{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08004
|image         = Archon Quest C2A4 In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = IV
|act           = Requiem of the Echoing Depths
|part          = 1
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Wishes (Quest)
|next          = [[The Grave of the Guarded]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Mora*10,850;Adventurer's Experience*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2
|characters    = Dainsleif; Katheryne (Liyue); Paimon; Traveler; Yuehui
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion|chapter=2|act=4|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Look for [[Yuehui|the miner]] who posted the commission at [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]]
# Enter [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
#* A Teleport Waypoint will be unlocked at the designated location. Complete the [[World Quest]] ''[[The Heavenly Stone's Debris]]'' to light up the map.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest grants the {{Achievement|When One Gazes Into the Abyss...}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Katheryne seems to have a new commission for you. Go check it out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ah, Traveler. Right on cue, hehe.
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Katheryne! Got any new commissions for us today? Also... how come you look so happy to see us? What have you done!?
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I went to the shrine to draw a fortune slip earlier. The shrine maiden told me that "it is the season for an unexpected reunion."
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Katheryne? Drawing fortune slips at the shrine? ...Is it just Paimon, or is that the most unusual thing ever!?
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, no, that's not the unusual part &mdash; we're in Liyue! You went to Inazuma and back in a single day!?
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, even I have a private life, you know.
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so when you say "unexpected reunion," you mean running into us, right?
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Who can say? But the anticipation of knowing that an unexpected reunion is due is making me happy to see everyone I cross paths with today.
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair enough, even though we see each other pretty much every day... Whatever makes you happy.
:{{DIcon}} An unexpected reunion...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps...
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, are you saying... Ohh, Paimon gets it, {{Traveler}}. Well, let's just hope the shrine maiden was right...
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fingers crossed we find {{MC|her|him|mc=1}}.
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I'm sorry... Did I say something I shouldn't have? You both seem a little down.
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's nothing. Anyway, back to business. Do you have a new commission you want to give to us?
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Yes, as a matter of fact, I do. This one is from a miner. It seems to be related to investigating [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]].
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Does this mean The Chasm's not sealed off anymore?
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I will leave the requester to fill you in on all the relevant details. His name is [[Yuehui]], and he should be at The Chasm right now.
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then, thanks Katheryne! We'll head there right away.
:{{A|vo szaq101 1 katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Very well. Ad astra... abyssosque. Hmm, this time you are truly bound for the abyss. Good luck to you both.

----

;(Talk to Yuehui)
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there! You must be "Yuehui," right? We've been sent by the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 01.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' Ah, great, good to meet you. Yes, I was the one who posted that commission.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 02.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' Wait a second... You look kind of familiar. Are you a famous adventurer, or something?
:{{DIcon}} It's complicated.
:{{DIcon}} Never mind that. Let's focus on the task at hand.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 03.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' Oh, uh, alright then. I'll start by introducing myself. I'm Yuehui, a miner, and I received a Mining Permit for The Chasm just recently. I have a handful of other guys in my crew.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously? They actually give permits out for The Chasm?
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 04.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' Yes, the folks over at Yujing Terrace finally came to their senses and are now allowing a limited amount of ore mining near the surface. We were among the first to gain approval.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 05.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' But some things have happened recently that put all the miners on edge.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? What happened? We haven't heard anything.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 06.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' So... it's hard to say exactly how big of an issue it is. Could be something, could be nothing. The main thing is that it's just very... strange.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 07.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' While one of the miners was on a break, he suddenly noticed a few hilichurls walking his way. They seemed like they were in a daze or something.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 08.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' They walked right by him without giving him a single glance. They just made a beeline for the depths of The Chasm.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 09.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' After that, the miner started observing his surroundings more closely, and noticed the same thing happening time and time again.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... are the hilichurls just curious? Maybe they just wanna take a peek inside...
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 10.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' Not likely. The strange part is that in all the time this miner has been watching the hilichurls...
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 11.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' ...he's never seen any of them come back out.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 12.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' It seems to be a one-way trip. Once the hilichurls go in, they never emerge again.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 13.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' And it seems to be happening more and more frequently as of late.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 14.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' "What are these hilichurls up to?" "What happens to them after they go inside?" "Is there a disaster brewing?"
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 15.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' These are the kinds of thoughts going through the guys' heads now. Everyone's driving themselves crazy worrying about it.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh! Paimon's not surprised... Paimon feels spooked just hearing about it.
:{{DIcon}} I don't dare imagine what's going on inside The Chasm...
:{{DIcon}} "Strange" is definitely the right word...
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 16.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' Exactly. The deepest fear is the fear of the unknown, you know? So we have to get to the bottom of it before everyone can put their minds at rest.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do we... do we really wanna take this commission? Um, thanks Mr. Miner, Sir, we need to consider it first&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} We'll take it.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! You could at least pretend to consider Paimon's opinion first!
:{{DIcon}} When strange things like this happen...
:{{DIcon}} I'm inclined to think the Abyss Order is involved.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's where you're coming from. Hmm, well okay then, maybe we will find some clues about your twin.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You'll really regret it if you don't go, huh?
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 17.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' So, what's your verdict? Will you take the commission? No pressure, but I gotta say... I'm not loving the prospect of my Mining Permit going to waste.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, we'll take it. We're kinda curious ourselves now, too.
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 yuehui 18.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' Great. You're doing me an enormous service here. Now, let me give you the rough location that the hilichurls keep heading to...

:'''Complete "{{color|bz|Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering}}" and find a way to enter The Chasm: Underground Mines.'''<!-- this pops up on the screen in an overlay box when you Navigate this Archon Quest, even if you've already finished Chasm Spelunkers -->

;(Talk to Yuehui again)
:{{A|vo dialog szaq101 yuehui 01.ogg}} '''Yuehui:''' It took a huge amount of work to get this Mining Permit... I hope it was worth it. The rest is up to you.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Small-scale mining operations have been approved at The Chasm. At Katheryne's introduction, a miner commissions you to investigate certain anomalies within The Chasm... But you'll need to find a way into The Chasm first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching a blocked tunnel in The Chasm: Underground Mines &mdash; if the player hasn't already opened it)
:{{A|vo szaq101 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we can't explore any further... Hmm, is there any way to open up this tunnel?
:;(Complete [[The Heavenly Stone's Debris]] in order to open the tunnel)

----
;(Arrive at the bottom of Stony Halls)

;(If Nameless Ruins has not been explored yet)
::{{A|vo szaq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the... It's a [[Inverted City|city]]?
::{{A|vo szaq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A whole city that's... floating in the air... upside down!?
::{{DIcon}} I'm at a loss for words.
::{{DIcon}} This is not what I was expecting...
;(If Nameless Ruins is explored prior to the quest)
::{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this where that miner guy wanted us to investigate?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just look at this place, {{Traveler}}... Doesn't it remind you of something?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what was it again...
:{{DIcon}} "The Defiled Statue."
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, that's it! It's just like that. Just as strange, just as upside-down, and just as spooky.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In which case... Maybe whatever's going on in The Chasm really is connected to the Abyss Order.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we gotta get to the bottom of this...
:{{color|menu|Dainsleif suddenly emerges from a portal beside you...}}
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Oh...
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Dainsleif!?
:{{DIcon}} I was not expecting that.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The feeling is mutual. I certainly hadn't expected to meet you here, either.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Long time no see, Dain... Wait, but how did you suddenly end up here in The Chasm?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The Chasm? So, we're in the depths of The Chasm, are we. Interesting... This is one place where I have never set foot before.
:{{DIcon}} I have a lot of questions for you.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I understand how you must feel. Last time, we met suddenly and parted hastily.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Now our paths cross again... Fate, it seems, owes you an explanation.
:{{DIcon}} First, tell me what you're doing here.
:{{DIcon}} What was going on with that portal just now?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That much should be self-explanatory. I came upon the trail of another Abyss Herald recently, and began pursuing it.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Unfortunately, I got as far as cornering him before he resorted to the same trick that they all do...
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I was hot on his heels when I followed him through the portal, but as usual, it was to no avail. It took me to the wrong place.
:{{DIcon}} So you had the same issue with the portal last time?
:{{DIcon}} So you didn't actually catch up with my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} last time?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Correct. Based on my recent experiences, I can only conclude that the Abyss's portals are not simply pathways from point A to point B, but gateways to an entire network.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Where they emerge on the other side is their choice. It can be anywhere within the network.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds kinda similar to how Teleport Waypoints work...
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' In short, though I was right behind your twin last time when I entered that portal, the next moment that I realized where I was...
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...I was all alone, back in the ruins known as Stormterror's Lair.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, about that &mdash; whatever happened to the eye of the first Field Tiller?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It's in a safe place. You can be sure that I will learn the truth of the "Loom of Fate" operation sooner than it could ever fall into the Abyss Order's hands.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you tell me who you really are?
:{{DIcon}} Who is the "Twilight Sword"?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hah. So that title stuck in your memory.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I by no means went out of my way to conceal it from you. It once stood for the glory of Khaenri'ah, but now...
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...It is but a cruel joke. My curse to bear.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Twilight Sword was my title as captain of the Royal Guards when I witnessed the destruction of my entire homeland firsthand. I believe my reluctance to raise it in conversation is quite justified.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 11b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like your {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} was right...
:{{DIcon}} What is the history between you and my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}}?
:{{DIcon}} What happened between you?
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 18.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' We were travel partners.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 19.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' We both partook in a painful journey of searching for our fate, but regrettably... we did not make it to the journey's end together.
:{{DIcon}} The journey's end...
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 20.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Before you continue questioning me, I ought to warn you...
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 21.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' If my suspicions regarding the portal network are correct, then the fact that there is a portal leading here tells us that the Abyss Order has their eyes on this location.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean the Abyss Order is plotting something here? Actually, Paimon and the Traveler suspected that, too.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 22.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I mean that it's highly likely that even as we speak, the Abyss Order is watching our every move.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, don't say that! You're giving Paimon goosebumps!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go and investigate.
:{{DIcon}} I'll trust you. For now.
:{{A|vo szaq101 4 dainsleif 23.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Huh, a wise choice. There appears to be light from a fire coming from near that rocky wall. Let's take a look.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion
|zhs     = 渊底不期的再会
|zhs_rm  = Yuāndǐ Bùqí de Zàihuì
|zht     = 淵底不期的再會
|zht_rm  = Yuāndǐ Bùqí de Zàihuì
|zh_tl   = At the Bottom of the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion
|ja      = 予期せぬ淵底の再会
|ja_rm   = Yokisenu Entei no Saikai
|ja_tl   = Unexpected Reunion in the Depths
|ko      = 심연 속의 우연한 재회
|ko_rm   = Simyeon Sok-ui Uyeonhan Jaehoe
|ko_tl   = Unexpected Reunion in the Abyss
|es      = Encuentro inesperado en las profundidades
|es_tl   = Unexpected Encounter in the Depths
|fr      = Rencontre fortuite dans les profondeurs
|fr_tl   = Fortuitous Encounter in the Depths
|ru      = Неожиданная встреча в глубинах
|ru_tl   = An Unexpected Meeting in the Depths
|th      = การพบกันอีกครั้งโดยไม่คาดฝันที่ก้นเหว
|th_rm   = Gan Pob Gun Eek Krang Doi Mai Kad Fan Tee Gon Haew
|th_tl   = Unexpected Reunion at the Bottom of the Abyss
|vi      = Hội Ngộ Nơi Đáy Vực
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unerwartetes Wiedersehen in den Tiefen
|de_tl   = Unexpected Reunion in the Depths
|id      = Di Kedalaman, Reuni yang Tak Terduga
|id_tl   = In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion
|pt      = Um Reencontro Inesperado nas Profundezas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Derinliklerde Beklenmedik Bir Karşılaşma
|tr_tl   = An Unexpected Encounter in the Depths
|it      = Un incontro inaspettato nelle profondità
|it_tl   = An Unexpected Encounter in the Depths
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Encuentro inesperado en las profundidades]]
[[ja:予期せぬ淵底の再会]]
[[vi:Hội Ngộ Nơi Đáy Vực]]