{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|spouse           = Inaba Kyuuzou
}}
{{Lang|'''Inaba Shizuko'''|ja=稲葉静子|ja_rm=Inaba Shizuko}} is the wife of [[Inaba Kyuuzou]]. She has not made an in-person appearance, but is mentioned in [[Inaba Tousaburou Kyuuzou's Final Words]] and posts Missing Person Posters on [[Inazuma]]'s bulletin boards after he fails to resurface following the end of the war.

==Missing Person Poster==
The Missing Person Poster appears on the following bulletin boards after completing Archon Quest Chapter I, Act III: [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]:
*[[Hanamizaka Bulletin Board]]
*[[Inazuma Commercial Street Bulletin Board]]
*[[Ritou Bulletin Board]]
*[[Ritou Harbor Bulletin Board]]

Kyuuzou's World Quest, [[Fate of a Fighter]], does not need to be completed for these messages to appear.

{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Missing Person Poster:''' I'm searching for my husband, Inaba Tousaburou Kyuuzou. He is a tall man without any facial hair and has a scar on the side of his forehead. He has yet to return home despite the ceasefire.
:'''Missing Person Poster:''' If any returning samurai or old friends and acquaintances know of his whereabouts, please inform me. You will be duly thanked for your help!
:'''Missing Person Poster:''' Yours Respectfully, Inaba Shizuko.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Inaba Shizuko
|zhs     = 稻叶静子
|zhs_rm  = Dàoyè Jìngzi
|zht     = 稻葉靜子
|zht_rm  = Dàoyè Jìngzi
|ja      = 稲葉静子
|ja_rm   = Inaba Shizuko
|ko      = //이나바 시즈코//
|fr      = Inaba Shizuko
|ru      = Инаба Сидзуко
|th      = Inaba Shizuko
|vi      = Inaba Shizuko
|de      = Inaba Shizuko
|id      = Inaba Shizuko
|pt      = Inaba Shizuko
|tr      = Inaba Shizuko
|it      = Inaba Shizuko
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->

[[pt-br:Inaba Shizuko]]