{{RegionTabs}}
==Version 2.0 Special Program==
{{zh|《原神》2.0版本「不动鸣神，泡影断灭」即将于7月21日上线。感谢各位旅行者的支持与陪伴，我们将为大家带来更多2.0版本的最新消息~（本次特别节目中的兑换码将于7月10日中午12:00失效，旅行者们要尽快兑换哦~）|tl=''Genshin Impact'' Version 2.0, "The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia," will be launched on July 21st. We would like to thank all Travelers for their support and companionship, and we will bring you more updates on Version 2.0. (The redemption codes provided in this Special Program will expire on July 10th at 12:00 noon, so Travelers should redeem them as soon as possible~)|vertical=1}}

The ''Genshin Impact'' Preview will be released on this channel on July 9 at 12:00 PM (UTC-4). During the program, Dawei (Co-Founder of miHoYo) and the Dev team will share their insight on the anticipated content in the new version. Look out for the redemption code drop in the livestream. Follow us now to get the most up to date information! See you all there, Travelers!

===Introducing Inazuma===
{{zh|那接下来我们还是回到大家都在关心的稻妻地区吧。稻妻在制作中跟前两个世界区域的情况相比会有一些什么样的变化呢？|tl='''Dawei:''' Next, let's talk about Inazuma, which everyone is very excited about. What kind of changes are there in the development of Inazuma compared to the first two regions?|vertical=1}}

{{zh|会有的！稻妻是继蒙德、璃月之后，第三块向旅行者们开放的大型世界区域。在稻妻的整个制作过程中，其实整个团队面临了非常巨大的、来自两方面的挑战。一方面是上线后的内容产出的节奏问题，因为大家已经在游玩的，已经上线的蒙德和璃月的区域，我们是花费了很多时间去继续耕耘这些大面积的地块，在上面持续地制作新的内容。但是到了开发稻妻的时候，其实面临的挑战会更大：就像刚才说的，一方面，我们要保证线上能持续更新版本，不断地为玩家提供游玩内容。另一方面，我们还要在开放稻妻新区域这样的关键节点上，大量释出可能比原先更大规模的高质量可玩内容。这些目标其实是为团队增添了不少的压力的，可能是我们团队中的每个人在从业生涯中从未面临过的严峻挑战。|tl='''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' A lot! Inazuma is the third large-scale region open to Travelers, after Mondstadt and Liyue. During the whole process of creating Inazuma, the whole team faced a huge challenge, namely from two aspects. On one hand, there was the issue of the pacing of content output after the launch because everyone was already exploring Mondstadt and Liyue, which were already launched. We spent a lot of time continuing to develop these large areas of land and produce new content on them on an ongoing basis. But when we started to develop Inazuma, the challenges were actually greater. Like what I said earlier, on one hand, we have to make sure that we can continuously update the versions to be launched and continue to provide players with gameplay content. On the other hand, we also have to work on the key node, to develop the new area of Inazuma and launch a massive release of high-quality playable content that may be even larger than the previous versions. These goals actually put a lot of pressure on the team. It's probably a serious challenge that everyone in our team has never faced in their career.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|第二方面是针对游戏内容的整体表现。我们会有更进一步的思考和设计，在以往大家已经接触过的比如说与蒙德的「自由」和璃月的「契约」这两个主题不太一样。以雷元素为主的稻妻迎来了新的主题叫「永恒」。那我们也将根据这一主题，从玩法层面上优化游戏内容的设计思路，对其进行统一的呈现。稻妻相关的区域制作，和在此之上的很多比如背景设定、玩法设计，启动时间可能会非常早。团队中的一部分同学，他们在稻妻的内容和玩家见面前，已经在稻妻的相应版本开发中努力了非常久。|tl=The second aspect is about the overall performance of the game content. We engaged in a more in-depth thought and design process. Different from the themes that everyone has come into contact with, such as Mondstadt's "freedom" and Liyue's "contracts" &mdash; Inazuma, which is centered around Electro, has ushered in a new theme called "eternity." Then, we will also optimize the design ideas of game content from the level of gameplay based on this theme to present them in a uniform manner. For Inazuma-related regional productions and many aspects on top of it, such as the background, gameplay design, we started on them pretty early. Some of our teammates have been working hard on the development of the version corresponding to Inazuma for a long time before the Inazuma content is released to our players.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|比起类似的、都有新探索区域的版本，比如已经开放的1.2版本的龙脊雪山和1.6版本的金苹果群岛，稻妻的规模更大，内容密度更高，所以相关的工作也更耗费精力。针对内容的整体性，我们对稻妻区域想要表达的内容做了一些关键词的收束，例如刚才提到的永恒、雷元素、能量等等。这些关键字会延伸出一系列的场景和玩法设计，但最终它们又会收敛到这些核心的概念之下。例如谈到能量，我们有更多的关卡玩法和战斗机制，在元素能量这个概念上挖掘更多的可能性，创造出新的战术体系；谈到雷元素，在感电、超导这些已经存在的战斗相关的雷元素反应之外，我们还会根据稻妻本地有的一些特色的机关和生态特征，对雷元素的玩法去做一定的扩展。|tl=Compared to similar, new areas that Travelers can explore such as [[Dragonspine]] in V1.2 and the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]] in V1.6, the scale of Inazuma is larger and the content is more dense, so the relevant work required is also more intensive. For the content as a whole, we have come up with some keywords to condense what we want to express in the Inazuma area. For example, eternity, Electro, and energy mentioned earlier, these keywords will then bring out a series of scenarios and gameplay designs but eventually they will converge back to these core concepts. When it comes to energy, for example, we have more stage gameplay and combat mechanics to explore more possibilities on the concept of Elemental Energy and create new combat systems. When it comes to Electro, outside of the existing combat-related Electro-Charged and Superconduct reactions, we will also take into account some of the unique local mechanisms and ecological features that Inazuma has to expand on the gameplay for Electro.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|同时，我们吸取了在之前地区的经验，摒弃了部分需要玩家强行使用某些特定角色或特定元素才能完成的挑战。我们现在的做法是将这些设计改成了机制自洽，只需要玩家思考使用方式即可完成的机关。在此基础上，我们也去尝试通过一些玩法，大幅改变玩家在地区的探索体验。也是希望能够通过这些改变，让玩家在稻妻地区可以收获新的乐趣。|tl=At the same time, we have learned from our experience in previous regions. We have abandoned some of the challenges that require players to use certain characters or specific elements in order to complete them. What we have done now is to change these designs to mechanisms that fit within the existing rules &mdash; mechanism puzzles that can be solved when the player figures out how to use the mechanism. On this basis, we also tried to use some gameplay methods to significantly change our players' exploration experience in the region. We hope that through these changes, players can find new fun and enjoy themselves in the Inazuma region.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|听到这里我自己都非常想早点去稻妻地区逛一逛了。|tl='''Dawei:''' Hearing this makes me very excited to visit Inazuma.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|哈哈，稻妻地区也恭候各位旅行者多时了。非常高兴今天可以在这里一口气跟大家分享这么多的想法。作为战斗设计，我们也会一如既往地为玩家们提供更加有趣、高质量的游戏体验。稍后也会有更多的制作人员来详细地给大家介绍有关稻妻的内容。还请大家持续关注我们！|tl='''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' Haha, Inazuma has been awaiting our Travelers for a long time. I am very glad to be here today to share so many thoughts with you all at once. For combat design, we will also continue to provide players with a more interesting and high-quality gaming experience. Later there will be more development staff to introduce the content of Inazuma in detail. Please stay tuned, Travelers.|vertical=1}}
----
{{zh|新地区的开放往往伴随着全新的人文风情与冒险故事，相信大家对此还是很期待的。之前旅行者们已经在自由之都蒙德与契约之邦璃月结识了不少同伴，也对两个地区各具特色的风土人情有所了解。而在海对岸，稻妻的这片土地上，也有着独特的故事与风俗。雷神治下寻求「永恒」的国度，旅行者们抵达那里之后，将有怎样与众不同的奇遇呢？今天我们特别邀请到制作团队中IP团队的负责人——小螺号来跟大家分享一些有关稻妻的内容。|tl='''Dawei:''' The unveiling of a new region is often accompanied by an entire new culture and adventure. I believe everyone has been looking forward to this. Previously, Travelers have made many friends in Mondstadt, the City of Freedom, and Liyue, the Harbor of Contracts &mdash; and also got to find out more about the unique culture of each region. On the other side of the sea, the land of Inazuma also has its own stories to tell. The nation that seeks "eternity" under the rule of the Electro Archon. What kind of extraordinary encounters will Travelers have when they arrive there? Today, we have a special guest, Head of ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s Creative Concept and Writing Team, Xiao Luohao, to share with everyone some content about Inazuma.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|各位旅行者，大家好。我是来自IP部门的小螺号，很高兴能与大家见面。作为IP部门负责人，非常荣幸能在今天这样一个场合下，与大家聊聊稻妻这个新地区的一些有趣设定。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' Hello, Travelers. I'm Xiao Luohao from the IP department. Nice to meet everyone. As Head of the Creative Concept and Writing Team, I'm honored to be here today to share details about some of the interesting design of the new region, Inazuma.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|说到这一点，我知道有不少玩家对我们游戏的世界观设定做过非常深入的研究哦。|tl='''Dawei:''' Speaking of which, I know a lot of our players have done in-depth study of our game's lore and design.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|是的，我个人也很喜欢看大家对于提瓦特大陆所做的考据。我们团队的大家在创作过程中构思了很多内容，这些都会成为埋藏在游戏各处的线索。玩家去寻找、发现这些线索并解读它们，就是在与我们进行一种跨越时间空间的交流。这会让我们这些创作者获得由衷的喜悦感。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' Yes. Personally, I also enjoy reading the analyses that our players have about Teyvat. Everyone in our team came up with a lot of content during the brainstorming process and all of these will become clues hidden in various parts of the game. Players can search for, discover, and decipher these clues. That's sort of a communication with us across time and space &mdash; it gives us creators a heartfelt sense of joy.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|没错，玩家朋友们的热情与关注一直是我们团队的重要力量来源。我们很感谢大家对原神的喜爱。作为创作方，我们所能做的就是尽力捧出最好的成品来回馈大家。比如今天，我们就带来了一些相信能让大家比较感兴趣的话题。|tl='''Dawei:''' That's right. The enthusiasm and attention our players have shown has been an important source of strength for our team. We are very thankful for everyone's love towards ''Genshin Impact''. As creators, all we can do is strive to produce the best product in return for everyone's support. For example, today, we have brought some topics that we believe will be of more interest to everyone.|vertical=1}}
----
{{zh|要介绍稻妻的话，不妨就从我们现在所身处的这个茶室场景来聊一聊。稻妻城中也有一间类似的茶室，整体风格比较幽致、比较幽静。我们给它取名叫「木漏茶室」。木漏其实是穿过叶隙的光的意思。不过跟我们现在所处的氛围不太一样的是，「木漏茶室」是一处隐蔽场所，只有预约过的特别来宾才能进入。而且茶室老板是一只包着头巾的柴犬，有个很可爱的名字，叫「太郎丸」。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' To introduce Inazuma, let's start with the scene of this tea room we are in now. There is a similar teahouse in Inazuma and its overall style is rather tranquil and quiet. We named it [[Komore Teahouse]]. "Komore" actually means light passing through the gaps between leaves, but what's different from the atmosphere we're is now is Komore Teahouse is a very hidden place; only special guests with reservations are allowed to enter. The owner of the teahouse is a Shiba Inu with a bandana around his forehead. He has a very cute name, "[[Taroumaru]]."|vertical=1}}

{{zh|柴犬老板？这个很有意思啊！不是人而是一只柴犬来担任茶室老板的角色。沟通上应该会不太一样吧？那作为客人，旅行者喝完茶之后，需要自己把钱放进一个小箱子里面吗？|tl='''Dawei:''' Boss Shiba Inu? That's really interesting. The teahouse is owned by a dog instead of a person &mdash; the communication should be different, right? Then, as a customer, after the [[Traveler]] has had tea, they have to put the money inside a small box by themselves?|vertical=1}}

{{zh|是的，而且茶室里面有些比较特别的地方。传说所有店员都跟太郎丸签订了某种不能言说的契约，然后他们必须永远留在这个地方打工。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' Yes, haha. And there are some special aspects of the teahouse: legend has it that all employees have signed some kind of unspeakable contract with Taroumaru and they must work there forever.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|这个也和想象中不一样。柴犬老板听起来非常有手段的角色。像我的话，听完就会觉得这些说法好像跟都市传说一样。感觉稻妻是个很神奇的地方。|tl='''Dawei:''' Well that's not what I expected. It sounds like there's more than meets the eye to Boss Shiba Inu. After hearing this, I feel like these stories resemble urban legends. It feels like Inazuma is a remarkable place.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|从都市传说的角度来说，稻妻确实跟旅行者较为熟知的前两个地区不太一样。不过「木漏茶室」只是稻妻城里一个比较小的场景。除此以外，稻妻境内还有很多比较宏伟、比较大的布设。每个区域都有自己独特的设计和布局方式。我们希望旅行者能够在冒险过程中不断深入探索，去发现其中暗藏的各种故事和细节。整个稻妻地区是各位旅行者在提瓦特大陆上一个精彩而神秘的新领域。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' In terms of urban legends, Inazuma is indeed different from the first two regions that Travelers are familiar with. However, the Komore Teahouse is only one small place in [[Inazuma City]]. In addition to this, there are so many more magnificent and larger locations in Inazuma. Each area has its own unique design and layout. We hope that Travelers can continue to explore in-depth during their adventures to discover the various stories and details hidden within.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|陆上踏足的第三个区域，在研发的初期，我们团队就拟定了稻妻的主题是「海洋群岛」。作为七国中唯一一个完全位于海洋上的国度，我们既希望保留「稻妻」这一个称呼所代表的地区统一性，又希望各自独立的岛屿——因为它有六个不同的岛构成嘛，能够带来与之前我们旅行所经历过的璃月和蒙德所不同的地块表现。|tl=Inazuma is the third region that Travelers set foot in on the continent of [[Teyvat]]. At the beginning of development, our team drafted the theme of Inazuma as an "Ocean Archipelago" as the only one of the seven nations located entirely in the ocean. We wanted to preserve the unity of the region represented by the name "Inazuma" but also hope that each separate island &mdash; because it consists of six different islands &mdash; is able to bring a different regional experience than what we encountered on our journey through [[Liyue]] and [[Mondstadt]].|vertical=1}}

{{zh|不同的自然风光是好做，但是整体性这一点是要怎么去把控呢？能给我们展开说说吗？|tl='''Dawei:''' Different types of natural scenery are easy to make but how can we control and present the uniformity of Inazuma? Can you share more on that with us?|vertical=1}}

{{zh|关于整体性这一点，可能展开的话会有些长。那我们就要从稻妻底层设定说起了。众所周知，稻妻是由雷神统治的国度。雷元素的一大象征是大家比较熟悉的事物：闪电，就是一瞬即逝。闪电往往代表着须臾、瞬间。可是雷神在故事里追求的理念却是「永恒」。那么，是发生了什么让雷神的想法从须臾变成了永恒呢？这种理念变更背后的深意是什么？这些矛盾与碰撞正是我们想要在剧情中传递给大家的。我们也非常希望这种内核上的探讨能具有比较强的延展性，能带动玩家在游玩过程当中获得体验的同时能够有进一步的思索。确立雷神追求永恒的大前提之后，我们开始着手于细节，将矛盾点投入到具体呈现在游戏内表面上的剧情与设定当中。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' On the point of uniformity, it may be a bit long to share entirely. We have to start from the foundation of Inazuma's design. It is well known that Inazuma is a nation ruled by the [[Electro Archon]] and [[Electro]] represents something everyone is familiar with: lightning, which happens in a flash. Lightning often symbolizes a fleeting moment, an instant. However, the concept that the Electro Archon pursues in the story is "eternity." So, what exactly happened to cause the Electro Archon's conviction to change from being a moment to an eternity? What is the deeper meaning behind this change in philosophy? These contradictions and collisions are exactly what we want to convey to you in the plot. We also very much hope that the discussion on this core idea can be expanded upon &mdash; it can drive players to have a good gaming experience, and at the same time, they can ponder more about this. After establishing the general premise of the Electro Archon's pursuit of eternity, we started work on the details &mdash; presenting the conflict in the game's storyline and design, and manifesting it concretely.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|我猜大家听到这里，可能会对雷神的行为产生进一步的联想。比如说，驱动她追求永恒的契机是什么？发生了什么让她产生这个想法？这种追求她使用什么手段追求？这种手段是否具有可行性？雷神在追求「永恒」的过程中把这个目标推进到了哪个阶段？这种举动会带来什么影响？神的追求与人的追求是否会产生新的矛盾？……等等等等。在实际制作的过程中，这些问题、这些思考一旦汇聚到关于各种游戏内的细节刻画上，就转化成了孕育出整个稻妻文化内容的培养土。在做各个岛屿的设定的时候，我们都会考虑这些点，去投放有关神明的追求，有关神的眷属，以及有关人民留下的刻痕。|tl=I guess everyone hearing this now must be thinking about the rationale behind the Electro Archon's actions. For example, what is the motivation that drives her to pursue eternity? What happened to give her this idea? What does she use to pursue this goal? How feasible are such means? What stage has the Electro Archon reached so far in her pursuit of "eternity"? And what are the implications of her actions? Will this Archon's pursuit conflict with those of her people? ...And so on. In the actual process of production, these questions and thoughts converged together within the details in-game. They were transformed into a soil that nurtured the entire culture of Inazuma. We have taken these points into consideration when designing each island to reflect the pursuits of the gods, their favors, and the marks left by the people involved.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|用这种以小见大——通过不同族群，以细见整的方式来反向体现「雷神追求永恒」的主题。虽然有不同岛屿、不同的族群，它们的局部表现是有差异的，但从整体的视角出发去看的话，整个矛盾是贯穿在全局中的、存在于稻妻每个部分。因此，我们整体的统一性就显示出来了。|tl=To reflect the greater worldview through stories of the common folk, through different factions, the theme of "the Electro Archon's pursuit of Eternity" is reflected through details, helping us present the big picture. Although there are different islands and factions, there are differences in how they are presented for certain aspects. But if we look at it from a holistic perspective, the conflict is present throughout the entire story and in every part of Inazuma. Thus, the unity of the whole is shown.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|我明白了，也就是说——the overall concept of Inazuma runs like a vein through the design of the entire region，但细节各有不同。从这里面能够看出整个稻妻各个群体的动向与动机。|tl='''Dawei:''' I see, that's to say &mdash; the overall concept of Inazuma runs like a vein through the design of the entire region but the details vary. And from this, we can see the actions and motives of various factions from Inazuma.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|是的，以上我说的这些只是比较基本的思路构建过程。具体设计的话，我们会从大概三个入手点去着手：一个是「历史」，第二个是「人文」，第三个是「地理」。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' That's right. What I have mentioned is just a basic process of our brainstorming. For the specific design, we will start with three entry points: one is history, the second is culture, and the third is geography.|vertical=1}}

===History===
{{zh|从历史上来说，也就是稻妻地区曾发生过什么样的事件，相信不少玩家朋友都关注到。提瓦特大陆上发生过一场旷日持久的魔神战争，我们很多故事都是衍生着魔神战争发生的；还包括之后产生的一个悲剧叫坎瑞亚灾变的前后始末。很多战争和争斗导致了失去，从失去的悲苦之中，又催生出了一些执着。神的理念与人文精神也多少受到这些重大历史转折点的影响。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' We refer to history as the events that have happened in the Inazuma region. I believe that many players have noticed that there was a long and arduous [[Archon War]] on the continent of Teyvat. Many of our stories are derived from the Archon War that took place. In also includes the tragedy that arose, the destruction of [[Khaenri'ah]]. Many wars and battles have led to loss; out of the sorrow of loss, obsession is spawned. The gods' philosophy and humanism were also somewhat influenced by these major historical turning points.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|创作期间我们也做了不少对现实世界的考据，用以参考。比如我们参考化用了一个叫「奉行」的制度，在稻妻，「奉行」基本上可以理解成专门负责管理某方面事务的重要人物。稻妻目前有三所最显赫的奉行，他们分别是：九条家所带领的天领奉行，负责管理治安和军事，执行眼狩令；柊家所带领的勘定奉行，他们负责管理财政以及海关通行的事务；以及最后第三户就是神里家所带领的社奉行，他们负责管理神社、庆典及一些文化活动。|tl=During the creation process, we also did a lot of research on the real world for reference. For example, we referenced a system called "{{w|Bugyō|Bugyou}}," or "Commissions." In Inazuma, a "Commissioner" is basically an important person responsible for a certain area of affairs. There are three prominent Commissions in Inazuma. They are: the [[Tenryou Commission]] led by the [[Kujou Clan]], responsible for managing security and military affairs, and enforcing the [[Vision Hunt Decree]]; the [[Kanjou Commission]] led by the [[Hiiragi Clan]], responsible for managing finance and customs; and the third is the [[Yashiro Commission]], led by the [[Kamisato Clan]] &mdash; they are in charge of managing shrines, festivals, and cultural events.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|我刚刚好像听到了一个很熟悉的名字？我们先继续。那地理方面又是怎么设计的呢？|tl='''Dawei:''' One of those clan names sounded very familiar... Haha, let's move on. And how is the geographic aspect designed?|vertical=1}}

===Culture and Geography===
{{zh|地理的话，首先我们配合美术和设计部门进行了一些联调，采取元素对应色的方式。和之前两个区域类似，我们确定了雷元素印象色是紫色，在紫色的基础上为之后的设计打下基础。稻妻有一个比较有特色的地方，这也是其他设计部门和策划部门想要去体现的——就是希望它的生态环境中包含更多的雷元素，有更多雷元素采集物去交互去互动。这种雷元素充沛的环境孕育出了不同色彩、不同明度的植被、树木，以及顺应环境而生的特殊采集物。比如蒙德有蒲公英、有风车菊，璃月有琉璃百合、有霓裳花，稻妻也有独属于自己、对应自己人文和地理的特色代表物。我们设计了一个叫做鸣草和一个叫做绯樱绣球，通过比较好看的植物融入雷元素主题的收集与解密当中。雷元素可以说是稻妻地理设计的底盘了，然后再进一步结合稻妻核心历史事件。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' In terms of geography, we first worked with the art and design teams to coordinate some adjustments. Taking the color corresponding to the region's element &mdash; similar to what we did for Liyue and Mondstadt &mdash; we had determined that the color representing Electro is purple and designed Inazuma building off this color. Inazuma is a region with distinctive features. This is what our design and planning departments want to reflect &mdash; they hope that its ecological environment contains more Electro with more Electro harvestable resources to interact with. This Electro-rich environment has given birth to different colors: vegetation, trees of different varieties, and special harvestable resources that are created in response to the environment. For example, there are [[Dandelion]]s and [[Windwheel Aster]]s in Mondstadt, and Liyue has [[Glaze Lilies]] and [[Silk Flower]]s &mdash; Inazuma also has distinct objects representative of its own culture and geography. We designed one called [[Naku Weed]] and another called [[Sakura Bloom]]. We used these nice-looking plants to integrate Electro in the collection and puzzle-solving aspects. The Electro element can be said to be the foundation of Inazuma's geographical design and further combining it with the core historical events of Inazuma.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|我们又拓展出了一下符合设计规律的地貌构思和人文景点。比如我们有一座和天狗传说有关的山，叫作影向山；有供奉一颗很大的树，狐狸大树的鸣神大社；有一个和冶炼刀剑有关的踏鞴砂；以及雷神一刀劈开的无想刃狭间。通过这些区域设定，就是从之前所说的历史、地理和人文设计衍生而来的地形和景观，也是《原神》故事的一大载体。通过与环境结合，我们才能更好地把神与人的故事放到这个世界中。然后借着各种场景、关卡以及各方面的文本，尽量给大家带来更加立体的游戏体验。|tl=We have also developed a landscape concept and cultural attractions that confirm to the design rules. For example, we have [[Mt. Yougou]], a mountain related to the legend of the "tengu"; The [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], which enshrines a huge tree resembling a fox; [[Tatarasuna]], a place related to the crafting of swords; and [[Musoujin Gorge]], created by a slash of the Electro Archon. With these regional settings, the terrain and landscape derived from the historical, geographical, and cultural designs described earlier are also important vehicles for the storyline in ''Genshin Impact''. By integrating story with the environment, we can better present the story of Gods and humans in this world and try to bring players a more immersive gaming experience through various scenes, levels, and text.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|可以挑几个介绍介绍吗？比如鸣神大社？我对里面那棵巨大的神樱树很好奇。|tl='''Dawei:''' Can you pick a few to introduce? Such as the Grand Narukami Shrine? I'm very curious about the huge Sacred Sakura inside.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|神樱树的基础设定来自于神篱和神木信仰，它象征着雷神对于整个稻妻全境的庇护。不过这里其实可以进一步聊一下，神樱的参考原型并不只有樱树，而是一种叫做颤杨的植物。这个植物还挺有意思，它们位于地下的根系是紧密相连的，从外表上看是一大片森林，实际上它只是一棵树。从严格意义上来说，就只是一棵树，比较有意思。其实神樱也采用了类似的设计，这种自然存在的特殊生态应用到游戏中，再配合玩家实际进行游玩探索的体验，就会成为比较有特色又有实感的表现。那既然聊到神樱树和鸣神大社，可能就不得不提到两位角色，两位人物：雷电将军和八重神子。她们二位都是稻妻极为重要的角色，在一定程度上也象征着稻妻的人文设计内核。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' The design of the sacred [[Sacred Sakura]]{{sic}} is derived from the belief of {{w|Himorogi}} and sacred trees. It symbolizes the Electro Archon's protection over the entire nation of Inazuma. But I would like to elaborate: we didn't just reference Sakura Trees for the Sacred Sakura but also a tree called the "{{w|quaking aspen}}." This tree is actually quite interesting. Underground, the root systems of many trees are closely interlinked, so what looks like a large forest is in fact made up of just one tree. Strictly speaking, it is just one tree. I think that's quite interesting. In fact, the Sacred Sakura adopted a similar design. This special natural ecology is applied to the game and when it complements the player's actual in-game experience and exploring, it will manifest as more distinctive and realistic. Then, since we are on the topic of the Sacred Sakura and Grand Narukami Shrine, I must mention two characters: the [[Raiden Shogun]] and [[Yae Miko]]. Both of them are extremely important characters in Inazuma. To a certain extent, they also symbolize the core of cultural design in Inazuma.|vertical=1}}
----
{{zh|说得我感觉现在就已经开始期待了，不知道还要等多久。对了，我想问下，还有跟雷电将军关联度比较大的地标吗？|tl='''Dawei:''' Just listening already makes me very excited for Inazuma. I don't know how much longer I can wait. Oh yes, I want to ask: are there any other landmarks closely associated with the Raiden Shogun?|vertical=1}}

{{zh|如果我们暂时不聊将军住所天守阁的话，稻妻有一道地理奇观，叫作「无想刃狭间」。我们觉得这个地点很有代表性，很代表雷电将军。它的诞生就与雷电将军息息相关。雷电将军曾在这里对上从海祇岛袭来的一条大蛇，为了斩杀对手，将军挥出雷霆万钧的一刀。由于威力太过强大，不光大蛇被当场斩断，整座岛屿也被连着劈成两半。如今到八酝岛还能看到上面有大蛇的遗骨，以及岛屿像被刀锋整齐地切开了一样，分为南北两边。这种奇观，在游戏里可以看到的，就是当年那场大战造成的景象。但大蛇惨败之后，它的遗恨弥留在人间，催生出了一种叫「祟神」的事物。因此，稻妻地区也衍生出了能够镇压祟神或能够利用祟神的迹象，继而诞生出相关联的人文历史，比如和矿业有关的晶化骨髓的开采，也就是大蛇相关的一些遗产的发掘，以及踏鞴砂的刀剑生产等等。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' If we don't talk about the Shogun's residence, [[Tenshukaku]], for the time being, there is a geographical wonder in Inazuma called Musoujin Gorge. We feel that this location is very representative of the Raiden Shogun. Its existence is closely related to the Raiden Shogun. Here the Raiden Shogun once faced a [[Orobashi|large serpent]] that attacked from [[Watatsumi Island]]. To slay her opponent, the Raiden Shogun dealt a thunderous slash. But because her power was too strong, not only was the reat serpent severed on the spot, the whole island was cleaved into two. Now, you can still see the remains of the great serpent when you set foot on [[Yashiori Island]], and the island is divided into north and south as if neatly sliced by a blade. This wondrous scene can be seen in the game &mdash; the result of that fierce battle in the past. But after the great serpent's tragic defeat, its grudge continues to linger. It has spawned something called [[Tatarigami]]. As a result, the Inazuma region has also developed a phenomena of suppressing the Tatarigami or exploiting the Tatarigami, from which is derived associated culture and history. For example: the mining of [[Crystal Marrow]] associated with the mining industry. That is, the excavation of a legacy related to the great serpent as well as the crafting of swords in Tatarasuna, etc.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|设定层面上之所以把大蛇、祟神与踏鞴砂的冶炼相结合，也是源于一些神话传说中大蛇与原始炼铁有关的说法。|tl=The reason why the great serpent, Tatarigami, and the smelting at Tatarasuna are integrated in the design is also derived from some myths and legends that the great serpent is associated with primitive iron making.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|感觉稻妻的设计里埋藏了非常多值得挖掘的线索。|tl='''Dawei:''' It feels like there are a lot of clues buried in Inazuma's design that is worth exploring.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|是的，希望玩家们能亲自踏上旅途，在探索过程中逐步体验这些稻妻的风土人情，进而更加深入提瓦特这个世界，获得更多的真相。同时也希望获得更多的乐趣。|tl='''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' Yes. We hope players will embark on the journey themselves and experience the customs of Inazuma step by step as they explore. Players can venture more deeply into the world of Teyvat, unearth more secrets, and also have a lot of fun in the process.|vertical=1}}

===Scene Production===
{{zh|欢迎大家回到今天的2.0版本特别节目。我们已经从前面两位同学的分享中了解到了有关稻妻的一些设计思路和地区设定。那么在游戏中，我们又是如何把这些想法通过视觉艺术的表现手法制作成大家可以充分探索的场景呢？接下来请到的就是我们场景制作团队的美术同学Cissie。|tl='''Dawei:''' Welcome back to today's Version 2.0 Special Program. From what our teammates have shared so far, we have learned a little about the design concepts and regional flavor of Inazuma. So in the game, how do we express these ideas using visual art and turn these into scenes that everyone can fully explore? Next, we have Cissie, an artist from our scene production team.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|旅行者们好，我是负责稻妻地图的Cissie。特别高兴受到大伟哥的邀请来到今天的节目现场，为大家讲解一下稻妻这个新地区的一些场景设计理念。|tl='''Cissie, Environment Art:''' Hello, Travelers. I'm Cissie, in charge of the map of Inazuma. It's my honor to be invited by Dawei to the show today to talk about some of the scene design concepts of the new area, Inazuma.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|之前我们已经看到的一些稻妻的场景画面在视觉上给我带来了很强烈的震撼。那么Cissie，可不可以先跟我们描述一下稻妻地图的整体美术风格是什么样的呢？|tl='''Dawei:''' We've seen some images of Inazuma's scenery before. In a visual sense, they made a powerful impression on me. So, Cissie, can you tell us more about the overall art style of the map of Inazuma?|vertical=1}}

{{zh|在稻妻的整个地图中，我们精心加入了不少隐藏的设计和巧思。这些设计和巧思可能比较难用简单的语言来概括，但总体上来讲，我们想要传达给玩家的感受可以用日本作家谷崎润一郎的一句话来描述，就是：“美，不存在于物体当中，而是存在在物体与物体的阴翳的波纹和明暗之中。”谷崎润一郎的描述意味着将事物隐藏在隐约而模糊的光线之中，从而让想象去增强美感。这种手法是日本与西方空间设计最不同的地方。在稻妻地图中，我们追求的是闲寂、幽玄、静谧等词所表达的气氛。这种气氛会贯穿整个稻妻地图的体验，并且会逐步递进。|tl='''Cissie, Environment Art:''' Actually, we have included a lot of hidden designs and unique details in the map of Inazuma. It can be difficult to summarize purely with words, but generally speaking, what we want to convey to the players this time perhaps can be summarized by a quote from the Japanese author, {{w|Jun'ichirō Tanizaki|Jun'ichirou Tanizaki}}: "We find beauty not in the thing itself but in the patterns of shadows, the light and the darkness, that one thing against another creates." Jun'ichirou Tanizaki's quote means that objects are hidden within vague rays of light and to let one's imagination enhance beauty, this is the biggest difference between Japanese and Western spatial design. If the Western style of design is to present everything in the fullest detail, then the Japanese pursuit of tranquility, seclusion, and calmness is to express an atmosphere &mdash; and this atmosphere remains throughout players' experience of the map of Inazuma, and it will gradually progress.|vertical=1}}
----
{{zh|稻妻是提瓦特七国中唯一一个完全位于海洋上的国家，因此稻妻的天气与蒙德和璃月的天朗气清有所不同。稻妻的地形是由海上的群岛组成，当旅行者置身于每个岛屿时，会感受到眼前景色随着光影的游走而快速变化，仿佛每一眼的景色稍不留意就会被海上的风吹走。我们试图通过空间和视觉上营造明暗交错的光影变化，来传达给玩家这种情绪上的感受。同时，稻妻深受雷元素的影响，因此在视觉表现上也具备一些与众不同的特点。雷元素和海岛是两个重要的设定背景，在这个基础上，稻妻的风貌和生态是建立在海岛的地质形态上进行推演的。在整个地图上，我们希望玩家从基础的山石中就能感受到雷元素对整个世界的影响。|tl=Inazuma is the only island nation among the seven nations of Teyvat, so Inazuma's climate is different from that of Mondstadt and Liyue where the sky is quite clear. Inazuma is geographically located in an archipelago. No matter which island Travelers are in, they can feel the scenery changing rapidly in front of their eyes as the light and shadow flows, as if the scenery can be blown away by the sea breeze if you're not paying attention. We try to convey these emotions to our players by manipulating space and perception, to create a shift between light and shadow. At the same time, Inazuma is also an area deeply impacted by the Electro element. So visually speaking, it will have its own unique characteristics. Under the two primary contexts of being Electro-influenced and being an island nation, Inazuma's scenery and ecology are created based on the geographical formation of islands. On this map. we want our players to feel the impact of the Electro element on the entire area through the mountains and rocks.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|并且我们还想要制作一些非常特别的并且有辨识度的结构。于是我们试图从真实世界的自然奇观里面汲取灵感。最后我们将日本的屏风浦悬崖作为设计的锚点。这个有“东方多佛悬崖”之称的地方有着独特的地质结构。它的纹理都是横向生长的，而且有一些海上的小岛甚至就像是横着插进了水面当中，非常不稳定。跟我们想要表现雷元素对地形的影响的感觉非常相似的。于是寻着这个锚点，我们将横纹的语言进行了提炼并且重构，把这些斜向的纹理和结构刻画在每一块山石上面，然后在拼接方式上把这些纹理又重新地组合起来，组成了现在看到的这种“交错线条”的方案。|tl=Also, we wanted to create some very unique and recognizable structures, so we tried to get inspiration from the natural wonders of the real world. Lastly, we used the {{w|Byōbugaura|Byoubugaura Cliffs}} in Japan as the focus of the design. This place, known as the "Dover of the Orient," has a very unique geological structure: the rock grains are horizontal, and there are some small islands in the sea that look as though they plunged into the water horizontally, which seems very unstable. It's very similar to what we want to convey in terms of the Electro influence on the landscape. So based on this point, we refined and reconstructed these horizontal grains. We depicted these oblique grains and structures on every surface of the rocks and mountains and then we reintegrated the grains in the form of a collage which forms the "intersected lines" that we see.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|原来雷元素对地形的影响是通过这种方式表现出来的吗？感觉真的很新奇。|tl='''Dawei:''' So that's how you demonstrate the Electro element's impact on the terrain? It's really innovative.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|是的，但是同时我们也遇到了一个很大的挑战，就是如何在不破坏原有的自然生态的情况下，让玩家能够有更大的探索的空间去感知雷元素影响下的这些奇特生态？后来我们想到，如果我们把整个岛看成是一个更加立体的上下结构的空间，然后让玩家通过一些秘密的地方、通道找到这些地方，就像《千与千寻》里面她通过长长的隧道到达了一个异世界，像《龙猫》里那样通过自家后院的篱笆掉进了龙猫的洞穴，这样会不会更有意思一点？有了这样的想法，在得到IP和策划同学们的鼓励和肯定以后，我们就开始了漫长的挖洞之旅。|tl='''Cissie, Environment Art:''' Yes. But at the same time, we also came across a big challenge which is, how do we provide a way for the players to explore and experience this interesting ecology under the influence of the Electro element without destroying the original natural ecology? Later, we figured that if we see the entire island as a more three-dimensional space with upper and lower structures. Then, players can find these locations through secret places and channels &mdash; just like in "{{w|Spirited Away}}," how Chihiro reaches another world through a long tunnel or like in "{{w|My Neighbor Totoro}}," how Mei falls into Totoro's cave from the fence in her backyard. This would make it more interesting, right? Once we established this idea, with the encouragement and recognition from our colleagues from the Creative Concept and Writing and Planning teams, we started a long journey of realizing our concepts.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|我们把雷元素影响产生了异变的神樱树根系缠绕在鸟居上，用特殊造型的发着光的紫色灌木去照亮这些黑暗的洞穴。我们想从形态和颜色上去表现雷元素的奇幻感。如果你想要一探这些奥秘，你就可以在村子里找到一些钥匙，从村子里的枯井跳下去，或者是从海边的礁石间钻进去，又或者是从守护之森隐蔽的小洞找到这些，暗藏在平凡事物之下的宝藏空间。这里到处都会弥漫着一股危险的气息，和地面上那种安静、美好的画面形成了巨大的视觉反差。|tl=We placed the Sacred Sakura roots, which have mutated under the influence of Electro, around the torii gate and lit up these dark caves with special-shaped glowing purple shrubs. We want to show the wonders of the Electro element using form and color. If you want to explore certain mysteries, you can find keys in the village, jump into the dry well in the village, squeeze in between the rocks by the sea, or find treasures hidden under ordinary items in an obscure little cave inside [[Jakotsu Mine|Shugo Forest]]. There is a sense of danger everywhere here. Visually, there is a strong contrast from the places above ground, which are tranquil and beautiful.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|稻妻还有一个非常具有奇幻色彩的地点——神无冢·踏鞴砂。这个地方是一个大型的人文历史和自然风光相结合的地方。刚才IP同学也提到了，雷电将军跟大蛇战斗后留下的祟神残渣就是被封锁在这个岛上的。以残渣为核心的能量它会将周围的山石聚集起来，在画面中心形成了一个巨大的视觉中心点。而稻妻最大的冶炼设施「御影炉心」便位于此处。为了进一步强化这股能量的视觉表现，我们就将周围的牵引的木栈道全部向中间聚拢的方式，去和中间的炉心做呼应跟衔接。然后将内部的空间晕染成紫色，在环境中增加了飞沙走石和忽明忽暗的闪电的特效，尽可能的去表现这种危险感和神秘感。|tl=There's also a place in Inazuma that's full of magical wonder which is Tatarasuna, [[Kannazuka]]. It is a great place where human history meets natural wonder. Just now, our colleague mentioned the battle between the Raiden Shogun and the great serpent after which the remains of the Tatarigami were sealed on this island. With the remains as the core, the energy can gather the surrounding rock which forms a huge visual center in the middle of the scene. Mikage Furnace, the largest smelting facility in Inazuma, is located here. To further enhance the visual depiction of this energy, we directed the surrounding plankways towards the middle to connect with the furnace in the center. Next, we enveloped the inner space in purple and added special effects of flying sand and flickering lightning to the environment to express a sense of danger and mystery.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|这里也是和一个大型的大世界主题任务「踏鞴物语」有着很强的关联。在没有解锁相关任务之前，这里的外部会笼罩着一个巨大的类似电波纹的能量罩，稍微接近一点点都会感受到内部强烈的能量的涌动。|tl=It is also closely related to "[[Tatara Tales]]," a large-scale open world themed quest. Before unlocking relevant quests, there will be a huge energy shield that looks like an electric wave on the outskirts. You can feel the strong surge of energy inside by just getting a little closer.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|说起来，场景里的这些花花草草，好像也跟之前的地区非常的不一样。|tl='''Dawei:''' Now that you mention it, I realize that the flowers and plants in this scene are very different from those in the previous areas.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|是的，关于稻妻的植被，是基于前期雷元素对应色。我们和IP大佬敲定用紫色系来营造雷元素的影响区域，而没有受到影响的普通区域我们就保留了吉卜力动画经典的植被配色，是一种冷调下各种绿色的融合。淡蓝色的喜林草和深蓝色的风信子构成了稻妻最基础的生态，它串联着每一片平原和滩涂。芦苇则在关口、河滩、还有山坡上旺盛的生长。|tl='''Cissie, Environment Art:''' That's right. As for the vegetation of Inazuma, its color corresponds with that of the Electro element. Our team discussed with the Creative Concept and Writing Team, and decided to use purple shades to depict areas that are affected by the Electro element. For normal areas that are not affected, we tried to pay homage to the classic vegetation colors of {{w|Studio Ghibli|Ghibli}} animation. It's a fusion of different shades of cool green. The light-blue "baby blue eyes" and the dark blue hyacinths constitute the basic ecology of Inazuma. It connects every plain and swamp and reeds grow vigorously in the mountain passes, river banks, and on hills.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|当夏日来临，稻妻的人民就可以坐在樱花盛开的甘金岛上远远地看着烟火，在稻妻城的上空绚丽地绽放。城里的樱花被烟火照得通透无比，倒影在海边的点点花火寄托了我们对一切美好事物的遐想。|tl=In summer, people sit on [[Amakane Island]], where the sakura blossoms bloom, and watch the fireworks in the distance, lighting up the sky of Inazuma. The sakura blossoms in the city are illuminated by fireworks. The reflection of fireworks on the sea's surface inspires us to imagine beautiful things.|vertical=1}}
----
{{zh|从Cissie的描述里，我能深切地感受一个创作者对自己的作品的热爱。不知道稻妻的这么多美景，给你留下印象最深的是哪一处呢？|tl='''Dawei:''' From Cissie's description, I can feel a creator's passion for her works. I didn't know there are so many beautiful scenes in Inazuma. Which one left the deepest impression on you?|vertical=1}}

{{zh|这个还真的挺不容易回答的。大伟哥，你刚刚问我的时候，我其实脑海当中已经有了一些画面了。比如飘渺的薄雾和风吹落的枫树叶掩映着离岛的建筑，萧瑟的气氛笼罩着这个港口小镇。模糊的光线中你可以看到有人群在走动、攀谈。平原上的小溪旁边安静地坐落着几户淳朴的民居。回头望去，鸟居从遮天蔽日的大树当中探出头来。如果你恰巧发现了草丛中的狸猫，你就可以跟随着它一路拾级而上，穿过一片水汽弥漫的森林，便来到了被绯樱绣球簇拥着的神里绫华的家了。|tl='''Cissie, Environment Art:''' This is a very hard question to answer. When you asked me just now, I had some images in my mind like a misty landscape and maple leaves blowing in the wind, with buildings on [[Ritou]]'s shore. The port city is engulfed in a gloomy atmosphere and in the dim light, you can see people walking and talking. A few simple houses sit quietly beside a stream on the plain. When you look back, the top of a {{w|torii}} gate peeks out from among massive trees. If you happen to find a {{w|Japanese raccoon dog|tanuki}} in the grass, you can follow it all the way up a [[Chinju Forest|misty forest]]. You'll then arrive at the home of [[Kamisato Ayaka]] which is surrounded by sakura blooms.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|画面感真的好强啊。|tl='''Dawei:''' I can already see the images in front of me.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|如果从稻妻的建筑来讲的话，我最喜欢逛的一处就是神里家的府邸了。穿过光线透过的回廊，坐在绫华大小姐的茶室中，旅行者们可以通过半敞开的结构看见绿枝掩映的坪庭。而远处的稻妻城和天守阁在樱花的簇拥下若隐若现。阳光透过厚厚的云层照在天守的房顶，咫尺画堂。这许多与东方审美相似的地方的描写也会一次又一次地带给我心灵上的震撼。|tl='''Cissie, Environment Art:''' In terms of the architecture of Inazuma, my favorite would be the [[Kamisato Estate|Kamisato Clan estate]]. Through the corridor with light passing through, as you sit in Miss Ayaka's tea room, Travelers can see the terrace framed by green branches through the semi-open structure. In the distance, Inazuma City and Tenshukaku can be seen faintly through the sakura blossoms. Through the thick clouds, the sun shines on the roof of Tenshukaku, like a painting in front of your eyes. The depiction of all these places with Eastern aesthetics never fails to impress me no matter how many times I see them.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|接下来的版本中还会有更多具有奇幻色彩的场景。比如有鲜明的异国特色的，地貌更奇特、色彩更梦幻的海祇岛；然后被恒常的雷暴所覆盖的，无比壮观的清籁岛；还有长年无人踏足的鹤观，那里凋零的枯枝和形似雷鸟羽毛的植被无处不在；以及在稻妻海平面之下最大的地下空间，那里有着更多奇特的风貌和植物等你去探险。作为场景的创作者，我们也在期待着在新的区域将新鲜而有趣的体验带给所有的旅行者们。|tl=There will be more wonderful scenes in the coming version. For example, Watatsumi Island with its distinctive and unique characteristics, peculiar landscape, and dreamy colors; and the magnificent [[Seirai Island]] which is constantly enshrouded by thunderstorms; [[Tsurumi Island]], abandoned for many years, covered in withered branches and vegetation that looks like [[Thunderbird]] feathers; and the [[Enkanomiya|largest underground space below sea level]] in Inazuma... there are are more unique landscapes and plants waiting for you to explore. As the landscape creators, we are also looking forward to creating more new areas and giving a fresh and interesting experience to all Travelers.|vertical=1}}

===Soundtrack===
{{See also|Realm of Tranquil Eternity/Background}}
{{zh|非常感谢Cissie带来的精彩的分享。除了迷人的风景，《原神》的音乐也是旅行者朋友们一直非常关心的部分。在正式进入2.0版本之前，我们对《原神》1.0版本的音乐做了一次回顾。许多好听的音乐，比如旅行者与「公子」、与若陀龙王交手时的战斗音乐，以及出现在《足迹》《我们终将重逢》等经典PV中的音乐……都将收录在这张全新专辑《珍珠之歌》中，一起来看看吧。当然，备受大家关注的2.0版本的稻妻地区音乐，目前也在有序的制作当中。接下来，还是请《原神》的音乐制作人、HOYO-MiX团队的陈致逸来向我们做个简单的介绍吧。|tl='''Dawei:''' Thank you very much for your wonderful presentation, Cissie. Besides the beautiful scenery, ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s music is also something that Travelers enjoy. Before officially entering Version 2.0, we reviewed the soundtrack of ''Genshin Impact'' Version 1.0. Many great tracks, like the one during the battle with "Childe" and the battle with Azhdaha, and the music that appears in our trailers like "Travail" and "We Will Be Reunited" will all be included in this new album "[[The Shimmering Voyage]]," let's take a look. Of course, the much-anticipated Inazuma soundtrack of Version 2.0 is also in production. Next up, we have Yu-Peng Chen of the HOYO-MiX team, the Composer and Producer of ''Genshin Impact'' soundtracks to give us a brief introduction.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|谢谢大伟哥！旅行者们大家好！很高兴在这里和大家提前分享一些稻妻音乐制作的情况。《原神》是一款基于开放世界的冒险游戏，在不同风格的区域都需要与之相匹配的音乐语言。我们也一直致力于在全世界范围内汲取音乐元素的灵感。前两次，我们邀请到伦敦爱乐乐团录制了蒙德音乐，邀请到上海交响乐团录制了璃月地区的音乐。这一次，我们又邀请到了日本的东京爱乐乐团，携手传统乐器的艺人，同样以录制真人演奏的方式为大家带来稻妻地区的音乐。|tl='''Yu-Peng Chen, Music Producer:''' Thank you, Dawei! Hello, Travelers! I'm excited to share some details about the production of Inazuma's soundtrack. ''Genshin Impact'' is an open-world adventure game. Different soundtracks are required to match different locations. We take a lot of inspiration from music around the world. We had the London Philharmonic Orchestra record the soundtrack for Mondstadt. Then, we had the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra record the music for Liyue. For Inazuma, we approached the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra in collaboration with traditional-instrument musicians, once again to give a live performance to create the music of Inazuma.|vertical=1}}

{{zh|相信2.0的稻妻音乐将会带给大家和蒙德音乐、璃月音乐都不同的感受。陈老师，还能给大家透露一点稻妻音乐录制的消息吗？|tl='''Dawei:''' I'm sure the Inazuma soundtrack in Version 2.0 will give you a different experience from the music of Mondstadt and Liyue. Mr. Chen, can you give us an update on the recording of the Inazuma soundtracks?|vertical=1}}

{{zh|最好的体验方式，自然是等到大家进入到稻妻，在游戏场景中亲身去感受音乐。在这里，我就先给大家分享一些稻妻音乐制作的信息。在设计稻妻音乐的时候，除了管弦乐以外，我还加入了一些传统乐器，如尺八、三味线、太鼓、还有日本筝等等。借用了颇具日本特色的人声吟唱的声线。比较特殊的是，受疫情影响，我们这一次采用了线上实时沟通的方式，在长达一个多月的时间里反复地打磨。我隔着屏幕和现场的日本音乐家沟通，争分夺秒地核对旋律、调整乐器，克服了许许多多的困难，最终合作出了双方都满意的效果。希望大家进入2.0版本以后也能喜欢稻妻的音乐。|tl='''Yu-Peng Chen, Music Producer:''' The best way to experience it is to wait until you can visit Inazuma and feel the music in the game. Here, I will share some information about the music production of Inazuma with you: when designing Inazuma's music, we added several traditional musical instruments in addition to classical orchestral music such as {{w|Shakuhachi}}, {{w|Shamisen}}, {{w|Taiko}}, {{w|Koto}}, etc. We used characteristic Japanese vocal singing. Due to the impact of the global pandemic, this time, we communicated online in real-time. For over a month, back and forth I liaised with the Japanese musicians remotely to review the melody and set the musical instruments. We overcame many difficulties, and achieved satisfactory results through this collaboration. I hope everyone will enjoy the music of Inazuma after entering Version 2.0.|vertical=1}}
[[ru:Инадзума/Разработка]]