{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 5
|region  = Inazuma
|lore    = Inazuma and the Shogun
}}
The '''Inazuma Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 5-star [[Weapon Series]], themed after [[Inazuma]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Inazuma Series}}

==Lore==
[[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] wandered the mountains when he was young, where he encountered the [[Tengu]]. He made a bet, wagering himself for the bow that the [[Raiden Shogun]] had given to one of the Tengu. The bet ended in a draw, and so he was made a servant of the Tengu, but he had also won the bow. After many years, he was no longer a servant and was referred to the [[Shogunate]] by his master and became a great martial artist.<ref name="Thundering Pulse">{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref> During this time he accompanied a [[Asase Hibiki|shrine maiden]]<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Hamayumi}}</ref> and passed on his knowledge of archery to her. When he went to fight against a dark army,<ref name="Mistsplitter">{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref> he made a bet with the shrine maiden that he would return alive, and if he didn't she could keep the bow that he had won from the Tengu.<ref name="Thundering Pulse"/> Determined to win his bet, Takamine fought bravely and killed many demons, but eventually the powerful sword given by the Raiden broke and he was engulfed in dark mist. Some fragments of the blade were left behind and were retrieved for reforging, but Takamine kept holding onto the sword handle, still wishing to return.<ref name="Mistsplitter"/>
The shrine maiden was given the bow for having won the bet, and many years later Takamine returned from the Abyss to try to meet her, holding onto his bet, only to be slain by her with the bow that she had won.<ref name="Thundering Pulse"/>

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}