{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22036
|type          = Commission
|image         = Shop Syavushi Bakshesh Shoppe.png
|npc           = Vahid
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|region        = Inazuma
|characters    = Konda Densuke; Traveler; Vahid
|next          = Post-Sale Service
|nextNote      = If fertilizer order was incorrect
}}
'''Inazuma Sales Specialist''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Vahid]]
#Talk to [[Konda Densuke]]

==Notes==
* ''[[In Another Land]]'' and ''[[A Strange Story in Konda]]'' may both be prerequisites for this commission.
* Messing up the fertilizer order will unlock the follow-up quest ''[[Post-Sale Service]]'', which leads to the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement [["Sorry for the Trouble!"]]
* The order of actions for the fertilizer will be randomly generated.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Vahid]], the owner of [[Syavushi Bakshesh Shoppe]], is currently having a headache over sales...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Vahid:''' This business is so hard. All my merchandise is good and they're the real deal...
:'''Vahid:''' But why does no one here want to buy anything?
:{{DIcon}} What is the matter?
:'''Vahid:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. *sigh* Forget it. I still cannot sell any fertilizer...
:{{DIcon}} Don't you have [[Alrani]] to help you?
:'''Vahid:''' She did help me out a little. But trouble is, neither of us knows how to promote these goods. We can only wait for the customers to show up...
:'''Vahid:''' And you know about the situation it Ritou. Nobody is buying anything.
:'''Vahid:''' So I visited the gentlemen at the merchant guild to ask for help, and they suggested that we do something called marketing.
:'''Vahid:''' Simply put, they want us to talk more about the fertilizer's effects and the theory behind it with customers. We should also do more data-driven promotion, and we should offer a "free trial" service...
:'''Vahid:''' But... I really don't understand such complex matters. And I'm not the one who created this fertilizer, so how can I possibly explain it?
:'''Vahid:''' Anyway, even if it's just reciting the instructions, I believe I'll still need to run around and do some promotion.
:'''Vahid:''' Alrani is already out there promoting our goods. I am going out later as well. Traveler, could you please help us out?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Vahid:''' Excellent! We are counting on you, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Where did Alrani go?
::'''Vahid:''' She said that she needed to collect some materials and that she'll have to go quite far away.
:'''Vahid:''' The place you are going to is called [[Konda Village]]. It's not far from here.
:'''Vahid:''' There is a gentleman named [[Konda Densuke]] who has shown some interest in our fertilizer. He also came to the store to chat with me a little earlier.
:'''Vahid:''' If you could promote some of our goods at his place and offer him a free trial, he might just buy some fertilizer.
:{{DIcon}} So, tell me how to use the fertilizer...
:'''Vahid:''' Oh yes, right, I haven't explained it to you yet. The fertilizer you are taking there must be used in a certain way.
:'''Vahid:''' Now, let me see... according to the manual, the order should be...
;(Order of actions varies between commissions)
;(First variation)
::'''Vahid:''' You must first add {{Color|buzzword|water}} to the fertilizer, before adding some {{Color|buzzword|crushed leaves}}. Finally, {{Color|buzzword|mix them well}} and apply them to the field.
;(Second variation)
::'''Vahid:''' You must first add {{Color|buzzword|crushed leaves}} to the fertilizer, before {{Color|buzzword|mixing them well}}. Finally, {{Color|buzzword|add water}} and apply them to the field.
;(Third variation)
::'''Vahid:''' You must first add {{Color|buzzword|crushed leaves}} to the fertilizer, before {{Color|buzzword|adding some water}}. Finally, {{Color|buzzword|mix them well}} and apply them to the field.
:'''Vahid:''' Don't get the order wrong, or it may cause problems, which will affect our customers' impression of us. Our future business is at stake...
:{{DIcon}} I remember.
::'''Vahid:''' Then I'm counting on you. Once you deliver the Anahitian Blessing to the customer, his first payment will be yours to keep.
:{{DIcon}} Could you repeat the process again?
;(First variation)
::'''Vahid:''' You must first add {{Color|buzzword|water}} to the fertilizer, before adding some {{Color|buzzword|crushed leaves}}. Finally, {{Color|buzzword|mix them well}} and apply them to the field.
::'''Vahid:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler... Let's all work hard. With any luck, business this month might be good!
;(Second variation)
::'''Vahid:''' You must first add {{Color|buzzword|crushed leaves}} to the fertilizer, before {{Color|buzzword|mixing them well}}. Finally, {{Color|buzzword|add water}} and apply them to the field.
::'''Vahid:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler... Let's all work hard. With any luck, business this month might be good!
;(Third variation)
::'''Vahid:''' You must first add {{Color|buzzword|crushed leaves}} to the fertilizer, before {{Color|buzzword|adding some water}}. Finally, {{Color|buzzword|mix them well}} and apply them to the field.
::'''Vahid:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler... Let's all work hard. With any luck, business this month might be good!
----
;(Talk to Konda Densuke)
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Youngsters, we meet again. What would you like to know this time?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not here to ask questions this time.
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to talk about how to use the fertilizer.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Oh, did Vahid send you?
:'''Konda Densuke:''' I heard about a novel fertilizer shop in Ritou. That's why I went to meet Mr. Vahid to try out his fertilizer.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' If it works and increases crop production, there might be hope for restoring Konda Village.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Heh, I guess it is still up to an old relic such as myself to restore the village. Those young lads from the village... Hmph! You can't count on them.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Alright, tell me then. How should I use the fertilizer?
:{{DIcon}} Add water first, then add crushed leaves before mixing them up.
:{{DIcon}} Add crushed leaves first, then mix them, and add water at the end.
:{{DIcon}} Add crushed leaves, then add water, then mix them up.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Such a complicated procedure for fertilizer... Alright, I've got it.
;(If correct)
::'''Konda Densuke:''' That's what Vahid told me last time, too. It should be alright. I'll wait for the crops to grow.
;(If incorrect)
::'''Konda Densuke:''' I've got a bad feeling about this somehow. It doesn't sound like what Vahid said last time. Are you sure there won't be any problems?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Inazuma Sales Specialist
|zhs     = 稻妻销售员
|zhs_rm  = Dàoqī Xiāoshòuyuán
|zht     = 稻妻銷售員
|zht_rm  = Dàoqī Xiāoshòuyuán
|zh_tl   = Inazuma Salesperson
|ja      = 稲妻の販売員
|ja_rm   = Inazuma no Haibai'in
|ja_tl   = Inazuma Salesperson
|ko      = 이나즈마 판매원
|ko_rm   = Inajeuma Panmaewon
|ko_tl   = Inazuma Salesperson
|es      = Un vendedor de Inazuma
|es_tl   = A salesperson from Inazuma
|fr      = Des ventes décevantes...
|fr_tl   = Disappointing Sales...
|ru      = Торговец из Инадзумы
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = นักขายแห่ง Inazuma
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Salesman of Inazuma
|vi      = Người Bán Hàng Inazuma
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Inazuma-Verkaufsspezialist
|de_tl   = Inazuma Sales Specialist
|id      = Penjual Ulung Inazuma
|id_tl   = Excellent Inazuma Seller
|pt      = Comerciante de Inazuma
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}