{{RegionTabs}}
{{See also|Timeline}}
A timeline of historical events in the [[Inazuma]] region.
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|TimelineNote}}

==First Era==
<noinclude>{{main|Timeline#First Era}}
''The term "first era" is derived from ''[[The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria]]''.''</noinclude>

* '''400 years after the [[Heavenly Principles]] appeared''' ― The region of [[Enkanomiya]] was part of the single, unified human civilization which spanned the whole world.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref name="SubterraTrials"/>
* A civilization in [[Tsurumi Island]] was built and had connection with [[Celestia]].
* In the area that is now north of [[Mt. Yougou]], [[Narukami Island]], a kingdom built on sand had a foolish ruler who wanted to build a high garden in honor of the [[Irminsul|white tree]].<ref name="SandCourt" />

==Great War of Vengeance==
<noinclude>{{main|Timeline#Great War of Vengeance}}
''The term "great war of vengeance" is derived from [[Neuvillette]]'s [[Neuvillette/Lore#Vision|Vision]] Character Story.''</noinclude>
* The great war of vengeance ravages the heavens and earth. A great flood ravages the land, leaving only a few islands left.<ref name="ViolCourt" /> These islands are likely [[Narukami Island]], [[Kannazuka]], [[Yashiori Island]], [[Seirai Island]], and [[Tsurumi Island]].
** The vast majority of [[Watatsumi Island]] was created by [[Orobashi]] towards the end of the Archon War, and therefore does not exist yet.<ref name="SangoChron" />
<noinclude>
===Enkanomiya===
* Enkanomiya falls into the depths of the ocean and is severed from the surface world.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref name="3 Martial Trials"/>
* The people of Enkanomiya clash with the [[Dragonheir of the Depths]], vishaps who fled into the ocean depths after the Heavenly Principles defeated the [[Seven Sovereigns]] of the old world. Because there was no light in the ocean depths, the vishaps had a great advantage.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/>
** [[Istaroth]], the undying wind and presumably one of the Heavenly Principles's four shining shades, is the only one who does not forsake the people of Enkanomiya,<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/> as they are able to detect her undying wind from the depths of the ocean.
* The sage [[Aberaku]] (originally known as Abrax) builds the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] (which he dubbed "Helios"), creating artificial light to drive away the vishaps. It is believed that Istaroth granted Abrax wisdom.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref name="Tokoyokoku"/>
** '''~6000 years ago'''<ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails"/> ―  When the people of Enkanomiya attempt to return to the surface a year after building the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], they are unable to find a way out. They believe this "power of prohibition" to be the work of the Heavenly Principles and conclude that the Heavenly Principles emerged victorious.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref name="3 Martial Trials" />
* '''? years ago''' ― A cabal of corrupt nobles<ref name="Lotus"/> manipulates the people of Enkanomiya into worshipping the Dainichi Mikoshi as a god, and chose a child to be the [[Sunchild]] and rule over the land.<ref name="Hyperion"/> The Sunchildren were puppet rulers controlled by these nobles. Abrax, and later Spartacus ([[Supada no Hiko]]), opposed the corrupted nobles only to be imprisoned by the Sunchildren.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref name="Lotus"/>

===Tsurumi Island===
* '''>6000 years ago'''<ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails"/> ― An eagle known as the [[Thunderbird]] spots a fog-covered Tsurumi Island and decides to make its home there. At some point, objects fall from the heavens &mdash; possibly the [[Celestial Nail]]<ref group="Assumption">[[Celestia]] is depicted in one of the murals below the island, and the object fits the description of the nail.</ref> &mdash; one of which lands on Tsurumi Island. This temporarily clears up the fog, only for the fog to return in even greater force later,<ref name="SunwheelKanna" /> and the [[Pre-Thunderbird Civilization|first civilization]] comes to an end.
** Humans on the island (likely descendants of the previous civilization) begin gathering the Thunderbird's shed feathers and [[Thunderbird Civilization|worship it]], but the bird does not think much of them. The people learned to use [[Maushiro]] to locate each other amidst the fog, and they feared and worshipped the eagle. However, the Thunderbird paid them no heed, seeing them as no different from other animals.<ref name="SunwheelKanna" /></noinclude>

==Archon War==
<noinclude>{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|archonwarstart}}</noinclude>
* During an [[Archon War|era of conflict and poverty]], under the banner of Narukami, the [[youkai]] used their powers to help humans seek refuge in the mountains and build a [[Inazuma City|city]] by the sea, thus marking the beginning of Inazuma.<ref name="Yae Miko 4" />
* '''>2000 years ago''' ― The twin gods Makoto and Ei slay all other gods and conquered many races, unifying all the islands of Inazuma.<ref name="Raiden Shogun CD" /> Ei, although the stronger fighter, believed Makoto to be better-suited for the role of Archon and sacrifices her body so Makoto can ascend to Celestia. Makoto becomes the first [[Electro Archon]], the God of Eternity<ref name="Treasured Tales 1" /><ref group="Note">In ''[[Radiant Sakura]]'', Makoto confirms that her ideal is also eternity, that "Eternity extends time into infinity, dreams illuminate each moment within." Ei comments that Makoto's understanding of eternity is much more profound than her, leading to her "no longer pursuing an eternity defined by stasis." In ''[[Wishes (Quest)|Wishes]]'' in [[Chapter II]]: Act III - ''[[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]'', Yae Miko points out that Makoto "in each moment cherished the beauty of what was before her."</ref><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">According to Yae Miko in [[Wishes (Quest)|''Wishes'']], Makoto and Ei "won the Archon War together," whereas Treasured Tales indicates that Ei technically "lost" the Archon War by sacrificing her body so Makoto could ascend. Based on current prevailing in-universe sentiment that the Archon War had a "last man standing" rule, and lore about [[Boreas]] choosing death so he would not become the Anemo Archon, the wiki assumes Treasured Tales' account is correct.</ref>
** Makoto uses her new powers to recall Ei's divine will and reforge her body. Ei becomes her ''kagemusha'' (body double),<ref name="Treasured Tales 1" /><ref name="AQ2-3-8" /> and most people in Teyvat gain the impression that there was only one god, Baal (also referred to as the Narukami Ogosho, Raiden Shogun).<ref group="Note">While Baal is Makoto's Goetic name and Ei's is Beelzebul, Zhongli refers to Ei as "Baal" in ''[[The Fond Farewell]]'' and [[Venti]] and [[Zhongli]]'s Voice-Overs about Ei are both titled "About Baal." Given that they are aware of the distinction between Makoto and Ei, it is presumed that they continue to use Makoto's title for Ei out of respect for the twins' decision.</ref>
* '''>2000 years ago'''<ref group="Assumption" name="OroFlees">It is unclear when exactly Orobashi fled to the Dark Sea and later created Watatsumi Island, or when it was defeated. Orobashi peacefully lived under Baal's rule for a while, which means it was alive after Makoto ascended to Electro Archon, but it was stated to have died ''during'' the Archon War. This indicates that both Makoto's rise to Electro Archon ''and'' Orobashi's death occurred before the official end of the Archon War 2000 years ago.</ref> ― [[Orobashi]] flees from an unknown region to the nation of [[Byakuyakoku]], specifically [[The Serpent's Bowels]]. It stayed there for a while until a child from the underground nation found it and asked it to become their gods. Together they fought the Sunchild's reign and came out victorious,<ref name="Tokoyokoku" /><ref name="The Moon-Bathed Deep" /> after which it became known as "Orobashi no Mikoto" and the "Watatsumi Omikami" (Great God of the Oceans).<ref name="Jade Branch" />
** It is supposed that the ban placed by the Heavenly Principles must have been weakened to allow Orobashi to fall to Byakuyakoku.<ref name="3 Martial Trials" />
** Orobashi supposedly stayed with the people for a while before leading them back to the surface. It used its power to bolster the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] to have stronger light, and eliminate the threat of the [[Dragonheirs of the Depths]].<ref name="Tokoyokoku" /><ref name="PS2021-12-26" /> It also supervised the research of the Dragonheirs, now called [[Bathysmal Vishaps]].<ref name="BathVishap Records" />
** The Divine Priestess was chosen among the sea-daughters who collected pearls,<ref name="heal" /> and was likely the origin of the [[Sangonomiya Clan]]. Other clans like the [[Yuna Clan]] also originated from Enkanomiya.
** Orobashi had its people adapted to [[Narukami Island]]'s language and culture to be prepared for a new life above the sea.<ref name="BathVishap Records" />
** Orobashi creates [[Watatsumi Island]] out of the coral that grew from its body, allowing them to live above the surface once more as part of the Inazuma archipelago.<ref name="SangoChron" />
*** On the last day of Enkanomiya before the people relocated above the sea, envoys from [[Khaenri'ah]] along with a [[Ruin Guard]] came and stole the book [[Before Sun and Moon]], a book that Orobashi personally placed a ban. [[Antei]] fought them and prevented the loss of the book, but was also critical injured.<ref name="Antigonus" />
** Orobashi's people call this land Sangonomiya, and themselves the [[Sangonomiya Clan]]. They begin calling Byakuyakoku, "Enkanomiya," to contrast it with Sangonomiya.<ref name="The Moon-Bathed Deep" />
* '''>2000 years ago''' ― The [[Kitsune Saiguu]] is born in the Hakushin Lands.<ref name="NCotSK5" /><ref group="Assumption">Ei, Chiyo, the Kitsune Saiguu, and Sasayuri are depicted together in [https://youtu.be/ydPqFAEgHzs ''Character Teaser - "Raiden Shogun: Nightmare,"''] which indicates they were all alive before the war against Orobashi, during which Sasayuri lost his life.</ref>
** The Kitsune Saiguu and the [[bake-danuki]] [[Ioroi]] often compete with each other. One day, Saiguu decides to trick both Ioroi ''and'' Baal at the same time: she challenges Ioroi to pluck a [[Naku Weed]] from the [[Tenshukaku]] gardens. When Baal catches him in the act and nearly kills him for it, Saiguu comes to his rescue and persuades Baal into not only sparing him, but also putting him under her command as the Hidden Protector of the Grove, the protector of [[Chinju Forest]].<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /><ref name="Ioroi" />
* '''>2000 years ago'''<ref group="Assumption" name="OroFlees" /> ― After Watatsumi Island's infertile land leads to years of famine and disease, Orobashi reluctantly agrees to the Watatsumi people's plan to invade and conquer part of [[Yashiori Island]]. A brutal war erupts between Watatsumi and the Narukami Shogunate, led by [[Ei]], which ends with Orobashi slain and Watatsumi's major figures either dead or Missing in Action.<ref name="APSSFB" />
** Major figures on the Narukami side, not including Ei:
*** The Great [[Tengu]] [[Sasayuri]], Ei's lieutenant. He is slain during battle, likely against [[Akuou]], who had sought a "joyful" duel against him.
** Major figures on the Watatsumi side, not including Orobashi:
*** The shrine maiden [[Mouun]] was particularly skilled in the [[Yuna Clan]]'s whale-songs and employed the aid of a massive whale. She taught [[Akuou]] and was close to him. During the war, she and her whales were ambushed and killed by Sasayuri's subordinates, and their bodies were taken away by the Shogunate.<ref name="Life of Mouun" />
*** "Umigozen" [[Ayame]], Mouun's twin sister. She was the general of the Watatsumi navy, and disappeared in the midst of battle with her fate left unconfirmed.<ref name="Life of Mouun" />
*** The "Viceroy of the East" [[Akuou]], also known as Touzannou, was found as an orphan and taken in by Orobashi, and later trained under Mouun. He conquered one of the mountains on Yashiori Island, which the Watatsumi people called "Touzan" (Eastern Mountain), and built the [[Formation Estate]] on top of it. He was ultimately slain alongside Orobashi when Ei used her ultimate technique, [[Musou no Hitotachi]].<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East" /><ref name="Akuoumaru" /><ref name="Formation Estate" />
** Some believe that Orobashi participated in this war, despite oracles of its inevitable failure, due to an order from [[Celestia]].<ref name="APSSFB" />
*** It was revealed that since Orobashi had contacted with the people of Enkanomiya, both Orobashi and Watatsumi as a whole were found guilty of four counts of profanity and eight counts of deceiving living souls. Orobashi was allowed to take all of their transgressions on itself and sacrifice itself so its people would be spared and taken under the rule of Celestia once again.<ref name="SubterraTrials" />
* The [[Tatarigami]] supposedly spawned after the death of Orobashi in [[Yashiori Island]]. [[Ei]] created wards called [[Narukami Pillar]] to suppress the soul of Orobashi, hence subduing the Tatarigami, while the Yashiori Guardians led by the Kitain Clan also took up the mantle of suppressing the Tatarigami.<ref name="Teyvat Travel Guide 3"/><ref name="Orobashi's Legacy: Part V"/><ref name="Kitain Cross Spear"/>
* A ritual involving the worship of both the Raiden Shogun and [[Orobashi]] is developed. This ritual must be performed before starting any other ritual. The Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual is also developed at some point, presumably after the aforementioned ritual.<ref name="Cleansing Summary" />
** The [[Thunder Sakura]] are planted across [[Narukami Island]], using branches of the Sacred Sakura and parts of the Electro Archon's own spirit, to absorb filth from the land.<ref name="Cleansing Summary" /><ref name="A Strange Story in Konda" /><ref name="Sakura Arborism" />

==Post-Archon War==
<noinclude>''2000–500 years ago''

* '''-2000 years ago''' ― The Archon War comes to an end as the final divine seat in Celestia is claimed, cementing the positions of [[The Seven]]'s original members.<ref name="Equilibrium" /><ref name="Zhongli 5" /> Defeated gods who refused to live under The Seven's rule fled to islands in the [[Dark Sea]], where they became evil gods.<ref name="Bit of Aerosiderite" /></noinclude>
* '''>1500 years ago'''<ref group="Note">It is mentioned that [[Kapatcir|Thunderbird]] wreaked havoc on Seirai Island 1000 years before the [[Cataclysm|Khaenri'ah cataclysm]] 500 years ago.</ref> ― [[Ruu]] is born among the people of Tsurumi Island and makes preparations to participate in the rituals to the Thunderbird. While practicing his singing, the Thunderbird overhears him and is captivated by the sound of his song. Ruu attempted to befriend the god and give her the name "Kanna Kapatcir," as the Thunderbird had forgotten her own name. They promised to meet each other again in the future.<ref name="SunwheelKanna" />
** However, as the situation on the island worsened and many islanders left only to never return &mdash; which people took as a sign that they had died, when in actuality they had settled onto the other islands of Inazuma &mdash; Ruu volunteered to be sacrificed, believing this would please the Thunderbird and bring the missing people back. Instead, she becomes enraged upon witnessing his death, viewing his sacrifice as the killing of innocents and a promise broken, and retaliates by destroying the area and killing the entire tribe. To hear Ruu's singing again, she uses her powers to cause a ley line disorder, resulting in the entire island continuously reliving its day of destruction.<ref name="SunwheelKanna" /><ref name="TF" />Afterward, the Thunderbird flies over to [[Seirai Island]].<ref name="SunwheelKanna" />
** Sometime after arriving at Seirai Island, [[Kanna Kapatcir]] was hunted down and killed as a "monster"<ref name="TF" /> by [[Ei]], who viewed the Thunderbird as an "obstacle to progress."<ref name="Promise of a People's Dream" /> The remnants of her power were sealed at [[Asase Shrine]], where they formed a coagulation of regret known as the [[Thunder Manifestation]].<ref name="Seirai Stormchasers: Part I" /> Wards are set up across the island, including one at [[Asase Shrine]], to keep the Thunderbird's power at bay.<ref name="SunwheelKanna" /><ref name="Seirai Stormchasers" />

* '''? years ago''' ― The unnamed author of [[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune]] is born in the Hakushin Lands.<ref name="NCotSK0" /><ref name="THotDaFoR" group="Assumption">In ''[[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune: Prologue]]'', the chief editor (Yae) tells the author "'I wasn't even born yet when she left,'" to which the author writes, "And I was still in my youth back then." Based on ''[[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune (V)]]'', "she" refers the Kitsune Saiguu and the place she left was the Hakushin Lands.</ref>

* '''? years ago''' ― The Kitsune Saiguu moves from the Hakushin Lands to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]].<ref name="NCotSK5" />
** At some point in time, the Kitsune Saiguu defeats the Great Tengu in a race, and the Great Tengu becomes her bodyguard thereafter.<ref name="Hakushin Ring" />

==Pre-Cataclysm==
''>500 years ago''

* '''>530 years ago''' ― A samurai named [[Yanagibashi Takuto]] accidentally stumbles into the [[Mikawa Flower Festival|Mikawa Flower Festival.]] <ref name="Akitsu Haneasobi" />
* The kitsune [[Yae Miko]] is born in the Hakushin Lands.<ref name="THotDaFoR" group="Assumption" /> She eventually moves to Grand Narukami Shrine out of admiration for the Kitsune Saiguu.<ref name="NCotSK5" />
* Ei and Makoto attended the Mikawa Flower Festival, as did Kitsune Saiguu and Yae Miko.<ref name="Test of Courage EQ" /><ref name="The Currents of Life" />
* [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]] is adopted into the [[Mikoshi Clan]] by the oni [[Mikoshi Chiyo]].<ref name="Katsuragikiri" />
* [[Asase Hibiki]] moves from the [[Asase Shrine]] to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] to receive training.<ref name="ShiRem" />
** Asase Hibiki, Mikoshi Nagamasa, and [[Kamuna Harunosuke]] receive training from the [[Yougou Tengu]] and thereafter become known as "[[The Yougou Three]]."<ref name="Narukami Trail" /> Hibiki learns "true magic" from the Tengu.<ref name="Hamayumi" />
* [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] challenges the Great Tengu to a duel, which ends in a tie. In exchange for the Tengu's bow, [[Thundering Pulse]], Takamine becomes her servant for several years and resides in the Grand Narukami Shrine. He learns some of their archery and swordsmanship and becomes a renowned swordsman himself.<ref name="ThunPulse" /> Feeling that his archery skills were going to waste, he teaches Hibiki his techniques.<ref name="ShiRem" /><ref name="emblem of severed fate" />
* The [[kitsune]] [[Urakusai]] writes the original [[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune|''Chronicles of the Six Kitsune'']].<ref name="NCotSK0" />
* [[Urakusai]] does something that greatly angers the [[Kitsune Saiguu]], leading her to banish him. What he did is no longer clear, but it may relate to the Abyss' invasion of Teyvat during the cataclysm.<ref name="NCotSK5" />
** After Urakusai's banishment, the Kitsune Saiguu moves from the Grand Narukami Shrine to [[Tenshukaku]] in preparation for the Abyss' attack.<ref name="NCotSK5" />

==Cataclysm==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Cataclysm}}
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|cataclysmstart}}</noinclude>
* [[Kujou Shigeyori]] built the fortress and established the [[Kujou Encampment]] on the battlefield front in Kannazuka.<ref name="Kannazuka" />
* [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] and [[Mikoshi Chiyo]] are among those who campaigned alongside [[Ei]] (acting as the Raiden Shogun) against the dark forces that emerged during the cataclysm.<ref name="ShiRem" /><ref name="emblem of severed fate" />
** Takamine is eventually overwhelmed by the monsters and disappears, despite his determination to return to [[Asase Hibiki]]'s side.<ref name="Mistsplitter Reforged" />
** Chiyo is swallowed whole by a "beast of sin" with a tiger's body and a snake's head. Though she manages to tear the beast apart from the inside out, she is stained by its deep sin.<ref name="Mask of the Kijin" />
* Chiyo turns her blade on Ei, only to be defeated and driven away. This betrayal tarnishes the Mikoshi Clan's reputation.<ref name="Mask of the Kijin" />
** Over time, the tale of "Chiyo the Tiger-Bite" would evolve into that of Torachiyo, a male lieutenant of Baal's.<ref name="maskonehorned" /><ref name="Mask of the Wicked Lieutenant" /><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">[[Mask of the Kijin]] reveals that the preceding materials in its series regarding Torachiyo were all distortions of Chiyo's story. Torachiyo did not actually exist.</ref>
* The [[Kitsune Saiguu]] is consumed by the dark forces and most of her memories are dissolved into filth.<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /> The uncorrupted remains of her memories eventually manifest as [[Hanachirusato]].<ref name="Yougou Cleansing" />
* '''During Khaenri'ah's destruction''' ― [[Makoto]] leaves Ei behind to defend Inazuma, and Makoto alone goes to Khaenri'ah, where she is slain.
** When Ei arrives to Khaenri'ah, she finds Makoto dying in her arms. She enters Makoto's mind and hears Makoto's last words. Ei decides to save Makoto's realm of consciousness and bring it back to Inazuma.<ref name="Promise of a People's Dream" /><ref name="RadiantSakura" />
* When Ei returns to Inazuma, she finds that the [[Sacred Sakura]] miraculously appears at the top of [[Mt. Yougou]], although according to everyone else, the Sacred Sakura has existed for ages. Ei eventually accepts that the tree is the result of the miracle surrounding Makoto's consciousness while also surmising its sudden growth was the work of [[Istaroth]], one of the [[Four Shades]].<ref name="Cleansing Light" />
** The Sacred Sakura's power help Ei to overcome the monsters and quell the disaster in Inazuma.<ref name="Cleansing Light" />

==Post-Cataclysm==
<noinclude>''500–100 years ago''</noinclude>

* '''After the cataclysm''' ― [[Ei]] officially takes up the position of Electro Archon after [[Makoto]]'s death. As she was Makoto's ''kagemusha'' and adopted Makoto's titles as her own, most are unaware of the original Archon's death.<ref name="Wishes (Quest)"/><ref name="Raiden Shogun|4"/>
** Disillusioned with Celestia after witnessing the events at Khaenri'ah,<ref name="AQ2-3-8"/><ref name="Wishes (Quest)"/> and in her grief on the losses she sustained over the course of the cataclysm, Ei decides to attain "eternity" by creating a puppet in her likeness. She first experiments with the technology and creates her first prototype, which takes the form of [[The Balladeer|a young male vessel]].<ref name="Wishes (Quest)" /> After seeing him shed tears after his creation, Ei decides he is too delicate to handle the [[Gnosis]] and instead seals his powers and leaves him to live his own life. Now armed with the knowledge of how to create puppets, she makes several other failed products, before abandoning her quest to create a new vessel to house the Gnosis entirely.<ref name="HuskDreams"/>
** Ei establishes the [[Tri-Commission]], composed of the [[Tenryou Commission]], the [[Kanjou Commission]], and the [[Yashiro Commission]], which oversee all matters in Inazuma.
** [[Hiiragi Hiroshi]] of the Kanjou Commission built the prosperous [[Ritou|Ritou port]].<ref name="Ritou" />
** [[Alice]] visits Inazuma, where she meets the young girl in charge of the Grand Narukami Shrine, Yae Miko.<ref name="Teyvat Travel Guide 3" />
** [[The Yougou Three]] part ways, never to reunite:<ref name="Narukami Trail" />
*** [[Asase Hibiki]] returns to the [[Asase Shrine]] on [[Seirai Island]]. She eventually becomes involved in [[Ako Domeki]]'s rebellion against the [[Inazuma Shogunate]] (continue reading below for details).
*** [[Kamuna Harunosuke]] leaves for [[Liyue]] to pursue the "more powerful 'way of the [[adepti]].'"<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /><ref name="Narukami Trail" />
*** [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]], to restore the name of the [[Mikoshi Clan]] after [[Mikoshi Chiyo]] turned her blade on Ei, joins the Shogunate and becomes an Inspector at Tatarasuna.<ref name="Katsuragikiri" /><ref name="ShiRem" />
** [[Mikoshi Michihiro]], Chiyo's biological son, goes into seclusion in the forests near [[Konda Village]] out of shame over his mother's actions.<ref name="emblem of severed fate" />
** The Great Tengu, enraged at her own inability to protect the Kitsune Saiguu, departs from the mortal realm and leaves behind her daughter, [[Teruyo]].<ref name="ShiRem" />
* '''? years ago''' ― Michihiro meets Teruyo when she finds him in the forest. She bestows him with the name "Iwakura," and he is thereafter known as "Iwakura Michihiro."<ref name="emblem of severed fate" />
** '''13 years later''' ― During their tenth duel, Michihiro finally catches Teruyo. Teruyo gives him the title "Tengu Victor" and decides to disappear from his life to focus on her responsibilities to her clan.<ref name="emblem of severed fate" />
* '''? years ago''' ― [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] somehow emerges from [[the Abyss]] after disappearing from Teyvat for many years. He encounters Asase Hibiki, whom he still recognizes, but she immediately kills him.<ref name="ThunPulse" />
* '''? years ago''' ― The pirate [[Ako Domeki Zaemon]] of [[Seirai Island]] leads a rebellion against the Shogunate. Hibiki, who is reminded of Takamine when she sees him, decides to assist his cause and later uses the magic she learned from the Tengu to release the seals over Seirai Island. This releases the lingering hatred of the [[Thunderbird]],<ref name="Hamayumi" /> whose power &mdash; manifesting as a massive Electro storm at the center of the island &mdash; fragmented Seirai island and swept both the Shogunate and Ako Domeki's ships far from the island.
** The Shogunate evacuates the people of Seirai Island and moves them to Narukami Island. Although the area immediately surrounding Asase Shrine is unaffected by the Thunderbird's hatred, the shrine is left abandoned save for [[Neko]] and the other cats residing there.
** Iwakura Michihiro develops the Iwakura Art sword style and becomes the sword instructor for the [[Kujou Clan]], receiving the title "Douin."<ref name="emblem of severed fate" /><ref name="Amenoma Kageuchi" /><ref group="Assumption">Because Hiiragi Hiroshi claims Michihiro could rival Ako Domeki with his swordsmanship skills, this implies that Ako Domeki had already grown powerful and influential by the time Michihiro became the Kujou sword instructor.</ref>
*** After Michihiro develops the Tengu Sweeper techniques, Ei creates a series of [[Maguu Kenki]] puppets as failed prototypes, specifically modeled after Michihiro's fighting style and memories, as part of her quest to create a perfect puppet.<ref name="Maguu Kenki" /><ref group="Assumption">The [[Maguu Kengou]] is an emissary that fights in Ei’s name, so it’s logical to assume she created it. Given the similarity between the Maguu Kengou and the Maguu Kenki, it’s likely that Ei also created the latter. The Maguu Kenki was designed using the sword techniques of [[Iwakura Michihiro]], the son of the oni Mikoshi Chiyo, who was a close friend of Ei. This doesn’t mean that Michihiro was its creator, but rather that it was Ei’s attempt to preserve her friend’s legacy and strengthen Inazuma.</ref>
* '''? years ago, after the creation of Maguu Kenki''' ― Ako Domeki defeats a Maguu Kenki doll and steals it for himself.<ref name="The Catch" /> The ship carrying it, however, somehow gets lost and becomes shipwrecked on the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]].<ref name="Strangers in a Strange Boat" /> While the sailors eventually manage to escape the archipelago alongside the original islanders, the puppet is left behind.
* '''? years ago''' ― [[Ioroi]], having been tricked by the Kitsune Saiguu into staying away from the conflicts of the cataclysm, believes her to still be playing hide-and-seek. Unable to get her to show herself, however, he begins breaking the kitsune statues around [[Narukami Island]] and in one, finds an important-looking comb and steals it. The Shogunate learns of Ioroi's antics and dispatches Harunosuke, who had returned to Inazuma, to deal with Ioroi. Harunosuke seals Ioroi and many of the bake-danuki into stone statues.<ref name="Ioroi" /><ref name="Sacrificial Offering" />
** Sometime later, Harunosuke performs a Minor Cleansing with the help of [[Hanachirusato]].<ref name="Sacrificial Offering" />

* '''~400 years ago''' ― Ei ultimately creates a puppet known simply as "[[the Shogun]]," intended to rule Inazuma based on the guidelines for "eternity" she had set. After giving the Shogun the relevant information about herself, Ei discards her physical form to enter the [[Plane of Euthymia]], in which she will meditate for all eternity to stave off [[erosion]].<ref name="The Servant's Path" /><ref name="Raiden Shogun 2" /> Before entering the Plane of Euthymia, she gives her Gnosis to [[Yae Miko]].<ref name="Wishes (Quest)" /><!--
<ref group="Note">In [[The Servant's Path]], Yae Miko says that Ei never said goodbye to Miko before entering the Plane of Euthymia. In [[The Omnipresent God]], Yae Miko states that Ei has been in the Plane of Euthymia for centuries. This places the handing of the Gnosis to Yae Miko several centuries ago.</ref>
-->

* '''~400 years ago''' ― Ei's first prototype puppet awakens in [[Shakkei Pavilion]], having no name for himself and only a feather as proof of his connection to the Raiden Shogun.<ref name="Inversion of Genesis" /> He is found by Mikoshi Nagamasa's yoriki, [[Katsuragi]], and joins the group consisting of Armory Officer [[Niwa Hisahide]], Inspector [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]], Katsuragi, [[Kinjiro]], [[Nozomu]], and Vice Armory Officer [[Miyazaki]] in [[Tatarasuna]].<ref name="HuskDreams" /> Others in the group refer to him as the "Kabukimono" (Japanese: 傾奇者 meaning "wandering eccentric").
** The Kabukimono is well received by the people of Tatarasuna, teaching him various skills, including forging swords. He becomes good friends with the people of Tatarasuna.
**Nagamasa forges his crowning achievement, the Daitatara Nagamasa. In their joy, Nozomu makes a painting of the nagamaki while Katsuragi and Kabukimono perform a sword dance.<ref name="RAN">Interactable: [[Rather Aged Notes]]</ref>
** A Fontaine mechanic, [[Il Dottore|Escher]], comes to Tatarasuna to collaborate. He implements some technologies to the Mikage Furnace, but this ended up releasing dangerous Tataragami and poisoning the people of Tatarasuna, and caused the Mikage Furnace to spew lethal doses of Tatarigami.<ref name="Inversion of Genesis" /><ref name="Tatara Tales (Quest)" />
**Niwa sends people to Inazuma City for aid from the Shogunate, but none of them returns. Then Kabukimono is sent to Inazuma City for aid, but is rejected by the Shogunate because earlier in the same year, Ei's [[The Shogun|Shogun]] has activated and she has entered the [[Plane of Euthymia]]. Then Kabukimono asks for help to [[Yae Miko]], who does send aid to Tatarasuna, but they were all shipwrecked. Kabukimono is unaware of this, and considered that the Shogunate had abandoned Tatarasuna.<ref name="Plume of Luxury" />
**Meanwhile, Niwa confronts Escher, who then murders Niwa and reveals himself to be [[Il Dottore]].<ref name="Inversion of Genesis" /> He then, as Escher, lies to the people of Tatarasuna, claiming that Niwa fled Tatarasuna. When Kabukimono returns empty-handed, Escher told him that he has been tasked to disable the furnace, giving him a device to help absorb the miasma. After Kabukimono successfully disables the furnace, Escher reveals that inside the device was "a heart that Niwa took from the chest of one of his men," but in truth, Dottore had taken Niwa's heart and placed it into the device. Kabukimono, horrified of this, grows disdain for Niwa and humans, and leaves Tatarasuna.
**With Niwa's disappearance, Nagamasa, the second-in-command, becomes responsible of the events in Tatarasuna. Katsuragi is willing to face capital punishment in place of his master, and thus Nagamasa cleaves Katsuragi with the Daitatara Nagamasa before throwing the blade into the furnace.
**Nozomu throws himself into the furnace to save the blade but later dies from the wounds he sustained; Kinjiro afterwards hides the remains of the blade as well as Nozumu's painting in [[the Arsenal]].<ref name="RAN" /> Both Nagamasa himself and the Daitatara Nagamasa are thereon known as the [[Katsuragikiri Nagamasa]] (Katsuragi-Slashing Nagamasa).
**After Kabukimono leaves Tatarasuna, he encountered a [[Child|sickly child]] who is affected by the Tatarigami, his parents, likely workers of Tatarasuna, died of the same cause. Kabukimono and the child makes a promise to stay together forever.<ref name="The Kabukimono's Finale" /> But the child dies young due to the Tatarigami. Kabukimono enraged by this, burned the child's house down.<ref name="Wanderer: Ashes" /> His hatred towards gods and humans grows further.
** After the events above, during his wanderings in Inazuma, Kabukimono names himself {{Lang|Kunikuzushi|ja=国崩|ja_lit=Country Destroyer}}.
***As a result of Scaramouche removing all information about himself from the Irminsul in [[Inversion of Genesis]], various aspects of the Tatarasuna incident and the fall of the Raiden Gokaden are vastly altered. All instances of Kabukimono or Kunikuzushi are entirely removed from history, and is replaced by entirely new characters. Dottore still caused the incident, but there is a "brave swordsmith" of the Hyakume Clan who rushed to the scene. He and Niwa both sacrificed themselves to disable the furnace, but neither of them survived.<ref name="A Dance of Destruction" />
* At some point, the Sacred Sakura takes on the shape of a kitsune head<ref name="Promise of a People's Dream" /> as a result of the kitsune's care for the Sacred Sakura.<ref name="RadiantSakura" /><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">Although Yae Miko claims that she pruned the tree and shaped it like a Kitsune, she immediately clarifies that it was a joke. Therefore, it is also likely that the tree changed shape after the spirit of [[Raiden Shogun/Voice-Overs|Makoto became it]].</ref>

==Recent Past==
''<100 years ago''
* '''~100 years ago''' ― To enact his revenge against the "bladesmith," [[Kunikuzushi]] masterminds the fall of the [[Raiden Gokaden]], eradicating three of the five schools before losing interest in and abandoning his project.<ref name="HuskDreams"/><ref name="Yae Miko 5"/> His revenge involved instigating a famous swordsmith, [[Akame Kanenaga]], to betray Inazuma;<ref name="More About Kamisato Ayaka: III"/><ref name="Kagotsurube Isshin"/> because swordsmithing and the Raiden Gokaden are viewed as a cultural institution, they were under the jurisdiction of the [[Yashiro Commission]]. As a result, their inability to prevent the situation dealt a large blow to the [[Kamisato Clan]].<ref name="More About Kamisato Ayaka: II"/>
** Yae Miko, predicting that the Kamisato Clan would play a major role in Inazuma's future events, intervened in the Kamisato Clan's judgement before the Raiden Shogun and spared them from punishment.<ref name="Yae Miko 5"/>
** The [[Kaedehara Clan]]'s head at that time, [[Kaedehara Yoshinori]], stops doing the smithing due to the fearful of Scaramouche's claim.<ref name="The Palace, Dyed in Black"/> His son [[Hisamichi]] attempts to revive the Isshin Art, but to no avail.<ref name="As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)"/> Eventually, the Kaedehara Clan's fortune keeps regressing, and when Yoshinori's great-grandson, [[Kazuha]], becomes the head, the clan has collapsed.<ref name="Kaedehara Kazuha 2"/><ref name="About Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai Nobility"/>
**As a result of Scaramouche removing all information about himself from the Irminsul in [[Inversion of Genesis]], various aspects of the Tatarasuna incident and the fall of the Raiden Gokaden are vastly altered. All instances of Kabukimono or Kunikuzushi are entirely removed from history, and is replaced by entirely new characters. From Kunikuzushi being the one who masterminds the fall of the Raiden Gokaden, instead, a descendant of the "brave swordsmith" of the Hyakume clan is the one who masterminds it. When the descendant got to the Kamisato and Kaedehara clans, they retaliated, and killed the descendant.<ref name="A Dance of Destruction"/>
*'''30 years ago''' ― [[Tejima]] arrives in [[Konda Village]] and settles there, using his vision to protect the villagers from both internal and external threats.<ref name="The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting"/>
<!--*'''Several years ago''' ― Experts from [[Fontaine]] are brought to [[Tatarasuna]] to construct the [[Mikage Furnace]], harnessing the energy of the [[Tatarigami]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Tatara Tales (Quest)}}</ref>
* '''Several years ago''' ― The [[Kaedehara Clan]] collapsed when [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] was the young master of the house.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaedehara Kazuha|2}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaedehara Kazuha|About Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai Nobility}}</ref>
-->
*'''10 years ago''' ― [[Thoma]] gains his Vision when, after being advised by [[Kamisato Ayato]] to leave on account of the [[Yashiro Commission]]'s succession crisis, he nonetheless chooses to continue serving the [[Kamisato Clan]].<ref name="Thoma Vision"/>
* '''1 year ago''' ― With the Fatui pulling the strings and manipulating the [[Tenryou Commission]] and [[Kanjou Commission]],<ref name="Delusion (Quest)"/><ref name="Duel Before the Throne"/> [[the Shogun]] suddenly institutes the [[Sakoku Decree]] to shut [[Inazuma]]'s borders and the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] &mdash; an order to seize all Visions within its borders.<ref name="TFFW"/> Furthermore, since then, no new Electro Visions are known to have appeared, though preexisting Visions can still be used.<ref name="Endless Research"/> While [[Ei]] is aware that the Fatui are behind this, she does not deem them a threat towards Eternity and does not intervene.
** The construction of the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]] begins.<ref name="Three Wishes" />
** The [[Sangonomiya Resistance]] is formed to resist the Vision Hunt Decree. Since then, the Shogunate Army and the Sangonomiya Resistance have been at war, which has halted to a stalemate.
** An [[Kazuha's Friend|individual]] protested against the Vision Hunt Decree by declaring a [[Inazuma/Culture#Duels|duel before the throne]]. However, he lost to [[Kujou Sara]] and was promptly executed by the Shogun, but not before his Vision was seized by [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] who flees Inazuma after being branded a criminal.<ref name="Follow the Wind"/>
** The wards which suppressed Orobashi were destroyed by Orobashi fanatics with the help of [[Nathan]], a [[Fatui]] agent who infiltrated the [[Watatsumi Army]].<ref name="Waterlogged Note at Serpent's Head"/> This led to the Tatarigami spreading again.<ref name="Orobashi's Legacy: Prologue"/>
** During the heat of the civil war, the [[Mikage Furnace]] began to malfunction, forcing [[Xavier]] to erect a safety dome to contain the [[Tatarigami]]. Production at [[Tatarasuna]] comes to a halt, and the evacuation order for the armory was issued.<ref name="Tatara Tales (Quest)"/>
** [[Chiori]], an aspiring seamstress, departs Inazuma for [[Fontaine]] in a hurry.<ref name="The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence"/><ref name="Chiori CS2"/>

==Present==
* The [[Vision Hunt Decree]] is abolished due to the joint efforts of the [[Traveler]], [[Yae Miko]], and the [[Watatsumi Army]].<ref name="Chapter II"/>
** [[La Signora]], the Eighth of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers, loses the duel against the Traveler, and is executed by the Raiden Shogun.<ref name="Omnipresence Over Mortals"/>
**A ceasefire between the [[Tenryou Commission]] and [[Watatsumi Army]] is agreed upon by [[Kujou Sara]] and [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]], with the Traveler bearing witness to the signings.<ref name="New Beginning"/>
** The events of [[Transient Dreams]] takes place. The [[Sacred Sakura]] is planted and transferred to the past, [[Ei]] and [[The Shogun]] agreed on the new term of Eternity, and the [[Sakoku Decree]] was lifted.
* Along with [[Hanachirusato]], the Traveler performs the latest [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]] at [[Narukami Island]].<ref name="Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual"/>
* Along with [[Xavier]], the Traveler resolves the incident at [[Tatarasuna]], regulates the [[Tatarigami]], and brings [[Mikage Furnace]] to function normally.<ref name="Tatara Tales"/>
* Following [[Kaji]]'s instruction, the Traveler fixes numerous wards that were destroyed earlier, thus resolving the [[Tatarigami]] lingering in [[Yashiori Island]].<ref name="Orobashi's Legacy"/>
* The Traveler helps reseal the [[Thunder Manifestation]] in [[Seirai Island]], bringing the end to the storm and [[Balethunder]] ravaging the island.<ref name="Seirai Stormchasers"/>
** After that, the Traveler investigates and discovers the truth of the fog in [[Tsurumi Island]]. They help the spirit of [[Ruu]] to fulfill the promise with [[Kanna Kapatcir]], and the spirit of the Thunderbird lifts the curse and fog of Tsurumi Island.<ref name="SunwheelKanna"/>
* Through the request of [[Tsuyuko]], the Traveler is promoted as Watatsumi's hero to dive into [[Enkanomiya]] to retrieve [[Bloodbranch Coral]] which helps to stave off the spread of the Holy Soil.<ref name="The Moon-Bathed Deep"/><ref name="The Still Water's Flow"/><ref name="From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku"/>
** The retrieval of the Bloodbranch Coral triggers the awaken of the Sangacorallia, Orobashi's second familiars. The Sangacorallia are creatures that break down raw, primitive elemental energy into the milder elemental energy of the human realm.<ref name="Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve"/>
** However, this time the [[Abyss Order]] cooperated with the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]], with the Bathysmal Vishaps gaining forces to rescue their imprisoned companions which were used the produce the branch while the Abyss achieve safe passages through Enkanomiya. The relationship collapses soon enough, but the damages are done. The Abyssal energy hinders the effectiveness of this Sangacorallia's awakening cycle, and seemingly there will be no Bloodbranch Coral for subsequent [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]].<ref name="Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve"/><ref name="Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath"/>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1|refs=<!--
--><ref group="Note" name="Archon War start">Occurred at some point before the destruction of [[Guili Assembly]] 3700 years.</ref><!--
--><ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails">All Celestial Nails are implied to have been cast down simultaneously after the Heavenly Principles won the great war of vengeance. Therefore, this takes place at the same time as the creation of [[The Chasm]], which happened 6000 years ago.</ref><!--
-->}}

===Lore Discrepancies===
{{Reflist|group=Lore Discrepancy|refs=<!--
-->}}

===Translation Notes===
{{Reflist|group=Translation Note|refs=<!--
-->}}

===Editors' Assumptions===
{{Reflist|group=Assumption|refs=<!--
-->}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2|refs=<!--
<!--Mainpage transclusion refs-->
--><ref name="BAF1">{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1|Ballad Selection Excerpt}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Bit of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Chunk of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Chunk of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Cleansing Light">{{Quest|Cleansing Light}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Divine Body from Guyun">{{Ref/Item|Divine Body from Guyun}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Equilibrium">{{Ref/Quest|Equilibrium}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Official Site">Genshin Impact Official Site: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/map Teyvat]<br>''However, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...''</ref><!--
--><ref name="Promise of a People's Dream">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/hQ5GEOlwLUQ Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream]</ref><!--
--><ref name="That Which Rises From the Sea">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|That Which Rises From the Sea}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TLTF">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 1)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Snowy">{{Ref/Quest|The Snowy Past}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Zhongli 5">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5}}</ref><!--

<!--Sorting these later-->
--><ref name="Before Sun and Moon">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="SubterraTrials">{{Ref/Quest|The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="3 Martial Trials">{{Ref/Quest|The Three Great Martial Trials}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tokoyokoku">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|1|The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Lotus">{{Ref/Quest|Lotus Eater}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Hyperion">{{Ref/Quest|Hyperion's Dirge (Quest)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="SandCourt">{{Ref/Domain|Court of Flowing Sand}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ViolCourt">{{Ref/Domain|Violet Court}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="SangoChron">{{Ref/Book|Sangonomiya Chronicles}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="SunwheelKanna">{{Ref/Quest|The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Treasured Tales 1">{{Ref/Book|Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi|1}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="AQ2-3-8">{{Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Moon-Bathed Deep">{{Ref/Quest|The Moon-Bathed Deep}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Jade Branch">{{Ref/Item|Jade Branch of a Distant Sea}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="BathVishap Records">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="PS2021-12-26">PlayStation Blog: [https://blog.playstation.com/2021/12/26/genshin-impact-version-2-4-brings-grand-celebrations-and-a-mysterious-new-area-to-teyvat/ Genshin Impact version 2.4 brings grand celebrations and a mysterious new area to Teyvat]</ref><!--
--><ref name="heal">{{Ref/Arti|Deep Palace's Plume}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Antigonus">{{Ref/Quest|Antigonus}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="NCotSK5">{{Ref/Book|New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Hakushin Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Ioroi">{{Ref/NPC|Ioroi}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="RadiantSakura">{{Ref/Quest|Radiant Sakura}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Cleansing Summary">{{Ref/Book|Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="A Strange Story in Konda">{{Ref/Quest|A Strange Story in Konda}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Sakura Arborism">{{Ref/Quest|Sakura Arborism}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="APSSFB">{{Ref/Book|A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Life of Mouun">{{Ref/Book|The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East">{{Ref/Book|Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Akuoumaru">{{Ref/Weapon|Akuoumaru}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Formation Estate">{{Ref/Domain|Formation Estate}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Teyvat Travel Guide 3">{{Ref/Book|Teyvat Travel Guide|3}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Orobashi's Legacy: Part V">{{Ref/Quest|Orobashi's Legacy: Part V}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kitain Cross Spear">{{Ref/Weapon|Kitain Cross Spear}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TF">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Thundering Fury}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Seirai Stormchasers: Part I">{{Ref/Quest|Seirai Stormchasers: Part I}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="NCotSK0">{{Ref/Book|New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune|1|Prologue}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Katsuragikiri">{{Ref/Weapon|Katsuragikiri Nagamasa}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ShiRem">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Narukami Trail">{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Hamayumi">{{Ref/Weapon|Hamayumi}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ThunPulse">{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="emblem of severed fate">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Emblem of Severed Fate}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="maskonehorned">{{Ref/Item|Mask of the One-Horned}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Mistsplitter Reforged">{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Mask of the Kijin">{{Ref/Item|Mask of the Kijin}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Mask of the Wicked Lieutenant">{{Ref/Item|Mask of the Wicked Lieutenant}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Yougou Cleansing">{{Ref/Quest|Yougou Cleansing}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Wishes (Quest)">{{Ref/Quest|Wishes (Quest)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Raiden Shogun|4">{{Ref/CS|Raiden Shogun|4}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="HuskDreams">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Husk of Opulent Dreams}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Servant's Path">{{Ref/Quest|The Servant's Path}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Raiden Shogun 2">{{Ref/CS|Raiden Shogun|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Amenoma Kageuchi">{{Ref/Weapon|Amenoma Kageuchi}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Maguu Kenki">{{Ref/Enemy|Maguu Kenki}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Catch">{{Ref/Weapon|"The Catch"}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Sacrificial Offering">{{Ref/Quest|Sacrificial Offering}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Inversion of Genesis">{{Ref/Quest|Inversion of Genesis}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tatara Tales (Quest)">{{Ref/Quest|Tatara Tales (Quest)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Yae Miko 5">{{Ref/CS|Yae Miko|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Plume of Luxury">{{Ref/Arti|Plume of Luxury}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Kabukimono's Finale">{{Ref/Quest|The Kabukimono's Finale}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Wanderer: Ashes">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/AR2n2TsJuNE Character Teaser - "Wanderer: Ashes"]</ref><!--
--><ref name="A Dance of Destruction">{{Ref/Quest|A Dance of Destruction}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="More About Kamisato Ayaka: III">{{Ref/VO|Kamisato Ayaka|More About Kamisato Ayaka: III}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="More About Kamisato Ayaka: II">{{Ref/VO|Kamisato Ayaka|More About Kamisato Ayaka: II}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Palace, Dyed in Black">{{Ref/Quest|The Palace, Dyed in Black}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kagotsurube Isshin">{{Ref/Weapon|Kagotsurube Isshin}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)">{{Ref/Quest|As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kaedehara Kazuha 2">{{Ref/CS|Kaedehara Kazuha|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="About Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai Nobility">{{Ref/CS|Kaedehara Kazuha|About Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai Nobility}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting">{{Ref/Quest|The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Delusion (Quest)">{{Ref/Quest|Delusion (Quest)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Duel Before the Throne">{{Ref/Quest|Duel Before the Throne}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TFFW">{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Endless Research">{{Ref/Quest|Endless Research}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Orobashi's Legacy: Prologue">{{Ref/Quest|Orobashi's Legacy: Prologue}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Waterlogged Note at Serpent's Head">Interactible: [[Serpent's Head#Waterlogged Note|Waterlogged Note at Serpent's Head]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Thoma Vision">{{Ref/CS|Thoma|Vision}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Follow the Wind">{{Ref/Quest|Follow the Wind}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence">{{Ref/Quest|The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Chiori CS2">{{Ref/CS|Chiori|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Seirai Stormchasers">{{Ref/Quest|Seirai Stormchasers}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Yae Miko 4">{{Ref/CS|Yae Miko|4}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Raiden Shogun CD">{{Ref/CS|Raiden Shogun|Character Details}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Test of Courage EQ">{{Ref/Quest|Test of Courage (Event Quest)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Currents of Life>{{Ref/Quest|The Currents of Life}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Akitsu Haneasobi">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/CTWxnQawAqE Akitsu Haneasobi]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kannazuka">{{Ref/VP|Front Line, Kannazuka}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Three Wishes">{{Ref/Quest|Three Wishes}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Ritou">{{Ref/VP|Ritou, Narukami Island}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Strangers in a Strange Boat">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, II: [[Echoing Tales/Story#II: Strangers in a Strange Boat|Strangers in a Strange Boat]]</ref><!-

<!--Subpage exclusive refs-->
--><ref name="Chapter II">{{Ref/Quest|Chapter II}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Omnipresence Over Mortals">{{Ref/Quest|Omnipresence Over Mortals}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="New Beginning">{{Ref/Quest|New Beginning}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual">{{Ref/Quest|Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tatara Tales">{{Ref/Quest|Tatara Tales}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Orobashi's Legacy">{{Ref/Quest|Orobashi's Legacy}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Still Water's Flow">{{Ref/Quest|The Still Water's Flow}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku">{{Ref/Quest|From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath}}</ref><!--
-->}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[es:Historia de Inazuma]]
[[fr:Inazuma/Histoire]]
[[ja:稲妻/歴史]]
[[pt-br:Inazuma/História]]
[[uk:Інадзума/Історія]]
[[vi:Inazuma/Lịch Sử]]