{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19032
|image         = Hangout Event Independent Actions.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Chongyun
|actNum        = I
|act           = Signs of Evil
|startLocation = [[Wuwang Hill]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wuwang Hill
|prev          = Killjoy
|otherRewards  = *Goodbye
|characters    = Chongyun; Fu San'er; Traveler; Qianqian; Zhouliang
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Independent Actions''''' is a quest in the second branch of {{Quest|Signs of Evil}}.

==Steps==
# Split up with [[Chongyun]] and look for evil spirits.
# Talk to Chongyun about [[Qianqian]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* This is the final quest of the route.
** Gives the Memory "Goodbyes"

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Chongyun]]'s pure-yang spirit has finally been brought under control, but he is now aware that the strange goings-on during the [[Test of Courage]] are a result of human activity. However, neither of you is ready to give up yet, and at Chongyun's suggestion, you split up and continue to search for traces of the paranormal...}}
===As Yet Unresigned===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Qianqian)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 01.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' *sobbing* Huh...? Um...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 02b.ogg}}--> '''Qianqian:''' Um... Can... C&mdash;Can you help me...?
:{{DIcon}} Help you?
:{{DIcon}} Why me?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 03.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' Um, that exorcist... with that blue hair... is so scary!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 04.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' C&mdash;Can you lead him away from here? He makes me feel so frightened...
:{{DIcon}} Are you being affected by his yang energy?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 05.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' I wouldn't dare get anywhere near him... His energy... It's so horrible! It'll make me disappear!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 06.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' ...I don't want to disappear! Please, help me...
:{{DIcon}} I wonder if he'd consider you an evil spirit...
:{{DIcon}} He'll have to be the one that decides what to do.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 07.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' ...Well... I&mdash;I have an idea.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 08.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' Um... I&mdash;I saw the exorcist with blue hair a&mdash;arguing with someone over there a few minutes ago.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 09.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' I'll scare those troublemakers away, but y&mdash;you have to ask the exorcist to let me go, okay?
:{{DIcon}} Are you telling the truth?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 10.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' O&mdash;Of course... Qianqian never lies.
:{{DIcon}} I can get him out of trouble myself.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 11.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' ...Yeah but... it'll be complicated. I've already got a plan, you must believe me!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 12.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' So, um... What do you say?
:{{DIcon}} He'll be the one that decides, but I'll try to explain the situation as best I can.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 13.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' Um... Uh, okay... So, I'll take that as a "yes"?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 14.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' I hope the exorcist with blue hair is a good person.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903203 qianqian 15.ogg}} '''Qianqian:''' Um... So, I'll help him, and you'll go talk to him. Hopefully, then he'll leave me alone... Sound good?

;(Approach Chongyun)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 zhouliang 01.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' Hey, you've been turning the whole place upside down looking for "evil spirits." Other participants are starting to complain!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 fusaner 01.ogg}} '''Fu San'er:''' Yeah! Why would an exorcist show up at the Test of Courage and tell everyone that there are no ghosts here? You're just stirring up trouble!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Honestly, I find this whole thing quite confusing. If there really are ghosts here, then you're using them to make Mora regardless of the participants' safety. You tell me, is that ethical business practice?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' And if there are no ghosts here, then your so-called Test of Courage is nothing but a big scam!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Not only are you avoiding my questions, but now you accuse me of causing trouble?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 zhouliang 02.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' I've already told you! This is what kind of event the Test of Courage is! It's not our problem that you're taking it so seriously.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 zhouliang 03.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' And now that you're disturbing our participants, we'll have to ask you to leave.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If anything about this made any sense at all, I would leave of my own volition.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But if I leave now, I'm leaving evil spirits to their own devices.
:{{DIcon}} (I wonder what I should say in this situation...)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 distantsounda 01.ogg}} '''Distant Sound:''' Help!!!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 distantsoundb 01.ogg}} '''Distant Sound:''' G&mdash;Ghost! There's a ghost!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 distantsoundc 01.ogg}} '''Distant Sound:''' Run for your life!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 zhouliang 04.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on!?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 fusaner 02.ogg}} '''Fu San'er:''' Everyone's starting to panic! I&mdash;Is there really a ghost?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 zhouliang 05.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' Don't be silly! But if everyone starts running, someone could get hurt!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 zhouliang 06.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' Everyone! Just calm down &mdash; no need to panic. Please move in an orderly fashion!
:{{Black Screen|''The staff leave in a hurry, leaving you to tell Chongyun about Qianqian's plan.''}}
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I see... So there's no evil spirits here, just a wandering ghost.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' And she scared everyone away because I was in trouble?
:{{DIcon}} She only scared them. She didn't hurt anyone.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If things are as you say, then she doesn't seem like a malignant spirit.
:{{DIcon}} She's a ghost, but she's also just a kid.
:{{DIcon}} I'll let you be the judge.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright... As long as she promises not to harm anyone, then I'll pretend that I never knew about her.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' However, if she ever does harm anyone, it'll be my job as an exorcist to come and purge her... To mend my mistake.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think that day will ever come.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I hope so...
:{{DIcon}} I'll be equally responsible, too.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No... No, no, this is my call. I shall take full responsibility.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...We should go now. It doesn't seem we're particularly welcome here anyway.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 15.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} I was under the impression that you wouldn't be willing to let Qianqian go.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I have faith in my judgment of good and evil.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 17.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But, if I begin to neglect my perception of good and evil, it may lead to something I'd regret for the rest of my days.
:{{DIcon}} This sounds just like something you would say.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't expect you to have a gentle side.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 18.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Wait, you mean... you didn't think I could be fair and reasonable?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 19.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' R&mdash;Really? Do I look so obstinate?
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't matter.
:{{DIcon}} I know you better now.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 20.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Yeah, you're right. Alright, we should leave now.
:{{DIcon}} Wait a moment.
:{{DIcon}} Let's say goodbye to Qianqian.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903204 chongyun 21.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Ahh... Hmm... Okay.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Goodbyes===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Goodbyes
|character       = Chongyun
|act             = 1
|description     = Thaumaturges have their own difficulties. Considering the circumstances, you might want to take the trouble on his behalf.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Independent Actions
|zhs     = 分头行动
|zhs_rm  = Fēntóu Xíngdòng
|zht     = 分頭行動
|zht_rm  = Fēntóu Xíngdòng
|zh_tl   = Acting Separately
|ja      = 別行動
|ja_rm   = Betsukoudou
|ja_tl   = Going Off On Your Own
|ko      = 분담 수색 개시
|ko_tl   = Start Separate Acting
|es      = Por caminos distintos
|es_tl   = Through Separate Paths
|fr      = Étape par étape
|fr_tl   = Step by Step
|ru      = Самостоятельные действия
|ru_tl   = Independent Actions
|th      = แยกกันทำงาน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chia Hướng Hành Động
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Aufgeteiltes Vorgehen
|de_tl   = Split Act
|id      = Aksi Mandiri
|id_tl   = Independent Actions
|pt      = Ações Independentes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ayrı Ayrı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Azioni indipendenti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}