{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 4
|region  = Teyvat
|naming  = Ability bonus name: Infusion ''item''
|lore    = Weapons that ended up in Liyue through trade
|other   = One of two forged weapon series available since [[Version 1.0]]
}}
The '''Infusion Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]].

This series can be [[Forging|forged]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus, but all weapons in the series mention Infusion in their ability bonus' title.
==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Infusion Series}}
==Lore==
Exotic weapons that made their way into [[Liyue]] via the hands of foreign traders.

The whole world flocks to the commercial port of Liyue, much to the city's pride. With the tides of people also come exotic treasures.

The Iron Sting is an unusual needle-like sword that has a point but no edges, sacrificing the ability to slash for increased piercing damage. Owned by a seafarer, many rumors spread about its origin, but the captain of the boat avoided giving an answer. When the Chief Mate polished the blade, he would reminisce about his old life in the Wind Kingdom as a roaming martial nomad and of a girl from his hometown that he promised to meet again.

The Whiteblind is an unusual greatsword in that the edge closest to the wielder was left dull, and is used as a hilt. This greatsword was a labor of love by the bladesmith for his lover that was off at war. He used the constant work on this weapon as a way to put aside his anxieties of whether she would return safely.<br />
When the expeditionary force finally returned, victorious over their monstrous foes, he rushed to take the blade to his lover, only to realize one of his fears was true. She had returned safely, even bringing him a hunting bow as a gift, but it was clear she no longer planned on fighting, making all his work on the greatsword futile. Despite all of his complaining of his work being a waste, he had still made a blade of the finest quality.

The Crescent Pike is an unusual spear with a needle-like spearhead and a crescent-shaped blade extending from its base. The weapon was designed to exploit fatal flaws, slipping between the gaps in the opponent's armor. The designer was apparently able to visualize the fatal flaws in life itself, but had no such fatal flaws herself.<br />
But she eventually found music, and through music love, finding her own fatal flaw. In the end she reached the realization that fatal flaws are born of a fear of death, which in turn is born of having things and people to care about.<br />
"Oh, how I wish to see him but one more time, that thief who can neither be caught nor killed. Oh, how I wish to hear his song but one more time. If I should survive, I shall certainly treat him&mdash;"

The Compound Bow is a small but unique bow, making it more powerful than most common longbows. Made by a foreign scholar, the bow was modified with a pulley. This scholar had no interest in violence, but was merely captivated by the design and function of the bow and wished to improve it. He knew what the weapon would be used for, but was compelled to complete it anyway. One day a soldier picked up the bow and promptly shot down a wild goose. "This is the bow I seek" the soldier said, commending the weapon while ignorant of the heartbroken scholar whose creation had just been used to kill.

The Mappa Mare is an exotic tome that contains the knowledge, courage, and faith of pioneering explorers. It also contains a map that details the various seas that surround the continent and relevant information for navigating them.<br />
The title page reads:<br />
"Love ye the sea breeze and the ocean currents, for it is the wind and water that carry the seafaring ones to their destination."<br />
"Fear ye all the more that same sea breeze and those same ocean currents, for unbridled wind and water can tear apart even an iron vessel."<br />
This sort of language is pretty common among seafarers and sailors, referring to the ocean as their lover. It's unclear if this is due to the nature of the ocean or simply due to the romance of sailing away on an adventure.

==Trivia==
*Since each weapon, aside from maybe the Mappa Mare, seems to be a unique weapon rather than a mass-produced weapon series, it's harder to determine where they originate as a series, but with the frequent theme of romance and the mention of the Wind Kingdom, a spear-wielding witch, and an expeditionary force defeating monstrous foes and then returning, it seems to place the origin of the weapons in Mondstadt.
*Since the Crescent Pike was made by the spear-wielding witch, the weapon is at least 1000 years old.
*If the expeditionary force was the one sent from Mondstadt to deal with the abyss threat, then the Whiteblind is slightly under 500 years old.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Serie Infusión]]