{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Ingbert
|affiliation      = Mondstadt Aristocracy
|region           = Mondstadt
|father           = Landrich
|sibling          = Eberhart
|siblingNote      = Half-brother
|sibling2         = Parsifal
|siblingNote2     = Half-brother
}}
'''Ingbert''' was a [[Mondstadt]] aristocrat who lived during the time of the [[Timeline#The Aristocratic Period|Aristocratic period]] one thousand years ago. Little is known about him other than that he was apparently a legitimate heir of [[Landrich]], which would make him the brother of [[Parsifal]] and the illegitimate heir [[Eberhart]], who killed him to move ahead in the line of succession once he knew he would be granted legitimacy.<ref name="AIJ3">{{Ref/Book|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III}}</ref>

Ingbert loved the idea of exploration and adventure, and the entire expedition to [[Dragonspine]] was likely orchestrated by Eberhart for the sole purpose of killing Ingbert. Ingbert may have been the one that Eberhart referred to in the [[Ragged Records]] as 'the chosen' who had elemental energy burning in his blood.

==Story==
Ingbert grew up with [[Luther]] and his brothers Parsifal and Eberhart.

Ingbert was part of an expedition to Dragonspine organized by Landrich to quell the desire of those who hope to rebel against the aristocracy. Besides him, the expedition also included Eberhart, Luther, [[Nick]] and some other unnamed members.

Sometime after arriving at the mountain, the team was caught in a snowstorm and the unnamed members were separated from the others, who met up at the South Base Camp. Eberhart convinced the others that the unnamed members would find their way back to camp and they themselves should investigate a [[Secret Room|secret room]]. They couldn't open the door to the secret room and a cave-in killed Nick, burying his supplies with him. The remaining three decided to return to their base camp.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II}}</ref>

At the camp, they did not find the unnamed members as expected but still decided to stay there until the storm died down. The next day they pursued their original plan of investigating a cellar. Once they arrived, Ingbert was attacked by Eberhart who was trying to kill him and Luther. Both were injured, and Ingbert counterattacked with his [[Vision]], heavily wounding Eberhart who was forced to retreat. Ingbert managed to catch up to him but was then killed by Eberhart. Eberhart presumably killed him to move ahead in the line of succession.<ref name="AIJ3" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Ingbert
|zhs     = 英戈伯特
|zhs_rm  = Yīnggēbótè
|zht     = 英戈伯特
|zht_rm  = Yīnggēbótè
|ja      = エンゲルベルト
|ja_rm   = Engeruberuto
|ko      = 잉베르트
|ko_rm   = Ingbereuteu
|es      = Ingbert
|fr      = Ingbert<ref name=AIJI>{{Ref/Book|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I}}</ref> / Ingobert<ref name=ragged>{{Ref/HEO|Ragged Records}}</ref>
|ru      = Ингберт
|th      = Ingbert
|vi      = Ingbert<ref name=AIJI /> / Engelbert<ref name=ragged />
|de      = Ingbert
|id      = Ingbert
|pt      = Ingbert
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Ingbert]]
[[ja:エンゲルベルト]]
[[uk:Інґберт]]