{{Character Infobox
|image            = Enemy Kairagi Fiery Might.png
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Kairagi
|title            = Avaricious Kairagi Leader
|type             = Quest NPC
}}
'''Inou''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in [[Sayu]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu]].

==Profile==
Inou is a leader of a vagrant group on [[Narukami Island]]. He heard of the [[Traveler]] attacking his people and sought to teach them a lesson. He and his men kidnapped [[Kotomi]] and blackmailed her father, [[Ogawa]], a [[Yashiro Commission]] official to have the [[Shuumatsuban]] assassinate the Traveler in retaliation. The order was given to [[Sayu]], but she felt it was wrong and did not do so.

The Traveler decided to investigate themselves and had Sayu bring some of their hair and clothes as evidence for their "demise" to Ogawa. They then confronted Ogawa and he admitted that a vagrant had kidnapped his daughter and threatened to kill her if he did not follow their orders. They then brought the evidence to Inou and his men, who had no intentions of letting Kotomi go so he could continue blackmailing Ogawa. The Traveler then appeared and with Sayu's help, defeated him and his men. [[Tenryou Commission]] guards soon arrived and Inou attempted to flee, but he was eventually caught and apprehended.

===Personality===
As with most vagrants, Inou has no sense of honor and uses underhanded methods to achieve his goals. However, he shows genuine concern for his fellow vagrants and his lack of honor allows him to plan carefully; rather than fighting the Traveler head-on, he resorted to blackmail and assassination and realized he could use his leverage against the Tenryou Commission after the deed was done.

===Appearance===
He takes the form of a [[Kairagi: Fiery Might]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Inou
|zhs     = 稻生
|zhs_rm  = Dàoshēng
|zht     = 稻生
|zht_rm  = Dàoshēng
|ja      = 稲生
|ja_rm   = Inou
|ko      = 이노우
|ko_rm   = Ino'u
|es      = Inou
|fr      = Inou
|ru      = Ино
|th      = Inou
|vi      = Inou
|de      = Inou
|id      = Inou
|pt      = Inou
|tr      = Inou
|it      = Inou
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->