{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11103; 11104
|image         = Story Quest Insights of Drifting Dreams.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Alatus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Butterfly's Dream
|character     = Xiao
|startLocation = [[Lisha]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Lisha
|prev          = The Purging of Evil
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*550;Primogem*60;Mora*38,100;Guide to Prosperity*5;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Paimon; Pervases; Starsnatcher; Traveler; Verr Goldet; Xiao; Xiuhua
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Insights of Drifting Dreams''''' is the fourth and final part of {{Quest|Butterfly's Dream}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the southern face of [[Mt. Tianheng]]
# Collect the items needed for the ritual
## Censer
## Seven-Star Lamps (0/7)
# Return to [[Pervases]]
# Head to the [[yaksha]] statues after nightfall
# Talk to [[Xiao]]
# Initiate the ritual according to the correct process
# Fire arrows at the glowing area of the yaksha statues as per the ritual process (×2)
# Punish the false [[adeptus]]' spirit
#* {{Enemy|Unknown|text=[[Starsnatcher]] &mdash; A Soul in Need of Discipline}}
# Go to [[Wangshu Inn]] and ask [[Verr Goldet]] about the false adeptus
# Talk to Xiao and give him the [[Sigil of Permission]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* The {{Quest|Hereafter: The Trail of Pervases}} will become obtainable one [[Reset|Daily Reset]] after completing this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Under Xiao's guidance, you prepare to use adepti arts to recover the Sigil of Permission and warn the false adeptus of his evil ways. You will confront the false adeptus in a dream and teach him a lesson...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the temple)
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Ooh, this temple will probably have the kinds of censers and lanterns that Xiao wanted us to pick up.

;(Talk to the protector of the shrine)
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 01.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' The spirit soars the mountains high, while the body rests as the world goes by...
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Um... Sorry to interrupt you, but...
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to borrow a censer and some lamps.
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 02.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' Well I'll be... Isn't that something?
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 03.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' A pair walk into a shrine, neither to seek nor worship [[god]]s or adepti, but to pilfer the tools of worship for their own ends. Hahaha...
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' We know it's rude to ask, but we just need them for a short while &mdash; honest!
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 04.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' For the Dream Trawler ritual, I trust?
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Wha&mdash; How'd you know that?
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 05.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' I have been in this shrine for far longer than you would expect.
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 06.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' Perhaps as a reward for my faithfulness, I have been endowed with some understanding of the adepti arts.
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 paimon 05.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Wow. Paimon's never heard of that happening before.
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 07.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' Ah, it matters not. Take what you need. It is a fortuitous thing that these items may be of service to you.
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 08.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' ...They served little purpose here, in any case.
:{{DIcon}} Something on your mind?
::{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 09a.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' Heh, nothing that you need to concern yourself with. Please, take what you wish.
:{{DIcon}} Well... thanks, then!
::{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 09b.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' You are quite welcome. Please, take what you wish.

;(Talk to Pervases again, optional)
:{{A|vo xlq004 1 pervases 09b.ogg}} ''' Pervases:''' You are quite welcome. Please, take what you wish.
----
;(Collect the Censer needed for the ritual)
:{{A|vo xlq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' This censer... should be fine... right?
:{{A|vo xlq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' At least it isn't as run-down as this shrine.
:{{Black Screen|''You return to the vicinity of the temple after transferring the censers used in the ritual''}}
:{{A|vo xlq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' So next... we just need to grab the Seven-Star Lamps, right? The sooner we start, the sooner we'll be done.

;(Collect the Seven-Star Lamps necessary for the ritual)
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Paimon thinks we've got all the ones we can use now. But let's say bye to that guy before we leave, shall we?
----
;(Approach Pervases)
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Huh? Where'd he go!? He was right here...
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 01.ogg}} '''Statue:''' I had presumed that once you had acquired what you came for, you would forget about me and simply be on your way...
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Ah! It's that guy's voice! ...Hello? Wh&mdash;Where are you?
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 02.ogg}} '''Statue:''' My physical form ceased to exist over a thousand years ago. What you witnessed earlier was an illusion, created by the adepti art known as Mortal Lingering.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 03.ogg}} '''Statue:''' Now that you have taken the Seven-Star Lamps and censer used in the Mortal Lingering ritual, my form is no longer visible to you.
:{{DIcon}} So you're...
:{{DIcon}} Y&mdash;Y&mdash;You're a g&mdash;g&mdash;ghost?
::{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 04b.ogg}} '''Statue:''' Haha... It is not untrue to say this. The line between adepti and ghosts is a fine one indeed.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 05.ogg}} '''Statue:''' I was once a junior in the order of the yakshas, bestowed with the name Pervases by [[Rex Lapis]] himself. Yet my strength failed, and I was slain in battle.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 06.ogg}} '''Statue:''' Today was the anniversary of my death. My last wish was to see a modern Liyue, and so I took the liberty of performing this ritual here.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 07.ogg}} '''Statue:''' That aside... You were sent here by the Conqueror of Demons, were you not?
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 04.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' So, you two know each other then?
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 08.ogg}} '''Statue:''' I sense his aura upon you... that, and the heavy burden of his karma.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 09.ogg}} '''Statue:''' *sigh* Even after all these millennia, he still must endure such tremendous suffering?
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 10.ogg}} '''Statue:''' ...I am truly ashamed.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 05.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Don't say that, Pervases &mdash; you sacrificed your life for Liyue, didn't you?
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 11.ogg}} '''Statue:''' Life is a precious thing, yes... But when I think of the burden that the Conqueror of Demons must bear... *sigh* death seems to me to have been the easy way out. A selfish indulgence, even.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 06.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Pervases...
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 12.ogg}} '''Statue:''' Haha, I apologize. Birthdays are joyful occasions, but by the same token, it is hard to not be melancholy on the anniversary of one's death.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 13.ogg}} '''Statue:''' The Mortal Lingering will not last much longer. Take care, you two, and please pass on my regards to the Conqueror of Demons...
:{{DIcon}} We will!
:{{DIcon}} You take care too, Pervases...
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 14.ogg}} '''Statue:''' *sigh* If only I could taste some authentic {{sic|[[Grilled Tiger Fish|Grilled Ticker Fish]]}} once more...
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 15.ogg}} '''Statue:''' By wave and storm I hunt for fish, by wind and snow I slay evil...
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 pervases 16.ogg}} '''Statue:''' ...
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 07.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Huh? Looks like he's gone, then... Paimon really hopes that at least someone will remember Pervases the Yaksha.
:{{A|vo xlq004 3 paimon 08.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' We should get going. But let's come back here and make an offering sometime.
----
;(Talk to Xiao)
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Have you gathered the items for the ritual?
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Hmm... This censer, and these lamps... Their designs are flawless, almost as if they were made specifically for use in the adepti arts. Where did you come by them?
:{{DIcon}} We got them from a yaksha named Pervases...
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Oh! And um, he says hi!
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Pervases...
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Yes, this does have the hallmarks of something Pervases might do.
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' As I thought, it seems that he could not leave Liyue behind either... I hope that its present state will allow him to rest in peace.
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Well then, Let us begin preparing for the ritual.
:{{A|vo xlq004 4 xiao 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Place the censer in the middle, and surround it with the Seven-Star Lamps. Adorn the area with the items of abject cold. Once this is done, we shall proceed.
:{{Black Screen|''You prepare the ground for the Dream Trawler ritual...''}}
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Yes, this will do. Now, the next step is the key to performing Dream Trawler...
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' There are four steps to performing this ritual: offering incense, meditation, incantation, and loosing an arrow.
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Ah... Seems like a real rigmarole.
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Adepti arts are the product of millennia of study by adepti. Do not dismiss their mystical workings as "rigmarole."
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Failure to take this seriously could cause the technique to devour one's own body, or cause the spirit to be sundered from one's flesh permanently...
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Agh! Stop talking! Paimon's sorry!
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' When offering the incense, we place the incense into the censer with reverence for Rex Lapis in our hearts.
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Meditation is to empty ourselves of trivial thoughts, and to focus on the target of the art we are performing.
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Then, we shall recite the incantation in a loud voice: "Devayaksha, Bring Forth Sin!"
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 08.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Finally, we will loose an arrow towards each of the yaksha statues to enlist their authority for our contract.
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 09.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' If all goes well, Starsnatcher's soul will be brought forth shortly.
:{{DIcon}} Understood.
:{{DIcon}} *gulps*
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 xiao 10.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' If you have no other questions, let us begin.
:{{A|vo xlq004 5 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Hmm... Well... let's start by offering up incense, shall we? You know, with respect for Rex Lapis and everything...
----
;(Initiate the ritual according to the correct process)
:{{A|vo xlq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Then we meditate... Ugh, Paimon really doesn't wanna think about that fraud!
:{{DIcon}} Hmm...
:{{A|vo xlq004 6 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} Ohh...
:{{A|vo xlq004 6 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Ohh...
:{{DIcon}} Ahh... Hmm...
:{{A|vo xlq004 6 paimon 04.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Ahh... Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} Devayaksha, Bring Forth Sin!
:{{A|vo xlq004 6 paimon 05.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Uh, bring forth sin!

;(Blue sigils appear on the yaksha statues' waists)
:{{A|vo xlq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' It looks like the yaksha statues are glowing at the waist. So we just fire one arrow each at the glowing parts, right?

;(Fire arrows at the glowing area of the yaksha statues as per the ritual process)
:{{A|vo xlq004 8 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' We finished the ritual, and we followed all the instructions to the letter!
:{{A|vo xlq004 8 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Close enough.
:{{A|vo xlq004 8 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Leave the rest to me. You two get ready to greet him.
----
;{{Color|menu|As the ritual is completed, the soul of the Starsnatcher appears before you...}}

:{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 01.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Where is one... Huh? You two look familiar.
:{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 02.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' What's with one's body? One feels... light. Weightless!
:{{DIcon}} We summoned your spirit forth with an adepti art.
::{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 03a.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' An adepti art? Hahaha! You dare don the guise of an adeptus in one's presence?
::{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 03a 1.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' But as for the matter of one's present location... One could have sworn that one was dozing off to sleep at Wangshu Inn not a moment ago...
:{{DIcon}} Guess what? You're already dead.
::{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 03b.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Dead!?
::{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 03b 1.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Impossible! One was just lying in peaceful repose at Wangshu Inn...
:{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 04.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Wait... that must be it... of course it must! Haha, as expected of an adeptus such as oneself...
:{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 05.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' One must indeed be in a dream!
:{{A|vo xlq004 9 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Ugh, there's no helping this guy, is there?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, you're not dreaming.
:{{DIcon}} Dreamers, after all, feel no pain.
:{{A|vo xlq004 9 starsnatcher 06.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Huh? What is the meaning of this? Do you truly think that one will permit such insolence in one's own dreams?
:{{A|vo xlq004 9 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' ...Alright, time to take him down a peg.

;(During the battle)
:{{A|vo xlq004 10 starsnatcher 01.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Argh! Such impertinence! Where are one's followers when one needs them?
:{{A|vo xlq004 10 starsnatcher 02.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Hey, hey! Stop it! Stop it&mdash; Ow! What's happening? Is this really not a dream!?
----
;(After defeating Starsnatcher)
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 01.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' P&mdash;Please, stop! I surrender, I surrender! Argh...
:{{DIcon}} So, do you believe us now?
::{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 02a.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Yes! Yes, I do! I thought I was going to die...
:{{DIcon}} So, are we still going to do this "oneself" song and dance?
::{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 02b.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' N&mdash;No, no, never again! Y&mdash;You almost killed me...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 03.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' How did I ever have the misfortune to meet you two...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 04.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Please, great adepti, spare my life. I won't do this every again, I swear it...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' We did call your spirit here, but we're not adepti. He, however, is.
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' You deceive the masses with quackery, masquerade as an adeptus, exorcise demons without exterminating them, and display a callous lack of regard for life.
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' One day, you will reap that which you have sown... For those who invite the infernal into their lives, there is no redemption!
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 05.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Ah... I... You're...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Seems like Xiao's got him scared stiff.
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 06.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' O great adeptus... might I ask your name?
:{{DIcon}} He is the Conqueror of Demons.
:{{DIcon}} He is the Vigilant Yaksha.
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 07.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' It really is you! It's truly you! Never in my life did I imagine that I might meet the Conqueror of Demons, the Vigilant Yaksha himself!
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' You know about Xiao?
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 08.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Of course! My grandfather was a folklorist &mdash; I learned the tales of the Conqueror of Demons at his knee...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 09.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' To this day, I am an avid collector of books concerning the yakshas.
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 10.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' But ever since I discovered a Sigil of Permission while rummaging through my grandfather's personal effects...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 11.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' At first, I was just imitating the adepti for fun... but slowly I began to stray further and further from the righteous path...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 paimon 04.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Huh, so to sum you up... you're Xiao's biggest fan?
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 12.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Y&mdash;Yes. Thank you for allowing me to witness the Conqueror of Demons in the flesh &mdash; it's like a dream come true!
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 paimon 05.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Uh, that wasn't quite our intention...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 13.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' O Great Conqueror of Demons, please allow me to swear this oath before you...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 14.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' I swear to turn away from the evil, to live an honest life, and to never again stain from the name of the adepti!
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I will remember your oath... Now go.
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 starsnatcher 15.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Thank you... A thousand thanks for your forgiveness... and for all that you have done for Liyue...
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 paimon 06.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' He seemed very earnest when he was making that oath there. Guess he won't be tricking anyone anymore.
:{{A|vo xlq004 11 paimon 07.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Oh, wait! We haven't gotten the Sigil of Permission back yet. Let's head over to Wangshu Inn first thing tomorrow and look for him!

;(Interact with the [[Mist Flower]], optional)
:'''Mist Flower:''' This was once used in adepti arts to lower the ambient temperature. Somehow, it has yet to be plucked and carried off...

;(Interact with the Censer, optional)
:'''Censer:''' Not only is this censer used to place incense in reverence to the gods, but it is also used as the centerpiece of the Dream Trawler adepti art.
----
;(Go to Wangshu Inn and ask Verr Goldet about the false adeptus)
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Hey there, Boss. Starsnatcher's staying here right?
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 verrgoldet 01.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Starsnatcher... Hm... You mean the false adeptus who wore a mask?
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 verrgoldet 02.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' He signed in here under the name [[Wang Ping'an]].
:{{DIcon}} That's a... really normal name.
:{{DIcon}} So a really, really ordinary person after all.
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 verrgoldet 03.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' He's already checked out. He said he wished to go on a solo pilgrimage...
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 verrgoldet 04.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Ah, yes. He also requested that I give this letter to a traveler who journeys together with a "talking fairy"... should they come asking for him.
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Talking fairy... Who's that?
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 verrgoldet 05.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' ...Well anyway, you must be the traveler. Here's the letter.
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' How strange that he would leave a letter for us. Is this the final attempt to fool us, maybe?
:{{A|vo xlq004 12 paimon 04.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Come on, open it! Paimon's curious!

;{{Color|menu|In the letter, the ordinary man named Wang Ping'an repents sincerely. He is determined to fulfill his oath through self-improvement, and by forsaking evil and doing good, such that he may become a true adherent of the adepti. He has returned the money he gained dishonestly while pretending to be an adeptus, and has returned the Sigil of Permission that his grandfather left behind to you. He has even left you what possessions he has on his person that he deems useless to his penance...}}
:{{Black Screen|Letter from Starsnatcher}}
::By the time you read this letter, I will have embarked upon my journey of self-improvement.<br>I regret that I cannot apologize to the two of you in person, but I hope that you will forgive me.<br><br>Since the Conqueror of Demons appeared to me in a dream, I have not slept. My nights have been spent thinking about how I may fulfill my vow.<br>Not only have I deceived you two, but I have also exploited the hopes and dreams of my believers.<br>People in dire straits oft become weak, thirsting blindly after something to believe in.<br>With my lies, I brought them false salvation, while their true desires grew farther and farther away.<br><br>I know in that long-gone era, the desires of mankind were not as complicated as they have now become.<br>The Conqueror of Demons shouldered the desires of Liyue's people as he contended with demons.<br>Wearing his mask, he concealed the weakness brought by human desire.<br><br>As a false adeptus, I am one who always wears a mask.<br>A true adeptus only need to wear it when facing demons.<br>If I wear a mask to hide the evil that has corrupted my heart...<br>Then the Conqueror of Demons wears a mask to hide the part of him that is human.<br>And yet, he wears the face of a demon king only that he might subdue all demons...<br><br>Once I had realized all this, I became deeply aware of my own ugliness, and I understood what it truly means to be an adeptus. I set off on this journey over hill and river, strengthening my body and spirit, not because I harbor any hope of fully atoning for my sins. I do it only to earn the right to be counted among the believers of the adepti.<br><br>I have already asked someone to return the money I cheated others of. A few goods remain in my possession, but they are of no use to me on my journey of self-improvement. Please take them. Please take the Sigil of Permission that my grandfather left me as well &mdash; I am no longer worthy of it.<br>I wish that you will be granted that which you desire. May we meet again.<br>Wang Ping'an, a Sinner
:{{A|vo xlq004 13 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo xlq004 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, seems like he actually left us a few nice trinkets...
:{{A|vo xlq004 13 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Along with... Woohoo! The Sigil of Permission!
:{{A|vo xlq004 13 paimon 04.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Paimon hasn't met a bad guy like him in a long time...
:{{DIcon}} I'm actually quite touched...
:{{DIcon}} This is all thanks to Xiao.
:{{A|vo xlq004 13 paimon 05.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Yeah... Anyway, let's go take this Sigil of Permission to Xiao, shall we?
----
;(Talk to Xiao and give him the Sigil of Permission)
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 paimon 01.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Ah! There you are.
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 paimon 02.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' We got the Sigil of Permission back. Do you wanna take it?
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' You have my thanks.
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiuhua 01.ogg}} '''[[Xiuhua]]:''' May I take your order, sir?
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' One Grilled Ticker Fish.
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiuhua 02.ogg}} '''Xiuhua:''' Certainly, we'll prepare it for you immediately!
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 paimon 03.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Huh? No [[Almond Tofu]] this time? Well that's not like Xiao.
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Ticker Fish was Pervases' favorite dish...
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I just want to... see how it tastes.
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 paimon 04.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Huh...
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' By wave and storm I hunt for fish, by wind and snow I slay evil...
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 xiao 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Was there anything else? I... am accustomed to eating alone.
:{{DIcon}} We'll leave you be then...
:{{DIcon}} Come on, Paimon...
:{{A|vo xlq004 14 paimon 05.ogg}} ''' Paimon:''' Uh huh! And so, Detective Paimon and the trusty Traveler solved the case, and quietly slipped away...

;(Talk to Xiao again, optional)
:'''Xiao:''' ...
:''' Paimon:''' (Xiao seems a bit lost in his memories... Best we don't disturb him...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Devayaksha means "Divine Yaksha."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Insights of Drifting Dreams
|zhs      = 诸境神游忽觉迷
|zhs_rm   = Zhū Jìng Shén Yóu Hū Jué Mí
|zht      = 諸境神遊忽覺迷
|zht_rm   = Zhū Jìng Shén Yóu Hū Jué Mí
|zh_tl    = Sudden Realization While Wandering the Realms
|ja       = 諸境神遊、ふと迷う
|ja_rm    = Shokyou Kamiasobi, Futo Mayo'u{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 꿈에서 얻은 깨달음
|ko_rm    = Kkum-eseo Eodeun Kkaedareum
|ko_tl    = Enlightenment From A Dream
|es       = Proyección astral
|es_tl    = Astral Projection
|fr       = Rêves à la dérive
|fr_tl    = Dreams Adrift
|ru       = Потерявшийся во сне
|ru_tl    = Lost in dream
|th       = ส่วนลึกของความฝันอันล่องลอย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cõi Thần Mộng Mị
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Einsichten aus dahintreibenden Träumen
|de_tl    = Insights of Drifting Dreams
|id       = Tersesat Dalam Mimpi
|id_tl    = Lost Inside the Dreams
|pt       = Pensamentos de Sonhos à Deriva
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Akıp Giden Rüyaları Anlamak
|tr_tl    = Understanding Drifting Dreams
|it       = Esplorando dei sogni fuggevoli
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:Proyección astral]]
[[ja:諸境神遊、ふと迷う]]
[[pt-br:Pensamentos de Sonhos à Deriva]]