{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71522
|image         = Inspiration Eruption.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Waterborne Poetry
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Congenial Gathering (Quest)|Congenial Gathering]]
|characters    = Buies; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Waterborne Poetry/Inspiration Eruption|Inspiration Eruption]] subevent
}}
'''''Inspiration Eruption''''' is a [[World Quest]] during the [[Waterborne Poetry]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Buies

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Buies from Mondstadt seems to be thinking about something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Buies)
:'''Buies:''' This type of game sure is inspiring, hahaha!
:{{DIcon}} What new game?
:'''Buies:''' Traveler! Good timing! I happen to need someone to playtest my new game.
:'''Buies:''' Look here. I'm calling this game "Inspiration Eruption."
:'''Buies:''' It perfectly captures the entire process of how we poets create poetry!
:{{DIcon}} You mean drinking, drinking, and more drinking?
::'''Buies:''' Hahaha, hilarious. Though using wine to let one's creative juices flow is certainly a good idea.
::'''Buies:''' However, wine alone is not enough to inspire truly extraordinary poetry.
:{{DIcon}} Enlighten me.
:'''Buies:''' Before we write a poem, we have to start by seeking out inspiration.
:'''Buies:''' Some like to travel, some prefer solitude, while others... really enjoy using wine to stimulate their creativity.
:'''Buies:''' This is the most challenging part, since we cannot pinpoint where inspiration lies.
:'''Buies:''' So most of the time we feel like we haven't found our muse, and become anxious and depressed...
:'''Buies:''' But in truth, inspiration has already visited us and left its mark inside our heads without us ever knowing.
:'''Buies:''' At the right juncture, they will come bursting out and take the form of a great poem... or a painting... or something else.
:{{DIcon}} And you can turn all that into a game?
:'''Buies:''' Hahaha! Of course! The process of making poetry is quite clear and easily understood.
:'''Buies:''' It just so happens that there are a few tabletop game designers in Mondstadt interested in my ideas.
:'''Buies:''' After some discussions and a few brainstorming sessions, we finally came up with "Inspiration Eruption"!
:'''Buies:''' You can try it right now if you're interested.
:'''Buies:''' Play a few rounds, and maybe you'll become a poet yourself!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Waterborne Poetry/Inspiration Eruption}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Erupção Inspirativa (Missão)]]
[[ru:Прорыв вдохновения (задание)]]