{{Quest Infobox
|title         = International Markets
|id            = 40146
|image         = <!-- Event Quest International Markets.png -->
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Alchemical Ascension
|chapter       = Alchemy and Business Operations
|act           = International Markets
|actNum        = III
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Complete Cycle 20
|characters    = Atefeh; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Whispering Woods
|prev          = A Breakthrough in Craft (Quest)
|next          = A Job Well Done
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''International Markets''''' is an [[Event Quest]] and the only quest in {{Quest|International Markets}}.

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later
# Go back to the shop
# Talk to the merchant

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It seems like merchants from other nations have arrived at your shop...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the shop venue)
:{{Black Screen|Over time, your business continues to grow and expand. Your increasing success means an entirely new business opportunity could be on the horizon...}}
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, a merchant is here. Huh, Paimon's not sure they're from Mondstadt though. Let's go check it out.

;(Talk to Atefeh)
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 01.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Hello there! The name's Atefeh. I'm a traveling merchant from Sumeru. Great to meet you!
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, you've made quite the journey! Guess news of our humble shop has already spread to all four corners of Teyvat!
:{{DIcon}} It's all thanks to you, Paimon.
::{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's practically a sales whiz. She could sell water to a fish, hehe!
:{{DIcon}} All our hard work is paying off!
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 02.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Haha, I have to agree! This venture of yours is becoming quite well-known. In fact, many well-informed merchants have heard word of your potion-selling endeavor.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 03.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' But most people are still not willing to take a risk on such a rare commodity.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 04.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' If you ask me, though, when opportunity knocks, you've got to be ready to answer. That's how you make the big Mora.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 05.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Although the general public still doesn't know much about alchemical potions right now, with a little effort and marketing on your side, you can carve out a nice space in the market for yourself. Once that happens, the Mora will just keep on flowing!
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 06.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Once you've generated enough demand, you could even increase your prices ten fold... Hehe, with that kind of profit, you could even take the rest of the year off if you wanted.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ten fold! Are you serious?
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 07.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Hehe, as long as the demand is there, people will pay anything. You could say it's a sort of mutual agreement between consumer and supplier.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' With the way you talk, Paimon can't help but be reminded of a certain other Mora-obsessed merchant...
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you did say you were from Sumeru. Maybe you know her. Ever met Dori?
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 08.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Wait, you mean Lord Sangemah Bay? One of the most famous merchants in all of Sumeru？That Dori? You know her?
:{{DIcon}} She's a friend of mine.
:{{DIcon}} We've met a couple of times.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 09.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Wow! Lord Sangemah Bay is one of my biggest idols. Her business sense and dedication to making Mora has always been one of by greatest inspirations!
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 10.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' I was even lucky enough to visit the Palace of Alcazarzaray once. It truly is a magnificent sight.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 11.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' One day, I hope to be just like her &mdash; up to my ears in more Mora than I can count, hehe...
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... looks like we've lost her... Should Paimon snap her out of it, or...
:{{DIcon}} We wish you all the best!
::{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 12a 1.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Thank you, that means a lot!
:{{DIcon}} Let's get back to business.
::{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 12b 1.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' *ahem* You're right. I seem to have strayed off topic.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 13.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Back to where we were, then. I believe I was telling you how we could make some big Mora together.
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 14.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' The idea's actually pretty simple. You produce the potions, provide me with a regular supply, and I'll help you sell them across Teyvat!
:{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 15.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' If that sounds good to you, then we should talk more in depth about what kinds of potions to sell this time around.
:{{DIcon}} Check potion requirements...
::{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 16a 1.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' According to my keen market sense, these are the kinds of potions that are currently in demand.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later...
::{{A|vo jyeq003b 2 atefeh 16b 1.ogg}} '''Atefeh:''' Hmm, okay. But don't wait too long. When it comes to making Mora, you've got to strike while the iron is hot!

;(After selecting the potions and distribution strategy)
:{{Black Screen|After taking inventory of the potions, Atefeh shoulders her bag and leaves... She will return to the store after one operation cycle and bring the sales results with her.}}

;(Talk to Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq003b lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, well, well. Your business sure is booming, cuties.
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq003b lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Sure enough, entrusting this job to you was the right choice.
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq003b lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Don't forget to take a rest if you need it, though. A cup of tea can do wonders when you're tired.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=International Markets}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Mercados Internacionais (Missão)]]