{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120142
|image        = Item Internal Withdrawal Document.png
|type         = Quest Items
|quality      = 0
|description  = An official order cast aside within the barracks.
|source1      = Obtained during [[Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...]]
}}
'''Internal Withdrawal Document''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...}}

==Text==
Our negotiations with the Tanit tribespeople have been completed. We have made some gains, especially with regard to the tribespeople of the desert encampment, who are willing to hand a young woman over to us for experimentation. This alone might be considered sufficient progress.<br>
Our other objective, however, cannot be achieved through dealings with this tribe, so we shall cease negotiations at this time and perform several internal personnel transfers. Secrecy must be maintained at all times. We cannot risk raising an unnecessary commotion.<br>
The codes to be used to confirm the identity of the units and personnel being transferred are as follows. Remember them well, so as to avoid any infiltration on the part of the tribespeople.

(The codes below have been blurred by water. Only some incomplete words remain...)

"Ice Cream"... "Igor L..." "No Tracks"... "Gerardo"...

... "Pierogi"...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Internal Withdrawal Document
|zhs     = 内部撤离行动公文
|zhs_rm  = Nèibù Chèlí Xíngdòng Gōngwén
|zht     = 內部撤離行動公文
|zht_rm  = Nèibù Chèlí Xíngdòng Gōngwén
|zh_tl   = Internal Withdrawal Action Document
|ja      = 内部撤退行動公文
|ja_rm   = Naibu Tettai Koudou Koubun
|ja_tl   = Internal Withdrawal Action Document
|ko      = 내부 철수 작전 공문
|ko_tl   = Internal Withdrawal Operation Document
|es      = Documento de evacuación interna
|es_tl   = Internal Evacuation Document
|fr      = Document de retrait interne
|fr_tl   = Internal Withdrawal Document
|ru      = Документ о переброске
|ru_tl   = Document About Transfer
|th      = เอกสารการถอนกำลังภายใน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Công Văn Rút Lui Nội Bộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Internes Dokument für Evakuierungsaktionen
|de_tl   = Internal Document for Evacuation Operations
|id      = Dokumen Penarikan Internal
|id_tl   = Internal Withdrawal Document
|pt      = Documento de Retirada Interno
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dahili Tahliye Planı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Piano di trasferimento del personale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}