{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13001
|image         = Story Quest Into the Hinterland.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Vulpes Zerda Chapter
|character     = Tighnari
|act           = The Unanswerable Problems
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Jasar; Karkata; Paimon; Tighnari; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Chinvat Ravine]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Chinvat Ravine
|prev          = The Start of Contamination
|next          = Heart of the Machine
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*600;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Into the Hinterland''''' is the second part of {{Quest|The Unanswerable Problems}}.

==Steps==
# Look for the [[Karkata|mechanical crab]]
# Set off for the contaminated region
#* The contaminated region contains [[Strange Sumeru Rose]]s which can be harvested.
# Head toward the depths of the contaminated region
# Install a Purification Device
# Defeat the attracted monsters {{Enemy List|Spinocrocodile*2}}
# Defeat the nearby mechanical monsters {{Enemy List|Ruin Scout*2}}
# Talk to the trapped person
# Look for a spot to set up a tent
# Go into the tent to rest
# Retrieve the pest-repelling devices (0/2)
# Prepare to set off{{sic|.|hide=1}}
# Go to the depths of the contaminated region {{Enemy List|Ruin Scout*2}}
# Defeat the monsters in your path {{Enemy List|Ruin Cruiser*2;Ruin Scout*2}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|With the mechanical crab as your guide, it is time to head to the contaminated region.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here! This should be... Huh? Where's the crab?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did it secretly scuttle away?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The traps weren't triggered, so it should still be here... Odd...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{DIcon}} It's here!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You honored our agreement and waited here until we returned.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' As such, I'll hold up my end and give you another mechanical part. Keep it safe. I'm not giving you another one if you lose it.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Glad you're satisfied. If you want more mechanical parts, take us deeper into the contaminated region.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I want to see what happened there &mdash; what caused the Avidya Forest to become like this.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the contaminated region that everyone's been talking about... It definitely looks different from normal!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's like... really creepy and suffocating...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Do you feel unwell at all?
:{{DIcon}} Doing fine so far.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Good. It's as I predicted: Elemental power confers a degree of resistance against the contaminated region's influence.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How do you know that?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I haven't entered the contaminated region for a proper investigation, but I've conducted quite a few controlled experiments.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' My observations during our time here have all but confirmed my hypothesis. Look at these flowers. How are they different from normal?
:{{DIcon}} They're more colorful?
:{{DIcon}} They're brighter?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This flower species is formally known as the "Sumeru Rose," but it is also known as the "Ley Line Lodestar."
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' They're sensitive to Ley Lines and emit varying amounts of light in response. Excessive brightness indicates a dangerous level of Ley Line activity in the surrounding area.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' From the looks of things, the Ley Lines around here are already out of control.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're saying that the contamination here is coming from Ley Lines?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I can't confirm that right now, but I think that is the case.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 2 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's take another look around and see if we can discover more clues.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Tighnari theorizes that the contaminated region was formed on account of a Ley Line effluence. Continue searching for clues nearby.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, we haven't seen any animals this entire time!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The birds used to chirp really loudly, and there were a lot of foxes...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The contaminated region currently appears to have a critical efflux of Ley Line energy, which is probably the root cause of the patients' cognitive disturbances.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Some animals have keen awareness. They sensed something abnormal in this area and fled.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Leaky Ley Lines sure can cause a lot of damage, huh?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Like how plants have preferred growth conditions, we also gradually habituate to our surrounding environment.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Climate, temperature, humidity, intensity of Ley Line energies. When people live under fixed conditions, they reach a sort of "homeostasis" with their environment.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This equilibrium is broken when the surrounding environment abruptly changes, causing people's bodies to react in abnormal ways.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If normal fluctuations in temperature occur, then our bodies automatically adjust. However, the average person cannot adapt to changes in Ley Line energy, and so they fall ill.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, I see.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then why are we okay?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 07b.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm not sure why you are, but {{Traveler}} and I are fine because our elemental capabilities allow us to adapt to this kind of change.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Of course, it's not a good idea to spend too much time in areas with concentrated Ley Line energy. The only one who can freely traverse this place is probably the mechanical crab.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 3 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's about it for the investigation. Help me find an open space. I want to test something.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Environment... No wind... Target parameters... Normal...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Setup complete. Excellent &mdash; looks like it's working.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's this?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' A Purification Device I made. It can absorb excess Ley Line energy and temporarily stabilize an area.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a neat thing! Let's set up more and cover the entire region!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I wouldn't mind if that would actually work. Unfortunately, once this "contamination" is present, it isn't something that a few Purification Devices can fix.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The Purification Devices have their limits. At best, they can only prevent the contaminated region from expanding temporarily.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If we want to permanently eradicate the contamination from the Ley Line effluence, we'll need to tackle the source.
:{{DIcon}} At the heart of the contaminated region?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's right.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? The mechanical crab is acting a little strange.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Something's approaching...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So that's it. Now that the Ley Line energy has stabilized, the monsters that had left are starting to return.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 4 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Get rid of them quickly! Don't let them get close to the Purification Device!

;(After defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... That's all of them.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, where are you&mdash; Wait for us!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's hurry and keep up, {{Traveler}}!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The mechanical crab went that way. Let's keep up!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|After you defeat the gathered monsters, the mechanical crab suddenly starts to run wild.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 01.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' Help! Heeelp!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|As it turns out, the mechanical crab had heard someone's cries for help and wanted to help. It seems to be quite different from the "ferocious" machine creatures as the people see them...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Jasar)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 02.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' Aaah... Spare me, please spare me!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, are you okay?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' These injuries are superficial. Don't move. I'll patch you up.

:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 03.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' Who are you all? What happened to those mechanical monsters?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we took care of them!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 04.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' Good. Haha... That's good...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 05.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' Aaah, it's a monster! Hurry, attack it!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How do we explain this? Crabby here isn't a bad guy.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It heard you shouting for help and brought us here to rescue you.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 06.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' It's faking it &mdash; it has to be! Maybe it's gonna partner up with the other mechanical monsters and kill me!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 07.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' Do you know what's inside the forest? It's all... It's all crawling with mechanical freaks!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 08.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' I just came here to pick herbs, but I accidentally went into the contaminated region and almost died.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 09.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' I gotta get out of here. Yes... Yes, I have to escape...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 10.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' Be careful. These mechanical life forms are up to no good. It'd be best if you stayed far, far away from them!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 jasar 11.ogg}} '''Jasar:''' No wonder the Akademiya wanted to completely ban the existence of mechanical life forms. Those things should be annihilated...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you okay?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' His inarticulate speech and bodily tremors indicate psyche disruption. He's been inside the contaminated region for too long.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We've purified the Ley Line energy over there. Follow this path out and you'll soon see the village.
:;(Jasar runs off)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' When he gets to the village, someone will bring him to Collei for help. I already prepared medication that will return him to normal.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{DIcon}} It looks like it's...
:{{DIcon}} Expecting something?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm... So you think you did a "good job" and want a part as your reward?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so hard to understand...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, regardless of what you're thinking, you did some real good this time.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's why I'll give you another mechanical part. Need any help with it?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata refuse 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kelukulo.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Guess not. Well, make sure to hang on to it. What was going through your owner's mind when he made you, I wonder? You're like a giant mechanical crab on the outside and a fluffy little hamster on the inside.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And also, how do you feel about that person saying that you're as evil as the other mechanical life forms?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, it definitely doesn't understand you.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It seems like it possesses limited understanding only towards matters related to mechanical components.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' "Help others to get parts." That's probably its thought process. As for why it &mdash; rather, its owner &mdash; is collecting so many components, I'm not sure.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's getting late. Let's set up camp for the night. We'll explore further tomorrow after a night's rest.

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hey! Over here!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 7 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Come on you big lummox, raise your head and look up!

;(Approach Tighnari)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's set up camp here.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Paimon also thinks it's a good spot!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh? Any particular reason?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place is perfect to put up a big tent!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can also set up a cooking pot and cook tons of delicious food!
:{{DIcon}} A very Paimon reason.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You're not wrong, but the primary reason for choosing this place is because its higher elevation keeps us away from the water vapor below.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Rainforests are very wet. You should always be careful when spending the night in damp places.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' For the next tasks at hand, let's divide and conquer. I'll set up the tent, you'll be in charge of making the fire, and Paimon will forage for edibles nearby.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Leave it to Paimon! Paimon's a pro!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm not expecting that much. Just do what you can.
:{{Black Screen|Thanks to Tighnari's guidance, you safely start a fire...}}
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's right. You can use rushes to start a fire in the wilderness.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Their piths are relatively dry and can be readily set aflame. The downside is that they produce a lot of smoke.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sob* {{Traveler}}, Tighnari... Paimon couldn't find any food.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't know that rainforests had so many interesting plants until we came here! There were all sorts of weird-looking mushrooms, but Paimon didn't know which ones were edible.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon also saw wild berries on the ground, and Paimon was gonna fly over and pick them up, but the dead leaves on top suddenly started moving! It freaked Paimon out!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Those were probably Deadleaf Butterflies. They camouflage as dead leaves to evade predators.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' My guess is that they mistook you for a bird when you flew over, so they fled. Little did they know that you were more scared than they were.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Never mind. The tent's up, so you two go rest. I'll forage for food.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh? You found some already.
:{{DIcon}} You have my gratitude.
:{{DIcon}} It's more useful than Paimon.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon understands it this time! It wants mechanical parts again!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Sorry, no part this time.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That task wasn't important enough. If every little thing resulted in a reward, then it might start to take advantage of the system.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'll note little things like this and give a cumulative reward at a later time.
:{{DIcon}} Are you running low on parts...?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ahem, that is one reason.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks really sad...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...After some further thought, it might come up with some weird misunderstanding if I don't give it something. Alright, here's another for you.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm off to prepare dinner. We'll take shifts on lookout duty tonight. You two can sleep first. I'll wake you up later.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We need lookouts?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Even though most animals fled because of the Ley Lines, we can't completely let down our guard.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 21.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's settled, then. I'll set up some pest-repelling devices so poisonous insects don't come crawling into the tent.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 10 tighnari 22.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Have a good night. Not too good, though.

;(Talk to Tighnari again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq002 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hm? You're still awake?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You and Tighnari agree to trade guard shifts. It is your turn to rest first...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Rest at the tent)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's getting sleepy... Ah! Is this because of the Ley Lines?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while since we camped outside like this!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... This feels like when we just started adventuring together! Nighty night! {{Traveler}}!
:{{Black Screen|Paimon gradually falls asleep while reminiscing...}}
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hm? You're awake earlier than I expected. Did you sleep well?
:{{DIcon}} Very well.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 02a.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's good. I was worried that you two wouldn't be able to sleep, so I used two of my homemade incenses.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 02a 1.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Don't worry, they're made from all-natural ingredients. They have a light fragrance and aren't harmful to the body.
:{{DIcon}} I'm still a little sleepy.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 02b.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You have to maintain constant vigilance in dangerous places like this. Yawning all the time like that is no good.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 02b 1.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If you can't stay awake, it's okay. Go sleep some more. I'm not tired yet.
::{{DIcon}} I can manage.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 02b 2.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Really? You don't need to push yourself. I'm used to staying up all night because many plant and animal species can only be observed during nighttime.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Speaking of which, have you seen the crab?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It was scampering around over there just now, but I don't know where it went.
:{{DIcon}} Are you wary of it?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So you can tell. My suspicion is less towards the crab, and more directed to its unrevealed owner.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' A Ley Line effluence of this magnitude occurred without any warning. Someone probably disrupted the natural flow of the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Until we fully understand the situation, take extra caution. The Akademiya has banned mechanical life form research for years, so the origin of these creatures is very suspect.
:{{DIcon}} Banned research?
:{{DIcon}} The Akademiya previously conducted research on mechanical life forms?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Topics related to mechanical life forms were popular in the Spantamad for a time. Some of my juniors had also thrown themselves into such research.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' They proposed an intriguing idea: Use our knowledge to create a "new and practical" life form that could help humanity "conquer nature."
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' However, no matter which modules or parts are installed, a machine is innately a construct that receives and executes commands. They can never possess self-awareness like us or other living organisms.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' In their pursuit to discover the differences between mechanical and biological life forms, zealous researchers performed unregulated vivisections and other absurdly cruel experiments on animals. Research on mechanical life forms was thus banned.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The irony is that the researchers became even more impetuous afterward. Who knows, maybe the subject will be unbanned in a few years.
:{{DIcon}} Do you not like this area of research?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm... That's a difficult question to answer.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm interested in the topic of mechanical life, but I don't like the researchers' attitudes.
:{{DIcon}} Anything in particular, or...?
:{{DIcon}} Because the "conquest of nature" is bad?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's just my personal opinion.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' My ancestors and the Valuka Shuna of the desert coexisted together and supported one another. The bloodline of my people was born from this symbiotic relationship.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So to me, all life is important. To understand life, you must first respect it.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Life is not an expendable commodity, and knowledge should not be wielded like a scepter. These are the points of contention I have with some researchers, and why I left the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Once you start placing yourself above other life forms, I mean... What kind of results do you expect to get from researching pure life with impure intentions?
:{{DIcon}} I understand what you mean.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Really? Well, I'm glad to hear it.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 21.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Coffee? Did you prepare this for us?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{DIcon}} It looks like it wants a reward again...
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 22.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, seeing that you're working so hard to help out, I'll give you another part.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 23.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You're not planning on using it? Many of your own parts are critically degraded, and you're running low on power.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata refuse 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kelukulo.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 24a.ogg}} {{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 24b.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, suit yourself. Oh and thanks for the coffee, but I'm about to go to sleep. Leave it with {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 25.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The night watch is yours. Stay safe.
:;(Time skips ahead to daylight)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' S&mdash;Sorry, {{Traveler}}, Paimon slept through the entire night...
:{{DIcon}} It's okay.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? You're not mad?
:{{DIcon}} Your punishment is solo watch duty.
::{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe. Don't worry, Paimon will be sure to stay awake next time!
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 26.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Quick question, do you feel off at all?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little dizzy.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 27.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Me too. The farther in we go, the closer we get to the source of the Ley Line effluence. We'll be heading out earlier today. I'll take down the tent.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there something we can do?
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 28.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Extinguish our fire so we don't set the entire forest aflame.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 29.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Also, retrieve the pest-repelling devices from last night. We don't want to affect the ecosystem here.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it! Paimon will take care of the fire!
:{{DIcon}} I'll retrieve the pest-repelling devices.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 11 tighnari 30.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright. Let's meet back here later.

;(Talk to Paimon with the fire lit)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq002 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How do you put out a fire...?

;(Talk to Paimon with the fire extinguished)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq002 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Now that the fire's out, we just need to pack up the cooking pot...

;(Talk to Tighnari before collecting the pest-repelling devices)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq002 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Guess it'll have to wait until we return.
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq002 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I also just remembered that I forgot to apply essential oil to my tail. You probably noticed that it isn't as glossy as usual.
:{{DIcon}} ...Nope, I don't see it.
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq002 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm... Perhaps one night doesn't make too much of a difference.
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq002 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'll make a new blend when we get back. It should make up for last night. I should have some leftover herbs from last month...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Now you understand how Tighnari feels. Make sure to retrieve all the camping equipment before you set out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Collect both pest-repelling devices)
:{{Black Screen|Last night's pest-repelling devices are recovered...}}
:{{A|vo tnllq002 14 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, it's about time to head out. As we go further in, we may encounter more berserk machines.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 14 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The effects of the Ley Lines will also increase. If you're struggling, it would be wise to avoid conflict.
:{{A|vo tnllq002 14 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Try to conserve as much energy as possible until we reach the source of the contamination.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Your preparations are complete. It's time to go to the heart of the contaminated region.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq002 14 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' As I thought. The closer we get to the contamination's source, the more mechanical monsters that appear...
{{Dialogue End}}

== Trivia ==
* [[Strange Sumeru Rose]]s collected along the path will respawn after the completion of this quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Into the Hinterland
|zhs     = 深入腹地
|zhs_rm  = Shēnrù Fùdì
|zht     = 深入腹地
|zht_rm  = Shēnrù Fùdì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 奥地深くへ
|ja_rm   = Okuchi Fukaku he
|ja_tl   = Into the Hinterlands' Depths
|ko      = 오지의 깊은 곳으로
|ko_rm   = Oji-ui Gipeun Goseuro
|ko_tl   = Into the Deep Place of Backwoods
|es      = Adentrándose en las profundidades
|es_tl   = Go Into the Depths
|fr      = Dans l'arrière-pays
|fr_tl   = Into the Hinterland
|ru      = Чем дальше в лес...
|ru_tl   = The Further into the Forest...
|th      = ที่ที่ห่างไกลจากตัวเมือง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vào Sâu Trong Rừng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = In die Tiefen des verunreinigten Gebiets
|de_tl   = In the Depth of the Contaminated Region
|id      = Jauh di Kedalaman
|id_tl   = Far in the Deep
|pt      = Entre nas profundezas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İç Bölgelere Doğru
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Nell'entroterra
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}