{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04007
|image         = Archon Quest Into the Deepwater Murk.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Cataclysm's Quickening
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 1
|characters    = Bavilliers; Cuistot; Downcast Convict; Grumpy Convict; Jurieu; Laverune; Lourvine; Paimon; Sigewinne; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = Administrative Area
|prev          = Lost in Deep Seas
|next          = The Truth Shrouded in Shadow
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*775;Mora*34,075;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Into the Deepwater Murk|chapter=4|act=4|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Talk to Paimon
# Investigate freely (0/3)
# Go to the production zone to search for [[Lyney]]
# Enter the Infirmary to obtain intelligence
# Return to the dormitories

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The open day has finally arrived. This is undoubtedly a good chance to find some information. You and Paimon plan to act, and search for clues in the Fortress of Meropide...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Continue from previous quest)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... It's morning already... *yawn* Paimon still needs more sleep.
:{{DIcon}} Let's use some coupons to skip our shift this morning.
:{{DIcon}} Let's take the morning off.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait, look over there! Isn't that...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's one of Lyney's cards!
:{{DIcon}} You're right...
:{{DIcon}} It's been a while since we've contacted him.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see what's written on it...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe you haven't heard, but today is the monthly 'free day.' Everyone has the day off today, which makes it the perfect time to do some investigating.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "It's been a while since we last talked, have you been making any progress lately? Let's meet at our usual spot in the factory area before lunchtime. I have new information."
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Today's our lucky day, we have the day off!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From the sound of it, Lyney's been making progress with his investigation. Wonder what he's discovered...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, we still have some time before we meet up. Let's talk with the people here for a bit more before we go.
----
;(Approach the group of four convicts near the cafeteria)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, there are some people talking over there. Let's listen in on the conversation.
:{{Color|menu|You sit together a little further away...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner1 01.ogg}} '''Downcast Convict:''' If you ask me, those pompous parasites on the surface act like they're all a bunch of aristocrats. Do any of them give half a hoot about a bunch of dogs like us?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner2 01.ogg}} '''Grumpy Convict:''' Hey, speak for yourself, mate! I'm no dog!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner1 02.ogg}} '''Downcast Convict:''' Aww, you think you're special or something? If you're here, then you're just a convict like the rest of us! I've heard that even if you're released after serving your sentence, going back to life on the surface ain't any better. Once a criminal, always a criminal, we're marked for life.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner2 02.ogg}} '''Grumpy Convict:''' Hmph, I don't buy that.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner1 03.ogg}} '''Downcast Convict:''' Hey, how cool would it be if the whole world was destroyed by a giant flood and everyone had to start over from nothing?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner2 03.ogg}} '''Grumpy Convict:''' What kind of filthy bilgewater you spewing!? I have family up there! You best shut your sewer-hole with talk like that!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner2 04.ogg}} '''Grumpy Convict:''' Listen, things ain't so great on the surface, but who says that you have to leave? I've heard that you can still stay here and work even after you've served your sentence. Not bad if you ask me!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner2 05.ogg}} '''Grumpy Convict:''' Who wants to live in the ruddy overworld anyway!? Haha!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 prisoner1 04.ogg}} '''Downcast Convict:''' And what makes you think they'd want to hire someone like you? It's one of the great mysteries of the universe, how someone as useless as you is so confident...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, sounds like they're really unhappy about the overworld.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Paimon never heard anyone use the words "overworld" or "underworld" when we were living up there. Is it only something the inmates down here say?
:{{DIcon}} I think you're right.
:{{DIcon}} It's normal for convicts to be unhappy.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true.

;(Talk to the convicts again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq105 prisoner2 01.ogg}} '''Grumpy Convict:''' Anyway, I've already decided to stay here.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq105 prisoner1 01.ogg}} '''Downcast Convict:''' *sigh* Wish I could say the same...

;(Approach the two men near the reception)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a group of people over there, let's go listen in!
:{{Color|menu|Paimon rushes forward excitedly...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 01.ogg}} '''???:''' So I said, that's not a faucet... Hey, who're you two? Why'd you come over all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Sorry for eavesdropping, sounds like you were talking about something private.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 01.ogg}} '''???:''' What's the matter? Haha, they're just looking to join in on our fun, that's all.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 02b.ogg}}--> '''???:''' Hey, don't pretend like it's okay for them to just interrupt us like that! Hmph... Fine, you're lucky we don't mind extroverts that much.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, you guys are really nice!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Haha, you hear that, Cuistot? We're nice!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 03.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Your expressions tell me you're looking to hear some juicy info, am I right? Hehe, but before that... It just so happens that I know you two.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Are we that famous?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 04.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' You kidding? How often does anyone get a personal tour led by His Grace himself? Practically everyone was talking about it. Word has it that you also caused quite the kerfuffle.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, hehe... It was just a little mistake...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 03.ogg}} '''???:''' A little mistake, huh? I like the way you put it. You see, people with a good attitude can join our group anytime, unlike some of the others here...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your group?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 05.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' I'm Cuistot, and this is Laverune. People usually call us the "Bombshell Bros." But don't worry, we're not playing with bombs or anything, it's just that our information is always so explosive... and we blow minds on the regular.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... you two really like to gossip? You sure know how to embellish...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 06.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' No, no! You don't get it. Knowing intelligence will make things better for you here. For example, knowing who's working with whom, who has the latest rumors, who's not getting along... Wouldn't you like to know all that?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, fill us in.
:{{DIcon}} Oh my archon I'd love to know, please tell me!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 07.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Ha, all this info is worth something, you know. You should prove you're worthy of it.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 04.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' Don't mind him, Cuistot is always this way. Just play nice and say something to massage his ego.
:{{Color|menu|Laverune lowers his voice to tell you something...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 05.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' (The welfare meals, talk about the welfare meals!)
:{{DIcon}} We ate the most incredible welfare meal recently!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, right! That meal we had yesterday was super delicious. Paimon can still taste it whenever she closes her eyes!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 08.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' ...Is that so? Heh. To tell you the truth, I've been helping out with making those welfare meals. I've been working as a kitchen assistant for about half a month now.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! So you're the one who made those delicious steaks... Amazing! You could be a professional chef!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 09.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' You are correct. I'm a true professional. In fact, I even went to culinary school.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 10.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Since you like my cooking, I guess that means we share similar tastes. Listen carefully. This little bombshell will help you learn what's really going on here in the Fortress.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Huh? Did Laverune just wink at me? It seems he's saying... "Don't be upset, he's a good fellow.")
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 11.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Listen kids... The power structure within the Fortress is quite complicated. The overworlders couldn't care less about us down here, we're basically like dogs to them.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 12.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' You've already met the one person here you should never cross... The Duke, Wriothesley. He knows more than you think and if he doesn't care about something, then he often doesn't bother dealing with it.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 06.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' Those who have the Duke's attention get all kinds of special perks, even better treatment in the infirmary!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 14.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Ah, I know who you mean! It's that [[Jurieu]] character, right? I don't think there's anything useful about him at all. Why does he visit the infirmary practically every day? Is it normal for anyone to be going in and out of there so often? If you ask me, he's just faking it to get out of work.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 07.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' But did you know that Jurieu was a talented researcher from the Fontaine Research Institute before he came here? There's no denying that...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 15.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' I don't care if he was a researcher that could turn dirt into Mora, once you're in the Fortress of Meropide, you're just another inmate like everyone else.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Ah, interesting. According to Cuistot, a person named Jurieu frequents the infirmary. I should take note of that.)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 16.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Speaking of which, the last time I saw him he was passing by in the corridor with [[Lourvine]]. I also heard they started arguing in the library and got into a fight, right? Guess that's just how terrible of a guy he is...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 08.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' You mean he hit a woman? Wow, I never imagined he was that bad...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 17.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' But that Lourvine's also quite the odd one, you know. She's always gabbing away, got into a fight with a man, and also got sent to the infirmary. Come to think of it, I always see her going to the sick bay every couple of days, too.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 18.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 09.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' Wait a second, you don't think...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 cuistot 19.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Do you think... Could it be that... They're secretly meeting there to go on dates? Huh, but it's really hard to imagine...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 3 laverune 10.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' After all, I do remember seeing Lourvine beat Jurieu to a pulp that one time and... We might be overthinking things.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So Jurieu had a confrontation with a girl named Lourvine, who also frequently visits the infirmary... I'll remember that, too.)

;(Talk to Cuistot or Laverune again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq105 cuistot 01.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Is it really alright for us to talk about people behind their backs like this...?
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq105 laverune 01.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' That's just how it goes, good gossip is still gossip.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq105 cuistot 02.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Yeah, I guess you're right... But wait, we're not just gossiping, this is legit information we're discussing here, right?

;(Approach the man sitting on the floor)
:{{Color|menu|Someone calls out to you near the Pankration Ring...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 01b.ogg}}--> '''Bavilliers:''' Hey, you over there!
:{{DIcon}} Who, me?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 02.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Yeah, you! Say, do you like playing card games? You know, like Genius Invokation TCG!
:{{DIcon}} ...?
:{{DIcon}} Even people down here play that game?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You TCG players are like Mint in the wild. Literally sprouting up everywhere!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 03.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Hey, c'mon now. What's wrong with finding fellow Invokation aficionados? Anyway, care to join me for a game?
:{{DIcon}} No thanks, we're busy with other things at the moment.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 04.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Oh, alright. No pressure.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would you be looking for people to play Genius Invokation in a place like this? Don't people usually come here to fight?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 05.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Haha, whether you're throwing down cards or throwing punches, it's all a competition, isn't it? It's all the same in my eyes.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 06.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' There are lots of card players here in the Fortress. When I saw you, I immediately thought: Hey, even outsiders from other nations play cards! So I came over to say hi.
:{{DIcon}} Would you mind chatting with us for a moment?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 07.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Sure.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great, since you've been here longer than us, you need to flex your seniority a little bit, right? Maybe you could start by telling us newcomers some stories about this place.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 08.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' I thought you would've already heard everything by now. Alright then, did you have anything specific in mind? Or do you want me to just pick a topic?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't you pick? We'll let you know if we've heard it already.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 09.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Alright. Have you heard any strange rumors since you've arrived?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, we have.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 10.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Then did you know that there are some people who're always gossiping over in the corner?
;(If Cuistot and Laverune were approached earlier)
::{{DIcon}} You mean Cuistot and Laverune?
::{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 11a 1.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Yes, so you've already met those two. Hahaha, they're quite a pair. They always keep an eye out for the latest happenings and gossip about everything. I've never seen anyone with more time on their hands...
::{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 11a 2.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' I heard that they used to be a chef and a bartender before they were sent down here. You know how bartenders are... always chatting with customers. And chefs love to pass the time just hanging out when they're not cooking.
;(If Cuistot and Laverune were not approached earlier)
::{{DIcon}} I didn't know that.
::{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 11b 1.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' There are two guys who are always skulking around in the corners of corridors gossiping. The bigger guy is Cuistot, and the skinny one is Laverune. People call them the "Bombshell Bros."
::{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 11b 2.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' I never really found their gossip very "mind-blowing"... It's pretty much just the same stuff that I hear about when I'm at work every day.
::{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 11b 3.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' If you're interested, you can go talk with them. They tend to talk a lot of nonsense, but they aren't exactly bad.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, good to know. Do you have anything else to tell us?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 12.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Hmm, let me think. Sounds like you want to hear something a little more tantalizing.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 13.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Oh, did you know that the Duke was also a convict in the Fortress of Meropide before?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait, are you serious!?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 14.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' That's right, the Duke was an inmate just like you and me. It seems he was exiled here for committing some crime. Who knows how he ended up rising up to become the warden though...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 15.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' To go from an ordinary inmate to becoming the manager of the whole place... I'm not gonna lie, I kinda respect that.
:{{DIcon}} By the way, do you happen to know anything about a "forbidden zone"?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 16.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' A "forbidden zone"? Hmm, sounds like something that someone just made up. I've never heard of that, where did you hear about it?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just a rumor we've been hearing, but no worries if you've never heard of it. Do you have anything else you can tell us?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 prisoner3 17.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' Anything else? Hmm... Not that I can think of, but I'll be sure to tell you anything interesting I hear next time! You'll have to play a game of Genius Invokation with me first, though!

;(Talk to Bavilliers again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq105 prisoner3 01.ogg}} '''Bavilliers:''' See ya later. Let's play a game if you ever have time.

;(After completing the investigations)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, we've talked to just about everyone, and it's about time for us to go meet Lyney.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to the card he left us, we should go meet him in the production zone.
----
;(Approach Lyney)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...
:{{Color|menu|You and Lyney exchange a glance and go somewhere more secluded...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' That look in your eyes... You've found something?
:{{DIcon}} A little something, yeah.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, this is no time to be modest! Just tell him we've found a boatload of information!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oho, as expected of the legendary duo. You have my full and undivided attention.
:{{Black Screen|You summarize your findings to Lyney...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...Huh, I'd have never guessed that myself. The rumors swirling about this place are unreliable after all, and Master Childe probably went missing because he found a way out...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' He is a Harbinger, after all... I suppose he's much more resourceful than I initially gave him credit for.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Unfortunately, this isn't enough for our final report to "Father." We need to find out Master Childe's exact whereabouts.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Father told me that even though Master Childe said that he was just coming to Fontaine for a vacation, he actually had some personal reasons. His agenda might be linked to his disappearance.
:{{DIcon}} The most important thing right now is to catch up to him.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His escape route is already flooded, so we'll have to task someone with professional diving skills to chase after him.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Well, when you put it that way, it's obvious that only Freminet would be up to the task.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bingo! Is he around?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' He's working today &mdash; coming here as a group would have attracted too much attention. I'll talk to him about it later.
:{{DIcon}} Please do. We're counting on you.
::{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 11a 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It's the least I can do. We're all in this together, so it's only fair for us to fulfill our end of the bargain.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
::{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 11b 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' No need to thank me! This was always a part of our mission, after all.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Honestly, I'm far more impressed by you guys managing to collect all this information right under Wriothesley's watchful eyes.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, collecting information has always been our strong point!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...Now let me think. To find out more information, Freminet will have to re-trace Master Childe's original route...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 14.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' And if he's to do that, he'll have to set out on the next pipe-cleaning day at the earliest. That's six days from now... Hmm, and after that, he'll probably take another two or three days to return...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can even estimate how long it'll take for him to get back!?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 15.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' We've been working together for a long time... We know each other's capabilities like the backs of our hands.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 16.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' {{Traveler}}, what say you to meeting here nine days from now? We'll be able to pick up Freminet while we're at it, too.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 17.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, and there's just one last thing that we'd like your help with.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 18.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Though we can just sit back and wait for Freminet's report on Master Childe's whereabouts, we still need to make more progress on the investigation of the forbidden zone...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 19.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Freminet's no master of disguise, Lynette's still working on getting intel from the other areas, and I'll need to spend some time helping Freminet prepare for his diving mission. So... you are the only ones we can count on.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you want us to do? Will it be hard?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 20.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Well, I won't call it "easy," per se, but I think you'll be able to pull it off.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 21.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Listen carefully. You'll need to find an excuse to get into the infirmary and investigate the room and environs.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 22.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You've mentioned several sketchy-looking people always meeting at the infirmary earlier, so it probably has something to do with the secret we're hoping to uncover. You've already met the head nurse, so she'll be less suspicious of you.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 23.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Investigate the internal structure of the infirmary and any active dealings within, and pass those onto me alongside anything else you're able to discover.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 24.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But also, there's no need to take risks. Don't forget, safety always comes first!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good. I'll give it my best shot.
::{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 25a 1a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 25a 1b.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah, my apologies, I just started rambling out of habit... It was almost as if I was talking to my younger {{MC|m=brother|f=sister}}.
::{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 07a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that's not a bad thing, right?
::{{DIcon}} But what if I'm the older {{MC|m=brother|f=sister}}?
:{{DIcon}} Did you only say that because I'm an amateur?
::{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 25b 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' No, when it comes to intelligence gathering, I'd never consider you to be an amateur. Didn't you say it yourself? It's always been your strong suit.
::{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 25b 2.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'll believe anything as long as it comes from you. So, please prove your prowess to me once again.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, then we'll head out as soon as we finish our prep!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 5 lyney 26.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Let's go our separate ways for now, then. Don't forget, we meet here again in nine days. Stay safe.
:{{Black Screen|After doing some prep work with Paimon, you begin slowly approaching the infirmary under the guise of just meandering around aimlessly...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, stay here for now! Paimon will take a peek.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hm... Hmm... There seem to be several people inside...
:{{DIcon}} Let's try to eavesdrop on them first.
:{{Black Screen|You and Paimon hide in a corner and try your best to eavesdrop on the people inside the infirmary.}}
:{{Black Screen|Several people appear to be engaged in conversation, but you only manage to catch bits and pieces of what they're saying...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 6 lourvine 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Right... I feel like...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 6 jurieu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' It's not impossible...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 6 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...So... Time...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a bit hard to understand them from here, so why don't we just try to talk to them in person? Let's go as soon as you're ready!
:{{Black Screen|You nod and take a long, deep breath before inhaling a large amount of vapor from a foul-smelling potion you found from the bottom of your inventory.}}
:{{Black Screen|If you recall correctly, that potion is the result of a failed attempt at alchemy you once performed with Paimon at some point during your journey. In any case, its smell makes you want to hurl...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 6 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 6 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' *retching*
:{{Black Screen|Having given it a good whiff, you hand the potion back to Paimon to stow it away. Soon after, you stagger into the infirmary, your face pale and your hand pressed against the wall.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Someone, please help! {{MC|m=He|f=She}}... {{MC|m=He|f=She}}'s sick!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 jurieu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Whoa, are you okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh my! What's wrong, little one? There's no need to panic &mdash; take a deep breath before you begin.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}} started complaining of a stomach ache, and then nausea, and then collapsed onto the ground... Paimon d&mdash;doesn't know what to do...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Freezing limbs, twitching fingers, and pale complexion... Could it be poison...?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Let me take a look... Please lie down over here.
:{{DIcon}} Oof... My stomach really hurts...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Don't worry, I'll get you to the bed safely. Here, hold onto my shoulder and walk slowly...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sniff*... You can do it, {{Traveler}}!
:{{Color|menu|Sigewinne helps you to a sickbed...}}
:{{DIcon}} Th&mdash;Thank you... I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Don't apologize! You're sick, after all. Now, please relax, I'm just going to do a preliminary check-up on you.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Sigewinne has taken out a few instruments and begun to do her check-up... I hope I'm not so healthy that she gets suspicious...)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' ...Hmm, mmm. I see now.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 06b.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' My check-up has confirmed that {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s not in any mortal danger. That's our worst fear out of the way!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Ah, th&mdash;that's good, but...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'll continue my diagnosis of the patient now. Please relax and take a deep breath.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Sigewinne's using her hands to palpate different areas on my abdomen... Seems like she's using elemental energy, too? Her expression's growing more and more relaxed...)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I don't sense serious damage to your organs, either. Does it hurt when I press here?
:{{DIcon}} I&mdash;It's not too bad.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' And here?
:{{DIcon}} Oof, that hurt a little...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 10.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Eh? But based on my initial check-up, there shouldn't be a problem here... How strange...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Oh no, was my acting a bit over the top?)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 11.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hmm... What about here? Does this hurt?
:{{DIcon}} No, not really, can barely feel it.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 12.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh... Mmm, I understand. So that's what it is.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 13.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I think you just ate something that disagreed with you, that's all. Nothing too serious, outside of a pretty bad stomachache when it decides to act up.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... So that's what it is... Thank goodness it's not anything more serious!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 14.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Mhm, and there've been other inmates complaining about the food recently. I'll inform our head chef Mr. Wolsey of this problem as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 15.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Congratulations, the health risk is incredibly low, so you should recover within a couple days. Why don't you take a rest here while I go get some medicine for you?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 16.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Miss Lourvine... I'll have to trouble you to help me look after this new patient while I'm gone.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 01.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Very well.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, and she hopped away just like that...
:{{Color|menu|Sigewinne exits the infirmary...}}
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Phew, this infiltration mission is going much more smoothly than I imagined. Next... There are only two people left in the room.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Sigewinne just called that woman "Lourvine," so she has to be one of those frequent visitors to the infirmary I've heard of before. Would that mean the man next to her is "Jurieu," then?)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 02.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Hello... So how are you feeling now?
:{{DIcon}} Still not great...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I can't keep staring at her, it'll draw unwanted attention... That guy also seems to have noticed, now he's looking in my direction, too.)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{MC|m=His|f=Her}} stomachache's really bad, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} was stumbling about the whole way here, so Paimon's really worried...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 03.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' If Miss Sigewinne says it's not a serious problem, then there's no need to worry. She's the best medic we've got down here.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it also looks like she's the only medic you've got down here...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 jurieu 02.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Ah, well... That's true.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 04.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' What do you mean, "that's true"? That's really misrepresenting the situation. Of course I can't speak for the whole Fortress, but it's not like everyone imprisoned here is useless, you know.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 05.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Though they may have committed crimes and gotten locked up here as a result, they still know a thing or two about medicine, and they help Miss Sigewinne take care of the sick and injured.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 jurieu 03.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Yeah yeah, you're right, but did you have to lecture me about it in front of another patient? Aren't you a patient too? Where did all your energy come from?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 06.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Uh... Ah, that's correct. Ahem... Sorry, I got a bit ahead of myself.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you two also sick?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 jurieu 04.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' We've been sick a while. I come back every once in a while for check-ups, and to pick up the medicines Miss Sigewinne prescribes for me, that's just the nature of chronic illnesses. As for her...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 jurieu 05.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Hah, you could say she fancies herself as Miss Sigewinne's capable helper because she learned a bit of medical knowledge ages ago.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 07.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Please watch your mouth, Mr. Jurieu. Don't forget that you are the primary reason I have frequent heart palpitations!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, they're arguing again! Hope they keep it civil at least...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (These two seem to have a pretty terrible relationship, and only ran into each other because they came here to pick up their meds at the same time.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...But outside of the two of them, there's nothing suspicious inside the room. All the files on the table appear to be patient records, and while there's a box... I can't check it out right now.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:'''(There also aren't that many furnishings on the wall... Eh? Wait, there seems to be a movable hatch on the ground over there?)
:{{Color|menu|You notice a barrier behind the box. There's nothing too immediately eye-catching, but when you look carefully, something seems off...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Hey, there's no need to fight! Everyone will be released someday, so there's no need to argue over silly things like this!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 08.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' But...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 jurieu 06.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Hmph, release? It's way too early for us to even think about that! And who the heck knows if we'd even be able to continue our previous lives?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The presence of a movable hatch isn't strange by itself, but... perhaps it's my adventurer's intuition speaking, but isn't it a bit strange that there's a movable hatch here of all places?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Is it... hiding something?)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 09.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Please allow me to end this boring and useless conversation. Oh, and Mr. Jurieu, I don't want to see your face here again anytime soon!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 jurieu 07.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' And same to you, Miss Lourvine. Anyway, that was more than enough rest for me, so I'm going to get out of this excessively noisy place. See you later, everyone.
:{{Color|menu|Jurieu has left...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He just slowly walked off like that...?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 10.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Hmph, that's just what he's like.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 11.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' I'm sorry you had to see all of that. I'm Lourvine, and that's... Well, his name is Jurieu, but I hope you'll never have cause to remember his name.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really can't stand him, eh?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 12.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' I mean, can you blame me? Who would like someone who's as arrogant and obsessed with weird research topics as he is?&nbsp;...Ahem, but there's no need to keep dwelling on him.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 13.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' I&mdash;I'll accompany you two for a while... Miss Sigewinne should be back soon, and I'm sure you'll feel better as soon as you've had some of her medicine.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for looking after me.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 14.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' No, no... It's nothing.
:{{Color|menu|Sigewinne returns to the infirmary...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 17.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'm back~! Did you rest like you promised?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 15.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Thank you for getting our medicine, Miss Sigewinne.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 18.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Did you all cooperate with your bedrest? I trust that nobody got up to walk around? Good, here, this should be two days' worth of medicine for you. Take one pill now, and then continue your bedrest.
:{{Black Screen|You take the stomachache pill that Sigewinne gave you.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 19.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ahh, Miss Lourvine, I left in a bit of a hurry just now, do you still remember if we discussed the color of the pill that you should be taking today?
:{{Color|menu|Lourvine's gaze seems to wander for a moment.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 16.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' I remember. You said it should be yellow.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Did they talk about that before we walked in? Why don't I remember?)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 20.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Yellow, huh... Hmm, I understand. These are yours &mdash; please make sure to go to bed early after taking them tonight. You'll benefit from a good night's sleep.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 lourvine 17.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Alright, then I'll also be on my way now. I hope you feel better soon, too.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See ya!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 21.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'm going to fill out your medical record now. You're widely known as the Traveler, right? I just want to double check a few details, if that's alright with you.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those two made quite the commotion just now, so why don't we let {{Traveler}} rest? Paimon can answer the questions instead.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 22a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 22b.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Mmm-hmm, so {{MC|m=his|f=her}} primary symptoms are abdominal pain, with secondary symptoms of nausea. Is there anything else?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... That's it!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 23.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Alright then~!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there anything we should know, besides to take the meds?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 24a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 24b.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' No, {{MC|m=his|f=her}} base constitution is quite good, so I'm sure {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'ll recover quite quickly after taking the medication. Please make sure to stick to blander, less stimulating foods, and don't stay up too late at night.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it, Paimon will hold {{Traveler}} to that for sure!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Sigewinne's still looking at me... I should just try to take a nap, like she said.)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? You're going to take a nap already?&nbsp;...Okay, then, you get some rest!
:{{Black Screen|(You move yourself to a regular patient's bed and relax completely. The weariness from work and intel-gathering that you've been holding back all this time overwhelm you at once.)}}
:{{Black Screen|...You can, however, still catch some hints of Paimon's conversation with Sigewinne.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 21a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 21b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mhm, we've been to lots of places together! {{MC|m=He|f=She}} may look a bit under the weather now, but {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s actually suuuuuper strong!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 25a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 25b.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, so you're the best of companions. Don't worry, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} will recover soon.
:{{Black Screen|...Companion. That word brings forth a wave of comfort. You let yourself relax and fall into a restful sleep.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 26.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' ...Ah, you're awake.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How do you feel? You slept for a really long time, but we never left!
:{{DIcon}} I feel a lot better. Thank you both.
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 sigewinne 27.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Well, now you can go back without a worry in the world! Remember to take your meds regularly, and remember, bland foods!
:{{A|vo fdaq105 7 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mhm! Thank you, Miss Sigewinne!

;(Talk to Sigewinne again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq105 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Seems a lot of people have been coming down with an upset stomach lately... I'll need to address that.
----
;(Enter the dormitory)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really are something, to be able to fall asleep like that and even sleep-talk the entire time... You scared Paimon half to death!
:{{DIcon}} Did I say anything I shouldn't have?
:{{A|vo fdaq105 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, but you kept mumbling things along the lines of "Paimon, don't take my [[Mondstadt Grilled Fish|Grilled Fish]]" and "Put down the [[Adeptus' Temptation]] now."
:{{A|vo fdaq105 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon talked with Sigewinne the entire time you were asleep. She seems like she's just a sincere nurse, and Paimon didn't notice anything unusual in the room... Are you sure we're not going off-track with the infirmary?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Are we really off-track, though? There are still a few weird things about the place.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That movable hatch on the ground, as well as the question Sigewinne asked Lourvine... And also, were they really talking about their meds before we walked in?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Oh, and was Lourvine and Jurieu's argument genuine, or were they just putting on a show?)
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, hear me out...
:{{A|vo fdaq105 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, you really are super thorough! All those tiny little suspicious things that Paimon didn't even pick up on... We've gotta give the info to Lyney!
:{{Black Screen|Over the next few days, you and Paimon work at your stations as normal. During your shifts, however, you manage to find opportunities to write keywords relating to your suspicions on a piece of paper.}}
:{{Black Screen|You manage to pass the slip to a busy Lynette as she happens to pass by. Her disguise is impeccable, and she does not even look at you or change her expression as she pockets the info.}}
:{{Black Screen|And finally, the promised ninth day arrives.}}

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo fdaq105 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Today's the day! Let's go meet up with Lyney.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Replaced by traveler dialog option-->{{A|vo fdaq105 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hehe... It was just a little mistake...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Into the Deepwater Murk
|zhs     = 探入水底迷雾
|zhs_rm  = Tànrù Shuǐdǐ Míwù
|zht     = 探入水底迷霧
|zht_rm  = Tànrù Shuǐdǐ Míwù
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 海底の霧に潜って
|ja_rm   = Kaitei no Kiri ni Mogutte
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 안갯속으로
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El enigmático fondo marino
|es_tl   = The Enigmatic Sea Floor
|fr      = Dans la sombreur profonde
|fr_tl   = Into the Deep Murk
|ru      = Во мрак глубин
|ru_tl   = Into the Murk of the Depths
|th      = ดำดิ่งสู่หมอกในห้วงน้ำลึก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bước Vào Sương Mù Dưới Đáy Biển
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Tauchgang in die Geheimnisse
|de_tl   = A Dive Into the Secrets
|id      = Menyelam di Air Keruh
|id_tl   = Diving in Murky Waters
|pt      = Na Lama das Profundezas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kasvetli Sulara Doğru
|tr_tl   = Into the Gloomy Waters
|it      = Nelle torbide profondità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}