[[Version 2.7]]
* Optimizes the UI style of item sources in the Inventory: when an item source is unavailable, it will appear as white text on a dark background.
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* Added icon hints to the [[Artifacts]] filtering interface.
* Added scroll bar if number of rows exceed one view.
* Increased number of columns to fully fill up screen.
* Added ability to Auto Add weapons by rarity to destroy for [[Weapon EXP]].
* Added timer icon to [[Transient Resin]] to indicate item expires.
* Added [[Weapon]] type sorting.
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* Adjusted the default sorting sequence of the [[Artifacts]] tab in the Inventory to Quality > Level > Set > Location > Quantity of Affixes
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Increased [[Artifact]] capacity from 1,000 to 1,500.
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Equipped [[Gadgets]] now have a [[character]] icon in the corner.
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* 4-Star [[Artifacts]] can be destroyed in return for [[Mora]].
* Some indestructible level-up materials are now destroyable.
* Increases the stack limit of some [[Furnishings]] of the same type in the Inventory from 999 to 9,999.
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* [[Furnishings]] Category was added.
* Optimizations to some controls when using a controller:
** The Sort Rule button on the Weapons screen (in Inventory), Artifacts screen (in Inventory), and Character Selection screen (in the [[Character Menu]]) has been changed from the up button to the down button.
----
[[Version 1.4]]
* Optimizes the order of item drops: More valuable items will appear earlier in the list.
* Fixes an issue whereby the Compare function on the Weapon Selection screen may not close correctly.
* Fixes an issue with the Destroy function whereby the information on which character has which weapon/artifacts equipped may not be up-to-date.
----
[[Version 1.3]]
* Fixes an issue whereby consumed [[Artifacts]] may incorrectly be displayed on the Artifacts filter screen.
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* '''January 28, 2021''' - Fixed an issue whereby dishes that had already reached their Inventory stack limit could still be made and would have a chance to produce specialties.
* Optimizes the [[Domain]] and [[Ley Line Outcrop]] rewards system: Dropped items are directly added to the Inventory.
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* Added an Equipment Locking function to [[Weapons]] and [[Artifacts]]. Locked equipment cannot be used for enhancement or refinement.
* Equipped Weapons and Artifacts display a [[character]] icon in the corner.
* Added ability to sort Artifacts by Level and EXP.
* Optimizes how equipped items are displayed: Artifacts and weapons now display the equipping character's avatar.
* Optimizes inventory capacity display: Removed load limit and replaced with Inventory slots. Slots are divided into 3 categories &mdash; 2,000 for weapons, 1,000 for artifacts, and 2,000 for other materials. Identical materials will still stack in the same slot. When all Inventory slots in a given category are full, no more items in that category can be acquired and you will have to clear some slots.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Inventory was released with load limit of 30,000 which included all categories (e.g. weapons, artifacts, and quest items).
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>