{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Investigation Spot.png
|type         = Exploration
}}
Certain spots around [[Teyvat]] can be investigated for [[Artifacts]], [[Cooking]] Ingredients, [[Forging]] Materials, [[Weapons]], or [[Mora]]. [[Bloatty Floatty|Bloatty Floatties]] can also be investigated, but do not have any drops.

==Types==
===Artifacts===
Artifact investigation spots drop 1-2 units of [[:Category:1-Star Artifacts|1-star]] and [[:Category:2-Star Artifacts|2-star]] artifacts. Some artifact investigation spots will also drop {{Item|Mora|24}}.

===Cooking Ingredients===
Cooking Ingredient investigation spots can drop 1-3 units of the following [[Cooking Ingredients]]:
*{{Item|Cabbage|30}}
*{{Item|Apple|30}}
*{{Item|Sunsettia|30}}
*{{Item|Potato|30}}
*{{Item|Wheat|30}}
*{{Item|Carrot|30}}
*{{Item|Radish|30}}
*{{Item|Tomato|30}}

===Forging Materials===
Forging Material investigation spots can drop 2-3 units of the following [[Forging Materials]]:
*{{Item|Iron Chunk|30}}
*{{Item|White Iron Chunk|30}}
*{{Item|Crystal Chunk|30}}

===Weapons===
Weapon investigation spots drop [[:Category:1-Star Weapons|1-star weapons]] or [[:Category:2-Star Weapons|2-star weapons]].

===Mora===
Respawning Mora Investigation spots can drop {{Item|Mora|24|x=100/200/300}} and one [[energy]] particle.

Non-respawning Mora Investigation spots (can be taken only once) can drop {{Item|Mora|24|x=500/1000/1500/2000}}.

===Food===
One investigation spot located in [[Wangshu Inn]] contains the [[recipe]] for [[Almond Tofu]].

The investigation spot containing [[Crocodile Jerky]] can be found in [[Yuften]]'s tent in the [[Tanit Camps]].

==Daily Cap==
The number of investigations a player can conduct in a [[Reset|day]] in the open world, is limited to 100. That is, after conducting 100 investigations, every investigation spot that the player gets close to, will not spawn. Investigation spots that already were in the player's vicinity when they reached the 100 limit, will not disappear (unless the player teleports away and then comes back). For example, if a player investigated 99 spots, and then entered an area with 30 investigation spots, the player will be able to take all 30, as long as they stay in that area.

The investigation points that may contain [[Mysterious Conch]] in the coast near [[Takashi]] do not count towards the daily cap, and will be available even after the player reached their daily cap.

==Locations==
Some Investigation spots can be found on the [https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/app/ys-map-sea/index.html#/map/2?shown_types=114,127,130 Teyvat Interactive Map].

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/_yFqiqMwhug
|caption1 = Mora Rock Pile Location
}}

==Trivia==
*One Investigation Point located in [[Wangshu Inn]] contains the [[recipe]] for [[Almond Tofu]].

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}

[[ja:調査]]
[[th:จุดตรวจสอบ]]