{{EventTabs
|subpage1 = Festive Challenges
|subpage2 = Peculiar Wonderland
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|type            = Event
|actType         = Part
|act1            = Ode to Flower and Cloud
|archonQuestReq1 = [[Prologue]] Act 3: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|act2            = Missive of Cloud and Fog
|act3            = Realm of Fog and Wind
|act4            = Dream of Wind and Flowers
}}
{{About|the [[Version/1.4|Version 1.4]] [[Events|event]]'s quests and NPCs|general information on the festival itself|Windblume Festival}}
==Festive Anecdotes==
===Act I: Ode to Flower and Cloud===
{{Main|Ode to Flower and Cloud}}

The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] travel to Mondstadt and find it decorated for the [[Windblume Festival]]. Looking around for some work to do, the two find themselves rejected at every turn until they talk to [[Flora]] and entangle themselves in a debate between her, [[Quinn]], and [[Beatrice]] about the "true" Windblume flower.

The Traveler and Paimon decide to take in more of the festival and find [[Venti]], who's holding a class on writing love poems. He informs them that the festival is for those looking for love, and that not giving or taking commissions is a custom of the festival. However, he ropes the two into assisting him.

====World Quests====
*[[Those Hard-to-Reach Places]]
*[["Quiet, please, this is a library!"]]

===Act II: Missive of Cloud and Fog===
{{Main|Missive of Cloud and Fog}}
After arriving at the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], the Traveler and Paimon meet with [[Kaeya]] and Venti in [[Jean]]'s office to discuss Kaeya's homework. Kaeya asks the Traveler and Paimon to help his drinking buddy [[Nimrod]] with relationship advice at [[Angel's Share]]. After the Traveler and Paimon return to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters, Kaeya has completed his homework and it says "I love you" in [[Hilichurlian]]. Kaeya asks them to deliver a letter to the [[Favonius Cathedral]].

Outside the Cathedral, the Traveler and Paimon meet [[Jean]] and [[Lisa]] as they are patrolling the festival. After entering, they meet [[Bennett]] and a flustered [[Barbara]], who received a saying that the thing most precious to them has been buried. As Barbara is worried that Jean has been buried, [[Rosaria]] calms her down and points them to [[Dawn Winery]].

After reaching the location, a few [[Treasure Hoarders]] are around the treasure, which was a Windwheel Aster Wreath from the Barbara Fan Club.

====World Quests====
*[[Flavor of the Month]]
*[[Windbrew]]
===Act III: Realm of Fog and Wind===
{{Main|Realm of Fog and Wind}}

The Traveler and Paimon meet with Venti at the alchemy store to discuss with [[Timaeus]] about his poetry homework. Timaeus confesses he was unable to start it, because [[Sucrose]] had tasked him with helping her decipher an ancient alchemical recipe for what she claims is a "Windblume." She arrives to check on him, to find that neither of them had made any progress. The Traveler suggests consulting [[Albedo]] on the matter, who is currently stationed at the [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp|camp]] at the foot of Dragonspine.

At Sucrose's request, the Traveler, Paimon and Venti pay a visit to Albedo to have him inspect the recipe. He expresses doubt about its product being a Windblume, but says he can only be certain once it is crafted. He asks the group to go fetch the [[Starsilver|ingredients]], after which he gets to work at his alchemy table. The alchemical "Windblume" is revealed to be a giant variant of Sweet Flower that once existed in antiquity&mdash;a [[Wondrous Lovely Flower|Tetratanic Sweet Flower]] according to Sucrose, which she enthusiastically accepts as ''her'' Windblume. After she heads off to gather some nutrients for her flower, Venti questions Timaeus about his homework once again, which he has just completed.

Paimon notices that Bennett hasn't returned yet, so the group visits Barbara at the Cathedral to ask her about his whereabouts. Barbara, apprehensive, announces that he had gone missing. Rosaria appears, informing them that he had run off to the [[Thousand Winds Temple]]. There, the Traveler and co. encounter a [[Ruin Guard]] patrolling the area. After defeating it, Bennett&mdash;and [[Razor]]&mdash;are rescued from a prison cell that was triggered by a special mechanism. Paimon informs Bennett of the situation with Barbara the other day, and he and Razor explain how they both ended up at the temple. Venti then receives the final poem from Bennett which he had written with Razor's assistance. Bennett departs with Razor to go exploring, while the Traveler, Paimon and Venti head to Angel's Share to celebrate the collection of all the poems.

At the tavern, the three are greeted by Kaeya and [[Diluc]], who is bartending in [[Charles]]'s place. Kaeya relays the news he had received from Jean that the Traveler had been chosen as this year's "Windblume Star" for their efforts during the Windblume Festival period. He adds that the Traveler must attend the Windblume Ceremony with Jean, where the Windblume Star will make a Windblume offering to the [[Barbatos|Anemo Archon]] on behalf of the people of Mondstadt. Rosaria is also present, and Kaeya recounts his encounter with her by the Knights of Favonius Headquarters. Venti receives Kaeya's "tuition fee" from Diluc, and the tavern celebrates the festival night with a toast.

====World Quests====
*[[The Sound of Discord]]
*[[Adventurers in Windblume]]

===Act IV: Dream of Wind and Flowers===
{{Main|Dream of Wind and Flowers}}The Traveler and Paimon meet with Jean and Venti at the Mondstadt plaza, where the Windblume Ceremony is taking place. As the Windblume Star, the Traveler makes an offering to the Anemo Archon statue with a Windblume of their choosing, and Jean expresses her gratitude. Venti briefly comments on the Traveler's choice, but asks them to accompany him to [[Stormterror's Lair]] to discuss his thoughts in private.

Because the Lair hadn't been maintained in a while, disorderly wind currents have started to crop up around the ruins. Venti asks the Traveler to help him sort out the issue in preparation for [[Dvalin]]'s arrival. Afterwards, they meet at the top of the tower to take in the view of the ancient capital. Venti enlightens the Traveler and Paimon on what Windblumes are, and what the spirit of the festival is all about. A cutscene plays as he speaks his thoughts aloud, featuring the various characters the Traveler has met over the course of the festival. Shortly after, Dvalin soars by.

====World Quests====
*[[Windblumes and Snowflakes]]
*[[Windblume Research Report]]

==Story Characters==
The following playable [[characters]] appear in event Story Quests:

{| class="article-table sortable" style="text-align:center;"
!Character !! Act I !! Act II !! Act III !! Act IV
|-
|[[Albedo]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Amber]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Barbara]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Bennett]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Diluc]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Jean]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Kaeya]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Lisa]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Noelle]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Razor]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Rosaria]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Sucrose]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|-
|[[Venti]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|Yes}}
|}

==Event NPCs==
The following NPCs only appear as part of this event, either as regular NPCs that appear in the open world or as quest-only NPCs:

{| class="article-table sortable" style="text-align:center;"
!NPC !! Open World !! Quests !! class="unsortable"|Notes
|-
|[[Lizzie]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes|Lizzie|Events}} || NPC for [[Bullseye Balloons (Quest)|Bullseye Balloons]], [[Ballads of Breeze]], and [[Floral Freefall]]
|-
|[[Plauen]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes|Peculiar Wonderland (Quest)}} || NPC for [[Peculiar Wonderland]]
|}

==NPC Interactions==
The following is a list of regular (not event-exclusive) NPCs who appear in Event Quests and/or have unique idle quotes and dialogue for the Invitation of Windblume event.

{| class="article-table sortable" style="text-align:center;"
! Name !! Quests !! Idle Quotes !! Dialogue
|-
| [[Albert]] || {{check|yes|Albert|Events}} || {{check|yes|Albert|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Albert|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Allan]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Allan|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Allan|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Beatrice]] || {{check|yes|Beatrice|Events}} || {{check|yes|Beatrice|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Beatrice|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Brook]] || {{check|yes|Brook|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Bruce]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Bruce|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Bruce|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Cyrus]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Cyrus|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|spec|Cyrus|Invitation of Windblume}}<br /><ref group="Note">Only Cyrus' daytime dialogue changes</ref>
|-
|[[Donna]]||{{Check|?}}||{{Check|yes|Donna|Idle Quotes}}||{{Check|?}}
|-
| [[Doolan]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Doolan|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Doolan|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Dr. Edith]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Dr. Edith|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Dr. Edith|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Ellin]] || {{check|yes|Ellin|Events}} || {{check|?}} || {{check|?}}
|-
| [[Flora]] || {{check|yes|Quinn|Events}} || {{check|?}} || {{check|?}}
|-
| [[Glory]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Glory|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Glory|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Godwin]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Godwin|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Godwin|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Lawrence]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Lawrence|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Lawrence|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Luke]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Luke|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Luke|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Margaret]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Margaret|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Margaret|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Marjorie]] || {{check|yes|Ode to Flower and Cloud}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Marla]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Marla|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Marla|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Marvin]] || {{check|yes|Marvin|Events}} || {{check|yes|Marvin|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Marvin|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Myweiss]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Myweiss|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Myweiss|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Patchi the Curious]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Patchi the Curious|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|spec|Patchi the Curious|Invitation of Windblume}}<br /><ref group="Note">Only Patchi's intro dialogue changes</ref>
|-
| [[Quinn]] || {{check|yes|Quinn|Events}} || {{check|?}} || {{check|?}}
|-
| [[Schulz]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Schulz|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Schulz|Invitation of Windblume}}
|-
| [[Six-Fingered José]] || {{check|?}} || {{check|yes|Six-Fingered José|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Six-Fingered José|Invitation of Windblume}}<br /><ref group="Note">Only José's intro dialogue changes</ref>
|}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

[[pt-br:Convite da Brisa Florescente/História]]