{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120861
|image        = Item Invitation From the Arataki Gang.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = An invitation letter that is loud and colorful in both cast and content. It describes a passionate, freeform, wild, huge, border-crossin' rock 'n' roll festival, in which you shall be a special guest, there to awaken the burning rock 'n' roll soul within all present!
|source1      = [[This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...]]
|event        = Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness
}}
'''Invitation From the Arataki Gang''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...}}.

==Text==
<big>
Hahahahaha! Wanna guess who this is from?<br>
&mdash;Bingo! It's [[Arataki Itto|me]], amigo! That's right, your bestest bud who's been down here in Inazuma missing you! Hahahahaha!
</big>

I recently ran into a new [[Dvorak|Fontainian friend]], and he said they've got a music festival called the "[[Iridescence Tour]]" over there! Now, yours truly instantly thought of that [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival (Quest)|Drumalong Festival]] we had last time, and how we drummed it up on [[Amakane Island]], singing and scarfing Roasted Lavender Melons! Aw yeah, now those are some great memories! You haven't forgotten either, right, compadre? (But yeah it'd be great if you could forget the part about the [[Tenryou Commission]] botching their jobs and arresting me, totally by mistake.)

So this time, I've decided to work with my new pal and host an even bigger, even badder, even wilder musical party, and it's gonna be called the [[Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness]]! Whaddaya think? Doesn't the name alone just set your soul on fire?

So stop dragging your feet and get your tushy on over to [[Watatsumi Island]], 'cuz the One and Oni has still got a lot to say.

Be there or be square!

If you're a no-show then there's no show!

Disclaimer: Of course I didn't have [[Kuki Shinobu|Shinobu]] transcribe this for me!

''(He totally did)''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Invitation From the Arataki Gang
|zhs     = 荒泷派的邀请函
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 荒瀧派的邀請函
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = 荒瀧派の招待状
|ja_rm   = Arataki-ha no Shoutaijou
|ko      = 아라타키파의 초대장
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Carta de invitación de la Banda de Arataki
|fr      = Invitation du gang Arataki
|ru      = Приглашение от банды Аратаки
|th      = จดหมายเชิญจากแก๊ง Arataki
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Thư Mời Của Bang Arataki
|de      = Einladung von der Arataki-Bande
|id      = Undangan dari Geng Arataki
|pt      = Convite da Gangue Arataki
|tr      = Arataki Çetesinden Davet
|it      = Invito della Banda di Arataki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[pt-br:Convite da Gangue Arataki]]
[[ru:Приглашение от банды Аратаки]]
[[vi:Thư Mời Của Bang Arataki]]