{{EventTabs
|subpage1 = Festive Challenges
|subpage2 = Peculiar Wonderland
}}
{{About|the Flagship Event|the cutscene soundtrack|Invitation of Windblume (The Shimmering Voyage)|the trailer soundtrack|Invitation of Windblume (Footprints of the Traveler)}}
{{Event
|name              = Invitation of Windblume
|image             = Invitation of Windblume.png
|type              = In-Game
|type2             = Flagship
|event             = Windblume Festival
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-03-19 10:00:00
|time_end          = 2021-04-05 03:59:59
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/9371
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/9439
|reward            = Windblume Ode
|rewardType        = Weapon
}}

'''Invitation of Windblume''' is a [[Flagship Event]] in [[Version 1.4]]. This event celebrates [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Windblume Festival]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* Gameplay Duration: 2021/03/19 10:00 – 2021/04/05 03:59
* Event Shop Duration: 2021/03/19 10:00 – 2021/04/12 03:59

===Requirements===
*[[Adventure Rank]] 20 or above
*Complete [[Archon Quest]] Prologue: Act III - [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]

===Event Rules===
Take part in challenges during the Windblume Festival to obtain two currencies: {{Item|Festive Tour Ticket|20}} and {{Item|Peculiar Collab Coupon|20}}. Spend these currencies at the Event Shop to purchase the event-exclusive weapon [[Windblume Ode]] and its exclusive refinement material "[[The Visible Winds]]" as well as the [[Crown of Insight]] and more.

==Festive Anecdotes==
{{main|Invitation of Windblume/Story|l1=Story}}
A series of Windblume Festival quests will become available during the event period. Four acts of "Festive Anecdotes" will unlock over the course of the event, each bringing new quests. Complete these quests to win rewards including Primogems, Character EXP Materials, and Mora.
{| class="wikitable tdc1"
! Act !! Name !! Start Time !! End Time
|-
| I || [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]<br />- [[Those Hard-to-Reach Places]]<br />- [["Quiet, please, this is a library!"]]|| 2021-03-19 10:00 || rowspan=4 | 2021-04-05 03:59
|-
| II || [[Missive of Cloud and Fog]]<br />- [[Flavor of the Month]]<br />- [[Windbrew]]|| 2021-03-22 04:00
|-
| III || [[Realm of Fog and Wind]]<br />- [[The Sound of Discord]]<br />- [[Adventurers in Windblume]] || 2021-03-25 04:00
|-
| IV || [[Dream of Wind and Flowers]]<br />- [[Windblumes and Snowflakes]]<br />- [[Windblume Research Report]] || 2021-03-28 04:00
|}

==Festive Challenges==
{{Main|Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges|l1=Festive Challenges}}
Travelers can participate in three types of Festive Challenges during the event: Bullseye Balloons, Floral Freefall, and Ballads of Breeze. Complete the challenges to obtain Festive Tour Tickets.
*A new stage will be unlocked for each Festive Challenge during each act. In single player mode, beat certain scores to win prizes off the corresponding characters.
*In Co-Op Mode, you can try to best your friends in Bullseye Balloons and Floral Freefall challenges.
*Festive Tour Tickets can only be obtained by completing Festive Challenges in single player mode.

===Challenges===
* [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Bullseye Balloons|Bullseye Balloons]]
* [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Floral Freefall|Floral Freefall]]
* [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Ballads of Breeze|Ballads of Breeze]]

==Peculiar Wonderland==
{{Main|Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland|l1=Peculiar Wonderland}}
During the event, complete the quest "Peculiar Wonderland" to unlock the Peculiar Wonderland. After the Windblume Festival begins, more activities will appear in the Peculiar Wonderland as the event progresses, including Peculiar Challenges, Peculiar Trials, and Peculiar Conqueror tasks. Travelers can complete the challenges to obtain Peculiar Collab Coupons.
*Each round of the Peculiar Wonderland is made up of three Peculiar Challenges and one Peculiar Trial. Up to three blessings can be activated according to your performance in the Peculiar Challenges. Travelers can use blessings in the Peculiar Trial to aid them in completing the challenge more quickly.
*Different Peculiar Conqueror tasks will be unlocked when each act opens, and Peculiar Trials will also change. Peculiar Trials of previous acts will no longer appear.
*Complete designated Peculiar Conqueror tasks to obtain Primogems, Character Talent Materials, Mora, and other rewards.
===Challenges===
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#Bubble Speedster|Bubble Speedster]]
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#The Great Bubble Crash|The Great Bubble Crash]]
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#Barrage Minuet|Barrage Minuet]]
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#Windblume Blessing|Windblume Blessing]]
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#Stepping Stone Antics|Stepping Stone Antics]]
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#No Landing!|No Landing!]]
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#Shimmering Path|Shimmering Path]]
*[[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland#One-Way Traffic|One-Way Traffic]]

==Event Shops==
'''Note:''' After 2021/04/12 03:59:59, any remaining Festive Tour Tickets and Peculiar Collab Coupons will automatically disappear. Please make sure to exchange them for rewards in time.
===Festive Tour Ticket===
{{Shop/Header|currency=Festive Tour Ticket|total=1|type=Event}}
{{Shop|Crown of Insight|400|1|total=1}}
{{Shop|Windblume Festival Commemorative Balloon|280|1|total=1}}
{{Shop|Windsong Lyre|280|1|total=1}}
{{Shop|Guide to Freedom|20|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Philosophies of Freedom|60|2|total=1}}
{{Shop|Guide to Resistance|20|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Philosophies of Resistance|60|2|total=1}}
{{Shop|Guide to Ballad|20|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Philosophies of Ballad|60|2|total=1}}
{{Shop|Guide to Prosperity|20|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Philosophies of Prosperity|60|2|total=1}}
{{Shop|Guide to Diligence|20|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Philosophies of Diligence|60|2|total=1}}
{{Shop|Guide to Gold|20|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Philosophies of Gold|60|2|total=1}}
{{Shop/Footer|total=2,400}}
'''Notes'''
*{{Item|Windblume Festival Commemorative Balloon|20}} - Can only be exchanged for after reaching the '''Balloon Hunter''' rank in all [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Bullseye Balloons|Bullseye Balloons]] challenges.
*{{Item|Windsong Lyre|20}} - Can only be exchanged for after all "[[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Ballads of Breeze|Ballads of Breeze]]" challenges have been completed in '''Normal Mode'''.

===Peculiar Collab Coupon===
{{Shop/Header|currency=Peculiar Collab Coupon|total=1|type=Event}}
{{Shop|Windblume Ode|700|1|total=1}}
{{Shop|"The Visible Winds"|500|4|total=1}}
{{Shop|Chains of the Dandelion Gladiator|15|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Debris of Decarabian's City|15|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth|15|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Lustrous Stone from Guyun|15|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir|15|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Piece of Aerosiderite|15|6|total=1}}
{{Shop|Hero's Wit|10|30|total=1}}
{{Shop|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5|20|total=1}}
{{Shop|Mora|10|30|x=10000|total=1}}
{{Shop|Dust of Azoth|3|20|x=6|total=1}}
{{Shop/Footer|total=4,000}}

==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = Windborne Blossoms
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}} Reach 2,600 points in Bullseye Balloons: Tower Waltz
|exp1     = 1,500
|mission2 = {{Color|[Event]}} Reach 3,000 points in Floral Freefall: Windrise
|exp2     = 1,500
|mission3 = {{Color|[Event]}} Reach 2,200 points in Ballads of Breeze: Fondest Strength on Pro Mode
|exp3     = 1,500
|mission4 = {{Color|[Event]}} Complete all Peculiar Conqueror tasks in Peculiar Wonderland
|exp4     = 2,250
}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/I3AhYd0ObY0
|caption1 = How to avoid falling in the Shimmering Path

|video2   = https://youtu.be/6ZbGpmgh7T4
|caption2 = How to dodge the bubbles
}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 1,000
|Mora = 1,220,000
|Hero's Wit = 82
|Crown of Insight = 1
|Windblume Ode = 1
|"The Visible Winds" = 4
|Windblume Festival Commemorative Balloon = 1
|Windsong Lyre = 1
|Philosophies of Freedom = 2
|Guide to Freedom = 10
|Philosophies of Resistance = 2
|Guide to Resistance = 10
|Philosophies of Ballad = 2
|Guide to Ballad = 10
|Philosophies of Prosperity = 2
|Guide to Prosperity = 10
|Philosophies of Diligence = 2
|Guide to Diligence = 10
|Philosophies of Gold = 2
|Guide to Gold = 10
|Chains of the Dandelion Gladiator = 6
|Debris of Decarabian's City = 6
|Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth = 6
|Lustrous Stone from Guyun = 6
|Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir = 6
|Piece of Aerosiderite = 6
|Dust of Azoth = 120
|sort = Primogem,Crown of Insight,Windblume Ode,"The Visible Winds",Windblume Festival Commemorative Balloon,Windsong Lyre,Mora,Hero's Wit,Dust of Azoth,Philosophies of Freedom,Guide to Freedom,Philosophies of Resistance,Guide to Resistance,Philosophies of Ballad,Guide to Ballad,Philosophies of Prosperity,Guide to Prosperity,Philosophies of Diligence,Guide to Diligence,Philosophies of Gold,Guide to Gold,Chains of the Dandelion Gladiator,Debris of Decarabian's City,Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth,Lustrous Stone from Guyun,Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir,Piece of Aerosiderite
}}
{{Event Rewards
|type = Event Items
|Festive Tour Ticket = 2,400
|Peculiar Collab Coupon = 4,000
|sort = Festive Tour Ticket,Peculiar Collab Coupon
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Invitation of Windblume
|zhs     = 风花的邀约
|zhs_rm  = Fēnghuā de Yāoyuē
|zht     = 風花的邀約
|zht_rm  = Fēnghuā de Yāoyuē
|zh_tl   = Invitation of the Wind Flower
|ja      = {{rubi|風花|ウィンドブルーム}}の招待
|ja_rm   = Windoburuumu no Shoutai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Invitation of Windblume
|ko      = 윈드블룸의 초대
|ko_rm   = Windeubeullum-ui Chodae
|ko_tl   = Invitation of Windblume
|es      = Encuentro con las flores de viento
|es_tl   = Encounter With the Wind Flowers
|fr      = Invitation des alizées
|fr_tl   = Invitation of {{Lex|Windblumes|fr}}
|ru      = Приглашение ветряных цветов
|ru_tl   = Invitation of Wind Flowers
|th      = เสียงกระซิบจากดอกไม้
|th_rm   = Siang Krasip Chak Dokmai
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lời Mời Của Hoa Gió
|vi_tl   = Invitation of the Wind Flower
|de      = Windblumeneinladung
|de_tl   = Windblume Invitation
|id      = Undangan Windblume
|id_tl   = Windblume's Invitation
|pt      = Convite da Brisa Florescente
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rüzgarçiçeği Daveti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Invito del Florvento
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[es:Encuentro con las flores de viento]]
[[ja:風花の招待]]
[[pt-br:Convite da Brisa Florescente]]
[[ru:Приглашение ветряных цветов]]