{{Community}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image = 
|type  = Combat
}}
'''Invincibility frames''', often shortened to '''i-frames''', refers to frames where characters or enemies cannot receive certain damage, either by temporarily disabling their hitbox, or by being granted temporary full invulnerability.

==Types==
===Hitbox Removal===
Hitbox-removing i-frames work by temporarily disabling your character's hitbox (invisible model used for collision detection) to most attacks, making them unable to hit the character. Some attacks however cannot be avoided using hitbox-removing i-frames, such as [[Beneath the Dragon-Queller|Azhdaha]]'s Body Slam attack.

Hitbox-removing i-frames are granted to players after [[Sprinting#Dash|Dashing]] (including using an [[Alternate Sprint]]). Dash i-frames start '''40ms''' after pressing the dash button and last for '''300ms'''<ref>Source Data: [https://github.com/Dimbreath/GenshinData/blob/9ea6dc32920e1176d938defb4a7b8cf42fe4f60c/BinOutput/Ability/Temp/AvatarAbilities/ConfigAbility_Avatar_Common.json Character Abilities]</ref>.

Although some [[Normal Attack]]s and [[Elemental Skill]]s can make the character briefly disappear, they do not grant i-frames.

===Damage Nullification===
Damage-nullifying i-frames temporarily grant your character full invulnerability, nullifying all incoming damage, including those that cannot be avoided using hitbox-removing i-frames, and those from status effects such as [[Sheer Cold]] and [[Corrosion]]. However, due to your character's hitbox still being present, most status effects such as Corrosion, [[Beneath the Dragon-Queller#Ley Line Disorder|Azhdaha's Ley Line Disorder]], [[Enter the Golden House|Childe's Riptide]], and most elemental statuses will apply as normal on hit. The only exceptions are the {{Cryo}} and {{Hydro}} statuses, which cannot apply during damage-nullifying i-frames.

Damage-nullifying i-frames can be granted to players by casting any [[Elemental Burst]], casting the hold version of [[Mona]]'s [[Mirror Reflection of Doom]], or tapping [[Parry]] near the precise moment of an incoming hit. Damage-nullifying i-frames are also granted for about three seconds after a forced switch due to a character death. The duration of the i-frames vary between talents.

==Previews==
===Hitbox Removal===
{{Preview
|size=185px
|file1=Dash I-Frame
|caption1=Dash i-frames

|file2=Azhdaha Earthshock Geo
|caption2=Alternate Sprint i-frames
}}

===Damage Nullification===
{{Preview
|size=185px
|file1=Mona Hold E I-Frame
|caption1=Mirror Reflection of Doom i-frames

|file2=Elemental Burst I-Frame
|caption2=Elemental Burst i-frames

|file3=Forced Switch I-Frame
|caption3=Forced Switch i-frames

|file4=Perfect Parry
|caption4=Perfect Parry i-frames
}}

==Enemies==
Certain enemies can also grant themselves invincibility frames, while performing certain attacks or transitioning to a new phase.

When enemies are in an invincible state, characters can still generate [[Energy]] particles by casting their [[Elemental Skill]]s, or trigger certain passive effects that require hits to land, such as that of [[The Black Sword]]. However, you will not be able to score [[Critical Hit]]s, therefore passives such as that of the [[Favonius Series]] weapons cannot trigger. Exceptions to this rule include all [[Ruin Machines]] while activating from their idle state, during which hits on them will not register at all.

Enemies that utilize i-frames include:

{{Enemies by Category List|header=1}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox}}
[[th:เฟรมอมตะ]]