{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08000
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = IV
|act           = We Will Be Reunited
|part          = 1
|description   = You hear from [[Ganyu]] and [[Lan]] that the [[Treasure Hoarders]] of [[Mondstadt]] and [[Liyue]] have banded together and plan to get involved in some ruins associated with the [[Abyss Order]]. Fearing the chaos that the Treasure Hoarders might cause through their involvement, you take up the commission and investigate...
|requirement   = Complete [[The Meaning of Lupical]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Bough Keeper: Dainsleif
|next          = A Herald Without Adherents
|exp           = 650
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Ganyu;Lan;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|4|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Go near the Adventurers' Guild Bulletin Board
# Go to the [[Call of the Abyss|ruins]]
# Follow the Treasure Hoarders
# Check out the depths of the ruins
# Flee the ruins
# Negotiate with the [[Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents|Abyss Herald]]
# Talk to the Abyss Herald
# Leave the ruins

==Notes==
* After the cutscene with the Grand Thief, the player is granted the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[The Bandit, the Lunatic, and the Pitch-Black Enigma]]."
* Completing this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Where Fate Comes to a Crossroads]]."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Lan)
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 01.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Yes, yes. They have the audacity to go after anything.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 02.ogg}} '''Lan:''' The Seven, dragons, gods... no ancient artifacts that relates can escape their greedy ambitions.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 03.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Still, this time is different... Who do they think they are going after the Abyss Orders treasures...?
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 04.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Oh, Traveler, it's you.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Ganyu, what are you doing here with Lan? Do you have a commission you need to post?
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hello, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' We were just discussing the Treasure Hoarders.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 05.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Yes, we were just saying how even the audacious Treasure Hoarders should know better than to mess with the Abyss &mdash; it's just too evil.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But we recently received intel from the Ministry of Civil Affairs that two big-time Treasure Hoarders in Liyue and Mondstadt are planning some big joint operation.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Two big-time Treasure Hoarders"?
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 06.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Yes, they're known as "[[Yan'er|Big Sis]] of the South" and "[[Raptor]] of the North."
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh! Raptor! Paimon remembers he tried to run away from [[Amber]] in Mondstadt... But who is "Big Sis of the South"?
:{{DIcon}} Does "Big Sis" mean she bosses people around?
:{{DIcon}} Is she the "Boss" the Treasure Hoarders refer to?
::{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 07b.ogg}} '''Lan:''' You already know something then. I guess you must have crossed paths with the Treasure Hoarders many times before.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 07b 1.ogg}} '''Lan:''' You are correct. She is the head of the Treasure Hoarders in Liyue. As I understand it, the Treasure Hoarders all call her "Boss."
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 08.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Some say that the God of Thieves even bestowed a gift upon her for her exploits, making her the "Big Sis of the Gods." ...But that's probably just a wild rumor.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Anyway, the Treasure Hoarders discovered some previously unexplored ruins that the Abyss Order has been secretly guarding in the shadows.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Despite how dangerous that makes it, all the Treasure Hoarders can think about is what kinds of treasure could be inside...
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' They have already devised a plan: they will send out a decoy to divert the Abyss Order's forces away from the ruins, then send an expert thief inside to steal the treasure.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 09.ogg}} '''Lan:''' To this end, Big Sis and Raptor have reportedly recruited a certain "[[Grand Thief]]" from Fontaine...
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Grand Thief"? That's quite an impressive-sounding title.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 10.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Indeed. He is an extraordinary individual.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 11.ogg}} '''Lan:''' The Grand Thief is highly respected in the Treasure Hoarders, in the same way that we adventurer's look up to great adventurers.
:{{DIcon}} Just like the famous adventurer, [[Alice]]?
::{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 12a.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Ah, so you're familiar with the author of the [[Teyvat Travel Guide]], then? Correct, the Grand Thief is someone as renowned as her.
:{{DIcon}} Just like the great adventurer, [[Stanley]]?
::{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 12b.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Ah, you met the living legend himself while you were in Mondstadt? Correct, the Grand Thief is someone just as renowned as him.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 12b 1.ogg}} '''Lan:''' So, despite being relative big-timers in Liyue and Mondstadt, Big Sis and Raptor had to put in a lot of work to convince a thief of his status to come and personally oversee this operation.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' With the major changes in Liyue recently, the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the Millelith already have their hands full. They don't have time to investigate rumors about Treasure Hoarder activity.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But anything related to the Abyss makes me feel like there is some unknown danger lurking beneath the surface.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' So, I decided to come to the Adventurers' Guild to post a commission.
:{{DIcon}} Well, since I'm here....
:{{DIcon}} I, too, understand the dangers of the Abyss.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmmm! Leave this commission to us!
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh, thank you so much.
:{{A|vo szaq001 1 lan 13.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Good to see this in the hands of a reliable Guild member. Well then, good luck. The Guild will take care of the details for this commission.
----
;{{Color|menu|Following the Treasure Hoarders' trail, you enter the [[Call of the Abyss|ruins]] Ganyu and Lan spoke of.}}
;(Approach the camp near the first door)
:{{A|vo szaq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are signs of Treasure Hoarder activity here! They must've come to these ruins.
:{{A|vo szaq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go deeper inside... Paimon sure hopes Ganyu's information is reliable...

;(Approach the hilichurls)
:{{A|vo szaq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There aren't many guards here...
:{{A|vo szaq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like their plan to draw away the Abyss Order's forces really worked!

;(Approach the camp near the hallway with bubbles)
:{{A|vo szaq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' More signs that a Treasure Hoarder was here! This should be the right direction, but...
:{{A|vo szaq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why does it feel stranger and stranger the deeper we make it into these ruins?
:{{A|vo szaq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, um... Be careful, now! Paimon's right behind you...
----
;(Enter the depths of the ruins)
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;This looks like a person!
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could it be the Grand Thief?
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why is he in that position? Is he praying to something?
:;(The [[Defiled Statue|Statue of the Seven]] explodes with Abyssal energy)
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' !?
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's...
:{{DIcon}} A... Statue of the Seven?
:{{DIcon}} Some strange thing that I've never seen.
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Why is this Statue of The Seven... hanging upside-down...?
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And the Statue's hands... Paimon remembers they are normally holding an orb, right?
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, this statue is holding... What is that?
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Paimon has a really bad feeling about this...
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And the Grand Thief hasn't moved an inch. D&mdash;Do you think he's...?
:;(Paimon approaches the Grand Thief)
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... hello...? Are you okay mister?
:'''Observe the "Grand Thief":''' (There's no reaction, nor any sign of breathing.)
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...H&mdash;He's dead.
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't feel so good, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} What a terrible place...
:{{DIcon}} How did he die...?
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get out of here, and fast! We should report back to Ganyu and Lan...
:;(The ground shakes)
:{{A|vo szaq001 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah, now what!?

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo szaq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can't stay here. Quick, run!
----
;(Approach the Abyss Herald)
:{{A|vo szaq001 5 abyssinvoker 01.ogg}} '''???:''' You cannot spy on the secrets of the Abyss.
:{{A|vo szaq001 5 abyssinvoker 02.ogg}} '''???:''' You have come here, you have seen our secrets. For this, you must pay the price.
:{{A|vo szaq001 5 abyssinvoker 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' As a Herald, I will mete out your punishment.
:{{A|vo szaq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An Abyss Herald!?
:{{DIcon}} The one Dain spoke of...
:{{DIcon}} The monster we were tracking with Dain...
:{{A|vo szaq001 5 abyssinvoker 04.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Dain... [[Dainsleif]]? Oh, I thought you were just a couple of pests that stumbled in here by mistake... So, you are with Dainsleif, that constant annoyance in our affairs...
:{{A|vo szaq001 5 abyssinvoker 05.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Did he send you here to die? His resistance against the Abyss has gone nowhere for a long time. There is nothing you can do to change the tide...
:{{A|vo szaq001 5 abyssinvoker 06.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' The Abyss... is unstoppable!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo szaq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is this power...? Paimon's never seen it before...
:{{A|vo szaq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Careful, please don't get cocky...
----
;(After defeating the Abyss Herald)
:{{A|vo szaq001 7 abyssinvoker 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' This power... It seems familiar...
:{{A|vo szaq001 7 abyssinvoker 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Hmph...!
:{{A|vo szaq001 7 abyssinvoker 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' I see... So, it's you... you are the one!
:{{A|vo szaq001 7 abyssinvoker 04.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' In that case, I shall stay here no longer...
:;(The Abyss Herald summons a portal and disappears)
:{{A|vo szaq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... what a tough battle. Are you okay, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo szaq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Such a strong enemy. Who knew the Abyss Order had monsters this powerful among them?
:{{DIcon}} (It seemed to... know me.)
:{{A|vo szaq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What is it? What are you thinking about?
:{{DIcon}} Nothing, let's just get out of here.
:{{A|vo szaq001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right, yeah... We're near the exit now. Let's get outta this scary place before something even more dangerous shows up!

:'''''The Traveler and Paimon swiftly leave the ruins...'''''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Involuntary Sacrifice
|zhs     = 非自愿的祭献
|zhs_rm  = Fēi Zìyuàn de Jì Xiàn
|zht     = 非自願的祭獻
|zht_rm  = Fēi Zìyuàn de Jì Xiàn
|zh_tl   = Involuntary Sacrifice
|ja      = 望まれない供犠
|ja_rm   = Nozomarenai Kugi
|ja_tl   = Undesired Sacrifice
|ko      = 본의 아닌 제헌
|ko_rm   = Bonui Anin Jeheon
|ko_tl   = Undesired Sacrifice
|es      = Sacrificio involuntario
|es_tl   = Involuntary Sacrifice
|fr      = Sacrifice involontaire
|fr_tl   = Involuntary Sacrifice
|ru      = Принудительное жертвоприношение
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ของบูชาที่ไม่เต็มใจ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Involuntary Sacrifice
|vi      = {{tt|Hiến Tế|獻祭}} Không {{tt|Tự Nguyện|自願}}
|vi_tl   = Involuntary Sacrifice
|de      = Unfreiwilliges Opfer
|de_tl   = Involuntary Victim
|id      = Pengorbanan yang Tidak Disengaja
|id_tl   = Involuntary Sacrifice
|pt      = Sacrifício Involuntário
|pt_tl   = Involuntary Sacrifice
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]
[[pt-br:Sacrifício Involuntário]]