{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73016
|image         = World Quest Irate Iron Chunk.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Varuna Gatha
|part          = 
|characters    = Arabalika; Aranakula; Arapandu; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ruins of Dahri]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Ruins of Dahri
|prev          = Varuna Gatha (Quest)
|next          = A Prayer for Rain on the Fecund Land
|concurrent    = Memory of Stone
|concurrent2   = Slumbering Roots
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
}}
'''''Irate Iron Chunk''''' is a quest in the [[Varuna Gatha]] quest series. It is automatically received after completing the [[Varuna Gatha (Quest)|Varuna Gatha]] World Quest.

==Steps==
# Head to the [[Ruins of Dahri]] to look for [[Arabalika]]
# Defeat the [[Ruin Guard]]
# Defeat the Ruin Guard
# Defeat the Ruin Guard
# Find the mechanism and activate it
# Find the "branch" with Arabalika
# Make the three "leaves" turn towards the "branch"
# Defeat the [[Ruin Grader]]
# Talk to Arabalika

==Gameplay Notes==
* Arabalika will deal {{Color|Dendro DMG}} at set intervals during all fights.
** {{Environmental Damage|7.5|Arabalika's attacks}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Inarticulate Arabalika is exploring the Ruins of Dahri, where "Big Iron Chunks" abound, alone. Though he is a master of Ararakalari, it may be better to check in on him...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' The [[Ruins of Dahri]] [[Arapandu]] spoke of should be around here. [[Arabalika]] should also be nearby, so let's take a look.

;(Approach Arabalika)
:;(Arabalika defeats a Ruin Guard)
:'''Arabalika:''' A Nara... and something that flies?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon's Paimon, and Paimon can fly. Oh, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' You must be Arabalika. Speaking of which, you don't seem afraid of us at all.
:'''Arabalika:''' Golden Nara has Arapandu's scent.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, well, Arapandu did actually ask us to come...
:'''Arabalika:''' No malice. If you wanted to harm Arabalika, you would have attacked when the Big Iron Chunk was still moving.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, yeah, that sure would've been what they call "hitting an Aranara when they're down"... Wait. Hold on, we wouldn't do anything like that.
:'''Arabalika:''' Why not? If Arabalika was your enemy, attacking from both sides is a good tactic. Even animals do it when hunting.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... You have a point.
:{{DIcon}} Getting confused, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' ...Anyway! We definitely won't "hit an Aranara when they're down"!
:{{DIcon}} Aranara are our friends, after all.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, that's right! Aranara are our friends! We won't hurt our friends!
:'''Arabalika:''' Hmph.
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh... Why does he seem dissatisfied...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you didn't leave a good first impression, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' But Paimon doesn't think she did anything wrong... Urgh... Aranara have such strange tempers...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's like this to everyone.
::'''Paimon:''' How's this possible? How can he look so cute but have such a horrible temper...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh right, Arapandu said that Arabalika's [[Ararakalari]] is very powerful. He must have used his Ararakalari to defeat that Ruin Guard earlier!
:'''Arabalika:''' Paimon knows about Ararakalari?
:'''Paimon:''' ...Y&mdash;Yeah, of course Paimon knows! It's... It's that thing! That really, really powerful... ability!
:'''Arabalika:''' Hmph.
:'''Paimon:''' Woah! Paimon feels like he's looking down on Paimon again...
:{{DIcon}} Let's focus on the task at hand.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... We're here to help heal the [[Varuna Contraption]]! We should be able to find a branch and some leaves here too, right? Why doesn't Paimon see them?
:'''Arabalika:''' What branch? What leaves? They are more like roots.
:'''Paimon:''' Really? Is that true? But Arapandu said...
:'''Arabalika:''' The Varuna Contraption gets power from the root system spread throughout Vana.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... That kinda makes sense...
:'''Arabalika:''' And the roots are underground.
:'''Arabalika:''' The Stone and Iron Chunks here do not belong to Aranara. To go down, we must defeat Iron Chunks. Iron Chunks are very strong. But Golden Nara is also not weak.
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! {{Traveler}} has defeated countless Big Iron Chunks already.
:'''Arabalika:''' Oh? Then Arabalika wants to see how strong Nara is!
:;(Arabalika jumps and disappears into the ground)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!? Why did he burrow underground... Oh! Could he have already gone to the Ruin Guard?
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's follow him!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Arabalika is already waiting for us over there. He's so quick...
:'''Arabalika:''' Golden Nara, show Arabalika your skills.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Arabalika doesn't seem to need any help. That being said, it would not hurt to leave a competent impression.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(While fighting the first Ruin Guard)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What is Arabalika doing? Is this some sort of Aranara dance?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... Is this Arabalika's Ararakalari? It's so powerful!

;(After defeating the first Ruin Guard)
:'''Arabalika:''' Not bad, but it's not over yet. Follow Arabalika.
:'''Paimon:''' Woah! He dug a hole in the soil again. Let's follow him.

;(While fighting the second Ruin Guard)
:'''Arabalika:''' Hah!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! Paimon didn't expect Arabalika to be so strong...

;(After defeating the second Ruin Guard)
:'''Arabalika:''' Yes. Almost there. Can Golden Nara keep up?
:'''Paimon:''' Heh! Of course we can! Right, {{Traveler}}?

;(While fighting the third Ruin Guard)
:'''Arabalika:'''  Take this!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... Paimon can't catch any of their moves at all.

;(After defeating the third Ruin Guard)
:'''Arabalika:''' Hmph. Arabalika admits you have some skills.
:'''Paimon:''' He praised us! Hehe.
:'''Arabalika:''' We can prepare to go underground now. Follow me.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, let's follow Arabalika quickly.
;(The player is teleported to platform below)
:'''Arabalika:''' We've defeated the Big Iron Chunk. Follow the water. We will go under the ground.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika has not been here for a long time. Everything has changed. Maybe there are also Big Iron Chunks under the ground. Arabalika smells iron. Bad smell. Be careful.
:'''Arabalika:''' Nara {{Traveler}} is strong. No need to fear. But Paimon is like [[Aranakula]]. Weak. Be careful. Mushroom might eat you.
:'''Paimon:''' Urgh... Anyone would look weak compared to you, okay? We met many Aranara before, but Paimon doesn't think any of them can defeat a Ruin Guard with one blow...
:'''Arabalika:''' Paimon knows too little about Aranara. [[Aradasha]] would defeat a Big Iron Chunk before you could blink.
:'''Arabalika:''' Aradasha's Ararakalari was very powerful in the past.
:'''Paimon:''' In the past? What about now?
:'''Arabalika:''' Now? Aradasha is not in the "now." That's why Arabalika must train even harder. Train Ararakalari.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wishes she could learn how to use Ararakalari too...
:{{DIcon}} If you could, Paimon, I'd leave every battle to you.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, and Paimon would protect {{Traveler}} instead!
::{{DIcon}} I'm counting on you, Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' Leave it to Paimon! You can leave everything to Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon won't be able to learn it.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon can if Paimon tries!
::{{DIcon}} Most people who say that are...
::'''Paimon:''' Should Paimon ask Arabalika to teach Paimon after we eat and rest in a safe place?
:'''Arabalika:''' Paimon loves to dream. A good thing? A bad thing? Can't tell. But we need to look for a stone device. Make water go away. We cannot go underground otherwise.
:'''Arabalika:''' Aranara can dig into the soil, but not water.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, {{Traveler}}, let's have a look around!

;(After activating the mechanism)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! The water really is draining away!
:'''Arabalika:''' Let's go down.
:'''Paimon:''' This is a super deep hole! Is it really to go down like this?
:'''Arabalika:''' Paimon can fly. What is Paimon scared of?
:'''Paimon:''' You're right... Paimon's just worried about {{Traveler}}. Remember to use the wind glider!{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|As Arabalika said, the "branch" is deep underground like roots.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the entrance at the bottom of the hole)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect it to be so deep. No wonder Arabalika said it was like a root.
:'''Arabalika:''' We aren't there yet. Much deeper. Keep going.
:'''Paimon:''' We need to go even deeper?!

;(Enter the cavern)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Why are there so many Ruin Guards here?

;(Approach the "stone branch")
:'''Paimon:''' They seem... they seem broken! They aren't moving at all! Whew. Th&mdash;That really gave Paimon a fright back there.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehehe! So, it's just a bunch of rusty Iron Chunks, eh?
:'''Arabalika:''' Careless Paimon. Vana is dangerous now. You will get in trouble.
:'''Paimon:''' Mm... Arabalika is so strict.
:{{DIcon}} You're just too careless, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Is that true? Well... If Paimon's as strict as Arabalika, will Paimon be as strong as him?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you should be stricter on yourself and not to others.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, then Paimon'll have strict requirements for herself... starting tomorrow!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, since the stone branch is here, now we need to...
:'''Arabalika:''' We need to make three other rocks face it.
:'''Paimon:''' H&mdash;He took the words out of Paimon's mouth...
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Arabalika doesn't talk like the other Aranara. He doesn't use metaphors at all.
:{{DIcon}} It's easier to understand though.
::'''Paimon:''' It really is more direct and easier to understand!
:{{DIcon}} It makes him seem less like an Aranara...
::'''Paimon:''' Well, what would be "more like an Aranara" anyway? Oh well, Paimon doesn't get it.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arapandu thinks a lot. Arabalika doesn't think much. Arabalika only knows how to protect.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arapandu once protected Vana with [[Nara Varuna]]. They drove away the unknown black mud. Healed the Varuna Contraption.
:'''Arabalika:''' It has been a long time since Nara Varuna left Vana. Maybe {{MC|m=she|f=he}} won't come to [[Festival Utsava]] anymore.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arapandu must know. It has been so many years since then. Enough time for a small seed to grow into a towering tree. Nara who leave Vana will never return.
:'''Arabalika:''' But Arapandu wants to heal the Varuna Contraption again. For Vana. For Festival Utsava. For Nara Varuna.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it...
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika never met Nara Varuna, but {{MC|m=her|f=his}} story is remembered by Vana.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika doesn't think as much as Arapandu. Arabalika only knows that he must become strong to protect Aranara and Vana.
:'''Arabalika:''' Nara Varuna is no longer here, but Aranara can still heal the Varuna Contraption.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! We'll help out too!
:'''Arabalika:''' Something is wrong with the smell of iron. Nara {{Traveler}}, Arabalika will leave this to you. Will wait here.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know what you sensed, Arabalika... But oh well. Paimon's sure you know more about the forest than us!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, {{Traveler}}, let's start looking around here for the three scattered leaves.

;(Talk to Arabalika again)
:'''Arabalika:''' Smells of too much iron. Not good.

;(Approach Arabalika after adjusting the "leaves")
:'''Paimon:''' We're back! Huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Why did it start moving?!
:'''Arabalika:''' Paimon, be careful! Huge Iron Chunk is very strong! Nara {{Traveler}}, help Arabalika defeat it!

;(Approach Arabalika after defeating the Ruin Graders)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... That was scary! It's a good thing that Arabalika helped out.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika told you so. Paimon is careless. Will get in trouble.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, alright... Paimon's got it...
:{{DIcon}} Ruin Guards are here to do their job too, you know.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, guards should be guarding something against trespassers. After all, we're outsiders to them.
:'''Arabalika:''' Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon are outsiders to Vana. Not Arabalika. The Huge Iron Chunk is making no sense.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika will teach it sense.
:'''Paimon:''' Woah... Um, Paimon will become more sensible in the future!
:{{DIcon}} I'll hold you to your word, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! Tomorrow... No, starting from now!
:'''Arabalika:''' Only Aranara can awaken the stone here. Leave the rest to Arabalika, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooooh!
:'''Paimon:''' We're one step closer to healing the Varuna Contraption! Once it is healed, there won't be so many spores in [[Apam Woods]] anymore... Just thinking about it makes Paimon's nose itch...
:'''Arabalika:''' The Varuna Contraption will purify rainwater. There will not be black rain or so many spores.
:'''Arabalika:''' But there should still be mushrooms. Be careful, Paimon. You might get eaten by them. Like Aranakula.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes... Paimon'll be careful!
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika no longer needed here. Arabalika will return to the "rest stop" to look for Arapandu. Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon, will you return with Arabalika?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go together.
::'''Arabalika:''' Yes. It is dangerous in Vana. Traveling together is safer.
::'''Arabalika:''' Be careful, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Don't be careless. May Aramuhukunda watch over you.
::{{Black Screen|You follow Arabalika back to the "rest stop"...}}
:;(Teleport to the "rest stop")
:{{DIcon}} I have something else to do.
::'''Arabalika:''' Be careful, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Don't be careless. May Aramuhukunda watch over you.
;(Quest ends)
----
;(Talk to Arabalika or Arapandu at the rest stop, if [[Memory of Stone]] and [[Slumbering Roots]] have not been completed yet)
:'''Arapandu:''' Arabalika is doing fine, but Arabalika is still worried about Aranakula at the Yasna Monument and Arakunti in the Grove of Dreams.
:'''Arapandu:''' Aranakula... There are too many bad mushrooms, if Aranakula was caught once again...
:'''Arabalika:''' Worrying too much won't do any good. The Golden Nara is strong and knocked down that Big Iron Chunk like a great wind blowing over rotten wood.
:'''Arapandu:''' We just need to heal the Varuna Contraption...

;(Talk to Arabalika, Arapandu, or Arakunti at the rest stop, if only [[Memory of Stone]] has not been completed yet)
:'''Arapandu:''' Aranakula is at the Yasna Monument. There's so many bad mushrooms there, Arapandu's worried... Arabalika...
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika won't go.
:'''Arakunti:''' Aranakula knows how to hide. The bad mushrooms definitely won't find him. Why is Arapandu worried?

;(Talk to the Arabalika, Arapandu, or Aranakula at the rest stop, if only [[Slumbering Roots]] has not been completed yet)
:'''Arabalika:''' There were a lot of bad guys at the Yasna Monument, but Aranakula has returned. Good.
:'''Aranakula:''' The Golden Nara evaded the bad guys with Aranakula and cleared the Memory of Stone up...
:'''Aranakula:''' Once the Varuna Contraption is healed, the nursery flowers can be brought back. Aranara won't forget.
:'''Arapandu:''' All that's left now is Arakunti in the Grove of Dreams. When Arakunti returns, we can go get rid of the bad bugs gnawing at the roots of the Varuna Contraption...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Irate Iron Chunk
|zhs     = 忿怒的铁块
|zhs_rm  = Fènnù de Tiěkuài
|zht     = 忿怒的鐵塊
|zht_rm  = Fènnù de Tiěkuài
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 怒れる鉄塊
|ja_rm   = Okoreru Tekkai
|ja_tl   = Angry Iron Chunk
|ko      = 분노의 쇳덩이
|ko_rm   = Bunno-ui Soetdeong'i
|ko_tl   = Furious Iron Chunk
|es      = Un pedazo de hierro furioso
|es_tl   = A Furious Iron Chunk
|fr      = Fer en colère
|fr_tl   = Angry Iron
|ru      = Разъярённая железяка
|ru_tl   = Angry Piece of Iron
|th      = ก้อนเหล็กแสนโกรธเกรี้ยว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khối Sắt Phẫn Nộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zorniger Eisenbrocken
|de_tl   = Irate Iron Chunk
|id      = Bongkahan Besi yang Marah
|id_tl   = Angry Iron Chunk
|pt      = Pedaço de Ferro Furioso
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Öfkeli Demir Parçası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pezzo di ferro adirato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Un pedazo de hierro furioso]]