{{Meta
|missing_summary = yes
}}
{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Xtreme Carnival Ensemble
|subpage2 = Trillion Trinket Trawl
|subpage3 = A Meeting of Melodies
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness
}}
'''Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|30;Ritou Escape Plan|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}.

Recommended Quests: {{Quest|Rise Up, Golden Soul;Transient Dreams|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}.

==Rock'n'Roll Tour==
===List of Acts===
* First Leg - [[This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...]]
* Glorious Finale - [[...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!]]

===Summary===
====First Leg - This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...====
{{Main|This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...}}
''(to be added)''

====...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!====
{{Main|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}}
''(to be added)''

==Open-World NPCs and Interactables==
===Dvorak===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Prior to completion of ''[[...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!]]'')
;(Talk to Dvorak after finishing First Leg)
:{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 03.ogg}}--> '''Dvorak:''' Hello! Would you like to practice some music?
:{{DIcon|Drumalong}} I'll have a go.
:;(During the first interaction)
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 02a 1.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Great. Before you get started, you'll want to calibrate your instrument &mdash; everyone's playing style is slightly different. Lemme help you with that.
::;(Opens calibration setting)
:;(Subsequent interaction)
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 04a 1.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Great! I've been looking forward to hearing you play.
::;(Opens Xtreme Carnival Ensemble event menu)
:{{DIcon|Iridescent Arataki}} I'd like to decorate the venue.
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 02b 1.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 04b 1.ogg}}--> '''Dvorak:''' Oh, really? You've got the things from the list? Great, I'll take those. Thanks so much!
:;(Opens to-do list)
:{{DIcon}} Not right now. Maybe later.
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 04c 1.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' No problem. I'll be here if you need me.
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completion of ''...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!'')
:{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 05.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}. Thanks again for all of your help. Everything went perfectly! I think I'm gonna stay here for a while, and just enjoy the scenery.
:{{DIcon|Drumalong}} I'd like to try playing another song.
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 06a 1.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Sure, no problem. Be my guest.
:{{DIcon}} I'll be back later.
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 06b 1.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Sure thing. Like I said, I'll be here for a while, so you know where to find me.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Langqing===
[[Langqing]] becomes available after completing "A Meeting of Melodies II - Evening Breeze Serenade" and decorating the venue.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Prior to completion of ''...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!'')
:'''Langqing:''' Is that you, {{Traveler}}? Oh my! I've heard so much about you from [[Jifang|Fangfang]].
:{{DIcon}} You have me at a disadvantage, sir.
::'''Langqing:''' Ah, right! I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Langqing. Fangfang is [[Wanwen Bookhouse]]'s Jifang. She's my wife, you see. She was the one who told me about this event.
::'''Langqing:''' I don't know much about rock 'n' roll, but Fangfang says that we should support the latest cultural trends, so here I am.
::'''Langqing:''' I brought some free cultural products as well. They got snapped up in a heartbeat! Ah, if only I'd known, I'd have brought more.
::'''Langqing:''' She also asked me to thank you for the invitation. Had she not been so busy, she would have come down here herself, I'm sure of it.
::'''Langqing:''' I hope you'll enjoy yourself here too.
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Langqing:''' Indeed. See you around.
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completion of ''...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!'')
:'''Langqing:''' Hey! That final performance was really something. Did you see it too, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I thought there was room for improvement.
::'''Langqing:''' That it does, but that's normal. I mean, even books like "How Mora is Made" aren't universally acclaimed.
::'''Langqing:''' Just pick the books you enjoy reading, and listen to your favorite music.
:{{DIcon}} I thought it went pretty well.
::'''Langqing:''' I have to agree! I didn't think that rock 'n' roll of this kind existed, it's even different from the sort Fangfang and I heard in Fontaine. I'd love to collect some literature adjacent to the matter.
::'''Langqing:''' Don't forget to drop by Wanwen Bookhouse more often if you've got the time.
:{{DIcon|Reward}} I think it's great.<!-- First time choosing branch -->
::'''Langqing:''' You like it that much? There's something I need to give you then, haha.
::'''Langqing:''' I already gave out all the cultural souvenirs I brought before, and I feel bad for not holding one back for you... so it looks like this is my chance.
::'''Langqing:''' That Fontainian musician &mdash; you know, the one that carries a guitar around &mdash; said it was alright for me to record the final version of his lyrics and sell them on as music merchandise.
::'''Langqing:''' Here, please take it. It's nothing valuable, but if you like it you can keep it as a souvenir.
:;(Obtain {{Item|"I Got Reincarnated as an Onikabuto... And Flipped the World Upside Down"}})
:{{DIcon}} I think it's great.<!-- Subsequent times -->
::'''Langqing:''' I can tell! If you didn't like it, you wouldn't have come back just to tell me again, haha!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tomoki===
[[Tomoki]] becomes available after completing "A Meeting of Melodies I - Twilight's Glow Nocturne" and decorating the venue.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Tomoki:''' {{Traveler}}! This "Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness" you recommended really is awesome. I've been inspired!
:'''Tomoki:''' Now have a taste of the food I made specifically for the event!
:{{DIcon|Reward}} What kind of creative cuisine is that?
::'''Tomoki:''' Dango Milk that's been marinated in rock, and macerated in roll &mdash; Rock 'n' Roll Dango Milk! Here, have one on me.
::{{DIcon}} It's just regular Dango Milk, right?
::'''Tomoki:''' I wouldn't go that far! At least, it might have been to begin with, but not after hearing all that rock 'n' roll that I made it listen to.
::'''Tomoki:''' That's also why it now tastes like regular Dango Milk that's been lying around for a while.
::'''Tomoki:''' But this way, some customers are even willing to pay double the price of regular Dango Milk just to get their hands on this stuff.
::'''Tomoki:''' Must be the power of rock 'n' roll, eh? It's so mind-blowing that I can't even put it into words.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Rock 'n' Roll Dango Milk}})
:{{DIcon|Shop}} One Dango Milk, please!
::'''Tomoki:''' One Dango Milk, coming right up!
:;(Opens the Shop menu)
:{{DIcon|TCG}} Adventure Challenge
:;(Open Genius Invokation TCG match interface)
:{{DIcon}} See you around.
::'''Tomoki:''' Have fun!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Yae Miko===
On Day 4 only, [[Yae Miko]] becomes available near the stage.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' There you are, little one. I knew I'd find you here.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, it's Miko.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...That's all you have to say? After all this time apart? How devastating.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' To think of all the times that I've sat down beneath the Sacred Sakura, praying for your wellbeing on your travels...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But I think I understand. Another wise and beautiful soul has stolen your heart, haven't they? I'm sure you cast aside the omamori I gave you long ago.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alas, I am but another fleeting passerby on your journey... Oh, woe is me...
:{{DIcon}} I see you haven't lost your sense of humor.
:{{DIcon}} Nonsense, how could I ever forget the amazing Yae Miko!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can always count on Miko to tease {{Traveler}} relentlessly.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 06b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, it's not my fault that {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s the most appealing little Fortune Slip in the world. If I didn't indulge my curiosity by taking a peek inside, goodness knows how I'd sleep at night.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Though I must say, another interesting Fortune Slip caught my attention recently. I believe you've heard of it too.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This "Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness"... Something to do with a dog, apparently.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' My first thought was... I wonder if it could be the Boss of Komore Teahouse, Taroumaru.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Taroumaru!? Yeah, he might actually have what it takes! Hmm, you think he was the one rescuing animals during the war?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Sounds likely, doesn't it? Boss of a teahouse by day, changes outfit after work, then runs to a warzone to save lives... And what a fascinating character it would make for a light novel.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But the question is... Do we think he was only saving animals?
:{{DIcon}} Are you saying you know something?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm just speculating, little one. You know how much I like to let my imagination run wild.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I look forward to opening up this Fortune Slip. Who knows what might be written inside?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Sign-in Board===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' (A sign-in board identical in style to the ones in the city.)
:{{DIcon}} Shikanoin Heizou's Message
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' Itto, I've received your invitation letter. Everyone's happy for you.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' We believe that you've got a good head for event planning. If you work a little harder, I'm sure you'll stop having to report to us all the time.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' So please, take these Lavender Melons with compliments from the Police Station.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' Oh, yes. Madam Kujou Sara also wishes us to pass this message along on her behalf: "The Tenryou Commission is watching you. Do not forget that."
:{{DIcon}} Message from "TCG Buddy Ayato" ''(Available starting on Day 2)''
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' I was delighted to hear that you were holding another festival, Itto. As such, I have commissioned a set of audio equipment as a congratulatory gift.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' Also, I have recently heard the children of Hanamizaka saying, "Ayato of the South, Itto of the North." Could you enlighten me as to what that means?
:{{DIcon}} Thoma's Message ''(Available starting on Day 2)''
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' Hey, Itto, this is your second time organizing this sort of musical event, right? Haha, didn't think you'd move the stage to Watatsumi Island -- opposite Sangonomiya Shrine, no less. Very cool!
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' I asked our Clan Head, and it was agreed that we dispatch a team from Komore Teahouse to help liven up the atmosphere.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' They'll provide tourists with free tea. What do you think? Pretty sweet, eh?
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' Don't worry about it, you're welcome. I'm happy as long as you are!
:{{DIcon}} Yoimiya's Message ''(Available starting on Day 3)''
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' Ah, sorry, my bad! I actually received your letter quite a while ago, but choosing the fireworks proved kinda tricky, and I wasn't familiar with the route, so there were some delays.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' That said, when I got here, I thought everything was going great! The atmosphere's electric, the scenery's beautiful... Ah, I'm going to have a good, long look around.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' I hope the fireworks will fit in well with your gang's rock 'n' roll festival!
:{{DIcon}} Message from "Ramen Buddy" ''(Available starting on Day 4)''
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' Well, well, Sir Arataki, I didn't think you'd remember little old me, your ramen buddy. I've since spent many nights considering how I might express my thanks.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' See that standing sign over there? Yes, that's right, it's your beloved Ms. Hina. It was a last-minute decision, and I spent quite a hefty sum on this one.
::'''"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness":''' You wouldn't disappoint me by not placing it in the most conspicuous of locations, such that Ms. Hina might be put on full display to the people of Watatsumi Island in all her glory, would you?
:{{DIcon}} Leave
{{Dialogue End}}

===Komore Teahouse Signboard===
Starting on Day 2, Komore Teahouse Signboard becomes available near the stage.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Komore Teahouse Signboard:''' Free tea breaks, courtesy of Komore Teahouse. Enjoy to your heart's content!
:'''Komore Teahouse Signboard:''' Please do not touch the [[Sayu|Daruma]]. It is not a staff member.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Strange Daruma===
Starting on Day 2, a [[Sayu|Strange Daruma]] becomes available near the stage.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Strange Daruma:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Pat Head
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 1.ogg}} '''Strange Daruma:''' ...
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 2.ogg}} '''Strange Daruma:''' ...Grow...
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 3.ogg}} '''Strange Daruma:''' ...Can't... grow... taller...
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 4.ogg}} '''Strange Daruma:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Poke Face
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02b 1.ogg}} '''Strange Daruma:''' ...
::{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02b 2.ogg}} '''Strange Daruma:''' ...Mmmm...
:{{DIcon}} Leave.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Letter With Elegant Handwriting===
Starting on Day 2, a letter from [[Shikanoin Heizou]] on the table next to the sign-in board can be interacted with.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' (This letter is elegantly written, and has been signed "Shikanoin Heizou.")
:{{DIcon}} Read the letter
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' I asked some Ritou residents, but none of them have heard of that which you call "ninken" on the battlefield.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' The sheer lack of information quite surpassed my expectations. This is quite strange, even for information that has not yet spread widely.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' I will continue searching for clues.
:{{DIcon}} Read the second letter ''(Available starting on Day 3)''
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' I tried a different approach today, which unexpectedly yielded some relevant information.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' During the war, the International Trade Association had an organization registered with it that specialized in pet treatment and trade known as the "Puppy Union."
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' Its symbol just happens to be a dog wearing a bamboo hat. Not that this proves anything alone, but I found two other suspicious things:
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' 1. After the war, the Puppy Union very quickly canceled its registration.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' 2. The Puppy Union's event funding went through at least six layers of transfers, quite suspicious...
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' I will continue investigating.
:{{DIcon}} Read the third letter ''(Available starting on Day 4)''
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' Well, well, wasn't this quite the day?
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' I tried to investigate the people who had dealings with this Puppy Union as much as I could, and I found two main, hidden sources of funding.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' One is the Foreign Trade Association. In fact, the Union could be considered a subsidiary of the former.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' You may not be aware of the particulars regarding said Union, but they are closely connected to Sangonomiya.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' The second source is more interesting still. You'd never guess, but it's Komore Teahouse, and of course... the Yashiro Commission isn't far behind the curtain.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' A fascinating turn of events, no? Sangonomiya and the Yashiro Commission... I wonder what your little secret is?
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' I have my guesses, but I'll need more evidence to prove it &mdash; details of deals regarding pets.
::'''Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' We should have records of such things at the Police Station. I'll get in touch with Yoriki Owada.
:{{DIcon}} Leave
{{Dialogue End}}

===Shikanoin Heizou's Message===
Available post-quest:
{{Readable|text=
:Oh dear, my apologies!<br><br>
:I've received word from the Commission. There's a new case that requires my immediate attention.<br>
:As for that canine case you were concerned about, I've already got the evidence.<br><br>
:But Yoriki Owada kept warning me not to reveal anything to unrelated persons, so... sorry, but my lips are sealed!<br>
:Oh, but there's a but! It's really unfortunate, but I accidentally misplaced something again. You know, the details concerning new admissions to that "Puppy Union."<br><br>
:I believe it's nearby, so could you help me look for it?<br>
:If you find it, please double-check it to see if it's indeed the evidence, and then find a time to return it to me! Thank you so much!
}}

=== Puppy Union Admission Details ===
Available post-quest:
{{Readable|text=:...<br>
:...Pets admitted for care today...<br>
:Weasel Thief No. 11: Dalang, 6 y/o.<br><br>
:...Pets admitted for care today...<br>
:Weasel Thief No. 12: [[Chouji]], 8 y/o.<br><br>
:...Pets admitted for care today...<br>
:Unagi No. 8: Cocquerel, 35 y/o.<br><br>
:...Pets admitted for care today...<br>
:General Crab No. 3: [[Koharu]], 25 y/o.<br><br>
:...Pets admitted for care today...<br>
:Bake-Danuki No. 5: Kusumi, 60 y/o.<br><br>
:...Pets admitted for care today...<br>
:Unagi No. 9: [[Dvorak]], 40 y/o.<br>
:...<br><br><br>
:Last month, all pets were successfully rescued and most were removed to Ritou. Some special cases were sent overseas via dedicated channels.
}}

==Character Appearances==
===Playable Characters===
The following [[playable characters]] appear in this event in Event Story Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! First Leg !! Glorious Finale !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Arataki Itto]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Gorou]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Sayu]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || Available starting on Day 2 as the Strange Daruma
|-
|[[Kuki Shinobu]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Raiden Shogun]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Shikanoin Heizou]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Thoma]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Yae Miko]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || Available only on Day 4
|-
|[[Yoimiya]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|}

===Other Notable Characters===
The following notable non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, or in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! First Leg !! Glorious Finale !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Dvorak]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || Available after First Leg, and also serves as the NPC for [[Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness/Xtreme Carnival Ensemble|Xtreme Carnival Ensemble]]
|}

===Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters===
The following non-playable characters only appear during this event in Event Story Quests, subevents, or in the open world.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Open World !! Notes
|-
|[[Langqing]] || {{check|spec|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}} || {{check|yes}} || Available after completing "A Meeting of Melodies II - Evening Breeze Serenade" and decorating the venue
|-
|[[Akira]] || {{check|spec|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Genta]] || {{check|spec|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Mamoru]] || {{check|spec|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}} || {{check|no}} || 
|}
{{check|spec}} &mdash; Appears in cinematic only

===Regular Non-Playable Characters===
The following regular (not event-exclusive) non-playable characters appear in Event Story Quests, subevents, or in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Open World !! Notes
|-
|[[Aoi]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|-
|[[Charles]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|-
|[[Flora]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|-
|[[Jifang]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|-
|[[Linlang]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|-
|[[Marjorie]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|-
|[[Michiru]] || {{check|spec|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Tomoki]] || {{check|spec|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}} || {{check|yes}} || Available during and after completing "A Meeting of Melodies I - Twilight's Glow Nocturne" and decorating the venue
|-
|[[Tsuyuko]] || {{check|spec|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Xingxi]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|-
|[[Yukio]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
|}
{{check|spec}} &mdash; Appears in cinematic only

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[pt-br:Tour Iridescente da Força Viva de Rock Arataki/História]]
[[ru:Грандиозное рок-турне «Многоцветье самой жизни в стиле Аратаки»/История]]
[[vi:Sắc Màu Lưu Động Arataki Rock Xuyên Màn Đêm/Cốt Truyện]]