{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Iridescence in Papers
|image             = Iridescence in Papers.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-29 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-02-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/105205
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230129-lantern-vqhoj8/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Blazing fireworks bloom brilliantly, as lucky stars shine upon us. Accompanied by a myriad of melodies, immerse yourself in the sea of iridescent papers.<br>Get together with your friends and prepare for Lantern Rite's stage performance!}}
'''Iridescence in Papers''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.4]].

==Event Duration==
January 29, 2023 12:00 – February 7, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Elegibility==
Travelers who have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above can participate in this event.

==Event Description==
During the event, you can log in to Genshin Impact daily, complete [[Daily Commission]]s, consume [[Original Resin]], and complete other missions to obtain the event item: paper.<br>
You can use the pieces of paper to unlock scrolls and make collages from cut pieces of paper. Afterwards, you can obtain stage accessories to help your companions light up the stage. After the stage is lit, you can earn in-game rewards such as Primogems and other rewards as well as decorations to decorate the main stage with. Adjust the stage decorations and watch Hu Tao and her friends perform on stage to obtain more Primogems and other in-game rewards.

==Obtain Paper==
Travelers can obtain the event item: Paper through the following methods:
# Complete the following actions in Genshin Impact and the web event every day: log into Genshin Impact every day, complete two Daily Commissions, consume 40 Original Resin, and complete other missions to receive the corresponding number of paper pieces.
# Daily missions refresh at 04:00 (Server Time) each day. Unclaimed Paper will also be cleared by then. Please claim and use the Paper in time. Claimed Paper will not be cleared.
# Consume a certain amount of paper to unlock different scrolls. There are five scrolls in total in the event. After a scroll is unlocked, you can repeat the challenge until the paper collage is complete.
* If Travelers try to visit the event around 04:00 daily (Server Time), which is when the daily missions refresh, there might be a brief network error. Please refresh your page if you encounter such a situation.
:{|class="article-table tdc2"
!Mission
!Paper
|-
|Log in to the web event daily (0/1)
|15
|-
|Log in to Genshin Impact daily (0/1)
|15
|-
|Complete 2 Daily Commissions daily (0/2)
|10
|-
|Use 40 Original Resin daily (0/40)
|10
|-
|
*Visit the official Genshin Impact Twitter account
*Visit the official Genshin Impact Facebook page
*Visit the official Genshin Impact YouTube channel
*Visit the official Genshin Impact TikTok account
*Visit the official HoYoLAB website
<!--*Visit the official Genshin Impact Reddit account
*Check out Genshin Impact's Check-In Rewards on HoYoLAB
*Check out the Genshin Impact Lineup Simulator on HoYoLAB
*Check out Hilichurls' Treasure Trove on HoYoLAB-->
|10
|}

==Paper Collage==
# After you consume a certain amount of paper to unlock scrolls, you can click on the scrolls to start creating the collage.
# When carrying out paper cutting, you need to cut out the shape of the part with a single stroke along the dotted lines on the paper. The cut will fail if you don't follow the dotted line, break the line while cutting, or you don't complete the shape properly.
# The paper will not be consumed if the cutting fails, and you can try again multiple times.
# After you successfully cut out the main parts, you will enter the collage phase (Paimon will help you cut out the rest of the pieces).
# When making the collage, you need to put the pieces in the area indicated by the dotted line. After placing all the pieces in the right places and assembling the complete object, the assembly will be considered successful.
* If you quit in the middle of the paper collage process, your progress will not be saved but your Paper will not be consumed. Travelers can try the paper cutting and collage processes many times.
* If Travelers start making the collage around 04:00, which is when the Daily Missions and Stamina refresh, there might be a brief network error. Please refresh your page if you encounter such a situation.

==Stage Decorations==
# When you complete the paper collage, you will receive a corresponding object. Place the corresponding object on the appropriate companion to light up the scroll.
# Each time the scroll is lit, you will receive stage decorations from your companions. You can click the "Decorate" button on the home page and decorate the stage according to your preferences.

==Event Rewards==
Unlock all the scrolls and complete the collage challenge, decorate the stage, and watch the show to receive {{Item|Primogem|x=120|text=Primogems}}, {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=8}}, {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=12}}, and {{Item|Mora|x=100,000}}.
* The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
* This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.

{| class="article-table"
! Challenge
! style="width: 180px;" | Reward
|-
|Unlock and complete the first scroll: "Decorous Harmony"
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Mora|20000}}
|-
|Unlock and complete the second scroll: "Myriad of Lights"
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Mora|40000}}
|-
|Unlock and complete the third scroll: "Crescendo"
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Mora|40000}}
|-
|Unlock and complete the fourth scroll: "Blooming Flowers on Paper"
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|6}}
|-
|Unlock and complete the fifth scroll: "Age of Flowing Hues"
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|6}}
|-
|Use the newly unlocked stage decorations to set the stage once
|{{Card|Primogem|10}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|-
|Light up all the scrolls and enjoy a stage performance once
|{{Card|Primogem|10}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Iridescence in Papers
|zhs     = 剪彩映虹
|zhs_rm  = Jiǎncǎi Yìnghóng
|zht     = 剪彩映虹
|zht_rm  = Jiǎncǎi Yìnghóng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 彩切りて、虹を映ずる
|ja_rm   = Iro Kirite, Niji wo Eizuru{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Upon Cutting Colors, a Rainbow is Reflected
|ko      = 종이에 비친 무지개
|ko_tl   = Rainbow Reflected On Paper
|es      = Gala de la iridiscencia
|es_tl   = Gala of Iridescence
|fr      = Découpages iridescents
|fr_tl   = Iridescent {{w|Decoupage}}
|ru      = Радужные узоры
|ru_tl   = Rainbow Patterns
|th      = ตัดปะแต้มสีสัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cắt Giấy Màu Cầu Vồng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Regenbogenfarben am Himmel
|de_tl   = Rainbow Colors in the Sky
|id      = Pita dan Pelangi
|id_tl   = Ribbon and Rainbow
|pt      = Cerimônia Iridescente
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kurdeleler ve Gökkuşakları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cerimonia Iridescente
|it_tl   = Iridescent Ceremony
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[es:Gala de la iridiscencia]]
[[fr:Découpages iridescents]]
[[pt-br:Cerimônia Iridescente]]
[[ru:Радужные узоры]]