{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Irizar.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Irizar''' is a historical character in ''Genshin Impact''. He was a [[Khaenri'ah]]n soldier.

During the [[Cataclysm]], Irizar and [[Zephaniah]] helped the [[Children of Echoes]] seal away [[Abyss]]al forces beneath the [[Shadow Pins]] in the [[Sulfurous Veins]].<ref name="PS">{{Ref/Quest|Peace to the Slumbering}}</ref>

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Irizar takes on the appearance of a [[Black Serpent Knight: Rockbreaker Ax]].

==Story==
During the Cataclysm, Irizar and Zephaniah worked together with Elder [[Traore]] and other warriors of the Children of Echoes to funnel the Abyssal forces deep into a [[Land of Myriad Megaliths|cavern]] in the Sulfurous Veins. They then stayed back to hold the line while Traore led his people to safety and used the Shadow Pins to seal the Abyss in. However, this also trapped the souls of Irizar and Zephaniah, along with the other warriors who had sacrificed themselves, in an endless battle against the Abyss.

In the Quest ''[[Peace to the Slumbering]]'', the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] accompanied [[Titu]], a storyteller of the Children of Echoes, to the cavern beneath the Shadow Pins. There, they discovered the crystallized figures of Irizar and Zephaniah, from which they could sense the centuries-long pain. The Traveler engaged them in one final battle, after which their souls were finally released.

For a long time, Irizar and Zephaniah were portrayed as villains in the legends of the Children of Echoes. This was by their request; they hoped that a horror story of two evil Khaenri'ahn soldiers would encourage the tribespeople to remain vigilant about the Abyss. However, after learning the truth, Titu declared that he would share the story of their heroism. Since the Traveler had cleansed the [[Abyssal Corruption]] beneath the Shadow Pins, there was no longer a need for Irizar and Zephaniah to serve as a warning. It was high time for them to be recognized for their bravery and selflessness instead.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Irizar
|zhs     = 伊利萨
|zhs_rm  = Yīlìsà
|zht     = 伊利薩
|zht_rm  = Yīlìsà
|ja      = エレアザル
|ko      = 엘르아살
|es      = Irizar
|fr      = Irizar
|ru      = Иризар
|th      = Irizar
|vi      = Irizar
|de      = Irizar
|id      = Irizar
|pt      = Irizar
|tr      = Irizar
|it      = Irizar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}