{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Modifications
}}
__FORCETOC__
==Additions==
===Murder of Niwa Hisahide===
While possibly not a direct, raw addition, [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] was able to ensure that [[Il Dottore]]'s memory of his murder of [[Niwa Hisahide]] was not only stored in Irminsul, but also in a position to eventually appear while [[Scaramouche]] was searching for records of the [[Descender]]s.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call|quote='''Scaramouche:''' ...Anonymous data?}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|As Though Morning Dew|quote=     '''Wanderer:''' Lesser Lord Kusanali, you purposely left that information in Irminsul, didn't you?<br>'''Nahida:''' Yes, and I took pains to make sure that you'd acquire that information naturally.<br>'''Nahida:''' In all honesty, your past experiences have made you a useful asset to Sumeru and to me. Winning you over was indeed a part of my plan.<br>'''Nahida:''' But before that, I wanted to tell you the truth about your past. If all I wanted to do was use you, then I'd be no different from The Doctor.}}</ref> It is unknown whether her ability to do so stems from being the Dendro Archon or just from being able to connect to Irminsul.

===The Traveler's Sibling===
While possibly not a direct addition to Irminsul made by an individual, it is suggested that something can happen to otherworldly outlanders, such as the [[Traveler's sibling]], that can cause records of them to appear in Irminsul when they normally would not.<ref name="toast">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref> Specifically, it is suggested that [[Khaenri'ah]] is related to the reason for the sibling's records in Irminsul.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}</ref>

==Removals==
===Greater Lord Rukkhadevata===
Due to {{No Selflink|Greater Lord Rukkhadevata}}'s connection to Irminsul, her existence was polluted by [[forbidden knowledge]] and thus continued to pollute Irminsul even after her death. During the {{Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}, [[Nahida]] removed Greater Lord Rukkhadevata from {{No Selflink|Irminsul}}.

In addition to successfully removing the pollution from Irminsul, the removal of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata had the following consequences:
* The Akademiya's motivation for imprisoning Lesser Lord Kusanali is changed to be purely because of disappointment in her weakness and lack of wisdom following the [[cataclysm]], with nostalgia and devotion towards Greater Lord Rukkhadevata no longer being involved.<ref name="toast" />
** It is unclear to what extent Nahida was believed to have been imprisoned, as references to her imprisonment were also changed, even though it is still known to have happened. The following stories in Nahida's Story interface in the Character Menu are [[Nahida/Lore#Altered Character Stories|altered]] with such changes: Character Story 4 and Nahida's "Toy Box."
* All Sumeru NPC dialogue that specifically mentioned Greater Lord Rukkhadevata change to instead refer to Lesser Lord Kusanali, either by name or as "the Dendro Archon."
** All instances of "Queen Aranyani" in the voicelines of the [[Aranara]] and the {{Quest|Aranyaka}} were changed to "Dendro Archon" or "Lord of Verdure," implying that they too have forgotten their creator and that in the end, there are things which even the forest cannot remember.
* All item descriptions referring to Rukkhadevata change to no longer refer to her. Affected items include:
** Archive description of [[Kalpalata Lotus]]
** Archive and inventory descriptions of [[Rukkhashava Mushrooms]]
** Archive description of [[Harra Fruit]]
** Archive description of [["The Boon of the Elder Tree"]]
* Books in both the player's inventory and in the Archive change to no longer refer to her. Affected books include:
** [[The Folio of Foliage]]
* [[Nahida]], Rukkhadevata's next incarnation and one of her greatest admirers, forgets about her senior god. She now believes that she has always been the original Dendro Archon of Sumeru and lost her memories and powers due to combating the darkness during the cataclysm. The following stories in Nahida's Story interface in the Character Menu are [[Nahida/Lore#Altered Character Stories|altered]] to reflect this: Character Details, Character Story 1, and Character Story 3.
** Character Story 5 and Gnosis are not unlocked until after the removal of Rukkhadevata and thus do not undergo updates.
** Character Story 4 and Nahida's "Toy Box" are also updated, but the material that was updated is unrelated to Rukkhadevata, as mentioned earlier.
* The other gods also forget Rukkhadevata. "About Buer" voice-overs become available for [[Venti/Voice-Overs#About Buer|Venti]], [[Zhongli/Voice-Overs#About Buer|Zhongli]], and [[Raiden Shogun/Voice-Overs#About Buer|Ei]] after Rukkhadevata's removal from Irminsul, and they talk of "Buer" as if they had always known her, implying that they believe that Kusanali was always the Dendro Archon. Likewise, Nahida believes that she once knew The Seven personally and that she is only missing those memories due to what supposedly happened during the cataclysm.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Nahida|About The Seven: Introduction}}</ref> She believes she should re-establish contact with The Seven, which indicates she has never met with any of them and that in reality, The Seven only met Rukkhadevata and never met Lesser Lord Kusanali.
* Zhongli's Character Story 5 is [[Zhongli/Lore#Altered Character Stories|altered]]. Only the following phrase is altered: "only two remain of the first Seven" to "only two of the first Seven remain in positions of rulership."
* The Traveler's "About Beliefs" voice-over, in which they discuss Rukkhadevata with Paimon, is removed since Paimon no longer remembers Rukkhadevata.<ref group="Note">Removal of the voice-over only happens after completion of the following quest, ''A Toast to Victory'', and thus the entire Act, not after completion of ''Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies''.</ref>

There are two references to Rukkhadevata's name that are shown to persist even after her removal. The first is in the description of [[Rukkhashava Mushrooms]]; its [[Archive]] description is changed to clarify that people believe that the name "Rukkhadevata" refers to a giant tree that once existed in Sumeru. The second is in one of the thrones in [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza]], whose inscription spells out "RUKDVTA" in [[Deshret Script]]; the location's unique properties may have preserved Rukkhadevata's name from the change in Irminsul.

Additionally, the following Weapon and Artifact descriptions, which have not been affected by Irminsul modifications, retain their references to Rukkhadevata:
* The artifact [[Viridescent Venerer's Determination]]
* The weapon [[Fruit of Fulfillment]]

There are also a few references to Rukkhadevata where her identity was obscured instead of preserved, changed, or overwritten:
* [[Nahida/Lore#Character Story 5|Nahida's Character Story 5]] mentions her meeting with Rukkhadevata but blacks out Rukkhadevata's name.
* In {{Quest|What Shape Does the Self Hold}}, the [[Elemental Being: Grounded Geoshroom]]'s voice from its memories is heard attempting to say something, which comes out distorted beyond recognition and is subtitled as a blacked-out line. Based on the story it shared earlier in the quest and its success in preserving its apocalpyse-corrupted memories, it was likely saying Rukkhadevata's name, making it the only known being native to Teyvat that was able to remember her.

===Scaramouche===
{{No Selflink|Scaramouche}} attempted to remove himself from {{No Selflink|Irminsul}} during the {{Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}. He successfully removed all significant traces of his life up to that point, but he himself continued to exist afterward as the [[Wanderer]].

Scaramouche's attempted removal of himself had the following consequences:
* [[Raiden Shogun/Voice-Overs#About Kunikuzushi|Ei]] and [[Yae Miko/Voice-Overs#About Kunikuzushi|Yae Miko]]'s "About Kunikuzushi" voice-overs and [[Tartaglia/Voice-Overs#About The Balladeer|Tartaglia]]'s "About The Balladeer" voice-over are removed.
** Nahida's [[Nahida/Voice-Overs#About The Balladeer|"About The Balladeer"]] voice-over is not removed, even temporarily.
* [[Mikhail]] and [[Lyudmila]]'s dialogue regarding the recent events in Sumeru is slightly altered to discuss Signora instead of Scaramouche, and Mikhail mentions that the Sixth Harbinger's seat has been vacant for hundreds of years.
* [[Viktor]]'s dialogue about Scaramouche in the {{Quest|Equivalent Exchange}} is changed to instead talk about Tartaglia.
* Viktor's mention of Scaramouche in the {{Quest|Return to Days of Winter}} is removed.
* Tatarasuna's known history from 400 years ago, including the [[Tatarasuna Mystery]], was changed to eliminate the kabukimono's presence. The extra tragedies related to him that Dottore brought about due to both his interest in the kabukimono (Scaramouche) and his mission from Pierro to sabotage Tatarasuna still occurred, but are now remembered to have happened through slightly different means. The Traveler personally verifies many of these changes during ''[[A Dance of Destruction]]'' and ''[[The Kabukimono's Finale]]'' immediately following Scaramouche's attempted removal of himself.
** Text regarding a "wandering eccentric" from the ''[[Rather Aged Notes]]'' in Inazuma is removed.
** In [[Aqaba]]'s report, the suspicious figure changes from the "puppet" to a mechanic from Fontaine (Dottore as Escher).
** [[Niwa Hisahide]] is now believed to have died with another swordsmith, both having jumped into the furnace to purge Tatarasuna of its filth and stabilize the furnace. In the original version, Niwa intended to sacrifice himself to stabilize the furnace using Dottore's device, only for Dottore to murder him and extract his heart from his body to power the device. Niwa's fate remained a mystery to the general populace, who believed he had fled with his family.
*** Interestingly, Aqaba and [[Sawada]]'s documents still regard Niwa as having disappeared under mysterious circumstances in the revised history, even though [[Amenoma Tougo]] gives a clear story regarding Niwa's fate.
* Records and memories of the fall of most of the [[Raiden Gokaden]], including the [[Case of the Eccentric]], was heavily altered. The Traveler personally verifies many of these changes during ''A Dance of Destruction'' immediately following Scaramouche's attempted removal of himself.
** The fall of the Futsu, Hyakume, and Senju and the near-fall of the Isshin are now attributed to an indiscriminate murder spree by the head of the Hyakume Clan, who was a descendant of the swordsmith who died with Niwa Hisahide in the revised history and inherited the swordsmith's son's resentment towards Inazuma. In the original history, the four schools suffered from various seemingly natural misfortunes orchestrated by Scaramouche.
** [[Kaedehara Yoshinori's Letter]], a quest item from ''[[Hues of the Violet Garden]]'', is changed to describe the encounter with the vengeful Hyakume bladesmith instead of the encounter with Scaramouche.
** While not confirmed, it is possible that the Case of the Eccentric is no longer referred to as such, as "eccentric" was used to describe Scaramouche but not the vengeful Hyakume bladesmith.
* While he could not eliminate himself from Teyvat and continued to exist as the Wanderer, he did lose his memories of his previous identities since those were successfully removed.
** The Wanderer still knew himself to be a puppet even before his memories were restored. Further details on his and others' perceptions, such as Ei's perception, of the Wanderer's existence as a puppet are unknown.

The following Weapon and Artifact descriptions, which have not been affected by Irminsul modifications, retain their references to Scaramouche or events related to him:
* The artifact [[Surpassing Cup]]
* The artifacts in the set [[Husk of Opulent Dreams]]
* The weapon [[Kagura's Verity]]
* The weapon [[Kagotsurube Isshin]]

The following reference to Scaramouche was removed for all players in [[Version 3.3]], regardless of their completion of ''The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call'':
* [[Shakkei Pavilion#Change History|Shakkei Pavilion]]'s domain description

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}
[[Category:Lore]]

[[ja:世界樹/修正]]
[[vi:Cây Thế Giới/Thay Đổi]]