{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Presumably killed prior to the events of the game
|region           = Khaenri'ah

|affiliation      = Eclipse Dynasty
|title            = Vinster King
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
}}
'''Irmin''' was the last Vinster King of [[Khaenri'ah]] before the [[cataclysm]] occurred 500 years ago.<ref name="HS">Event [[Hidden Strife]] Optional Letter: [[Hidden Strife/Story#The Brick|The Brick]]</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|Wings of Fate's Course Intertwined}}</ref>
After Irmin became "indisposed," [[Schwanenritter]] Knight Marshal [[Anfortas]] took the post of Regent.<ref name="Bulletin">Interactable: [[Gavireh Lajavard#Barely-Legible Bulletin|Barely-Legible Bulletin]]</ref>

==Profile==
Under Irmin's reign, Khaenri'ah began creating machinery using "secrets from beyond the skies," which was likely related to [[forbidden knowledge]]. While this allowed them to create vastly enhanced machines which were no longer bound to this world's laws, some Khaenri'ahns distrusted such methods,<ref name="Abandoned Letter">Interactable: [[Gavireh Lajavard#Someone's Abandoned Letter|Someone's Abandoned Letter]]</ref> but they failed to persuade Irmin to stop using it.<ref name="MM">{{Ref/Arti|Mocking Mask}}</ref>

Ultimately, the use of forbidden knowledge had disastrous consequences. Attacks by [[Abyss]]al monsters devastated the kingdom and led the [[Schwanenritter]] to take survivors to the surface, only for them to turn into monsters.<ref>Interactable: [[Gavireh Lajavard#Ancient Journal|Ancient Journal]]</ref> The [[Heavenly Principles]], which greatly feared forbidden knowledge,<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Amethyst Crown|note=Relates to the war against the [[Second Who Came]], but serves as a precedent for the Heavenly Principles' response to forbidden knowledge|quote="But the master of the heavens, consumed by fear for the rising tide of delusion and breakthroughs, sent down the divine nails to mend the land, laying waste to the mortal realm..."}}</ref> directly intervened at Khaenri'ah and caused them to "lose everything,"<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God|quote='''Ei:''' But I've seen a nation stride forward and lose everything to the Heavenly Principles}}</ref> laying curses on those who survived.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fortune-Mocking Pedigree}}</ref>
===Appearance===
Little is known about Irmin's physical features besides the fact that he only had one eye.<ref name="HS" />

==Story==
At some point before the cataclysm began, he approved using "secrets from beyond the skies" &mdash; likely related to [[forbidden knowledge]] &mdash; to enhance Khaenri'ah's machinery and allow their machines to "throw off the shackles imposed by this world's laws." An unknown writer left a letter to the Knight Marshal, [[Anfortas]], imploring that Anfortas petition the king so some of Khaenri'ah's old machinery, created before the usage of otherworldly knowledge, would be preserved for future generations.<ref name="Abandoned Letter"/> It is unknown whether anything came out of this request. Pierro's memories about his failures to gain Irmin's favor or prevent Irmin and the sages from "tearing away the veil of sin" suggest that Irmin did not heed forbidden knowledge's detractors.<ref name="MM" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Memories That Should Not Exist}}</ref>

At some point Irmin would announce the [[Traveler's Sibling]] as the heir to his throne, prompting a great celebration of which a young [[Dainsleif]] was present. Irmin would later lead the Sibling down into the deepest depths of Khaenri'ah and presumably use them as a vessel with which "unlimited abyssal power" might be absorbed.<ref>[[Wings of Fate's Course Intertwined]]</ref>

Irmin's status during the cataclysm is unclear. A bulletin left behind in the underground Khaenri'ahn ruins at [[Gavireh Lajavard]] announced that Anfortas had declared himself Regent as a result of "King Irmin's present indisposed state and the current unknown threats facing the Kingdom."<ref name="Bulletin" /> This suggests that Irmin was already incapable of ruling by the time the Abyssal monsters attacked Khaenri'ah.

===Legacy===
[[Kaeya]] secretly kept a piece of paper regarding the family history of the [[Alberich Clan]], which taught that "it was the Alberich Clan, who did not have royal blood, who stepped in as regents when the strength of the one-eyed king Irmin failed."<ref name="HS" />

==Trivia==
* The [[statuettes]] dropped by [[Abyss Heralds]], [[Abyss Lectors]], and [[Shadowy Husks]] depict a one-eyed figure, possibly Irmin. The statuettes are described as possibly representing a holy icon<ref>{{Ref/Item|Gloomy Statuette}}</ref> and inspiring courage in those who know their significance.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Dark Statuette}}</ref> If they are indeed modeled after Irmin, they would indicate he was missing his left eye.
** Alternatively, the statuettes may depict Anfortas, Irmin's successor, who lost his left eye in a fight against Schwanenritter traitor [[Hadura]].<ref>Interactable: [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)#Hadura's|Mysterious Chronicle (Hadura's)]]</ref> While no link has explicitly been made between Anfortas and [[Chlothar Alberich]], the founder of the Abyss Order, the Alberich Clan teachings which [[Kaeya]] secretly kept<ref name="HS" /> is enough to prove that Anfortas and Chlothar were both Alberich Clan members who lived during the cataclysm.
** Of the few Khaenri'ahns presently depicted in human form, three significant ones &mdash; [[Pierro]], [[Dainsleif]], and [[Kaeya]] &mdash; are shown to cover the right sides of their face at all times, generally (though not always) including their right eyes. However, neither [[Halfdan]] nor Chlothar share this practice, leaving the face covering's purpose unclear.

===Etymology===
* The name "{{wt|Irmin||German}}" has Germanic roots but is not clearly defined, and several different interpretations of the name exist. It is believed to mean "Great" and is often used in compound words.
** The {{w|Irminones}}, named after their ancestor Ermenius, are classified as one of the tribes that inhabited the interior of Germania. Other tribes included the Ingvaeones, who lived along the coast, and the Istvaeones, who occupied the remaining areas.
** The Viking Age Norse equivalent for Irmin is ''Jörmunr'', which is used in the {{w|Poetic Edda}} as an epithet for the Norse god {{w|Odin}}.
** The word "[[Irminsul]]" is a compound of ''Irmin'' (great) + ''sûl'' (pillar). In Saxon beliefs, Irminsul were sacred, pillar-like objects; in-game, "Irminsul" is the English localization's name for the silver-white trees found in [[domains]], which are linked to the [[ley line]]s. (See [[Irminsul#Localization|Irminsul § Localization]] for additional information.)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Irmin
|zhs     = 伊尔明
|zhs_rm  = Yī'ěrmíng
|zht     = 伊爾明
|zht_rm  = Yī'ěrmíng
|ja      = エルミン
|ja_rm   = Erumin
|ko      = 엘민
|es      = Irmin
|fr      = Irmin
|ru      = Ирмин
|th      = Irmin
|vi      = Irmin
|de      = Irmin
|id      = Irmin
|pt      = Irmin
|tr      = Irmin
|it      = Irmin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Irmin]]