{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41333
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = Iron Ingot asks the Traveler to check a couple of spots suitable to release a Xiao Lantern and some Almond Tofu to give to Ziwei. However, when she hears about the Xiao Lantern releasing, she excuses herself wanting to find a place away from the festivities and leaves. Iron Ingot is still positive after the rejection as he releases his lantern.
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Dunyu Ruins]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|characters    = Iron Ingot; Paimon; Traveler; Ziwei
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Lisha
|subarea       = Dunyu Ruins
}}
'''''Iron Ingot Meets Ziwei''''' is the sixth request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the third day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Iron Ingot]]
# Find the first suitable viewing spot and {{Color|buzzword|take a picture}}
# Find a second suitable viewing spot and {{Color|buzzword|take a picture}}
# Report back to Iron Ingot
# Give the [[Almond Tofu]] to Iron Ingot
# Go with Iron Ingot to meet [[Ziwei]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* To complete the "{{Color|buzzword|take a picture}}" part of this quest, photos from the [[Kamera]] do not count. Use the "Take Photo" function in the Paimon menu (icon on the left edge of the screen on mobile, Esc on PC) to finish taking a picture.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Iron Ingot from [[Liyue Harbor]] seems to be troubled about something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Iron Ingot)
:'''Iron Ingot:''' The Mysterious Adeptus of the Highest Heaven Soaring Across the Skies. It's so beautiful...
:{{DIcon}} Are you star gazing?
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Yes... and no. It's the Lantern Rite after all. It only seems fitting to look upon such an elegant sight during these festive times.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' I've even been learning how to write poetry, too. The other guys tell me that girls these days are really into that sort of thing.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Hah, I'm sure Ziwei will...
:{{DIcon}} Learning poetry?
:{{DIcon}} Ziwei?
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Uh &mdash; ahem, well, I've heard a lot of constellation names from Ziwei. *sigh* They all sound so beautiful...
:'''Iron Ingot:''' So you see, I have to thank her somehow!
:'''Iron Ingot:''' I was thinking that I should write a poem on a Xiao Lantern and find a place to release it together with Ziwei... We'll eat snacks and sing songs...
:'''Iron Ingot:''' If this doesn't get the job done, nothing will!
:{{DIcon}} Get the job... done?
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Ahem, I mean... This will do the job of helping us enjoy the festival more... Yeah, that's it!
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Anyway, I want to find a quiet, scenic spot away from other pedestrians.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' I started asking around and I've found two potential spots so far. Here, have a look.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' The other guys told me that they've released Xiao Lanterns at these spots before...
:'''Iron Ingot:''' But I still need to come up with a poem... and I'm afraid running around to check the spots will just douse my creativity.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Could you help me go check out those two spots?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Thanks for your help, I'm counting on you!
;(Talk to Iron Ingot again)
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Mysterious Adeptus of the Highest Heaven Soaring Across the Skies... What does it mean?
----
;(Upon reaching the first spot)
:'''Paimon:''' The scenery here looks pretty nice... Let's have another look &mdash; there might be a more suitable place nearby.
----
;(Upon reaching the second spot)
:'''Paimon:''' This place looks good too... Let's see if there's someplace better nearby.
----
;(After taking both pictures)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, we've checked both spots. Let's go back and find Iron Ingot. Wonder how his poem is coming along...
----
;(Report back to Iron Ingot)
:'''Iron Ingot:''' "Ziwei stumbles across an iron ingot" ...No, no, that won't do. That's laying it on a bit thick...
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Oh, when did you get here? Did you check those two spots?
:{{DIcon}} We sure did.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' That didn't take you long. Now let me have a look...
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Alright, let me have a look here... Hmm, the surrounding scenery at this spot is very unique, whereas the other spot is centered in a more picturesque landscape. It reminds me of the line, "Ain't no mountain high enough, ain't no..." Uh, I forget what's after that...
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Anyway, never mind... Still, these spots look bright and impressive.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' I've got it! I know which one to pick... But, there's still something I'd like to ask of you, Traveler.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' My friends told me that when you go to see someone, it's best to bring something to eat. What do you think I should prepare when I go to see Ziwei?
:{{DIcon}} Grilled Tiger Fish.
::'''Iron Ingot:''' Grilled Tiger Fish, hmm... Don't you think that'd be a little too oily? Maybe something a little more light and refined, like Almond Tofu...
:{{DIcon}} Almond Tofu.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Yeah, Almond Tofu! That would be perfect!
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Traveler, could you please help me prepare a serving of Almond Tofu? In the meantime, I'll keep working on my poem here. Now how should this next line go...
:'''Iron Ingot:''' "And countless sparks fly"... Oh, that's a good line!
----
;(Talk to Iron Ingot)
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Oh, when did you get back? Did you prepare the Almond Tofu?
:{{DIcon}} Yep, it's ready.
:;(Give the Almond Tofu)
:;(If Normal Almond Tofu)
:::'''Iron Ingot:''' Well, I guess this will do for now. Let's go find Ziwei!
:;(If Delicious Almond Tofu)
:::'''Iron Ingot:''' This looks great! Everything's ready, all we need to do now is find Ziwei!
:;(If Suspicious Almond Tofu)
:::'''Iron Ingot:''' I could never give this to Ziwei. Maybe you could help get another one?
:{{DIcon}} I still need a little more time
::'''Iron Ingot:''' Ah, okay. Don't worry, I can keep working on my poem in the meantime...
----
;(Talk to Ziwei)
:'''Ziwei:''' From this angle... The constellation looks just like a dog. Now, I must think of a suitable name...
:'''Ziwei:''' Oh, it's you, Iron Ingot. What are you doing here?
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Umm, well you see... Uh, I&mdash;I was just strolling outside the city, and I happened to come across a very scenic spot...
:'''Ziwei:''' A nice spot? You mean for star gazing?
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Y&mdash;Yes, that's it! A nice spot for star gazing. It'd also be a great place to release Xiao Lanterns... See? I've already prepared one for us.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' And look, I've even written a p&mdash;poem on it...
:'''Ziwei:''' "Sparks fly where shovel and meteorite meet."
:'''Ziwei:''' Yes... Well, even though I don't really know what your wish is, the poem is quite interesting.
:'''Ziwei:''' But you shouldn't let others see your wish before releasing the Xiao Lantern, otherwise it will never come true.
:'''Ziwei:''' And so, what exactly do you need from me?
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Well, I...
:{{DIcon}} He found a very suitable spot for releasing a Xiao Lantern.
:{{DIcon}} So if you'd like to release a lantern tonight, you can go together with him.
:'''Ziwei:''' Releasing a Xiao Lantern? Oh, I'm sorry... I was actually hoping to go somewhere away from all the lanterns.
:'''Ziwei:''' The Xiao Lanterns are so bright that they obstruct my view of the stars. I think I'll be going as far as I can away from the festivities.
:'''Ziwei:''' Thanks for the kind offer, but I should get going. Happy Lantern Rite.
;(Ziwei leaves)
:'''Iron Ingot:''' O&mdash;Oh...
:{{DIcon}} And there she goes...
:{{DIcon}} Keep your chin up.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' I... I'm fine. Clearly, I must have made my poem too abstract. Ziwei didn't get it at all.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Don't worry, I won't let it get to me. She'll finally understand my meaning one day.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Thanks for your help anyway, Traveler. Here, these are for you.
:'''Iron Ingot:''' Oh, I guess I should at least release this Xiao Lantern now...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Iron Ingot Meets Ziwei
|zhs     = 铁块紫微一相逢…
|zhs_rm  = Tiěkuài Zǐwēi Yī Xiāngféng...
|zht     = 鐵塊紫微一相逢…
|zht_rm  = Tiěkuài Zǐwéi Yī Xiāngféng...
|zh_tl   = The Chance Meeting of Iron Ingot and Ziwei...
|ja      = 鉄塊と紫微がめぐり逢い…
|ja_rm   = Tekkai to Shibi ga Meguri-ai...{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Chance Meeting of Iron Ingot and Ziwei...
|ko      = {{tt|철|鐵}}괘아와 {{tt|자미|紫微}}가 만나…
|ko_rm   = Cheolgwae-a-wa Jami-ga Manna...
|ko_tl   = Iron Ingot and Ziwei Met Each other...
|es      = Fierro y Ziwei, cuando están lado a lado...
|es_tl   = Iron and Ziwei, When They're Side by Side...
|fr      = Tentative de tête-à-tête
|fr_tl   = Attempt of a One-to-One Discussion
|ru      = Цзы Вэй с Куаем повстречалась...
|ru_tl   = Ziwei Met Kuai...
|th      = Iron Ingot ได้เจอกับ Ziwei...
|th_rm   = Iron Ingot dai choe kap Ziwei...
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Iron Ingot và Ziwei vừa gặp gỡ...
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Klotz trifft Ziwei
|de_tl   = Chunk meets Ziwei
|id      = Iron Ingot Bertemu Ziwei
|id_tl   = Iron Ingot Meets Ziwei
|pt      = Quando Ferro e Ziwei se encontram...
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}