{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Is This Novel Amazing?.png
|npc           = Shigeru
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|next          = This Novel... Seems Familiar?
|next2         = This Novel Seems... Problematic?
|region        = Inazuma
|characters    = Junkichi; Shigeru; Traveler
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Is This Novel Amazing?''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Visit [[Shigeru]] and [[Junkichi]]
#Go to [[Amenoma Smithy]] with Junkichi / [[Tsukumomono Groceries]] with Junkichi / Observe the [[Doushin]]s with Junkichi
#Go back to the [[Yae Publishing House]] to find Shigeru

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Notes==
* It is difficult to complete the Police Station version of this commission after completing ''[[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]]'' and before completing ''[[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]''. Junkichi will be in the [[Police Station]], but approaching it will trigger a cutscene that teleports the player away. The easiest way to approach Junkichi is to jump into the pond on the north side of the entrance, and then climb onto the stairway right beside the gate (next to [[Uesugi]]). From there, it is possible to hug the left side of the gate, then walk alongside the first weapon rack until it is possible to speak to Junkichi. Note that walking past the first weapon rack or climbing onto the stairway too far away from the gateway will trigger the cutscene that teleports the player away.
** It is also possible to use [[Geo Constructs]] or movement abilities to surmount the fence without alerting the Doushin; however, approaching the ground near the gateway (other than the area near the first weapon rack) will trigger the cutscene.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Shigeru]], an editor at the [[Yae Publishing House]], seems to be arguing with the writer [[Junkichi]] over some matter...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Shigeru or Junkichi)
:'''Shigeru''': Junkichi, the deadline to turn in the manuscript is tomorrow. No more delays!
:'''Junkichi''': There's no use pushing me! I'm stuck at a critical point in the story and I've got writer's block.
:{{DIcon}} What are you two arguing about?
:'''Shigeru''': ...Traveler! Just the voice of reason we need.
:'''Shigeru''': I'm Shigeru, an editor at the Yae Publishing House. This is Junkichi, the writer I'm in charge of.
:'''Shigeru''': His new novel, "[[Onibudo]]," is very popular. But he never meets his deadlines. Sometimes he even delays for weeks.
:'''Shigeru''': And he's at it again, of course. If he doesn't turn his manuscript in by tomorrow, I won't be able to get this month's issue into print.
:'''Junkichi''': Why don't we postpone the issue? Our loyal readers will still pay for it.
:'''Shigeru''': Don't be ridiculous. If it isn't updated regularly, the novel's reputation will go into the trash!
:'''Junkichi''': But I've just got no inspiration right now, and I'm not going to write some garbage chapter. There's just got to be an interesting story!
:'''Shigeru''': But all the other writers are basically done. You're the only one left!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe Junkichi really just needs a bit of inspiration...
:'''Junkichi''': That's right! My friend here gets me. I need inspiration!
:'''Junkichi''': I'll go around and look for some &mdash; I'm sure something will come to me!
:'''Shigeru''': Hey! That's the excuse you used last time to put it off. We're not doing this again!
:'''Junkichi''': I'm not lying this time. Come on, trust me just this once!
:'''Shigeru''': Hmm... All right. Fine. But this is the last time...
:'''Shigeru''': No further delays! Got it?
:'''Junkichi''': Okay, okay, I got it...
:'''Junkichi''': Phew... I guess I can't put it off this time...
:{{DIcon}} Let's go get some material.
:{{DIcon}} Well, time to go get some inspiration then.
::'''Junkichi''': Were it so easy...
::'''Junkichi''': But we have to do it somehow, or Shigeru will turn my house upside down...
;(Dialogue continues randomly to [[#Amenoma Smithy Version|Amenoma Smithy Version]], [[#Tsukumomono Groceries Version|Tsukumomono Groceries Version]], or [[#Doushin Version|Doushin Version]]

===Amenoma Smithy Version===
:'''Junkichi''': In the chapter I'm working on, the main character is preparing for the next big fight.
:'''Junkichi''': He needs a powerful weapon... Let me think...
:'''Junkichi''': Let's go check out the Amenoma Smithy.

;(Talk to Shigeru again)
:'''Shigeru''': I hope this month's issue can be printed on time...
----
;(Talk to Junkichi at Amenoma Smithy)
:'''Junkichi''': Sparks fly as hammers clash against anvils...
:'''Junkichi''': Amenoma Smithy is such place full of passion!
:'''Junkichi''': Blacksmiths turn rough billets and ore into powerful weapons using such simple tools.
:'''Junkichi''': If alchemy is used while forging, wouldn't it be possible to create indestructible weapons?
:{{DIcon}} Alchemy can't do that...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think you understand alchemy...
::'''Junkichi''': What do you mean? Isn't alchemy the kind of thing that makes the impossible possible?
:'''Junkichi''': Yes! That's a good idea. The main character shall have the strongest weapon! One forged using alchemy!
:'''Junkichi''': Now, this weapon needs to have an awesome name... and an awesome backstory.
:'''Junkichi''': That's it!
:'''Junkichi''': Traveler, let's go back. I'm going to tell Shigeru about my idea.
----
;(Talk to Junkichi or Shigeru at the Yae Publishing House)
:'''Junkichi''': I found inspiration at Amenoma Smithy!
:'''Shigeru''': Really? Huh. You actually did it. Well, wonderful. Tell me about it!
:'''Junkichi''': One night, the main character is suddenly enlightened, obtaining the superb alchemy ability &mdash; Sword Resurrection.
:'''Junkichi''': He can transform a rusty blade into a powerful weapon simply by saying its new name!
:'''Junkichi''': Thus, he will... Wait, what's wrong?
;(Dialogue continues to [[#Ending|Ending]])

===Tsukumomono Groceries Version===
:'''Junkichi''': In the chapter I'm working on, the main character is trying to sell the items he collected during his adventure.
:'''Junkichi''': That will involve dealing with different types of buyers...
:'''Junkichi''': Hmm... Then let's go to Tsukumomono Groceries.

;(Talk to Shigeru again)
:'''Shigeru''': I hope this month's issue can be printed on time...
----
;(Talk to Junkichi at Tsukumomono Groceries)
:'''Junkichi''': Tsukumomono Groceries sells all kinds of goods similar to the items collected during my character's adventure.
:'''Junkichi''': I mean, Aoi always says that "one man's trash is another man's treasure."
:'''Junkichi''': Hmm... It seems like finding out what the buyer values is the key to selling goods at a high price.
:'''Junkichi''': But if I write like this, I'll have to spend time describing psychology. It doesn't fit the theme.
:'''Junkichi''': ...Why don't I just make the main character a psychic that can intuit the needs of the buyer?
:{{DIcon}} You can't suddenly add traits to the character!
::'''Junkichi''': It's character development. It's okay. Don't worry.
:{{DIcon}} Where's its basis in the plot?
::'''Junkichi''': Plot basis... hmm, I'll think about it while I write. It shouldn't be a problem.
:'''Junkichi''': Well, there we have it, then! I know what to write!
:'''Junkichi''': Traveler, let's go back. I'm going to tell Shigeru about my idea.
----
;(Talk to Junkichi or Shigeru at the Yae Publishing House)
:'''Junkichi''': We visited Tsukumomono Groceries and I've had a plot breakthrough!
:'''Shigeru''': Oh? That's great. Tell me about it!
:'''Junkichi''': The main character suddenly awakens to a profound magic, the Third Eye of Perception.
:'''Junkichi''': This allows him to see into the minds of others, so that he can maximize his trade profits.
:'''Junkichi''': In this way, it's... what's wrong?
;(Dialogue continues to [[#Ending|Ending]])

===Doushin Version===
:'''Junkichi''': In the chapter I'm working on, the main character sets off alone into enemy territory.
:'''Junkichi''': Gathering information is crucial to fighting the enemy. How should I write this...
:'''Junkichi''': Hmm... let's go check out the Doushin at work.

;(Talk to Shigeru again)
:'''Shigeru''': I hope this month's issue can be printed on time...
----
;(Talk to Junkichi at the [[Police Station]])
:'''Junkichi''': The Doushin keep the peace in Hanamizaka. No criminals can escape their watch.
:'''Junkichi''': In the story, the enemy's knights have the same duties as the Doushin. But to make it interesting, let's make them ten times as strong.
:{{DIcon}} That's such an arbitrary number!
::'''Junkichi''': Number scales are the clearest thing in the world. That'll help us show how powerful the main character is!
:{{DIcon}} And how will the main character solve this conundrum?...
:'''Junkichi''': Well, I'll... give the main character mastery over disguises. Like being able to freely change their appearance and voice.
:{{DIcon}} Is this some new character trait?...
:'''Junkichi''': This is the main character's hidden ability. An encounter with certain enemies is the best time to reveal it!
:{{DIcon}} Hey, you just made that up, right?
:'''Junkichi''': N&mdash;No... It was my plan all along. C&mdash;Come on, now!
:'''Junkichi''': Anyway, let's just go with that. Time to go tell Shigeru about my idea.
----
;(Talk to Junkichi or Shigeru at the Yae Publishing House)
:'''Junkichi''': We were off observing the Doushin and I had a plot breakthrough!
:'''Shigeru''': Oh? That's great. Tell me about it!
:'''Junkichi''': The main character suddenly awakens to the use of disguises, allowing him to freely change his appearance and voice... Let's call it the Illusory Mirror!
:'''Junkichi''': This way, no matter how hard the enemy fights back, they can't stop the main character!
;(Dialogue continues to [[#Ending|Ending]])

===Ending===
:'''Shigeru''': Hey... you're doing it again, aren't you!?
:{{DIcon}} "Again"?
:{{DIcon}} What's "it"?
:'''Shigeru''': Let me guess. You're going to add new character traits to continue the story.
:'''Shigeru''': And you'll be tacking more complicated features onto those traits until you finish the new chapter, right?
:'''Shigeru''': No matter how much you like the character, stop giving him so many skills! The readers are going to get confused!
:'''Junkichi''': That's always been my style. I think it's interesting. The readers will love it!
:'''Shigeru''': Don't give me that. You know the readers are starting to get confused by everything you make up!
:'''Junkichi''': Ugh, I'm done talking to you. You're so boring. Let's hear the Traveler's opinion.
:'''Junkichi''': Traveler, who do you think is right, me or Shigeru?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, Junkichi's idea isn't bad...
::'''Shigeru''': Not bad? If he keeps going like this, he's going to confuse even himself.
::'''Junkichi''': Hahaha, you see? The Traveler's on my side. That means my idea is appealing!
::'''Junkichi''': The most important thing in a novel is an exciting and attractive plot. I'm writing with that in mind.
::'''Shigeru''': *sigh* You...
::'''Junkichi''': Come on, relax. I know what I'm doing. It will definitely get unanimous praise. You'll see.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, Shigeru sounds more reasonable...
::'''Junkichi''': Reasonable? Reasonableness is no substitute for a good plot. A reasonable plot would be boring without a compelling story!
::'''Shigeru''': You... mark my words, when it comes time to wrap up the story, you'll go crazy trying to tie up the loose ends!
::'''Junkichi''': I&mdash;I took some notes. We won't have any problems ending the story!
::'''Shigeru''': You have to take notes to remember all the details, do you? Are you expecting the readers to take notes as well?
::'''Junkichi''': Uh... Well...
::'''Shigeru''': I'm not saying you can't add these new features. I'm just saying that you have to be mindful of how many there are and when they are added.
::'''Shigeru''': Writing a novel is like running a marathon. If you go too hard at the start, you'll just lose steam later on.
::'''Shigeru''': The key to a successful novel is to move forward steadily, one step at a time. Trust me.
::'''Junkichi''': Okay, okay... *sigh*...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Is This Novel Amazing?
|zhs     = 这本小说…厉害吗？
|zhs_rm  = Zhè Běn Xiǎoshuō... Lìhài ma?
|zht     = 這本小說…厲害嗎？
|zht_rm  = Zhè Běn Xiǎoshuō... Lìhài ma?
|zh_tl   = This Novel... Is it Amazing?
|ja      = この小説…すごいのか？
|ja_rm   = Kono Shousetsu... Sugoi no ka?
|ja_tl   = This Novel... Is it Amazing?
|ko      = 이 소설이… 그렇게 대단해?
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¿Es buena esta novela?
|es_tl   = Is This Novel Good?
|fr      = Un roman... passionnant ?
|fr_tl   = A... Fascinating Novel?
|ru      = Это действительно... выдающийся роман?
|ru_tl   = Is This Really... An Outstanding Novel?
|th      = นิยายเล่มนี้...สุดยอดมั้ย?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Is This Novel... Amazing?
|vi      = Quyển Tiểu Thuyết Này...Lợi Hại Không?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ist dieser Roman nicht fantastisch?
|de_tl   = Isn't This a Fantastic Novel?
|id      = Apakah Novel ini... Luar Biasa?
|id_tl   = Is this Novel... Extraordinary?
|pt      = Esse Romance... É Extraordinário?
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}
[[pt-br:Esse Romance... É Extraordinário?]]