{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Ishizaki.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Tenryou Commission
|title            = Tenryou Commission Member
|voiceEN          = [https://www.joshuadavidking.com/ Joshua David King]<ref>Joshua David King: [https://www.joshuadavidking.com/voice-acting-home-studio EN VA's Website]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Ishizaki''' {{Lang|ja=石崎}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|The Oni's Pride}}.

==Profile==
Ishizaki is a member of the [[Tenryou Commission]]. During {{Quest|The Oni's Pride}}, he is sent to arrest [[Arataki Itto]]. Ishizaki and his men fight with Itto at [[Nazuchi Beach]] until more members of the [[Arataki Gang]] arrive to hold them back, allowing Itto and the [[Traveler]] to escape. Ishizaki and his subordinates later catch up to Itto and the Traveler while they are confronting [[Takuya]] in the [[Crumbling Guilt|ronin hideout]], but flee after the vagrant leader [[Nogata]] causes the hideout to self-destruct. After dealing with the vagrants and helping the vagrants' prisoners, they return to see Takuya, Itto, the Traveler, and [[Paimon]]. Ishizaki announces that, having finished their investigation, Takuya will be arrested for participating in the vagrants' theft and kidnapping, and the supplies given to the [[Oni|blue oni]] are to be reclaimed. When Takuya protests this, Itto pledges to help, but Ishizaki reveals that Itto is also under arrest, not for theft but for assaulting Tenryou officers. Itto pledges that the rest of his gang will help the blue oni instead, but Ishizaki tells him that they have also been arrested. Finally, Ishizaki tells the Traveler and Paimon that they are also culpable for aiding a fugitive, but he lets them go citing their "unique circumstances" and the complexity of the case.

===Appearance===
Ishizaki wears a standard uniform modeled from the {{Lang|''ashigaru''|ja=足軽}} of feudal Japan. He wears a purple-gray ''shitagi'', lavender ''kobakama'', white socks, and ''waraji'' sandals. His eggplant-colored armor with pale gold accents consists of ''dou'' (breastplate) with the [[Inazuma Shogunate]]'s crest, ''kote'' (armored sleeves), ''haidate'' (thigh guards), and ''sune-ate'' (greaves). He is also wearing a {{Lang|''jingasa''|ja=陣笠}} with the crest of the Inazuma Shogunate. He is equipped with a ''juumonji yari'' (cross-shaped spear), whose shaft is lavender colored, and contains the Shogunate crest under the spearhead.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Combat Abilities==
Upon spawning, he will act identical to a [[Shogunate Infantry Captain]] in terms of combat abilities and moveset, while also being accompanied by two personal [[Shogunate Infantry]] guards. Once a certain HP threshold has been reached, he will call forth reinforcement units, consisting of another group of four assaulting Shogunate Infantry footmen.

If all of the reinforcement units have been defeated, Ishizaki can rally four more footmen after a period of time has passed.

This ability can be triggered even without dispatching the first two guards, meaning a total of six Shogunate Infantry can be present in this battle at any one time.

If he is defeated, any remaining Shogunate Infantry will instantly despawn, and the quest will progress as usual.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Ishizaki
|zhs     = 石崎
|zhs_rm  = Shíqí
|zht     = 石崎
|zht_rm  = Shíqí
|ja      = 石崎
|ja_rm   = Ishizaki
|ko      = 이시자키
|es      = Ishizaki
|fr      = Ishizaki
|ru      = Исидзаки
|th      = Ishizaki
|vi      = Ishizaki
|de      = Ishizaki
|id      = Ishizaki
|pt      = Ishizaki
|tr      = Ishizaki
|it      = Ishizaki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Ishizaki]]