{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74656
|image         = Ismenor Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage
|characters    = Ismenor; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Fontaine
}}
'''''Ismenor's Bulle Fruit Bulletin''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Give five [[Bulle Fruit]] to Ismenor

==Request Details==
"Tales of Humanity":<br>
Hello everyone, I'm a retiree.<br>
I've noticed that many of the young people that spend time in our plaza have a less-than-firm grasp of the history and culture behind the statues.<br>
I'm hoping to use this opportunity to urge members of the younger generation to stop for a moment and ponder them more carefully.<br>
To those interested in the statues, I would be more than willing to share what I know.<br>
If you could also bring along some {{color|buzzword|Bulle Fruit}} to share as we chat, that would be greatly appreciated.<br>
I wish you all a pleasant day.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ismenor needs 5 Bulle Fruit.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ismenor:''' Are you out here on a stroll as well?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Bulle Fruit...
::'''Ismenor:''' Ah, my young friend, have you brought any Bulle Fruit? Please, share it with me, and we can eat while we talk.
::'''Ismenor:''' Statues are wordless poems, so one shouldn't appreciate them on an empty stomach. A duelist told me so, during the final duel of his life.
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Bulle Fruit is ready.
:::'''Ismenor:''' Thank you. Looking at your expression, you seem interested in that duelist? Well, it was a long time ago...
:::'''Ismenor:''' (Falls into a pensive state)
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Ismenor:''' I even did as advised, and set aside some Mora to thank you for the Bulle Fruit. I suppose I should wait until you've got the fruit to give it to you...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Ismenor's Bulle Fruit Bulletin
|zhs     = 伊斯梅诺的泡泡桔需求
|zhs_rm  = Yīsīméinuò de Pàopàojú Xūqiú
|zht     = 伊斯梅諾的泡泡桔需求
|zht_rm  = Yīsīméinuò de Pàopàojú Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Ismenor's Bulle Fruit Request
|ja      = イスメノールのバブルオレンジのリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Isumenooru no Baburuorenji no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = Ismenor's Bulle Fruit Request
|ko      = 이스메노르의 풍선귤 의뢰
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Burburanjas para Isménor
|es_tl   = Bubble Oranges for Ismenor
|fr      = Des fruits bullés pour Ismenor
|fr_tl   = {{Lex|Bulle Fruits|fr}} for Ismenor
|ru      = Пузырин для Исменора
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คำขอ Bulle Fruit ของ Ismenor
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Trái Bulle Của Ismenor
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ismenors Bitte um Blasenmandarinen
|de_tl   = Ismenor's Request for {{Lex|Bulle Fruit|de}}s
|id      = Permintaan Bulle Fruit Ismenor
|id_tl   = Ismenor's Bulle Fruit Request
|pt      = Requisição de Fruta Bulle de Ismenor
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ismenor'un Bulle Meyvesi İlanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il Bulle-t-tino di Ismenor
|it_tl   = Ismenor's Bulle-tin
|it_note = Bulle-tin is a pun on Bulle fruit and Bulletin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[ja:イスメノールのバブルオレンジのリクエスト]]