{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Mondstadt
|region2          = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Enkanomiya
|affiliation2     = Four Shades
|affiliation3     = Gods
|title            = God of Time
|title1           = God of Moments
|title2           = Master of Time
|title3           = Kairos
|title4           = The Thousand Winds of Time
|title5           = The Undying Wind
|title6           = Tokoyo Ookami
}}
'''Istaroth''' is a [[god]] with control over time and wind,<ref name="before sun and moon">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref> and is likely one of the four shining shades of the [[Primordial One]].<ref group="Note">In ''Before Sun and Moon'', the author states that the Primordial One and its "three other shining shades" did not hear the people's lamentations, and leaves the fourth shining shade from "When the Doves Held Branches" unaccounted for. Later, they call Istaroth the only one who had not forsaken them, which makes her the fourth shade.</ref> She is known by a plethora of titles, including the '''God of Moments''',<ref name="before sun and moon" /> the '''God of Time''' (alternatively, ''Master of Time'' or ''Ruler of Time''),<ref name="sac">Weapon Series Lore: [[Sacrificial Series]]</ref> '''Kairos''', the '''[[Thousand Winds]] of Time''' (or simply the ''Thousand Winds''),<ref name="hydro studies byakuya">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|3|Hydrological Studies in Byakuyakoku}}</ref> '''the''' '''Undying Wind''',<ref name="hydro studies byakuya" /> and '''Tokoyo Ookami'''.<ref name="in-light-under-shadow">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|5|In the Light, Beneath the Shadow}}</ref>

She has been worshipped in [[Mondstadt]] and [[Enkanomiya]] both before and concurrently with the rise of [[The Seven]].<ref name="before sun and moon" /><ref name="TaW">{{Ref/Quest|Time and Wind}}</ref> However, the worship of Istaroth or even the knowledge of her existence has been all but forgotten in Teyvat,<ref name="sac" /> though her legacy has been subtly preserved through phrases related to "the winds of time."<ref name="sayid">{{Ref/NPC|Sayid|c=during Nighttime}}</ref><ref name="rag">{{Ref/Item|Ragged Notebook (Time and Wind)}}</ref> The Enkanomiyans continued to worship her after their island sunk beneath the surface world, seeing her as the only one who had not forsaken them.<ref name="before sun and moon" /> Later, this worship faded following [[Orobashi]]'s appearance, and disappeared completely after the move to [[Watatsumi Island]].

==Profile==
===Introduction===
{{Quote|Seeds of stories, brought by the wind and cultivated by time. Stories brought on the wind will bloom into legends in due time.|Carvings on the sundials<ref name="TaW" /><ref name="rag" />}}{{Quote|We knew the only one who had not forsaken us as the "Ruler of Time." She was the moment. She was every moment. She was the measure of a thousand winds and the sun and the moon. She was every second of joy, every moment of rage, every instant of longing, every minute of obsession. She was every flash of delirium.|A scribe of Istaroth, as written in [[The Byakuyakoku Collection#Vol. 2|Before Sun and Moon]]}}

==Story==
===History===
After the arrival of the first throne of the heavens, the Primordial One appeared and fought against the [[Seven Sovereigns]] of the old world. To that end, it created four shining shades of itself, one of which was likely Istaroth. 40 years after the Primordial One's appearance, the Seven Sovereigns were vanquished and the seven nations submitted to its authority. Istaroth may have contributed to the new world the Primordial One made.

Following the arrival of the [[Second Who Came]] and the catastrophe that followed, Istaroth presumably participated in the war on the Primordial One's side against the Second Who Came. In the midst of the massive destruction, the land of Enkanomiya sank below the waters and was cut off from Teyvat.<ref name="before sun and moon" />

===In Mondstadt===
Istaroth's direct role in Mondstadt's history is currently unknown, but in the early days of [[Barbatos]]' Mondstadt, she was worshipped alongside the Anemo Archon himself.

[[Barbatos]] amassed power during the [[Archon War]] as a result of the [[Gunnhildr Clan]]'s worship of him, and he and later participated in the rebellion against [[Decarabian]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref> Before he gained power, he was a "single thread of the thousand winds that roared through the northern lands," an elemental spirit without any divine power.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|3}}</ref> Istaroth herself is known as the "thousand winds,"<ref name="before sun and moon" /> but no direct relation between the two has explicitly been made.

After the fall of [[Decarabian's Mondstadt]], Barbatos ascended to godhood and became the Anemo Archon. During the formation of the new Mondstadt, at least three of its prominent clans &mdash; the Gunnhildr Clan, the [[Imunlaukr Clan]], and the [[Lawrence Clan]] &mdash; all worshipped both the Anemo Archon and the God of Time. The worship of both gods was primarily conducted on a tall clifftop facing the eastern sea,<ref name="sac" /> likely at the [[Thousand Winds Temple]] which shares its name with one of Istaroth's epithets.

Somewhat ironically, Istaroth was forgotten over time and people came to believe that Barbatos was the sole deity of worship in Mondstadt.<ref name="rag" /> Two notable incidents may have contributed to loss of information pertaining to Istaroth: During the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]]'s corrupt period, the Lawrence Clan suppressed knowledge about Mondstadt's history and destroyed historical records and relics to hide their own degeneracy.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Royal Grimoire}}</ref> After the fall of the aristocracy, the Mondstadt Library &mdash; once the largest library in northern Teyvat &mdash; was reduced to a sixth of its former size following the Great Fire of Fall Equinox.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Codex}}</ref>

===In Inazuma===
[[Ei]] believes that Istaroth may have assisted [[Makoto]], with or without her knowledge, in manipulating time to plant the [[Sacred Sakura]], as both her and [[Yae Miko]] were unconvinced that Makoto would be able to do so herself.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Radiant Sakura}}</ref>

===In Enkanomiya===
{{Stub}}
After Enkanomiya fell into the depths, their pleas and prayers went unanswered by the Primordial One and its other three shades. Only Istaroth continued to answer them, and there were "scribes of Tokoyo Ookami" who dedicated themselves to recording history and the passage of time in the lightless land.<ref name="before sun and moon" /> Out of reverence for her, her worshippers refused to say her name directly and usually opted to call her Kairos, her traditional name, or its Narukami-style rendering, Tokoyo Ookami.<ref name="in-light-under-shadow" /> In the event that they used her true, secret name, they wrote it backwards.

Istaroth's power of "undying wind" was recognized as one of the major elements in Enkanomiya, along with the [[Bathysmal Vishap]]s' "water."<ref name="hydro studies byakuya" />

===Legacy===
In Mondstadt, Istaroth's legacy has been preserved primarily through the phrase "winds of time." The carvings on the sundials at the [[Thousand Winds Temple]] and the [[Nameless Island]] leave messages associated with both her and Barbatos which respectively read:
:''"Seeds of stories, brought by the wind and cultivated by time."<br />Stories brought on the wind will bloom into legends in due time."''

During the quest ''[[Time and Wind]]'', a faint voice is heard saying ''"An ancient tale comes whisked in the wind... In time, it will grow and sprout once again..."'' while fighting an [[Eye of the Storm]] by the Sundial near the Thousand Winds Temple.

The [[Sumeru]] scholar [[Sayid]], while visiting the [[Mondstadt Library]] during nighttime, recites a truncated version of the phrases inscribed on the sundials: ''"Seeds brought on the wind will sprout in due time..."''<ref name="sayid" />

In Old Mondstadt fairytales surrounding [[Sal Vindagnyr]] and the area of [[Dragonspine]], the "Wind of Time" had abandoned the mountain and left the winds to freeze it over in its moment of destruction.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer|9|Dragonspine}}</ref> [[Roald]] does not specify whether "Old Mondstadt" refers to [[Decarabian's Mondstadt]] or the Mondstadt Aristocracy, making it difficult to determine the origin of these fairytales.

One of the incidents that reinforced [[Ei]]'s belief in the inextricable link between progress and loss is referred to in the format of "the winds of time": ''The winds of parting came whistling in from the outer edge of time.'' This phrase comes after references to incidents in [[Khaenri'ah]] and [[Liyue]], indicating that the phrase relates to Mondstadt.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Raiden Shogun|1}}</ref>

[[Hilichurls]] may also have a connection to Istaroth and the Primordial One. [[Jacob Musk]] believes that hilichurls worship elemental power itself, giving the example that hilichurls worship the power of Anemo rather than the Anemo Archon,<ref>{{Ref/Book|Hilichurl Cultural Customs|2|Hilichurl Spirituality}}</ref> and there is a notable cloister of hilichurls dancing around the Sundial by the Thousand Winds Temple that the [[Traveler]] may be commissioned to exterminate.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Crisis of Shields}}</ref> According to people from Enkanomiya, Istaroth is the personification of undying wind, and her name is sometimes rendered as the "thousand winds of time."<ref name="hydro studies byakuya" /> Furthermore, the [[Musk Family]]'s research has indicated that the [[Hilichurlian]] word "Unu," which means "one," is also a holy word which they use to refer to gods.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian}}</ref> Altogether, this points towards a connection between hilichurls, the Primordial One and its shining shades, and the unified human civilization that once existed (which Enkanomiya was originally part of).

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Istaroth is derived from {{w|Astaroth}}, the name of one of the three demons in the "evil trinity" alongside Beelzebub and Lucifer. In the ''{{w|Ars Goetia}}'', which most other gods in ''Genshin Impact'' derive their names from, Astaroth is the 29th demon with the rank of Duke.
** The name Astaroth is derived from the goddess {{w|Astarte}}, a goddess worshipped in the Ancient Near East who had associations with war, hunting, and healing, among other spheres.
* {{lang|{{w|Kairos}}|el=καιρός}} is an Ancient Greek word meaning "right time" or "opportune moment." It is one of two words Ancient Greeks used for time, the other being {{w|chronos}}; ''kairos'' represents the qualitative, permanent nature of time as opposed to the quantitative and sequential nature represented by ''chronos''.
** The author of [[Before Sun and Moon]] explains the meaning of ''Kairos'' as {{lang|"the ruler of the unchanging world"|ja=不変の世界の統領と執政}}, in which {{ja|不変の世界|rm=Fuhen no Sekai}} means "unchanging world."
* {{lang|Tokoyo Ookami|ja=常世大神}} means "great god of the unchanging world," where {{ja|常世|rm=Tokoyo}} means "unchanging world." ''Tokoyo'' is also given as the {{w|ruby text}} for "ever-night" during [[The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent]].<!--
** Although Ei's ideal of "eternity" uses {{ja|{{wt|永遠||Japanese}}|rm=eien}} instead of either ''fuhen'' or ''toko'', her claim that "eternity" is "closest to the Heavenly Principles" and the allusion to the "winds of time" in one of her Character Stories (in reference to Mondstadt) are potential nods to Istaroth.-->
* The [[Aranara]] [[Aranaga]] says the following regarding something he calls "the Ad Oblivione" which destroys dreams: "Yes, the wind that flows forever, the thousand winds that return to one. But, on earth is the stream, and the ubiquitous is the wind. Everlasting, devastating." which can be interpreted to be about Istaroth.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Final Chapter}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Istaroth
|zhs     = 伊斯塔露
|zhs_rm  = Yīsītǎlù
|zht     = 伊斯塔露
|zht_rm  = Yīsītǎlù
|ja      = イスタロト
|ja_rm   = Isutaroto
|ko      = 이스타로트<!--also 로타스이-->
|ko_rm   = Iseutaroteu
|es      = Astaroth
|fr      = Istaroth
|ru      = Астарот
|th      = Istaroth
|vi      = Istaroth
|de      = Istaroth
|id      = Istaroth
|pt      = Istaroth
|tr      = Istaroth
|it      = Istaroth
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Astaroth]]
[[fr:Istaroth]]
[[pl:Istaroth]]
[[pt-br:Istaroth]]