{{stub|Unsorted Voice-Over}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14006
|image         = Story Quest It's What He Deserves.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Cerberus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Reborn in the Land of Grievances
|character     = Wriothesley
|startLocation = [[Fortress of Meropide]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = 
|domain        = Dougier's "Kingdom"
|requirement   = 
|prev          = [[The Proud "Beret Society"]]
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*700;Mora*49,200;Hero's Wit*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*11;Guide to Order*5;Primogem*60
|characters    = Ielmini; Eclancher; Dougier; Wyler; Gouzien; Paimon; Traveler; Wriothesley; Secaille; Faissolle; Avice; Deparis; Fidelin
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''It's What He Deserves''''' is the third part of {{Quest|Reborn in the Land of Grievances}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Beret Society]]'s gathering place
# Look for clues in this area
# Go to the production zone
# Investigate the production zone with Wriothesley
# Go after the Beret Society members that escaped
# Go to the Beret Society's [[Dougier's "Kingdom"|real headquarters]]
#* Enter [[Dougier's "Kingdom"]]
# Talk to Wriothesley
# Proceed deeper
# Rescue the victims and investigate
# Continue exploring
# Operate the device in front of you
# Proceed further
# Try opening the door in front of you
# Return to the center room and try opening the new door
# Proceed to the deepest area
# Defeat the Gardemeks
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Annihilation Specialist Mek - Ousia;Recon Log Mek*2;Recon Log Mek*2/after the first two are defeated}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Assault Specialist Mek - Ousia;Recon Log Mek*2}}
# Wait until two days later (11:00 - 13:00)
# Meet up with Wriothesley at the [[Coupon Cafeteria]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* During steps 4 and 5, the party will be limited to the [[Traveler]].
* During steps 8–16, Wriothesley will join the party as a trial character.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->
|wl                      = 5, 8, 9
<!-- Character -->
|character_name          = Wriothesley
|weapon_name             = Cashflow Supervision

<!-- WL 5 -->
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 8 <!-- including constellation -->
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5 
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5

|hp5                     = 21,568
|atk5                    = 1,715
|def5                    = 707
|em5                     = 92
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 70.0%
|crit_dmg5               = 120.7%

<!-- WL 8 -->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 11 <!-- including constellation -->
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8 
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 28,017
|atk8                    = 2,420
|def8                    = 905
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 79.2%
|crit_dmg8               = 130.3%

<!-- WL 9 Stats-->
|character_level9        = 90
|constellation9          = 3

|weapon_name9            = Cashflow Supervision
|weapon_level9           = 90
|refinement9             = 3

|artifact_flower9        = Hunter's Brooch
|artifact_feather9       = Masterpiece's Overture
|artifact_sands9         = Moment of Judgment
|artifact_goblet9        = Forgotten Vessel
|artifact_circlet9       = Veteran's Visage
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Marechaussee Hunter
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 13 <!-- including constellation -->
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 10
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 10

|hp9                     = 21,682
|atk9                    = 2,252
|def9                    = 905
|em9                     = 105
|crit_rate9              = 48.1%
|crit_dmg9               = 192.5%
|er9                     = 135.0%
|cryo_dmg9               = 46.6%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|For the Unsorted Voice-over, the player may need to chase the Society member, Wyler, {{color|buzzword|without catching him}} until he circles around to where the guards are.}}
{{Quest Description|Evidence from [[Avice]] indicates that the Beret Society's leader, Dougier, has been using extremely cruel methods to control its members. No one could sit there and watch such cruel deeds unfold.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 ielmini 01.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' Your Grace, we have taken the society members into custody.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 ielmini 02.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' They all tried to flee just a little while ago, as if they had received some kind of order.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 ielmini 03.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' We decided to act to forestall their plan, and were about to send the word when you unexpectedly arrived.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Great work, everyone.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You had prepared for something like this all along?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I had them stay here to keep an eye on things, so I'm glad that my intuition turned out to be correct.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Perform a thorough search of the Society's headquarters and bring all the members to me.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 ielmini 04.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' Understood, Your Grace.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Now, let's check on them. 
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' As expected, they all have a hollow thorn inserted into a wound on their head.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaah!!!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's glad her eyesight isn't so good that she could see it from here... Paimon's gonna float away for a bit.
:{{DIcon}} They didn't pull the thorn out?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' They probably left it there as a lasting reminder of Dougier's "censure."
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...These people must have had to endure an unimaginable amount of pain.
:{{Color|menu|Wriothesley nods at a guard, who takes the society members away}}
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 1 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's check out the other areas, too.

;(Talk to Wriothesley)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 3 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Look at what I found.
:{{DIcon}} This is...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 3 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' This is a surveillance port. With this, Dougier would be able to remotely monitor everything that's happening at the gathering place.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 3 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So even if Dougier's not there in person, he'll still always have eyes on the members.
:{{DIcon}} That'd explain why they were all so terrified.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 3 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Indeed. It's easy to become lost and confused when you're given no instructions, or any kind of script to follow.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 3 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And if any action you take may be deemed a mistake, then perhaps it's better to do less, or to not do anything at all.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 3 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Dougier has already tamed them to his will.

;(Talk to Wriothesley again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dyzlq003 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' All this time, he's been treating them like animals.

;(Observe Papers)
:'''Observe Papers:''' (These papers are actually outdated, but they look brand new. It seems like no one has ever flipped through them.)
:'''Observe Papers:''' (If you look closely, even the creases are almost identical. They don't seem to have formed naturally through reading...)

;(Talk to Paimon)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is a book that Paimon found in a box next to the bookshelf. Its contents are exactly the same as this book on the shelf.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The colors of their covers are completely different, though, and the names of the authors also don't match up...
:{{DIcon}} So these were also just for show...
:{{DIcon}} To make it look like the bookshelf's being added to and maintained...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, and they dared to claim that they wrote these, too! Hmph!

;(If the player takes too much time)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}, come here! Have a look at this!<!--Quick {{Traveler}} look over here!-->

;(After collecting all the clues)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 ielmini 01.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' Your Grace, Your Grace!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' What's the matter?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 ielmini 02.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' We couldn't find any Society members in the other areas. It also seems like none of the equipment in those rooms were ever used — all the signs of wear and tear are fake.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 ielmini 03.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' The limescale, the layers of dust... they were all deliberately added.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 ielmini 04.ogg}} '''Ielmini:''' We also investigated the members' residences, and weren't able to find anything. Their neighbors all say that they haven't returned home for ages.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Oh... Is that right...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're gone? That could only mean...
:{{DIcon}} The Society put a lot of effort into building a front.
:{{DIcon}} Their real headquarters are elsewhere.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Indeed. As long as he allowed Society members to mingle with others, even with threats of censure, Dougier knew that he could not stop all of his members from speaking out.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Meanwhile, this marvelous "gathering place" will lose all of its value as soon as a whistleblower sounds the alarm.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So intead of this being his real base, this is just an alaborate performance. The rest areas, the fancy equipment, even the members that we saw... they were merely a part of the front.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And only the most docile and well-trained members were selected as his "performers."
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But then... where can we actually find him?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let me think...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Dougier must be holding all the rest of his members in another place. And if the overseer of my Fortress Guard has never alerted me to anything of the sort...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' He must be in Dougier's pocket.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go find him.
:{{DIcon}} He can tell us where the real headquarters are.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 4 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'm of the same mind. Let's go. You too, follow me.

;(Enter the Production Zone Lower Level)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did that person flee here?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 5 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That's the most likely scenario to me. He's probably already caught wind of Dougier's declaration of war against me, and has fled to seek his protection.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 5 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's keep heading down. There are some abandoned areas in there. Since he needs space, I'd guess Dougier probably converted them into his headquarters.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 5 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' We should be on the right track. Now, we just need to find that turncoat.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 5 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's go. We can take this path, you guys take the other.

;(Follow Wriothesley)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, there's a fallen guard over there! Paimon sees some Society members, too!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 6 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' After them.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 6 wyler 01.ogg}} '''Wyler:''' It's Wriothesley! Run!

;(Catch Wyler)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 gouzien 01.ogg}} '''Gouzien:''' *panting*... *panting*
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Did Dougier send you? Why did you attack that guard?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wyler 02.ogg}} '''Wyler:''' ...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, it's time to talk! Can't you see that he's trying to help!?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I will take your cooperation into consideration when it comes time to hand out sentences.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wyler 03.ogg}} '''Wyler:''' Mr. Dougier, h—he... didn't want this guy to expose our true location...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wyler 04.ogg}} '''Wyler:''' We were just about to dispose of him when you caught up to us.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So in other words, your headquarters should be this way?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 gouzien 02.ogg}} '''Gouzien:''' Y—Yes, it's just down this way. You'll make it there once you've seen and passed through a large drainage pipe.
:{{DIcon}} Now that's more like it.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Guards, take them away.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's go. It's about time that we find out what Dougier's really after.
----
;(Enter [[Dougier's "Kingdom"]])
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's so much space down here...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 8 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Yeah, these are all former work areas. They've been left abandoned due to a lack of funds.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 8 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' There are usually guards on patrol here... *sigh* It would seem that all of those guards have been bought as well.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 8 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Stay sharp. He's got a ton of surprises waiting for us, I'm sure.

;(Defeat the Society members and Recon Log Meks)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, are you okay?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You're safe now. Just follow the guards and leave this place.
:{{Color|menu|The Society members are escorted away.}}
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knew that there'd be Gardemeks here... Dougier really prepared for everything.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That would explain the strange decommission requests I received, as well as account for all the Gardemeks that had mysteriously gone missing.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Seems like he's prepared for an all-out confrontation with me.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's this?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Seems like some kind of handbook. Let me see...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, this should be the Society's real rulesbook. It lists all the rules that they are expected to follow.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Members are not permitted to speak to each other, or to leave without formal permission...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Five members shall form a group, and the whole group shall be punished for any single member's wrongdoings...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Anyone who reports a fellow member's misbehavior shall be rewarded with food and water.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...I see, so it's much as I expected.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that's just cruel and unreasonable...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' To obtain food and water, prisoners are forced to snitch on others, and in the process, cause pain to those around them.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' To avoid punishment, they learn to stop talking with one another. This leaves the wounds they've already received to fester, however, and so resentment builds, until every prisoner has become an island.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Finally, isolated and without hope, they accept their fate as Dougier's slaves.
:{{DIcon}} That's terrible.
:{{DIcon}} The whole thing is an affront to human dignity.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Do you remember what happened to Paimon? She rejected all the snacks in the box once she was spooked by that black gem.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' She's usually all for tasty snacks, but she chose to go against heer instincts after a negative experience.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, is that the best example you could come up with? Anyway, Paimon still thinks she made the right decision. It never hurts to be careful...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 15.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' No, your decision was valid. However, it's also valid to interpret that as a decision that you only made under emotional duress.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 16.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The human heart is like a raft in a vast and empty ocean. We convince ourselves that we're in control, but in truth, a single wave could sweep us off course, and send us crashing into the path of a storm.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 9 wriothesley 17.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Those who use fear to lead others astray must pay for that crime.

;(Investigate Messily-Written Note, optional)
::{{Black Screen|Messily-Written Note}}
::I vow to never run away again.
::I vow not to speak without permission.
::I vow to keep remain{{sic|}} conscious while being censured.
::I vow to earnestly carry out any order given to me by Master Dougier.
::I vow to actively denounce any behavior of my fellow Society members who undermine the Society's unity.
::I vow to voluntarily accept a fourth-degree or higher punishment should I violate any part of my oath.
::
::(The entire text is hand-written. The paper is creased and the handwriting is sloppy, suggesting it was written in a state of extreme distress.)
::(It was signed at the end with a fingerprint rather than a signature. Judging from the mark, however, it certainly doesn't appear to have been made with a gentle pigment, like that of an ink pad.)

;(Approach the large locked door)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 10 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If I'm not mistaken, the space ahead should be the central area of thisn place, but the door's been locked.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 10 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Rather than confront Dougier, I think it's important right now for us to rescue as many Society members as possible.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 10 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You guys should wait here. We'll try to open the door and check out some other spots.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Open the door... Would we have to do something to this mechanism here? Ugh, Paimon doesn't get it at all...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Forget it, Paimon's just going to do some trial and error.

;(Operate the device)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's turning! Is it because we touched this thing?

;(Unlock the right side door)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, the other side's open! Let's go.

;(Enter the room with the high ceiling)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's so high! We're not gonna have to climb all the way up, are we...?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's activate the mechanism in front of us first, just like before. See if that changes anything.

;(Activate the mechanism if the limiter device has not been removed)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, looks like there's a mechanism that's gotten stuck. It won't turn alongside the others...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there something we can do?

;(Raise the water level)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, the water level's gone way up! So that's how we'll make it to the top!

;(Enter the prison room)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' These should be the prison cells.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hmm... Lots of empty cells in here. Dougier's probably moved them elsewhere already.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's still rescue the ones that got left behind, though. Every person counts!
:{{Color|menu|The party opens up a cell with a prisoner...}}
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's alright now! You can leave this place!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 eclancher 01.ogg}} '''Eclancher:''' No... No! I won't try to leave anymore. I'll never try to leave again!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 eclancher 02.ogg}} '''Eclancher:''' Don't get close to me. I don't want any trouble!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, we're not gonna do that. Please calm down, we're not bad people!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' We won't be able to get through to her right now. Not with the stress response in the way.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'd also guess there are many others here who are more or less like her. Let's let the guards take care of them for now, and keep pushing forward.
:{{DIcon}} Avice and Faissolle are still in danger.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Alright. Let's search for an exit first.

;(Investigate Tattered Dialogue, optional)
::{{Black Screen|Tattered Dialogue}}
::I'm so hungry... Please give me something to eat, I'm begging you.
::Don't pass me a note, are you trying to get us killed?
::Please, I'm hungry, so hungry...
::I'll report you if you keep this up. It's almost time for the inspection, straighten up.
::So hungry...
::...
::So hungry...
::...
::So hungry...
::...
::So hungry...
::...
::
::(What follows is constant repitition, with the handwriting becoming increasingly faint, failing to convey anything of use.)
::(The bottom half of the note is severely damaged and has a dirty shoe print on it. It looks like whoever wrote this has been taken away.)

;(Investigate A Letter Left Behind, optional)
::{{Black Screen|A Letter Left Behind}}
::Dear Lauren, my sweetest daughter, I have no choice but to say goodbye to you in this way. Since our separation, not a moment goes by when I do not wish that I could leave for Fortress of Meropide as soon as possible and come back to you — to go back to being the father you looked up to the most.
::<br>
::Perhaps I'm the only one who naively believes that sinners are forgiven. The moment one is handed a sentence, they are already dead, leaving only a husk of flesh that must atone. Nobody shows compassion for the flesh — it is utterly filthy, and utterly worthless.
::<br>
::Don't make the wrong choices, Lauren. Don't do bad things. Live a beautiful life. So{{sic|}} your best to become a better you. Try to embrace all the right things in this world, and don't leave any regrets behind like I did.
::<br>
::Do not try speaking for me. Nobody here can be trusted. They're all monsters with human faces with not the slightest shred of decency, constantly starving beyond measure. Stay far, far away from this place.
::<br>
::No matter how you feel inside about a father like me, I still want you to know that I wish I could see you, and that I love you very much.

;(View the [[Energy Transfer Terminal|terminal]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dyzlq003 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This seems to be something like a console...
:{{A|vo dialog dyzlq003 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' This is a surveillance terminal. The information collected by the surveillance ports we found previously will be sent here.
:{{A|vo dialog dyzlq003 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'm sure Dougier really enjoyed sitting here and making his people dance like puppets on strings.
:{{A|vo dialog dyzlq003 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grrr... That makes Paimon even angrier!

;(Open the door)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 12 secail 01.ogg}} '''Secaille:''' Ah, the door's open! Maybe it's His Grace. I'll go take a look!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 12 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I leave this area to you. Make sure to bring everyone out safe.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 12 secail 02.ogg}} '''Secaille:''' Understood, and please take care as well, Your Grace. We'll return here right away and await your orders.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 12 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Mm-hmm, just focus on the tasks you've been given. I already have reliable help over here.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 12 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's go back. We have unfinished business, do we not?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 12 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That mechanism from the first room... Maybe we'll also need to hold it in place using the same device to open the door that leads to the central area.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 12 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Don't forget to bring these along.

;(Talk to Eclancher or Secaille again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dyzlq003 secail 01.ogg}} '''Secaille:''' The guards from the Fortress of Meropide have already taken control of this area. You're safe now.
:{{A|vo dialog dyzlq003 eclancher 01.ogg}} '''Eclancher:''' *whimpers*

;(Return to the first mechanism without any Limiting Devices, optional)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... You didn't bring the thing that we'll need to hold the mechanism in place?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 14 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't think we'll be able to open the door like this... Let's go back.

;(Enter the deepest area)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 01.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' I must confess to being furious. To think that there are still some of you who find it permissible to spit upon our rules.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 02.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Remember their names: Faissolle and Avice. They've betrayed you — betrayed us!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 03.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' And today, you will see with your own eyes what will happen to those who betray our cause!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 04.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Go on, Avice. Pierce his skull with the thorn in your hands, and then push in the Aqua Doloris.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 05.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Of course, you will do it one drop at a time. Let it do its magic again and again, and don't stop until you've pushed all of it in!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 avice 01.ogg}} '''Avice:''' Faissolle... I'm sorry...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 faissolle 01.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' It... It's okay... I'll... find a way to endure...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 06.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Oh, shut your wretched mouths. When did I give you permission to speak!?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 07.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' My rules are the paramount law of this place. Only more pain will come to those who dare to disobey!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That's enough, Dougier. Your rabid screams have been beyond nauseating.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 deparis 01.ogg}} '''Deparis:''' !!!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 fidelin 01.ogg}} '''Fidelin:''' Is that... His Grace!?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 08.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Ah, Wriothesley... I knew you would come, but I didn't expect you to be so quick.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 09.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Must you refuse to let me be? Did I not spell everything out for you already? What's so blasphemous about sharing a slice of the cake with me when you've already got the entire fortress at your feet?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It would seem that you can't see the difference between "sharing" and "looting," and on top of that...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Look at your people. Are they not starving as you wolf down your cake?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 10.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' You...! Stop acting all high and mighty like some hero of justice!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 11.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Have you forgotten? Nobody in this blasted Fortress is innocent! We are all irredeemable monsters who have destroyed something that others hold dear.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 12.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' What's so wrong about punishing those who deserve to be punished? It's what they've always deserved!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 13.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' And please, are you really going to tell me that you care about their lives and well-being when you just need a supply of labor to keep this place running? Isn't that all you need to keep your cushy life?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sadly, you're wrong on both counts. Unlike you, I've never seen them as currency.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The Fortress is not only a place for confinement, but also a place for rebirth.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Just as people are free to give in to the darkness within their hearts, they are also free to seek redemption and a new beginning. Our bodies have limits, but our spirits will always remain free.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' They may have made mistakes, but they are still human being with people and things that they cherish...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And most importantly, they should always retain the freedom to choose their own path once they've reflected on their past misdeeds!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But you! You're destroying their spirits with fear! Taking their freedom away, so that they will become slaves who'll never again feel or think!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And you say that's what they've always deserved? You're nothing compared to them.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He... He's really mad!
:{{DIcon}} I feel the same way.
:{{DIcon}} Honestly, he's been keeping it in until now.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 14.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' You think me arrogant, Wriothesley? Well, I think you're too young and naive. You understand nothing of the world.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 15.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Nobody actually sees this Fortress as any kind of just or wonderful place. See it for what it is — a dumping ground of pain and misery, irredeemable now, and irredeemable forever!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 16.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' No prisoner will listen to you out of the gratitude of their hearts. The whip is the only way to make them obey!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 17.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Had you been just one step slower, I would have already taken control of all the Gardemeks in this place.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 dougier 18.ogg}} '''Dougier:''' Your Vision gives you strength, but how long will it hold against these powerful constructs?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 15 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hmph, you talk big, but in the end, you know nothing outside of power and control. In that case... let me give you a small taste of what real power looks like.

;(After defeating the Gardemeks, a cinematic plays)
{{Cutscene Description|The Gardemeks are no match for you and Wriothesley, and Dougier falls into a panic.<br>In this state, he chooses to level a gun at Paimon, only to be subdued by the onrushing Wriothesley.<br>Dougier struggles, claiming that the Duke should set an example and not use wanton violence, as per the rules — the Duke opts to give the man a practical show of who, exactly, makes the rules in the Fortress.}}
:;(Wriothsley dispatches the last of the Gardemeks and turns on Dougier)
::'''Wriothesley:''' If you think fear can control everything...
::'''Wriothesley:''' Well then, terrify me.
::'''Dougier:''' Don't high-road me!
::'''Dougier:''' You're just another crook!
:;(Dougier pulls out a gun and fires at Wriothesley, missing)
::'''Dougier:''' And it's time you got treated like one!
:;(Failing to hit Wriothesley, Dougier levels his gun at Paimon)
:;(Wriothesley rushes forwards, grabs Dougier's neck, and lifts him off the ground)
::'''Wriothesley:''' What's the matter?
::'''Wriothesley:''' Too scared to shoot straight?
::'''Dougier:''' I—I'm warning you
::'''Dougier:''' Unauthorized punishment and torture are prohibited here!
::'''Dougier:''' As the Duke
::'''Dougier:''' You should set an example...
::'''Wriothesley:''' Funny how that slipped my mind
:;(Wriothesley slams Dougier into the ground)
::'''Wriothesley:''' Well from this point on
::'''Wriothesley:''' You can forget about that rule
::'''Wriothesley:''' The rules of the Fortress
::'''Wriothesley:''' Are there to keep the likes of you in check
::'''Wriothesley:''' But if the Duke wants somebody dead
::'''Wriothesley:''' He needs no justification
::'''Wriothesley:''' Understood?
:;(Cinematic ends)

:{{Black Screen|The guards rescue the Society members who have been imprisoned at the true headquarters.}}
:{{Black Screen|Wriothesley spends much time with each member, comforting them and extending his personal apologies.}}
:{{Black Screen|Following that, he makes arrangements for follow-up medical care and cleanup work.}}
:{{Black Screen|And thus does the Beret Society debacle truly come to an end.}}

;(Return to [[Viewpoint/The Copper Keep|The Copper Keep]])
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sorry for taking so long. Did I keep you waiting?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, not at all. Paimon didn't know you were so considerate.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Heh, if you ask me, I'd say I actually feel very helpless. There's no way that I could truly empathize with the fear that the members felt every day.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I could comfort and compensate them all I want, but it might still not be enough to repair the damage that has been done.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I have to take responsibility for it, as does the Fortress.
:{{DIcon}} At least we were able to stop it before it got any worse, right?
::{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 05a 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Yeah, it's the least that we could do.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you should give a more formal apology.
::{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 05b 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You're right. Besides formal apologies and reprimands, I also probably need to head upstairs to have a talk about how best to manage the guards.
:{{DIcon}} You sound more serious than usual.
::{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 05c 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Even I wouldn't be able to find humor in a situation like this.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, do you have a plan for how you're gonna deal with him yet?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Oh, Dougier? I've already got an idea.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' For now, I think I'll do nothing.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I think it's a very fitting punishment for him to have to imagine the sorts of punishments that will soon be coming his way.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' He'll be left in the dark with regards to both the dates and the details of his punishment.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Of course, that's not to say that I'll be letting him off scot-free. It's not often that I actually get the chance to be creative with my punishments.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'm going to talk to the members of the Society. He'll get a chance to experience everything that he's ever inflicted on them.
:{{DIcon}} Good idea.
:{{DIcon}} I suppose this is a kind of punishment that only the Fortress can mete out.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't know you could also be so harsh... Looks like she should watch her tongue when she's around you in the future.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Why do you think I'd do that kind of thing to you? You offend me, Paimon.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Anyway, jokes aside, there's still a lot for me to take care of, so...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' How about this? I'll treat you to a meal in two days at the Coupon Cafeteria. We should have a better handle on things by then.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... No, Paimon's had enough of that place...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 wriothesley 15.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Don't worry, it won't be the same old Welfare Meal. I'll make the necessary arrangements.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, then you've got yourself a deal!
----
{{Quest Description|Now that Dougier's questionable ambitions have been completely shattered, it seems like things are settling down. But will the victims fully recover from this incident? You agree to meet up with Wriothesley two days later for an update on his progress.}}
;(Approach the Coupon Cafeteria, where several Super Deluxe Welfare Meals sit prepared on a table)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, you're here.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 01a.ogg}}{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon never forgets about meals! Even if {{Traveler}} forgets, Paimon will remind {{MC|m=him|f=her}} for sure!
:{{DIcon}} You say that as if I haven't been feeding you or something...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, that's not what Paimon meant at all! Wriothesley, you got what Paimon meant, right...?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Mm? I'm a little confused, actually.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, not you, too!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Jokes aside, I've got some good news. After taking a look, the doctors have let me know that it shouldn't be too difficult to extract the thorns.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Which means that everyone should be able to recover after a period of rest.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' As for their mental recoveries, most are making good progress as well. We've added a few who were more severely affected to a special observation list.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've sure got everything taken care of, Wriothesley!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I try my best. After all, it's my duty to take care of everything that happens within my territory.
:{{DIcon}} I have a question for you, actually.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Please go ahead.
:{{DIcon}} Your flashbacks when you picked up the gem...
:{{DIcon}} Your anger when you confronted Dougier...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, that's a bit of a long story...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I once had a similar experience. It had to do with the host family I lived with as a child...
:{{Color|menu|Wriothesley tells you about his adoptive family...}}
:;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I was an orphan adopted by a couple with a great deal of love in their hearts. I had many siblings, and we all adored each other.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Once we were older, Mom and Dad would turn us over to be individually adopted by families of greater means, and go on to adopt more young children...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' They were perfect parents — or so I thought.
:;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then...?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And then I found out we were merely raised as livestock. Once we had reached a certain age, our "parents" would bring us to the market for sale.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' All children that were sold would leave the house, and nobody would know what became of them. As for those who didn't sell... they were merely "disposed of."
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 15.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Did you know? I once considered myself an extremely lucky child. And all of my friends — all of my siblings — they all felt this way as well...
:{{Color|menu|Wriothesley recounts the loss of his siblings...}}
:;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 16.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I was also not the first to find out about the truth. All those who found out before me were simply added to the disposal pile.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 17.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I could never shake the feeling of irony every time I juxtaposed their tragic ends against our parents' adoring smiles.
:{{DIcon}} That explains a lot...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 18.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Yes, like the Society, my parents created a facade of joy, lied to satiate their desires, and even employed incredibly cruel methods to keep their grasp on power.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 19.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' They did all of that, but never considered how their actions would utterly ruin all the children they took under their wing. Worse, perhaps they never cared about that at all.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 20.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' —But I did.
:;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 21.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So, in the end, I killed them, and set all of the remaining children free. I was convicted for my crimes, and exiled to the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 22.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' My methods were extreme, yes...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 23.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But I was still a teenager at the time. I'd been betrayed by those I trusted most, and I didn't think that more "moderate" ways would solve the problem.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 24.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' My doubt and helpless anger pushed me forward until I got what I deserved.
:{{DIcon}} I have to... take some time to process that.
:{{DIcon}} I don't really know what to say.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 25.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It's alright, you don't have to tell me what you think. I've already committed to this path, regardless of what anyone may say about it.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 26.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The least I can do is to make sure that the same tragedy will not happen again in my new home.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 avice 01.ogg}} '''Avice:''' Sorry to disturb you, everyone...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's Avice and Faissolle! Are you two feeling better yet?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 faissolle 01.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' It was all because you arrived in time. I managed to escape unscathed.
:{{DIcon}} Glad to hear it.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 avice 02.ogg}} '''Avice:''' We came here on impulse today, because we were hoping that you'd be able to lend us a hand, Your Grace...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 27.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Please go on right ahead. I'll do my best to help — within reason, of course.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 faissolle 02.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' It's... Erm... I'd like to be wedded to Avice here at the Fortress...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're getting married!?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 faissolle 03.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' Yeah, we met each other through the Society, and both fell into Dougier's trap.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 faissolle 04.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' But even during our time there, we never doubted each other. We always believed that Dougier was manipulating us, trying to make us mistrust each other.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 faissolle 05.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' And after this incident... We've come to believe that we've found "the one" for the rest of our lives.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 avice 03.ogg}} '''Avice:''' Hehe, you could say we managed to make the best out of a bad situation. He didn't abandon me, and I didn't forsake him either.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 avice 04.ogg}} '''Avice:''' But we're still both prisoners, and we also aren't sure if the Fortress is the best place to host something so celebratory...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 avice 05.ogg}} '''Avice:''' So we are just wondering... Is our request a bit too out of line?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 28.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hmm, you're right in that the Fortress has never hosted a wedding before...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 29.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But that's no reason to say no, is it? I'll help you make the arrangements. If you need anything special shipped in from the surface, just say the word.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 faissolle 06.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' We can't thank you enough, Your Grace!
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 faissolle 07.ogg}} '''Faissolle:''' We are actually also planning to stay here after the conclusion of our sentences.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 avice 06.ogg}} '''Avice:''' Yeah, we've already made tons of special memories here, so now, it'd be too hard to leave.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 avice 07.ogg}} '''Avice:''' And we have full confidence in the Fortress' future with you at the helm, Your Grace.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 30.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Your trust is the highest form of praise.
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, loosen up a bit. Shouldn't you be the happiest man in Teyvat to hear that people would like to stay of their own free will?
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 31.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Yeah...
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 18 wriothesley 32.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'll always take a genuine expression of faith over any obligation to obey.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dyzlq003 7 wyler 01.ogg}} '''Wyler:''' Those blasted guards! <!--Chase Wyler into the guards?-->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = It's What He Deserves
|zhs     = 罪有应得
|zhs_rm  = Zuìyǒuyīngdé
|zht     = 罪有應得
|zht_rm  = Zuìyǒuyīngdé
|zh_tl   = A Deserved Punishment
|zh_note = {{zh|{{wt|罪有應得|罪有应得}}}} is an idiom that describes someone deserving the punishment for their crimes or bad behavior.
|ja      = 自業自得
|ja_rm   = Jigoujitoku
|ja_tl   = Getting What One Deserves
|ja_note = {{ja|{{wt|自業自得}}|lit=own karma, own gain}} is an idiom, originally from Buddhism, that is akin to English "reap what one sows."
|ko      = 인과응보
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Justo castigo
|es_tl   = Just Punishment
|fr      = Ce qu'il mérite
|fr_tl   = What He Deserves
|ru      = По заслугам
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = กรรมที่พึงรับ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ác Giả Ác Báo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gerechte Strafe
|de_tl   = Just Punishment
|id      = Dia Layak Mendapatkannya
|id_tl   = He Deserves It
|pt      = É O Que Ele Merece
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Herkes Hak Ettiğini Bulur
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = È ciò che si merita.
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}