{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Iwakura Michihiro.png
|realname         = 
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Mikoshi Clan
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|affiliation2     = Iwakura Clan
|affiliation3     = Kujou Clan
|affiliationNote3 = instructor
|title            = Douin
|group            = Oni

|ancestry         = [[Iwakura Clan]]
|mother           = Mikoshi Chiyo
|sibling          = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|siblingNote      = Adoptive brother
}}
{{Lang|'''Iwakura Michihiro'''|ja=岩蔵道啓|ja_rm=Iwakura Michihiro}}, born {{Lang|'''Mikoshi Michihiro'''|ja=御輿道啓}} and later given the title {{Lang|'''Douin'''|ja=道胤}}, was the eldest son of the [[oni]] [[Mikoshi Chiyo]], the legitimate heir to the [[Mikoshi Clan]],<ref name="Emblem of Severed Fate">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Emblem of Severed Fate}}</ref> and the adoptive brother of [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]].<ref name="KatNag">{{Ref/Weapon|Katsuragikiri Nagamasa}}</ref>

He lived through the [[cataclysm]] five hundred years ago, during which Chiyo was corrupted by [[the Abyss]] during a battle against a certain "creature of sin" and turned her blade on the [[Raiden Shogun]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Mask of the Kijin}}</ref> As one of Beelzebul's most trusted allies, Chiyo's betrayal was a great stain on the Mikoshi name. Michihiro secluded himself in [[Konda Village]]<ref name="Amenoma Kageuchi">{{Ref/Weapon|Amenoma Kageuchi}}</ref> out of shame until he met [[Teruyo]] of the [[Mt. Yougou|Yougou]] [[Tengu]], who gave him the name "Iwakura" to distance him from his past.<ref name="Emblem of Severed Fate" /> He thereafter became the patriarch of the [[Iwakura Clan]].

He had the famed sword {{Lang|"Hakuen Bankou Amenoma"|ja=薄縁満光天目}} and its ''kageuchi'' (spare copy) [[Amenoma Kageuchi]], forged by the [[Amenoma Smithy]] owner at the time. The sword Hakuen Bankou is passed down to each bearer of the {{Lang|"In"|ja=胤}} title. Meanwhile, the ''kageuchi'' was gifted to the [[Saimon Clan]] of the [[Konda Village]] as a token of gratitude from him.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events|As Though Surrounded by Thunder=cinematic}}

==Story==
===As Mikoshi Michihiro===
Little is known about Michihiro's early life, besides the fact that he was Chiyo's biological son. At some point in time, Chiyo fostered Nagamasa and adopted him into the Mikoshi Clan.<ref name="KatNag" />

===As Iwakura Michihiro===
During his time in seclusion, Iwakura encountered Teruyo of Yougou. She gave him his "Iwakura" name and set up a wager: if he could touch her during their duel, she would let him call his blade the "Tengu Victor." He managed to accomplish this feat with a swing so strong, it destroyed both the abandoned temple they dueled in and the blade he used. After refining his swordsmanship style, Michihiro named it the "Tengu Sweeper" and established his own sword school, known as the Iwakura Art.<ref name="Emblem of Severed Fate" />

The [[Kujou Clan]] recruited him as their sword instructor and bestowed upon him the title of "Douin."<ref name="Emblem of Severed Fate" /><ref name="Amenoma Kageuchi" />

===Legacy===
At some point while Michihiro was still alive, the [[Maguu Kenki]] was built based on his Iwakura Art and modeled after him. However, the combat puppet did not work as intended and was abandoned,<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Maguu Kenki}}</ref> and [[Ako Domeki]]'s crew stole a Maguu Kenki puppet during their conflict with the Shogunate.<ref>Event: [[Echoing Tales/Story|Echoing Tales]]</ref>

The Iwakura Art has been passed down to modern times and is still presently practiced. However, after the enactment of the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], many of its practitioners became vagrant [[Nobushi]] and [[Kairagi]]. During the [[Traveler]]'s journey across Inazuma, they inadvertently cause the destruction of the Iwakura Clan.

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* In Shinto, {{Lang|{{w|iwakura}}|ja=磐座/岩座}} is a large rock or rock formation used to invite down {{Lang|{{w|kami}}|ja=神}}, or believed to inhabit kami themselves. The {{Lang|"Iwakura"|ja=岩蔵}} in Iwakura Michihiro's and his clan's name does ''not'' use this term, but it is used when Teruyo explains the name's meaning. The English localization translates {{ja|磐座}} as "seat of rock."
** In both Chinese and Japanese, the term {{ja|座|rm=kura}} is used to denote constellation names. For example, [[Zhongli]]'s Japanese Constellation name is {{ja|岩王帝君座|tl=Seat of the Rock King Emperor}}. This suggests that Teruyo may have been naming Iwakura's constellation, his "seat of fate," in her attempt to spare him from the fate of his oni lineage.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Sundered Feather|quote="Thinking back, I changed your name in hopes that you might escape from the curse of the oni bloodline."}}</ref>
* Michihiro may have been inspired by swordsmen of the {{w|Yagyū Shinkage-ryū|Yagyuu Shinkage school}} (one of two schools officially patronized by the Tokugawa Shogunate), notably its founder {{w|Yagyū Munetoshi|Yagyuu "Sekishuusai" Munetoshi}} (1527–1606) and his son {{w|Yagyū Munenori|Yagyuu Munenori}} (1571–1646).
** Michihiro's signature sword art {{Lang|Tengu Sweeper|ja=天狗抄|ja_rm=Tengu-Shou|ja_tl=Tengu Raid}} is most likely a reference to a sword technique of the same name<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/u1ix3G95-QY Yagyu Shinkage Ryu: Tengu-Sho] (demonstration video)</ref> used by the {{w|Kage-ryū (Aizu)|Kage school}} and its branch Yagyuu Shinkage school.
** According to folklore, Munetoshi once had a duel with a tengu.<ref name="ittou-seki">Nara Prefecture Sightseeing Guide: [http://www.pref.nara.jp/koho/kenmindayori/tayori/t2008/tayori2003/naranomukashi2003.htm Tengu no Ittou-seki] (in Japanese)</ref> When Munetoshi finally slashed his opponent, the tengu suddenly disappeared and what appeared in turn was a huge rock that was cut into two pieces.<ref name="ittou-seki" /> The said rock ''Ittou-seki'' is now located nearby the Ama no Iwadate Shrine, known for the worship of sacred rocks.<ref name="ittou-seki" /> This legend may have inspired Michihiro's duel with the tengu Teruyo and his surname Iwakura.
** Munetoshi was also a fellow disciple of the warrior-monk {{w|Hōzōin In'ei|Houzouin In'ei}}, who likely inspired the spearman [[Kitain Bunsou]] in the game.
** Munetoshi's son Munenori served as a major warlord of {{w|Tokugawa Ieyasu}}, the founder and the first shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate. He was also a sword instructor of the second shogun {{w|Tokugawa Hidetada}}.
** Munenori was also a disciple of the Zen monk {{w|Takuan Sōhō|Takuan Souhou}}. Under the influence of Takuan, he developed a philosophy that swordsmanship and zen are one and the same. Such a Buddhist influence can also be seen in the episode and the name of Michihiro's sword Hakuen Bankou, which is said to be able to sever {{w|Pratītyasamutpāda|mortal fate}} (see [[Amenoma Kageuchi#Trivia]] for details).

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Iwakura Michihiro
|zhs      = 岩藏道启
|zhs_rm   = Yáncáng Dàoqǐ{{Assumed}}
|zht      = 岩藏道啟
|zht_rm   = Yáncáng Dàoqǐ{{Assumed}}
|ja       = 岩蔵道啓
|ja_rm    = Iwakura Michihiro
|ko       = 이와쿠라 미치히로
|es       = Iwakura Michihiro
|fr       = Iwakura Michihiro
|ru       = Ивакура Митихиро
|th       = Iwakura Michihiro
|vi       = Iwakura Michihiro
|de       = Iwakura Michihiro
|id       = Iwakura Michihiro
|pt       = Iwakura Michihiro
|tr       = Iwakura Michihiro
|it       = Iwakura Michihiro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Iwakura Michihiro]]
[[ru:Ивакура Докэй]]