{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Ixlel.png
|deceased         = Soul released by the [[Traveler]] during {{Quest|Open Your Heart to Me}}
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = 
|realname         = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|title            = Chronicler of the End Times
|title2           = Dragonlord
|title3           = Type-L Self-Regulating Overseer Array Integrated Processing Unit
|title4           = CL-09
|title5           = Ninth Lord
|group            = Dragons

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Ixlel''', full name '''Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L''', is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Open Your Heart to Me}}. 

==Profile==
Ixlel was once the Ninth of the [[Thirteen Sovereign Lords]]<ref name=Record2>Interactable, Chamber of Deliberation: [[Chamber_of_Deliberation#Chamber_of_Deliberation:_Sovereign_Rulers'_Council_Records_2|Sovereign Rulers' Council Records, No.: B-CL-13097]]</ref> and the ruler of [[Chichen Uctokah]], the original name of [[Ochkanatlan]]. Thousands of years ago, she was sealed within the [[Old Core of Chu'ulel]] by [[Och-Kan]]. In the present day, the Traveler frees her from her imprisonment.

In the past, she was acquainted with [[Ajaw]], as she referred to him as a "lost colleague in rulership."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me|quote='''Ixlel:''' For you are the noble one, the Chosen of Dragons. Apart from our lost colleagues in {{Rubi|rulership|Ajaw}}, you alone have the right to give unto me release befitting of my rank.}}</ref> 

Like many dragons, Ixlel is very prideful; she insists that [[Paimon]] address her by her rank and believes that only the Traveler (the "Chosen of Dragons") is worthy of undoing her imprisonment. Near the end of her life, she seems to be cynical and restless, weighed down by millennia of memories, silent confinement, and hatred for Och-Kan.

===Appearance===
She has the appearance of a large stone dragon statue. It is implied that before her imprisonment, she could change her form at will.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me|quote='''Ixlel:''' Did this despicable statue not entrap me, I would surely have presented myself to you in a more elegant fashion, whether it be in a Dragonlord's form, or a mortal's guise...}}</ref>

[[Manqu]] witnessed her in human guise, where she was described as a young woman with skin made of crystal and eyes made of turquoise.<ref name=Memo>Interactable, Old Core of Chu'ulel: [[Old_Core_of_Chu'ulel#Artisan's_Memo_(II)|Artisan's Memo (II)]]</ref> Though Manqu says she should have been beautiful, he found her unsettling for some reason.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
Ixlel had been the ruler of [[Chichen Uctokah]] since before human civilization bloomed in Natlan. She retained the position until the city fell, some thousands of years ago.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Perfect Heart of the Sacred Dragon|quote=Before the fires of human civilization had ever been kindled, it was the heart of the Dragonlord Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L, ruler of Chichen Uctokah.}}</ref> In addition to maintaining the city, she also had an interest in a certain "well," likely the pit of the [[Old Core of Chu'ulel]], which other dragons are known to have feared.<ref name=Record2 /> This location is a hotbed of [[Abyss]] activity, and it is possible that Ixlel was investigating the Abyss or [[Forbidden Knowledge]] in this location, as she is actively defended by [[Tenebrous Mimiflora]].

A few thousand years ago, [[Och-Kan]] ordered the "well" to be excavated, which required draining large amounts of water. However, workers experienced strange hallucinations and diseases during the project,<ref name=Priest>Interactable, Vucub Caquix Tower: [[Vucub Caquix Tower#Nameless_Priest's Notes|Nameless Priest's Notes]]</ref> with all teams but one dying during the process. Eventually, Ixlel herself was uncovered beneath the water, and Och-Kan personally burnt all the surviving workers alive. Only the leader of the team, [[Manqu]], survived; Ixlel appeared before him in human form, and gave him a vision of events which closely match the [[Great War of Vengeance]].<ref name=Memo /> 

Ixlel initially swore allegiance to Och-Kan because of his royal blood (though he himself hated it), dubbing him the "fated Sovereign" and sharing her knowledge of the ancient dragon empire, including information about the "ladder that climbed up to the firmament" and the [[Moon Sisters]]' collapse. However, Och-Kan became deeply disturbed by this knowledge, believing that humanity would be crushed should the dragons regain their power. He concluded that reconciliation between the two sides was futile, and resolved to completely strip Ixlel of her authority.<ref>Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (V)|Holy's Sovereign's Notes (V)]]</ref>

Not long after this revelation, Och-Kan trapped Ixlel within the [[Old Core of Chu'ulel]]. To keep her imprisoned, he extracted her "[[Perfect Heart of the Sacred Dragon|heart]]," ripped it apart, and hid the pieces in various devices.<ref name="Open">{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me}}</ref> However, he had based the power system of Ochkanatlan on that of Chichen Uctokah, and thus only a dragon could operate it. For a time, Och-Kan forcibly siphoned Ixlel's energy to power his city, but her hostility and defiance eventually prompted him to build a new [[Core of Chu'ulel]] &mdash; one he could fully control.<ref>Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (VII)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (VII)]]</ref>

Following this, monsters aligned with the Abyss (likely the Tenebrous Mimiflora still seen in the present day) began appearing, centred around the Old Core of Chu'ulel. Humans around the city began contracting a strange illness which also turned them into some kind of monster.<ref name=Priest /> Eventually, the incursion of the Abyss would push Och-Kan to breaking point, contributing to Ochkanatlan's eventual downfall.<ref>Interactable: [[Holy_Sovereign's_Notes#Holy_Sovereign's_Notes_(VIII)_2|Holy Sovereign's Notes (VIII)]]</ref> It is unknown whether Ixlel actively enabled this incursion, but it isn't outside the realm of possibility, due to her statue being guarded by Tenebrous Mimiflora.

Ixlel would remain confined within the statue until the present day. At some point, her prison filled with water, submerging her completely.

During the events of ''[[Open Your Heart to Me]]'', Ixlel calls out to the [[Traveler]] from within the Old Core of Chu'ulel. The Traveler lowers the water level and reveals the giant statue, allowing her to speak freely once more. Knowing that her life was nearing its end but refusing to die in shackles, Ixlel asks the Traveler &mdash; the "Chosen of Dragons" &mdash; to release her and grant her a dignified death. Obliging her request, the Traveler collects the pieces of her "heart" and destroys the chains binding her consciousness. She then pours her remaining energy into the "heart," and her soul is put to rest.

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* '''Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L''' name comes from the {{w|Mayan_languages|Mayan languages}}.
** ''Ix'' (Mayan: ''Ix'') means "woman". It is the "female prefix" used to form female titles. 
** ''Uxul'' (Mayan: ''{{w|Uxul}}'') means "at the end." It was also an ancient Maya settlement in the Campeche region of Mexico.
** ''Tz'ib'' (Mayan: ''{{wt|tzʼib#Epigraphic_Mayan|Tzʼib}}'') means "to write, to paint."
** ''Bolon'' (Mayan: ''{{wt|bʼolon#Epigraphic_Mayan|Bolon}}'') means "nine."
** ''Ch'ule-L'' ({{w|Tzeltal_language|Mayan Tzeltal}}: ''Ch'ulel'') means "essence" or "soul." It is the inner, individual soul which has thirteen parts and is centered in the heart.
* '''Ixlel''' ({{w|Tzeltal_language|Mayan Tzeltal}}: ''Ixlel'') means "little sister."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_default_hidden = 1
|1_en      = Ixlel
|1_zhs     = 伊蕾尔
|1_zhs_rm  = Yīlěi'ěr
|1_zht     = 伊蕾爾
|1_zht_rm  = Yīlěi'ěr
|1_ja      = イレール
|1_ko      = 이렐
|1_es      = Ixlel
|1_fr      = Ixlel
|1_ru      = Ишлел
|1_th      = Ixlel
|1_vi      = Ixlel
|1_de      = Ixlel
|1_id      = Ixlel
|1_pt      = Ixlel
|1_tr      = Ixlel
|1_it      = Ixlel
|2_default_hidden = 1
|2_en      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_zhs     = 伊·奎库叙·茨博隆·库·雷尔
|2_zhs_rm  = Yī Kuíkùxù Cíbólóng Kù Léi'ěr
|2_zht     = 伊·奎庫敘·茨博隆·庫·雷爾
|2_zht_rm  = Yī Kuíkùxù Cíbólóng Kù Léi'ěr
|2_ja      = イ・クェクシ・ツボロン・ク・レール
|2_ko      = 이쉬·우슐·티즈입볼론·추·렐
|2_es      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_fr      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_ru      = Иш Ушул Циб Болон Чуле-L
|2_th      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_vi      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_de      = Ix Uxul Tz’ib Bolon Ch’ule-L
|2_id      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_pt      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_tr      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
|2_it      = Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}