{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Ixquieh.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Nanatzcayan
|title            = Chief of the Children of Echoes

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Ahpub
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Ixquieh''' is a historical character in [[Natlan]] who bore the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name|BRK|'''Baraka'''|bearer=1}}.<ref group="Note">{{Ref/Weapon|Footprint of the Rainbow|quote=And so, following the path of "strength" and "blessings," the twin heroes ventured forth}}</ref>

She and her twin brother, [[Ahpub]], joined [[Xbalanque]] in his quest to overthrow [[Xiuhcoatl]]. Ixquieh then served as Chief of the [[Nanatzcayan]] tribe during the time of the [[Grand Alliance]]. She was ultimately killed by her brother (accidentally) in an argument over ideals.<ref name="Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Ring of Yaxche}}</ref>

==Profile==
Ixquieh was known for her skill at the forge and as an engineer.<ref>Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes(I)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (I)]]</ref> She was described to be a "calm, unflappable" person, in contrast to her brother's "explosive temperament."<ref name="Ring" />
<!--
===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Story==
Ixquieh and [[Ahpub]] were born when dragons still ruled Natlan. When they were young, their father "lost his life due to the Dragonlord's impulsive whims" and their mother sacrificed herself to protect them. The twins were somehow separated during this time and had to endure "countless trials." They were only able to reunite with the help of the [[Collective of Plenty]] and [[Children of Echoes]].<ref name="Ring" />

When they met again "before the evil dragon's corpse," the two vowed to "obliterate death, destruction, and pain" and "make it so the strong of the world can never again bully the weak." To this end, they once used trickery to strip a "great dragon" of its power and bury it alive amidst the mountains.<ref name="Ring" /> It is unclear which dragon this legend refers to.

At some point, Ixquieh and Ahpub met Xbalanque and declared their allegiance to him, so long as he wished to "execute fell dragons" and "stamp out suffering." This allegiance later extended to [[Och-Kan]] and the Grand Alliance. After Och-Kan became King of [[Ochkanatlan (Civilization)|Ochkanatlan]], Ixquieh became Chief of the Children of Echoes, and Ahpub became Chief of the Collective of Plenty. By this time, Ixquieh's views on dragons had shifted, but her brother's desire for revenge had only grown.<ref name="Ring" />

When Och-Kan ordered that all fleeing dragons be pursued, only Ahpub obeyed. He led his forces to the Nanatzcayan's territory and insisted that they hand over any dragons they were harboring, but Ixquieh refused. They faced off for several days, until Ahpub arranged for a private meeting. It quickly devolved into an argument. Ahpub accused her of betraying the Alliance and their vow, but Ixquieh felt that it was he and Och-Kan who had deviated from Xbalanque's ideals, becoming too blinded by bloodlust to see reason. She threatened to oppose him if he continued to persecute "peace-loving dragons." In the heat of the moment, Ahpub drew his sword and leveled it at Ixquieh's neck, only intending to intimidate her. However, he accidentally struck her throat and she bled out in his arms. Grief-stricken, Ahpub "walked into the incinerating fire" with Ixquieh's body, never to be seen again.<ref name="Ring" />

Their adventures went on to inspire traditions of both the Collective of Plenty and the Children of Echoes.<ref name="Ring" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
*''Ixquieh'' is a possible derivation of {{w|Xquic}}, also written as ''Ixquic'' a Mayan mythological figure who were one of the daughters of the {{w|Maya death gods}} and the mother of the {{w|Maya Hero Twins}}.   
** The ''quieh'' in her name means "deer" in many Mayan languages.
*Her being related to [[Ahpub]] is a possible reference of how {{w|Xquic}} is the daughter of the {{w|Maya death gods}} with the God {{w|Cizin|Ah Puch}} being the most important God among them.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Ixquieh
|zhs      = 伊葵
|zhs_rm   = Yīkuí
|zht      = 伊葵
|zht_rm   = Yīkuí
|ja       = イキ
|ko       = 익키
|es       = Ixquieh
|fr       = Ixquieh
|ru       = Икцуй
|th       = Ixquieh
|vi       = Ixquieh
|de       = Ixquieh
|id       = Ixquieh
|pt       = Ixquieh
|tr       = Ixquieh
|it       = Ixquieh
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}