{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Jacques.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name-->
|deceased         = Past <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Coralie
|sibling          = 
|child            = Adele
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Jacques''' is a mentioned character involved in the [[Sinthe]] business. He is the father of [[Adele]] and husband of [[Coralie]].

==Profile==
Jacques was involved in the [[Sinthe]] business. He had moral qualms and regrets after seeing Sinthe destroy the lives of many people. [[Callas]] once approached Jacques in an attempt to put an end to the Sinthe business and gain intel on the vendors and people manufacturing the drug. However, at a banquet, Jacques was shot and killed, and Callas was implicated for murder. Afterwards, Callas chose to defend his honor, but died in a duel with [[Clorinde]].

After Jacques' death, his wife Coralie and daughter Adele grieved. It is later found out that Jacques was pressured by other Sinthe businesspeople to assassinate Callas. However, fearing that Jacques would not carry out with the assassination, they hired a third party to carry out the deed. Indeed, Jacques could not bring himself to kill Callas, resulting in the assassin killing Jacques, but not Callas, who killed the assassin, and the assassin was subsequently dissolved into water by [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]] to hide proof of a third party being involved.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Truth, Lost With the Rain}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Jacques
|zhs     = 雅克
|zhs_rm  = Yǎkè
|zht     = 雅克
|zht_rm  = Yǎkè
|ja      = ジャック
|ja_rm   = Jakku
|ko      = 자크
|es      = Jacques
|fr      = Jacques
|ru      = Жак
|th      = Jacques
|vi      = Jacques
|de      = Jacques
|id      = Jacques
|pt      = Jacques
|tr      = Jacques
|it      = Jacques
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}