{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11009
|image         = Archon Quest ICA1 Jade Chamber Rising.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Interlude Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Crane Returns on the Wind
|part          = 1
|region        = Liyue
|requirement   = [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = Seagaze Sunset
|exp           = 425
|mora          = 15,325
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|6}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Baizhu; Changgui; Herbalist Gui; Hongfei; Ningguang; Paimon; Qiang the Brave; Scar Liu; Shenhe; Traveler; Zheng (Jade Chamber Rising); Zhicheng; Siqin; Liang (Seagaze Sunset); Baiwen; Changfeng; Leming; Anshun; Lizheng
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|I|1|1}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Yujing Terrace]] to listen to [[Ningguang]]'s speech
# Follow the "information peddlers" to figure out what's going on
# Observe the disagreement between the unknown young lady and the information peddlers
# Bring [[Shenhe]] to [[Bubu Pharmacy]] to purchase medicines

==Notes==
*If [[The Illuminated Beast of the Sea of Clouds]] is underway at the same time, this quest cannot start before approaching Ganyu at Mt. Aocang.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Liyue Harbor]] is all abuzz with the news of the [[Jade Chamber]]'s rebuilding. Go to Yujing Terrace and ask [[Ningguang]] for the details.}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Ningguang)
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have gathered everyone here today to make an important announcement.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Perhaps some of you will have heard the news already. I am, in fact, planning to rebuild the [[Jade Chamber]].
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 hongfei 01.ogg}} '''[[Hongfei]]:''' Rebuild the Jade Chamber? That's a huge project...
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 changgui 01.ogg}} '''[[Changgui]]:''' So the rumors are true. No wonder the price of building materials has gone up so much lately.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 zhicheng 01.ogg}} '''[[Zhicheng]]:''' The Jade Chamber means a lot to Lady Ningguang. Getting involved in this would be a huge opportunity...
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 hongfei 02.ogg}} '''Hongfei:''' Lady Ningguang, is there any way we can be of service?
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Patience. Since the news made it out a few days ago, I have already had many people contacting me to declare an interest in joining the project.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Nevertheless, I do have a few matters I should like to entrust to you here today.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The building site has been chosen, and most of the materials have been assembled. Three key items are, however, still outstanding.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' They are as follows: [[Sunset Vermillionite]], [[Wonder Core]]s, and [[Adepti Sigil]]s.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 changgui 02.ogg}} '''Changgui:''' Uh... Excuse my ignorance, Lady Ningguang. I'm familiar enough with [[Plaustrite]], but I've never even heard of those other two.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Only sufficiently large pieces of Plaustrite &mdash; or specifically, [[Vermillionite]] &mdash; may earn themselves the "Sunset" moniker. This stone is what allows the Jade Chamber to float. Wonder Cores, meanwhile, are the central components of the mechanical structure of the Jade Chamber.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Adepti Sigils serve as a means of integrating the mechanical devices with adepti art. They are as indispensable as the mechanical core itself.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Although these 3 items are rare, I trust that with your connections and capabilities, procuring them will not be a question of "if," but of "when."
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I take the saying "Time is money" more seriously than most. Efficiency is everything. I will pay a generous price for the materials that you find, and in addition, the first three people who collect all the materials will have the opportunity to ask me a question.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You may ask me anything, and I will give you an honest answer. I trust that this means of compensation will be to everyone's satisfaction.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 changgui 03.ogg}} '''Changgui:''' These things won't be easy to get hold of, but if it means a chance to get some inside information on Liyue Harbor's development plan for next year...
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 zhicheng 02.ogg}} '''Zhicheng:''' ...then it's the deal of a lifetime. Information from Lady Ningguang is priceless. Whoever gets to it first takes the market...
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 hongfei 03.ogg}} '''Hongfei:''' Haha, what a coincidence! I won't divulge too much, but I heard some murmurings about some Plaustrite just the other day. So excuse me, all, but I have some business to do!
;(Hongfei leaves)
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 changgui 04.ogg}} '''Changgui:''' Ah, no... We'd better move quickly, or this opportunity will be snatched away from us!
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ningguang's rebuilding the Jade Chamber!? This is a huge deal. Let's get involved!
;(The Traveler walks towards Ningguang)
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So you heard my announcement, did you? What do you think? Interested?
:{{DIcon}} Can I really ask you anything at all?
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, providing the question pertains to something I am knowledgeable about.
:{{DIcon}} (Maybe I can find out more about my (sister/brother)...)
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Ooh, then Paimon will ask you about how to run a business!
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then we will never be short of Mora ever again!
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe, of course. But how much information I share with you will depend on your performance.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The construction of the Jade Chamber requires a great deal of space. The abandoned mine outside the [[Golden House]] has been selected as the building site. Once you have collected the materials, please take them there.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have other business to attend to now, otherwise I would gladly escort you to the site in person. When you do arrive, please seek out my secretary.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Remember, this is a race against the clock. A rare opportunity presents itself to you... Do not let somebody else snatch it from your grasp.
;(Ningguang leaves)
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ningguang seems super busy... C'mon, we'd better get going.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' First we gotta get out of Yujing Terrace... Huh? Look, (Traveler), it seems like there's something kinda fishy going on over there.

:{{A|vo shlq001 1 scarredliu 01.ogg}} '''[[Scar Liu]]:''' Ma'am, you seem like an eminent and distinguished young lady to me. I can see that you're easily gonna win this procurement contest Lady Ningguang has set up.
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 scarredliu 02.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' As it happens, we have some information about the materials that I really think might interest you. Come on, let's find somewhere a little more private, and we can get down to brass tacks...
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 shenhe 01.ogg}} '''???:''' No. I don't need it.
;(??? leaves)
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 scarredliu 03.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' Aww, don't be like that. Hey, come on, don't go!
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 scarredliu 04.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' Well don't just stand there, after her!
:{{A|vo shlq001 1 thebraveqiang 01.ogg}} '''[[Qiang the Brave]]:''' Oh, right, yeah!
;(Scar Liu and Qiang the Brave leave)

:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you hear that, (Traveler)? They said they had some useful information!
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Information's just what we need right now. Let's follow them and see what we can find out!
{{Dialogue end}}

----
{{Quest Description|update|As you prepare to leave [[Yujing Terrace]], you come across some information peddlers and a mysterious young lady. Perhaps this situation might be worth checking out.}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked location near [[Jinzhong]])
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... They're not here. Let's keep looking.

;(Approach the unknown lady and the peddlers)
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 01.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' Hehe. Well, will you look at that, Ma'am. Nowhere left to run.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 02.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' Don't worry. We're not bad guys. You give us some Mora, we give you a little info, everybody's a winner.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 thebraveqiang 01.ogg}} '''Qiang the Brave:''' Boss, I got a bad feeling about this. Look at her, the white hair, the energy she gives off... I'm telling you, there's something different about her...
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 03.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' So what? She's loaded! How are we ever going to repay those gambling debts if we just let money walk away from us, huh?
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I've already told you. I don't need your information.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 02.ogg}} '''???:''' If you still can't grasp that, I'm happy to repeat it in a way that won't be so easy to forget.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 04.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' *sigh* ...Come on, Ma'am. You seem like an intelligent lady. I shouldn't have to spell this out to you.
'''Having seen what's happening, you and Paimon immediately understand the situation. However, things like this fall under the jurisdiction of the Millelith'''
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 05.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' It's not about whether you need the info or not, okay? It's about you taking out your money and handing it over and nobody getting hurt.
;(Paimon points the Traveler to the Millelith in the background)
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I won't&mdash;
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 06.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' No more excuses! I know you have money. I saw you.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 07.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' Yeah, I saw you, strolling into [[Liuli Pavilion]], ordering a table full of food, and only taking a few bites.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 08.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' Then [[Xinyue Kiosk]], then [[Wanmin Restaurant]]. Same story each time &mdash; you order all the signature dishes, take a few bites, then you're on your way again.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 09.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' How could you afford to be so wasteful if you weren't from a rich family? And since you're so rich, what's the loss to you in giving us a little spare change, huh?
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Master warned me not to lay a hand on anyone in Liyue Harbor...
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 05.ogg}} '''???:''' But here we are. Perhaps... Yes. Let's call it "fate."
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 thebraveqiang 02.ogg}} '''Qiang the Brave:''' Boss, I'm telling you, something's not right...
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 10.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' What are you afraid of? We're just selling information, it's not illegal. If she lays a finger on us, all the better &mdash; we'll sue her for everything she's worth!
;(Traveler arrives with the Millelith)
:{{DIcon}} There they are.
:{{DIcon}} They're trying to intimidate people into doing business.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 zheng 01.ogg}} '''[[Zheng (Jade Chamber Rising)|Zheng]]:''' Oh? You again.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 11.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' The Millelith? Wh&mdash;What are the Millelith doing here? Did you do this? Hmph! You oughta mind your own business! I swear&mdash;
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 zheng 02.ogg}} '''Zheng:''' Silence! How dare you threaten innocent civilians! You're coming with us!
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 scarredliu 12.ogg}} '''Scar Liu:''' Hehe... Don't be angry, Sir. Please, let me explain.

:'''The Millelith takes away the hooligans who were surrounding the young lady with white hair.'''

:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 06.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry. Everything's okay now.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 07.ogg}} '''???:''' ...[[Shenhe]].
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shenhe?
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 08.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' My name.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, so your name's Shenhe! Paimon's name is... well Paimon! And this is Paimon's travel buddy, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 09.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I've heard about you two before. Thank you for helping to defuse the situation.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 10.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I could've dealt with it myself, though. I suspect smashing his head against the ground a handful of times is all it would have taken to get him to surrender.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah! Y&mdash;You can't do that! That's way too violent!
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is Liyue Harbor. There are laws against that kinda stuff you know!
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 11.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' ...Laws?
:{{DIcon}} Have you not heard of the law, Shenhe?
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 12.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' No. Apparently not.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really!? So how exactly have you&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Um... What was that noise...
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 13.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' That would be my stomach growling. I haven't eaten enough.
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's so honest...
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, that's right &mdash; they said you went around all the restaurants ordering this and that and the other, but only took a small bite of each dish...
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then of course you're still hungry! So... anything in particular you're hungry for?
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 14.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' [[Qingxin]], [[Glaze Lily]], [[Violetgrass]]. These are my usuals.
:{{DIcon}} Those are all medicinal herbs...
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 shenhe 15.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' ...Medicinal herbs?
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kinda hard to explain... Anyway, [[Bubu Pharmacy]]'s not far away. Let's take Shenhe there for a big medicinal meal!
:{{A|vo shlq001 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all, you can't work on an empty stomach!

:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Psst! (Traveler)! Do you think Shenhe might be an adeptus?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems like it's her first time in Liyue Harbor, and she doesn't seem to get how things work here... If she's an adeptus, that would explain everything.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where does she fit in with the other adepti, though? Paimon's super curious...
{{Dialogue end}}

----
{{Quest Description|update|You still have many questions. But those can wait: time to bring Shenhe to [[Bubu Pharmacy]] to have a meal...}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Bubu Pharmacy)
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 herbalistgui 01.ogg}} '''[[Herbalist Gui]]:''' Are you here to buy some herbs? I do hope you brought your prescription?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Qingxin, Glaze Lily, and Violetgrass, please. Half a pound of each.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 herbalistgui 02.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' What kind of prescription is this? Sounds more like a lunch order, hah... Oh, here you go, that's everything we have in stock.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Thank you.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's... really eating them...

:'''To everyone's astonishment, Shenhe polishes off all the medicinal herbs.'''

:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' My hunger has now abated. Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} How did they taste...?
:{{DIcon}} Are they really that good?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 04.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Rather awful.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 05.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Though they were not completely devoid of sweet fragrance, after consuming a large quantity of them, bitterness is all that remains.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...So how come you chow down on these and barely touch the restaurant food?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Paimon had enough Mora, Paimon would go to the fanciest restaurant in town, and order a whole table of food, and eat it all in one go!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 06.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Because I'm not sure whether I will remain here in the future.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 07.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' The food of the mortal realm is most delicious. But should I return to the mountains, yearning for the food here shall only pose an obstacle to my continued spiritual development.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 08.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Sampling each dish in order to appreciate its taste is enough.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Return to the mountains"... That proves it. (Traveler)! Paimon knew she was an adeptus!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 09.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Enough about me. What are your plans from here?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right! Paimon almost forgot. We came out to take part in the rebuild-the-Jade-Chamber competition!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And... and now we're probably super behind because we've been held up for so long...
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 10.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I see. I heard something about the contest when I was passing by.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... Yep, you get to ask Ningguang any question you want if you win!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Were you interested in the contest too, Shenhe?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 11.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I came for the rebuilding of the Jade Chamber. But until this point, I had no intention of joining a contest.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 12.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' However, you have shown me your kindness, and I would now like to lend you my assistance. Don't worry. I ask for nothing in return.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! You really don't have to...
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...but having an adeptus help out will make things a whole lot easier, so....
:{{DIcon}} Sure. Then let's join forces.
:{{DIcon}} We welcome you to our team.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 13.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Then let's not delay. I have a plan.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Paimon bets this is gonna be the awesomest plan ever!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 14.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I am not sure whether, or to what extent, this plan can be classified as "awesome." I do, however, believe it will be highly effective.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 15.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' We simply need to dispose of everyone who is currently ahead of us. Then, we alone shall become the victors.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Veto! That is not acceptable, not by a long shot!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 shenhe 16.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Really? But I hear that competition is in essence about conflict and one-upmanship...
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, we want to win this competition fair and square, okay!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sunset Vermillionite, Wonder Cores, and Adepti Sigils... Let's start at the top of the list and work down. So for Plaustrite&mdash;
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I was wondering who I could hear arguing over there. So, it's you.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Baizhu]]! What are you doing out here?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Lady Ningguang wishes to purchase a large batch of wound dressing. We're running low at the store, so I came out to fetch the ingredients personally.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How come Lady Ningguang needs so much wound dressing all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 baizhu 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I'm not too sure. I did hear that she's looking to rebuild the Jade Chamber, maybe for its first aid on site? I didn't ask, though &mdash; far be it from me to pry into my customers' personal affairs.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 baizhu 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Oh, and she also borrowed [[Qiqi]]... meaning Bubu Pharmacy is very short-handed right now. I don't suppose any of you are looking for part-time work, by any chance?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, we've got other stuff to do... While you're here, though, you seem to know a lot &mdash; have you ever heard of something called "Sunset Vermillionite"?
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 baizhu 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ah, the variety of Plaustrite used in the Jade Chamber, yes? There is some mention of it in the "[[Seven Mountain Treatises]]." When activated, Sunset Vermillionite rises up all the way into the clouds. It's very rare indeed.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 baizhu 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' As far as the records show, virtually all Sunset Vermillionite in existence has been mined and taken possession of. But the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]] would know far more about this than I do.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then! Let's go ask at the Feiyun Commerce Guild.
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, Baizhu!
:{{A|vo shlq001 3 baizhu 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' You're quite welcome. Good luck to you all, and if there's anything further you need from me, just come to Bubu Pharmacy.
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Baizhu again)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Why does Lady Ningguang need so much wound dressing?
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Is it really such risky business, rebuilding the Jade Chamber? This is all most peculiar...

----
;(Talk to [[Siqin]] at the building site)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 siqin 01.ogg}} '''Siqin:''' I'm under orders to ensure the security of this location. It's imperative that construction stays on schedule. Hopefully, there won't be any setbacks.

;(Talk to [[Liang (Seagaze Sunset)|Liang]] at the building site)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 bright 01.ogg}} '''Liang:''' We've been pretty active in the Millelith recently. I don't know what's going on but... I'd better be careful.

;(Talk to [[Baiwen]] at the building site)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 baiwen 01.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' This is a matter of utmost importance. I must not let Lady Ningguang down...
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 baiwen 02.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Oh? Are you here to deliver construction materials?

;(Talk to [[Changfeng]] at the building site)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 changfeng 01.ogg}} '''Changfeng:''' The rebuilding of the Jade Chamber is a monumental task, and we are the ones who have been entrusted with this work. It is only right that we put our hearts and souls into this project.

;(Talk to [[Leming]] at the building site)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 leming 01.ogg}} '''Leming:''' First, we construct the keel of the Jade Chamber. The keel is the part that holds the Plaustrite, so once that arrives, it goes straight in...

;(Talk to [[Anshun]] at the building site)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 anshun 01.ogg}} '''Anshun:''' Normally, it would be Lady [[Keqing]] supervising the construction work. But it seems like she's been a little preoccupied lately...

;(Talk to [[Lizheng]] at the building site)
:{{A|vo dialog shlq001 lizheng 01.ogg}} '''Lizheng:''' Shh... Quiet! Can't you see that I'm concentrating here? Every brick is a crucial component! If I stop concentrating, I'm gonna lay a brick out of whack, and that'll put the whole darn structure out of whack, and then... Well, shoot, and then it's all over...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Jade Chamber Rising
|zhs     = 琼台玉阁
|zhs_rm  = Qióng Tái Yù Gé
|zht     = 瓊臺玉閣
|zht_rm  = Qióng Tái Yù Gé
|zh_tl   = Stage of Jasper, Pavilion of Jade
|ja      = 瓊台玉閣
|ja_rm   = Keidai Gyokukaku
|ja_tl   = Magnificent Court, Jade Chamber
|ko      = 경대옥각
|ko_rm   = Gyeongdae'okgak
|ko_tl   = Luxurious Jade Chamber
|es      = El ascenso de la Cámara de Jade
|es_tl   = The Ascension of the Jade Chamber
|fr      = L'élévation de la Chambre de Jade
|fr_tl   = The Rise of the Jade Chamber
|ru      = Дворец небожителей
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การผงาดของ Jade Chamber
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Rise of the Jade Chamber
|vi      = Quỳnh Đài Ngọc Các
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wiederaufbau des Jadegemachs
|de_tl   = Restoration of the Jade Chamber
|id      = Kembalinya Jade Chamber
|id_tl   = Jade Chamber Return
|pt      = A Ascensão da Câmara de Jade
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Interlude Chapter}}
[[Category:Archon Interlude Chapter]]
[[pt-br:A Ascensão da Câmara de Jade]]