{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Jade Leaf.png
|set   = Echoes of an Offering
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A jade ornament shaped like a leaf. It seems to have once had deep meaning between specific friends.}}
'''Jade Leaf''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Echoes of an Offering]].

==Description==
A very long time ago, there was no ford across the river, only a misty hillside.<br />
The owner of this mountain had yet to decide what to plant here when someone preempted them.<br />
<br />
"Once this tree gets a bit larger, I'll cut its leaves down and make some tea for all of you."<br />
"When that time comes, we'll get [[Cloud Retainer]] and [[Mountain Shaper]] to come over..."<br />
<br />
"Seriously? You plant trees any way you like on my turf, and you have the nerve to spout such things?"<br />
But though the young lady who was master of this mountain complained, she too could imagine the tea's fragrance.<br />
<br />
Later, someone would quietly tie this jade pendant to the thin branches of the small tree.<br />
When more time had passed, the mountain's master returned, but in a changed aspect,<br />
And sans the finger that might untie the pendant. This was a long time ago now.<br />
<br />
Many years later, the branches of this tree would be grafted to the other side of the river by the mortals who dwelled in the mountains.<br />
The fragrance of tea would also travel from this place, [[Chenyu Vale]], to [[Liyue Harbor]], and from there to many more places still.<br />
<br />
There are many legends concerning the tea trees of Chenyu Vale. One of them goes like this:<br />
No matter the waters, soil, or sunlight, this sort of tree only grows lushly in Chenyu Vale.<br />
This is because it remembers the promise that old friends made in the ancient past beside the tea sapling.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Jade Leaf
|zhs     = 垂玉之叶
|zhs_rm  = Chuíyù zhī Yè
|zht     = 垂玉之葉
|zht_rm  = Chuíyù zhī Yè
|zh_tl   = Leaf of Hanging Jade
|ja      = 垂玉の葉
|ja_rm   = Suigyoku<!--Tarutama?--> no Ha{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Drooping Jewel Leaf
|ko      = {{tt|옥|玉}}의 잎
|ko_rm   = Ogui Ip
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Hoja de Jade
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Feuille de jade
|fr_tl   = Jade Leaf
|ru      = Нефритовый листок
|ru_tl   = Jade Leaf
|th      = Jade Leaf
|vi      = Lá {{tt|Bích Ngọc|璧玉}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blatt der Jade
|de_tl   = Leaf of Jade
|id      = Jade Leaf
|pt      = Folha de Jade
|pt_tl   = Jade Leaf
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Echoes of an Offering}}
[[th:Jade Leaf]]