{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73661
|image         = Jahan Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|characters    = Traveler; Jahan
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Sumeru
}}
'''''Jahan's Sugar''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Give five jars of [[Sugar]] to [[Jahan]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
Now I don't really have many hobbies, but one I do &mdash; which is to eat candy.<br>
I've had this habit since I was a kid, and quite a few of my teeth have rotted... But I can't kick it for the life of me.<br>
I mean, you know, if you're gonna live, you might as well live it up, right?<br>
You've gotta have some sweetness in every meal for life to stay interesting!<br>
If you've got the time, could you give me {{Color|buzzword|5 jars of Sugar}}?

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Jahan from Sumeru City needs five jars of Sugar.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jahan:''' A combination of abundant sunshine, plenty of rain, and the Anahitian Blessing will guarantee a good harvest.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About the Sugar...
::'''Jahan:''' Oh, you are here to deliver the Sugar, right?
::'''Jahan:''' Did you get five jars of Sugar?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Here is the sugar you wanted.
:::'''Jahan:''' Haha, more meals with sugar!
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Jahan:''' You can never get enough sugar. Who doesn't love the sweet taste?
:::'''Jahan:''' But don't eat too much like me. I cannot be held responsible for your tooth decay.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Jahan's Sugar
|zhs     = 贾汉的调味料需求
|zhs_rm  = Jiǎhàn de Tiáowèi-liào Xūqiú
|zht     = 賈漢的調味料需求
|zht_rm  = Jiǎhàn de Tiáowèi-liào Xūqiú
|ja      = ジャハンの調味料のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Jahan no Choumiryou no Rikuesuto
|ko      = 자한의 조미료 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Jahan-ui Jomiryo Uiroe
|es      = Condimentos para Yahan
|fr      = Du sucre pour Jahan
|ru      = Сахар для Джахана
|th      = การสรรหาเครื่องปรุงรสของ Jahan
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Gia Vị Của Jahan
|de      = Jahans Bitte um Zucker
|id      = Permintaan Sugar dari Jahan
|pt      = Condimentos para Jahan
|tr      = Jahan'ın Şekeri
|it      = Zucchero per Jahan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Condimentos para Yahan]]
[[ja:ジャハンの調味料のリクエスト]]