{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Open-World NPC
|group            = Pari
|image            = NPC Jarjar.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Jarjar''' is an open-world [[NPC]] located in [[Tunigi Hollow]], [[Sumeru]]. She is member of the [[Pari]] that sets up challenge courses in the {{Quest|Lightcall Resonance}}. After the quest, she can be found next to [[Gavireh Lajavard]]'s [[Statue of The Seven]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jarjar:''' Ah la la, ah la la~ Harder, farther, with more interesting designs. This will surely impress Lady Sorush~
:{{DIcon}} About Lightcall Resonance...
::'''Jarjar:''' Hm? Sorush's Yasnapati? You came!
::'''Jarjar:''' I'm still trying to come up with how to make a more interesting race track. Don't be too impatient now.
::'''Jarjar''' There will be opportunities for you and Lady Sorush to truly enjoy yourselves!
:{{DIcon}} About Sorush...
::'''Jarjar:''' Since Lady Sorush mentioned it, remember to come try out the new Lightcall Resonance challenge when you get the chance...
::'''Jarjar:''' So, I need to plan future challenges just perfectly to achieve the desired effect.
::'''Jarjar:''' I can't let Lady Sorush feel too bored, but I also can't make them too troublesome either!
:{{DIcon}} I'll let you be busy!
::'''Jarjar:''' Not busy at all! If you want to chat, come find me any time.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jarjar:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* Jarjar's name is likely a reference to the {{w|Star Wars}} character Jar Jar Binks.
** While ''Jarjar'' does exist as a word in both Arabic and Persian, the meaning is not relevant to the character.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Jarjar
|zhs     = 贾尔贾
|zhs_rm  = Jiǎ'ěrjiǎ
|zht     = 賈爾賈
|zht_rm  = Jiǎ'ěrjiǎ
|ja      = ジャルジャー
|ja_rm   = Jarujaa
|ko      = 자자
|es      = Jarjar
|fr      = Jarjar
|ru      = Джарджар
|th      = Jarjar
|vi      = Jarjar
|de      = Jarjar
|id      = Jarjar
|pt      = Jarjar
|tr      = Jarjar
|it      = Jarjar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Jarjar]]