{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Jean
|id             = 368104
|image          = Character Jean Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Jean''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* "Mondstadt..."
* "Citizens' requests..."
* "Today's work..."
* "I will read for a while..."
* "Knights of Favonius..."

When the player is nearby:
* "Let the wind lead."
* "I wish you well."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo qin mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Let the wind lead, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It is very comfortable here.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The air is fresh and the environment is restful.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It is also very quiet. I think I will be able to concentrate and get a lot of work done here.
::{{DIcon}} Why are you still working...
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Hmm? Is that not alright?
:::{{DIcon}} You should try to enjoy yourself here.
::{{DIcon}} You should try to enjoy this place.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Thank you...
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I'll be sure to keep your suggestion firmly in mind.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Of course, it's always a pleasure to be in your company.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Is there a particular topic that you wish to discuss?
::{{DIcon}} Anything, except work...
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I apologize... Evidently, I talk about work so much that it gets quite exasperating for the people around me.
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I will think on this.
:::{{DIcon}} Jean, no need to take it so seriously...
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I&mdash;I am sorry...
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03a 4.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I understand. You mean to say that we should be more informal in the way we interact with each other.
:::{{DIcon}} If that works for you, it works for me.
::{{DIcon}} I've heard that you sing quite well?
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...Only a few simple songs.
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It's really nothing to brag about.
:::{{DIcon}} I want to hear you sing.
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Ah, um... But I'm completely unprepared...
:::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 03b 4.ogg}} '''Jean:''' At the very least, let me practice first.
:::{{DIcon}} If that works for you, it works for me.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' O&mdash;Okay, I...
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I will do my best...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Perhaps you could join me for a walk?
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I have taken what you said recently to heart and tried to make a few adjustments in my life.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Of course, I still push myself to complete my work when performing my official duties.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' But when I'm with you, I'm now able to unwind.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like you're making great progress.
::{{DIcon}} I'm happy to hear that.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This is all thanks to you...
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This whole time, you have been a great companion to me. You are always so considerate of my circumstances.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It would be shameful if I didn't at least recognize this much.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' So, thank you. Truly.
::{{DIcon}} You look beautiful when you smile.
::{{DIcon}} I should thank you, too.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Jean:''' We... should walk while we talk.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I still have so much I want to say to you.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Jean.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Good morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I wish you a successful journey.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' If there is anything I can assist with, please do not hesitate to ask.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Jean.
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Good night. Try not to stay up too late...
::{{A|vo qin mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...as you often remind me yourself.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Amidst Poetic Pondering===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md qin study 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I never thought that such a perfect study could exist outside the Knights of Favonius headquarters.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md qin study 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I would certainly feel at ease here, whether it be while reading or working.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md qin study 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Thank you, Honorary Knight. I am very satisfied.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Bird and Blossom Park===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md qin park 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Whenever I go for a stroll around Mondstadt and see the citizens happy and free, I feel deeply inspired.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md qin park 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The Knights perform our duty precisely so that the city's residents may live in peace.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md qin park 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The atmosphere in this park is excellent. Thank you...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Джинн/Компаньон]]