{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Jebrael.png
|realname         = Jebrael Hindi
|deceased         = Died in ''[[Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand]]''
|region           = Sumeru
|element          = Electro
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|affiliation2     = Tanit
|affiliationNote2 = Formerly
|affiliation3     = Thutmose
|affiliationNote3 = Formerly
|title            = Treacherous Grit
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Ufairah
|sibling          = 
|child            = Jeht
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Jebrael Hindi''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the [[Golden Slumber]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Profile==
Jebrael was a member of the Eremites who used to live in the desert. He was originally part of the [[Tanit]] tribe.

Both Jebrael and Samail were part of an expedition team sent by [[Babel]] to explore the ruins of [[Gurabad]].<ref name="log">Interactable: [[Pathfinders' Log]]</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Eternal Dream, Ever Lush}}</ref> Babel's true plan included eliminating adherents of [[King Deshret]],<ref>Interactable: [[Tanit Emblem-Marked Records]]</ref>, so she also sent a mole within the expedition team, Tarafa, to assassinate the entire team. Jebrael faked his own death and struck down Tarafa before he could target Samail, thus only Samail and Jebrael were the only survivors. Those two left the Tanit tribes afterward, which irritated Babel, and she considered Jebrael a traitor.<ref name="log"/><ref>{{Ref/Quest|For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...}}</ref>

He and Samail eventually joined, or founded, a group of Eremites known as [[Thutmose]]. Thutmose was interested in the legends of secrets of Al-Ahmar, hiring researchers to help out. One of these was [[Ufairah]], who he ended up in relationship with and had a daughter, [[Jeht]]. Upon having a child, Jebrael began to have second thoughts about continuing his work and attempted to flee the desert with her, but Samail saw through the plan and killed Ufairah. Jebrael was still able to escape with Jeht and they left the desert. Jebrail was known by its remaining members as the "Treacherous Grit."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Secret of Al-Ahmar}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand}}</ref>
<!--At some point, Jebrael and Samail ran into a group of archaeologists from the Akademiya who were investigating the ruins. Samail wanted to kill them, but Jebrael overruled his decision and allowed them to leave. (No ref, temporarily blackened)-->

Jebrael and Samail would not meet again until the events of the [[Golden Slumber]] quest series. During their investigation across the ruins, Jebrael ran into Samail, who had begun collaborating with the Fatui to find Al-Ahmar. After finding [[Eye of the Sands|Khaj-Nisut]], the group discovered [[King Deshret]]'s throne when Samail and his lackeys arrived. Jebrael managed to trick Samail into sitting in the throne and reciting a prayer to send him to the Golden Slumber, but underestimated his will, as Samail proceeded to wrestle complete control over the Golden Slumber and attempted to drag them with him, sealing off the exit as they tried to flee. With no other choice, Jebrael willingly went inside himself to confront Samail to allow the others to escape, sacrificing his life in the process.

===Personality===
Despite being a man of few words, Jebrael has his own reasons for doing so, mostly due to guilt over losing his wife. He is very protective of Jeht, willing to do anything for her safety.

===Appearance ===
Jebrael takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Daythunder]], although his hair is royal blue rather than blonde, as well as having a beard and scars on his body.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
== Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Jebrael
|zhs     = 哲伯莱勒
|zhs_rm  = Zhébóláilè
|zht     = 哲伯萊勒
|zht_rm  = Zhébóláilè
|ja      = ジェブライラ
|ja_rm   = Jeburaira
|ko      = 제브라엘
|ko_rm   = Jebeurael
|es      = Yebrael
|fr      = Jebrael
|ru      = Джебраил
|th      = Jebrael
|vi      = Jebrael
|de      = Jebrael
|id      = Jebrael
|pt      = Jebrael
|tr      = Jebrael
|it      = Jebrael
}}

== Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}