{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Jeht.png
|realname         = Jeht Ufairah Hindi
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|affiliation2     = Tanit
|affiliationNote2 = Formerly
|element          = Hydro
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Jebrael
|mother           = Ufairah
}}
'''Jeht Ufairah Hindi''', formerly '''Jeht Tanit''',<ref>Interactable, [[Tanit Camps]]: ''Jeht's Note''</ref> is a quest-exclusive NPC that first appears in the [[Golden Slumber]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Profile==
Jeht is the daughter of [[Jebrael]] and [[Ufairah]]. She was hired along with her father by [[Tirzad]] to investigate some ruins in the desert, although they fell into a sinkhole and were only found by the [[Traveler]] after [[Bonifaz]] was worried about their status. She quickly befriended the Traveler, and while trying to find a way out, she discovered an unusual [[Primal Construct]] and befriended it, giving it the name [[Benben]].

Following Jebrael's sacrifice at Khaj-Nisut, Jeht was left with her father's axe. After going through some of his keepsakes, she discovered that he belonged to a tribe known as the [[Tanit]] and decided to go on a trip to find them. She eventually found the tribe and was accepted in as a "half-outsider", as Jebrael had left the tribe when he realized that Babel tried to eliminate him, though he did not tell her about it before his untimely demise. She quickly proved her worth to the tribe's matriarch, [[Babel]], tasked with eliminating traitors, some of which included other Tanit elders that she had been on good terms with before she met the Traveler again.

Jeht explained that she wanted to find the Eternal Oasis so she could put her parents' keepsakes there to put them to rest. Babel had [[Azariq]] assist them in the task, where they discovered an ancient [[Jinni]] known as [[Liloupar]]. Liloupar's initial personality angered Jeht, but she eventually came to terms with the Jinni over the course of the trip. When Azariq revealed himself to be colluding with the [[Fatui]], Jeht was forced to kill him as he had betrayed the tribe. They eventually discovered the Eternal Oasis, where she put the keepsakes there before returning to the tribe and informing them of the news. Soon after, she had the Traveler assist her in restoring Benben, as [[Aderfi]] was supposed to but fled following his collusion with the Fatui.

When Babel ordered Jeht to kill the Traveler as part of her plot to seize [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza]], Jeht refused to kill her friend. For her disloyalty, Babel offered Jeht to [[Froderock Fronkonsteen]] for his experiments, then told her that the Traveler had betrayed them to the Fatui. When Jeht arrived to investigate, she was ambushed by the Fatui, killing a great number of them before she was captured. The Traveler, who was likewise investigating Babel's claim that Jeht had betrayed the tribe, discovered that the Fatui had captured her and found her in a Fatui base, where she had broken free and was killing all the Fatui in her path. 

After making their way to her, she attacked them in response, as she believed that they had betrayed the tribe. She was promptly defeated by them and calmed down before they told her the truth, which enraged her. She and the Traveler were then promptly met by [[Rezki]] and [[Nayram]], who she recognized as Falcons sent to eliminate them. After dealing with these assassins, they left to confront Babel. During the confrontation, Babel tried to win Jeht over one last time, though this was later revealed to be a ruse in itself to get Jeht to lower her guard. Jeht ultimately stood by the Traveler's side and proceeded to remind Babel of the tribe elders Jeht had killed on Babel's behalf. The Traveler and Jeht then faced one last confrontation against Babel and her tribespeople. Before her death, Babel told her that she had sent scouts to inform the other tribes of her "treachery," so that all of the Eremites would see her as dangerous and untrustworthy.

With her vengeance sated, Jeht decided to embark on her own journey; while she wanted to accompany the Traveler, she could sense that their journey was not over and tearfully parted ways with them.

===Personality===
Compared to her father Jebrael, Jeht is more outgoing and friendly with others, although she constantly wonders about her past due to her father not talking much about it. Following her father's untimely demise, Jeht began to mature faster. Following her acceptance into the Tanit, Jeht began to show signs that made her easily agitated, as shown when she met Liloupar. When handling traitors, Jeht explodes into a violent frenzy, not stopping until the task is done. Upon recalling past murders of the Tanit elders on behalf of Babel, Jeht is also shown to be ruthless, perhaps irrationally so, as she was willing to brutally murder Tanit elders all for the sake of Babel, some of which she recalled having been on good terms with her. 

It is also implied that Jeht has feelings for the female Traveler, as while she also considers them a friend, she also puts more emphasis on this as someone important and cherished to her.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...}}</ref> 

===Appearance===
Jeht takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Desert Clearwater]], although her hair is royal blue rather than brown. She also has scars on her body.

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing [[Rejoice With Me, for What Was Lost Is Now Found]] and before completing [[Apocalypse Lost]]){{Verify}}
:'''Jeht:''' On, it's you, [Traveler]. What's going on? Is something wrong?
:{{DIcon}} About the Eternal Oasis...
::'''Jeht:''' It's all thanks to you that we managed to get to the Eternal Oasis. Without your help, we would have never been able to open the path.
::'''Jeht:''' I don't even know how to thank you... Next time we start a bonfire, we should talk about this by the flames. It'll be just like...
::'''Jeht:''' Just like that time with Azariq... Ah...
::'''Jeht:''' ... That traitorous dog...
::{{DIcon}} I'm sorry...
::'''Jeht:''' You've got nothing to be sorry about... I wasn't mad at you.
::'''Jeht:''' Honestly, the Matriarch had already warned me to keep my guard up before we left. I might be careless — well, just a bit. But I'm not stupid.
::'''Jeht:''' The schematics of that ancient machine... Not sharing that with the tribe was a crime. The moment I realized that, I started suspecting him.
::'''Jeht:''' What I didn't expect, though, was his willingness to keep pursuing his schemes even after all the time we spent around each other... He really thought he could manipulate me...
::'''Jeht:''' I feel disgusted just thinking about it...
::'''Jeht:''' Thankfully, Matriarch Babel has always been on my side. I believe that she can help the tribe find prosperity again.
::'''Jeht:''' She will. Absolutely.
::'''Jeht:''' And you! You've always been in my corner as well!
::{{DIcon}} Yeah. I'm a Jeht-person too, you know!
:::'''Jeht:''' Jeht-person? That sounds so... weird. Like a nickname Paimon might give.
:::'''Jeht:''' But seriously, thanks, [Traveler]... Really.
::{{DIcon}} What if I come into conflict with the matriarch?
:::'''Jeht:''' ...
:::'''Jeht:''' Ha! You're kidding. You're the Tanit's esteemed guest, the one who brought the Mother of the Jinn back and found the path to the Eternal Oasis...
:::'''Jeht:''' I can't think of any reason why you and the matriarch might come into conflict.
:{{DIcon}} About Benben...
::'''Jeht:''' We're lucky you took that stuff from those northerners. Benben is recovering and looking better already.
::'''Jeht:''' Almost as good as when we first met it...
:{{DIcon}} I suppose it's nothing...
::'''Jeht:''' Yeah, so... If you ever need my help, just let me know.

===Dialogue Set #2===
;(After completing [[Apocalypse Lost]]){{Verify}}
:'''Jeht:''' Oh, it's you. Back from Gurabad, eh? 
:'''Jeht:''' Ah, yes. Is there something you need? Things have been quite busy back here with the Tanit...
:{{DIcon}} About Liloupar...
::'''Jeht:''' Yes, I heard. She left and went back to that cursed place.
::'''Jeht:''' Hmph. She was peacocking around the whole time, driving me up the wall... and now she's finally silent. What a relief.
::'''Jeht:''' Still, she did help us a great deal... Come to think of it, what do you think she'll find there? And if there's nothing to be found... I wonder if she'll feel lonely... Like how we felt lonely?
::'''Jeht:''' It's a shame that I couldn't go with you...
:{{DIcon}} Any problems with the Tanit?
::'''Jeht:''' Agh, it's nothing major. Can't talk about it right now, though...
::'''Jeht:''' It's about something within the tribe, and maybe those northerners too. I don't know the details either, to be honest.
::'''Jeht:''' However... Ah...
::'''Jeht:''' However...!
::'''Jeht:''' Agh. Sorry. The reason I'm acting like this... What I mean to say is... If I...
::'''Jeht:''' No! I-If you meet with danger, then believe me when I say that I'll always be there to help you.
::'''Jeht:''' And if I'm the one in trouble... I believe you'll come for me too, won't you?
::{{DIcon}} Of course.
:::'''Jeht:''' Alright... Thanks. You should... keep an eye out for enemies, okay? 
::{{DIcon}} Of course, but don't forget to pay once I'm done.
:::'''Jeht:''' Hmph... Don't dodge the question with that mercenary talk. 
:::'''Jeht:''' Just... be careful. 
:{{DIcon}} About Benben...
::'''Jeht:''' We're lucky you took that stuff from those northerners. Benben is recovering and looking better already.
::'''Jeht:''' Almost as good as when we first met it...
:{{DIcon}} Then, when you have the time...
::'''Jeht:''' Yeah, we'll talk more when I have more time...
::'''Jeht:''' Oh, right! Right...
::'''Jeht:''' It's nothing... If you run into any trouble, any danger at all, I'll be right at your side. So... Be careful. 

===Dialogue Set #3===
;(After [unknown], before progressing in [[Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...]]){{Verify}}
:'''Jeht:''' (Traveler)! How have you been?
:'''Jeht:''' Thanks for adventuring with me. I... about my parents... thanks.
:{{DIcon}} There's no need.
:'''Jeht:''' Yeah, if Babel didn't have me doing commissions for other assignments, I would be exploring the desert right alongside you.
:'''Jeht:''' I still know plenty of cool places! When I find the time, I'll show them to you!
:'''Jeht:''' It's just... now's not the time. The cursed traitors are colluding with the northerners, eyeing our territory. I've got to keep on their movements.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Jeht
|zhs     = 婕德
|zhs_rm  = Jiédé
|zht     = 婕德
|zht_rm  = Jiédé
|ja      = ジェイド
|ja_rm   = Jeido
|ko      = 제트
|ko_rm   = Jeteu
|es      = Yeht
|fr      = Jeht
|ru      = Джехт
|th      = Jeht
|vi      = Jeht
|de      = Jeht
|id      = Jeht
|pt      = Jeht
|tr      = Jeht
|it      = Jeht
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[fr:Jeht]]