{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|name             = Jemma
|image            = NPC Jemma.png
|realname         = 
|deceased         = 
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|affiliation2     = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = <!-- Cesar was betrothed, but not married, to her -->
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm7599270|Jessica Osborne]]<ref name="Jessica Osborne">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/littlecuppajo/status/1692349029911540107 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230818122935/https://twitter.com/littlecuppajo/status/1692349029911540107 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Jemma''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in {{Quest|The Forgotten Thief}} as one of its main antagonists.

==Profile==
In her youth, Jemma's parents died from unknown causes, resulting in her living alone. During this time, she encountered numerous hardships involving betrayal, abuse and scorn. Despite this, she managed to cling on to some form of happiness from gathering waste until she had yet another betrayal, even worse than before that caused her to believe that the world was too good for her. As a result, she began to loathe happiness, deciding that she would take away others' happiness to fill the void in her life. This resulted in her becoming a well-known thief in Fontaine as the '''Phantom Weasel''', stealing from the poor and rich alike. However, these thefts resulted in everyone hunting her down, causing her to frequently look behind her to preserve herself.

One day, she eventually met [[Cesar]] and chose to frame him for her crimes. She got engaged to him in order to do so and upon noticing that his apprentice, [[Lorenzo]], secretly hated Cesar, decided that rather than personally getting involved, she would use him to carry out Cesar's murder. She also met Lyney and [[Lynette]] during this time, finding them suspicious as she believed their eyes were too "piercing".

Plotting with Lorenzo (who appeared to have some feelings towards her), the two managed to kill Cesar when he attempted a high-drop trick, sabotaging the box that he was going to use to escape in. They then put false evidence on his belongings, causing people to believe him to be the Phantom Weasel, tarnishing his legacy. Jemma then put up the act of a grieving widow by visiting Cesar's grave every week and cleaning it, leading people to believe that she alone remains faithful to a perceived pariah. Ten years after his death, Lyney and Lynette, now grown up, would come to suspect that Cesar had been framed, as they believed he was not the Phantom Weasel. To do this, Lyney put a poster on the [[Opera Epiclese]] declaring the Phantom Weasel's return in order to draw out the true thief. Jemma tried to have Lorenzo and his lackeys scare them off to no avail, and he was eventually arrested for Cesar's murder, though the twins came to realize that Lorenzo was not the Phantom Weasel, but Jemma instead.

Upon finishing the first half of his performance, the twins confronted Jemma over her identity as the Phantom Weasel, which she indirectly confirmed. She was confused as to why they were targeting her, since Lorenzo had confessed to the crimes and that they had nothing to gain. Lyney was able to deduce that Jemma reciprocated Lorenzo's feelings and that by allowing him to sacrifice his freedom for her sake, she had lost her only true meaning in the world. Jemma tried to tell Lyney that he would end up like her in the future, having known he had lied to Cesar, but Lyney told her that he was nothing like her before leaving. After Lyney successfully performed Cesar's high-drop trick, Jemma contemplated her choices and confessed to the [[Gardes]] the next day, wanting to see Lorenzo one last time.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Jemma
|zhs     = 嘉玛
|zhs_rm  = Jiāmǎ
|zht     = 嘉瑪
|zht_rm  = Jiāmǎ
|ja      = ジェマ
|ja_rm   = Jema
|ko      = 젬마
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Jemma
|fr      = Jemma
|ru      = Джемма
|th      = Jemma
|vi      = Jemma
|de      = Jemma
|id      = Jemma
|pt      = Jemma
|tr      = Jemma
|it      = Jemma
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}