<!--
{{Meta
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
-->
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Jenck.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = The Steambird
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
}}
'''Jenck''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Questioning Melusine and Answering Machine}}.

==Profile==
Jenck is a "low-level" editor for [[The Steambird]]. He eventually learned of the truth behind [[Mosso Lombroso]]'s legacy and how The Steambird had lied to the masses; enraged at the thought, he decided to get revenge. To this end, he collaborated with the [[Fatui]]. He made contact with [[Baulande]]'s supervisor (who also reported to a [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Lord Harbinger]]); in return for finding Mosso's inheritance, they would help him take over paper and the spot of Editor-in-Chief from [[Euphrasie]]. After an unknown party stole [[Sir Arthur]], the [[Melusine]] [[Talochard]] tried to investigate, though her attitude did not help. The [[Traveler]] then arrives and offers to assist in the matter alongside [["Curve"]], who Talochard had brought out of storage.

During the investigation, the four were led to believe that a small group known as the Elegant Tableware Confreie stole Sir Arthur. After beating them up, the boss betrays [["Intrepid Valberry"]] for seemingly going against orders; however, he states they sent him to the paper for revenge after they got the [[Marechaussee Phantom]] involved in their operations, resulting in 39 of their directors being apprehended. He then heads to the [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]] to get a picklock, but discovers a member of the [[Fatui]] also there for the same reason. They soon manage to find the person, Baulande, who admits that when he had leaked info to Jenck regarding the criminals. This made him popular, but Baulard became enraged when Jenck refuses to compensate him; thus, he also went to get revenge, but discovers Sir Arthur missing when he arrives.

They eventually catch up to Baulande, who reveals that he was assigned by a [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Harbinger]] (implied to be [[Sandrone]])<ref group="Note">Of the two Harbingers known for their interest in machines, the one behind Jenck severely punishes him for causing Curve's destruction and leaves an apology for Talochard, Paimon, and Traveler. This response does not align with [[The Doctor]]'s characterization, which leaves Sandrone as the likely identity of the mystery Harbinger.</ref> to complete his mission. They eventually convince Baulande to abandon it and discover Mosso's old facility, defeating the Fatui along the way. Jenck reveals himself at the end as the culprit and his motives before he makes his escape while initiating the facility's self-destruct sequence and trapping them inside; as the only one able to do so, Curve sacrifices itself to save the others. Jenck then seemingly disappears despite Talochard's attempts to find him over several days and bring him to justice. Eventually, Euphrasie contacts the three, where she reveals that Jenck was dumped inside the [[Opera Epiclese]] with his mind broken, tongue cut out and 'replaced' with a brief apology note in his mouth addressed to the Traveler, Paimon, and Talochard, which she assumes was either the result of Baulande's supervisor not wanting to make an enemy out of them or their implied disapproval of Curve's destruction. He was promptly taken into custody by the [[Maison Gardiennage]].

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Jenck
|zhs     = 让克
|zhs_rm  = Ràngkè
|zht     = 讓克
|zht_rm  = Ràngkè
|ja      = ユンカー
|ja_rm   = Yunkaa
|ko      = 젱크
|es      = Jenck
|fr      = Jenck
|ru      = Йенк
|th      = Jenck
|vi      = Jenck
|de      = Jenck
|id      = Jenck
|pt      = Juncker
|tr      = Jenck
|it      = Jenck
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}