{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Jialiang.png
|region           = Liyue
|location         = 
|affiliation      = 
|spouse           = Jiangli
|child            = Ayu
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm10853569|Blythe Melin]]<ref name="Blythe Melin">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/AveriusVO/status/1653534144679514114 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230724162559/https://twitter.com/AveriusVO/status/1653534144679514114 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Jialiang'''|zh=嘉良|zh_rm=Jiāliáng}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|The Heart of Healing}}.

==Profile==
<!--detailed story/lore information goes here-->
Jialiang is the husband of [[Jiangli]] and father of [[Ayu]]. In his life, he suffered from a rare and fatal heart condition which Jiangli treated with the godly remains of [[Chi]]. While this helped stabilize his condition, the prolonged exposure to god remains caused Jialiang to become gravely ill over the years, causing him to suffer various symptoms such as short-term amnesia. Eventually, Jiangli herself became afflicted by the god remains and did not return for several days, leading Ayu to bring his father to [[Liyue Harbor]] so [[Baizhu]] could treat him.

While investigating Jialiang's health, Baizhu eventually discovered that Jiangli had used god remains to stabilize her husband's health. Jiangli offered to go with them to locate his wife. He led them to a [[Entanglement of Past Dreams|cave system]] where they discovered an unconscious Jiangli and a [[geovishap]] near by. After killing the vishap, Baizhu revealed that if they destroyed the remains, Jialiang would also die as its powers would dissipate. Jialiang agreed to the terms, knowing that he should've died long ago and that if she continued to treat him, he could become a liability for both himself and his family. As Baizhu destroyed the remains, Jiangli fell unconscious, but content with his outcome.

To his surprise, Jialiang instead woke up at Bubu Pharmacy, where he found himself covered in talismans and was informed by Baizhu that he had treated him with an Elixir of Immortality, turning him into a [[zombie]]. Though Baizhu told him that he did not know how long the elixir would last, he told him that it would be enough to say his goodbyes and leave without regrets. [[Qiqi]] gave him a few pointers on how to live as a zombie before they shared a feast. Shortly afterwards, the family left for [[Natlan]], with Ayu believing that the local [["People of the Springs"|hot springs]] and flora could assist in curing Jialiang.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en        = Jialiang
|zhs       = 嘉良
|zhs_rm    = Jiāliáng
|zht       = 嘉良
|zht_rm    = Jiāliáng
|ja        = 嘉良
|ja_rm     = Karyou
|ko        = //가양//
|es        = Jialiang
|fr        = Jialiang
|ru        = Цзя Лян
|th        = Jialiang
|vi        = Jialiang
|de        = Jialiang
|id        = Jialiang
|pt        = Jialiang
|tr        = Jialiang
|it        = Jialiang
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Jialiang]]