{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Jiangli.png
|region           = Liyue
|location         = 
|affiliation      = 
|spouse           = Jialiang
|child            = Ayu
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm7430885|Sam Slade]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/SamSladeVO/status/1653545869361258496 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230724155356/https://twitter.com/SamSladeVO/status/1653545869361258496 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Jiangli'''|zh=江蓠|zh_rm=Jiānglí}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|The Formula for a Miracle}}.

==Profile==
<!--detailed story/lore information goes here-->
Jiangli is the spouse of [[Jialiang]] and [[Ayu]]'s mother. She was trained in the art of medicine by [[Baizhu's Master]]. Jialiang was afflicted with a rare congenital heart disease that could not be cured through normal methods. When he wished to use Changsheng's art to heal him, she refused, seeing Changsheng's life force manipulation as evil and unnatural. Her view shook her master to reconsider his views before he died shortly afterwards.<ref name="formula">{{Ref/Quest|The Formula for a Miracle}}</ref>

In order to help cure her husband, Jiangli found [[Chi]]'s remains in [[Qingce Village]] and set up a home outside the village areas, where she would frequently enter a [[Entanglement of Past Dreams|cave system]], discovering a large chunk of godly remains and used it to stabilize her husband's condition. As she was not skilled in combat, she had the system filled with a monster-repelling incense to ensure she would not be attacked during her trips. This came at a great cost to both, as Jialiang became gravely ill over the years, while Jiangli's repeated exposure to god remains also sickened her. Eventually, during one trip, exposure to the remains caused her to fall unconscious, and without treatment, Jialiang began suffering from his condition. This prompted Ayu to bring his father to [[Liyue Harbor]] and seek help in curing his father and finding his mother.

A visit to [[Bubu Pharmacy]] eventually resulted in Baizhu being involved, and a thorough investigation resulted in them discovering the cave system. When they arrived at the heart of the system, they found an unconscious Jiangli with an aggressive [[Geovishap]] nearby, killing it. Baizhu then destroyed the god remains. The act resulted in Jialiang dying, but Baizhu had him revived as a zombie so he could say his farewells and leave without regrets. Jiangli then spoke with him, realizing that she was unintentionally following their master's footsteps by using other lives at a great cost. Aware of the contract with Changsheng, she told him that everyone would miss him if he died.

After a short feast, Jiangli and her family went to [[Natlan]], believing that she could find herbs there to help her husband's condition.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* Jiangli's name refers to a few types of red algae in the ''{{w|Gracilaria}}'' genus which are used in {{w|traditional Chinese medicine}} and are said to have {{w|Traditional Chinese medicine#Eight principles of diagnosis|heat}}-clearing, {{w|mucoactive agent|mucoactive}}, and {{w|diuretic}} properties.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Jiangli
|zhs     = 江蓠
|zhs_rm  = Jiānglí
|zht     = 江蘺
|zht_rm  = Jiānglí
|ja      = 江{{sic|蓠}}
|ja_rm   = Kouri<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Search for a Physician|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko      = //{{tt|강리|江蘺}}//
|es      = Jiangli
|fr      = Jiangli
|ru      = Цзян Ли
|th      = Jiangli
|vi      = Jiangli
|de      = Jiangli
|id      = Jiangli
|pt      = Jiangli
|tr      = Jiangli
|it      = Jiangli
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Jiangli]]