{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Factions
|type2 = Sumeru Culture
|type3 = Species
}}
The '''Jinn''' (singular: '''Jinni''') are a mystical race of elemental spirits with a deep-rooted history, said to be able to recount tales of the "dismal moon and the driving morning star." In [[Sumeru]] legend, [[King Deshret]] captured countless Jinn in magic bottles both out of curiosity and as an act of protection for them.<ref name="Shepherd">{{Ref/Item|The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle}}</ref> Besides bottles, Jinn are also stated to indwell items such as weapons.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Xiphos' Moonlight}}</ref>

==Overview==
{{Quote|I'm a creation of the sky, yet also a creature of this world. I'm an exile of the ages, a faithful servant to my great lord. I'm an elemental spirit who will not bow to flesh and blood, an eternal prisoner content with the illusion of comfort...|The Jinni in [[The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle]]}}
Jinn are elemental spirits and have translucent bodies; while the female jinn described in legends are implied to have human-like features, the jinni in [[Dori]]'s lamp has a distinctly non-human appearance and instead appears as a spherical creature with a grinning face.

Jinn are believed to be capable of possessing a human's body, which one Jinni uses as a threat against the human boy she dubs "Raven."<ref name="Shepherd" /> Normally, however, they reside in items such as magic lamps or weapons.

==History==
The exact origin of the Jinn is unclear. In some legends, it is said that they lamented the story of the "dismal moon and the driving morning story,"<ref name="Shepherd" /> which indicates that their history dates back to at least the era of the moon sisters [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon]], who predate the [[Archon War]] era and were alive when [[Morax]] &mdash; who is over 6,000 years old &mdash; was still young.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Moonlit Bamboo Forest|3}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Solar Relic}}</ref> In ''The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle'' the Jinni in the magic bottle calls herself a "descendant of Liloufar," although Liloufar herself is called a "fairy" by the same Jinni in ''[[The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin]]''.

In accounts that involve the [[Goddess of Flowers]], the Goddess of Flowers was in an amicable relationship with the Jinn and, together with King Deshret, built the city of [[Ay-Khanoum]], a name which means "City of the Moon Maiden" in the Jinn's ancient language.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Oasis Garden's Mourning}}</ref> In stories that do not include the Goddess of Flowers, it is instead believed that King Deshret learned about the Jinn's story after capturing them and, afterwards, built Ay-Khanoum as a gift to the Jinn; in return, they built the entrance to the [[Mausoleum of King Deshret]].<ref name="Shepherd" />

The Jinn allegedly became willing servants of King Deshret in his endeavor to rule over the world, entering the silver magic bottles he created for them and becoming marked by his seal. Afterwards, they engaged in acts of creation and exploration on his behalf.<ref name="Shepherd" /> According to Liloufar, King Deshret had deceived the Jinn to gain their servitude, telling them that the Goddess of Flowers had not perished but was instead locked in a deep slumber in [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza]], and that he could awaken her with the Jinn's aid. 

==Known Jinni==
Currently, most Jinni have been left unnamed.

* [[Liloufar]] (fairy, ancestor of the Jinni and a Jinni herself)<ref name="Shepherd" /><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Defender of the Enchanting Dream}}</ref>
** [[Shirin of Gurabad|Shirin]] (half-human, daughter of Liloufar)<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin|2}}</ref>
* [[Ferigees]], sister of Liloupar, in [[Eternal Oasis]] locking mechanism<ref>[[Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III]]</ref>
* The Jinni in ''[[The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle]]'' and ''[[The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin]]'' (may be fictitious)
* [[Makhaira]]'s mother<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Makhaira Aquamarine}}</ref>
* The Jinni in [[Xiphos' Moonlight]]
* The Jinni in [[Dori]]'s lamp

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{lang|{{w|Jinn}}|ar=جن}}, commonly anglicized as "genie" in English writing, are invisible creatures in Arabic religious systems that are not inherently good or evil. However, if hurt, they will take revenge on the person who wronged them or possess their body.
** The belief that jinni can be placed inside magical items was popularized by the story ''{{w|One Thousand and One Nights}}'', specifically in the tale of {{w|The Fisherman and the Jinni}}.
** The concept of King Deshret marking the Jinn with his seal is likely derived from the real-life legends surrounding the {{w|Seal of Solomon}}, which involves a ring engraved with said seal which allows its wearer to control jinni, given by God to the Israelite king {{w|Solomon}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Jinni<!--pl: Jinn-->
|zhs     = 镇灵
|zhs_rm  = Zhènlíng
|zht     = 鎮靈
|zht_rm  = Zhènlíng
|zh_tl   = Jinn Spirit
|zh_note = {{zh|s=镇灵|t=鎮靈|rm=zhènlíng|lit=}} likely derives from the Chinese transcription for "jinni," {{zh|s=镇尼|t=鎮尼|rm=zhènní}}, with the second syllable replaced with {{zh|s=灵|t=靈|rm=líng|tl=spirit.}}
|ja      = ジンニー
|ja_rm   = Jinnii
|ko      = 지니
|ko_rm   = Jini
|es      = Genio
|es_tl   = Genie
|fr      = Djinn
|fr_tl   = Jinn
|ru      = Джинн
|ru_tl   = Jinn
|th      = ญิน
|th_rm   = Yin
|th_tl   = Jinn
|vi      = {{tt|Trấn Linh|鎮靈}}
|vi_tl   = Jinn Spirit{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Dschinn
|de_tl   = Jinn
|id      = Jinni
|pt      = Jinni
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}