{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Jiwani.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Sachin
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Rajput
|relativeNote     = grandfather

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm10853569|Blythe Melin]]<ref name="Blythe Melin">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/AveriusVO/status/1653534144679514114 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230724162559/https://twitter.com/AveriusVO/status/1653534144679514114 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Jiwani''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in {{Quest|To Claim the Crown}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Jiwani is [[Sachin]]'s son, who abandoned him 20 years before the events of [[A Parade of Providence]]. Jiwani grew to resent Sachin after being emotionally and physically neglected by his father, who prioritized his research above all else. After being passed over for his inheritance in favor of Sachin giving it over to whoever he deemed a worthy successor, Jiwani hired [[Eremite]]'s to kidnap Sachin so he could take his inheritance by force, oblivious to the fact that Sachin had committed suicide over 20 years before. 

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO Jiwani 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jiwani:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* In a number of ways, Jiwani can be seen as a parallel to [[Kaveh]] due to their similar situations: 
** Both are the sole children of their respective fathers, both coincidentally being sons born over 20 years before [[Chapter III]] began.
** Both had fathers that ventured out into the desert to conduct research over 20 years ago, where they would eventually end up living in [[Aaru Village]] and traveling with a caravan. 
** Both of their fathers died as a result of their experiences in the desert, although Sachin committed suicide after falling into despair, while [[Kaveh's Father]] died saving those he was traveling with from quicksand. 
** Kaveh had a close and loving relationship with his father, and felt responsible not only for his father choosing to go out to the desert to conduct research after losing the [[Interdarshan Championship]], but also for his eventual death there. On the other hand, Jiwani had a distant relationship with Sachin, who favored his research over him and shows no concern for him even in the present, also eventually passing over him for his inheritance to give to someone he deemed worthy.
** They also grew up to be different people as a result of their experiences. Kaveh developed into a somewhat self-loathing individual who initially helped others to atone for his father's death but is a good-natured idealist who believes others should be helped, whereas Jiwani developed into a selfish individual who attempted to have his father harmed in order to secure his inheritance.
** Kaveh still speaks highly of his father and mourns his death years later, while Jiwani openly resents Sachin and tells the Traveler and Paimon to relay that information to him as he's arrested.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en        = Jiwani
|zhs       = 西瓦尼
|zhs_rm    = Xīwǎní
|zht       = 西瓦尼
|zht_rm    = Xīwǎní
|ja        = シワニ
|ja_rm     = Shiwani
|ko        = 시와니
|ko_rm     = 
|es        = Yiwani
|fr        = Jiwani
|ru        = Дживани
|th        = Jiwani
|vi        = Jiwani
|de        = Jiwani
|id        = Jiwani
|pt        = Jiwani
|tr        = Jiwani
|it        = Jiwani
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Jiwani]]