{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73267
|image         = World Quest Join the Eremites and Embrace a Wonderful New Life!.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = Complete [[King Deshret and the Three Magi]]
|characters    = Atiyah; Ayten; Fodil; Karima; Paimon; Sania; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Aaru Village
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*3
|rep           = Sumeru
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 473
|repTitle      = Join the Eremites and embrace a wonderful new life!
}}
'''''Join the Eremites and Embrace a Wonderful New Life!''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
* Start the World Quest by talking to [[Atiyah]] in [[Aaru Village]].
# Wait till daytime (6:00 – 19:00)
# Talk to [[Sania]]
# Talk to [[Fodil]]
# Go back and take a break
# Demonstrate for [[Ayten]] and [[Karima]]
#* Finish reaching all marked points within 120 seconds.
# Talk to Ayten and Karima
# Defeat all monsters
#* {{Enemy|Scorpion|x=3}}
# Talk to Ayten and Karima

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In Aaru Village, it seems that a member of The Eremites is recruiting...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Atiyah)
:'''Atiyah:''' Join the Eremites and embrace a wonderful new life! Come, friend, would you like to hear about the Eremites?
:{{DIcon}} Uh...
:'''Atiyah:''' Oh, come on, just listen up a bit. The Eremites is a good community to be a part of! We're free! We're united! Friendly, too!
:'''Atiyah:''' And if you join up with us, you'll get the chance to fleece those tree-dwellers of their fat wallets. The Akademiya's researchers are a rich lot, and they're not ones to default on their payments either!
:{{DIcon}} I'm already in the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{DIcon}} I've already got a ton of commissions on my plate.
:'''Atiyah:''' Eh? You're with the Adventurers' Guild? I mean... That's no obstacle, is it? C'mon, everyone's got a side hustle nowadays &mdash; and it's not like adventurers and mercenaries are really that different, you get what I mean?
:{{DIcon}} I think they're pretty different.
:'''Atiyah:''' Well, we've got good food here too! Meat and fish are regulars on the menu!
:'''Atiyah:''' And if you're lucky, you might even get to meet Dehya, the Flame-Mane! Now I... *cough*
:{{DIcon}} Calm down, get some water.
:{{DIcon}} You've had some practice with this pitch, huh?
:'''Atiyah:''' *cough* Sorry, sorry, I spoke too quickly there.
:'''Atiyah:''' I haven't had anyone listen to my pitch for a while now, so I got a little excited there...
:'''Atiyah:''' Still, are you really not even going to consider joining us?
:{{DIcon}} Not at the moment.
:{{DIcon}} I really do have my hands full with Adventurers' Guild business.
:'''Atiyah:''' Alright, if you say so...
:{{DIcon}} Are you always recruiting people here?
:'''Atiyah:''' Yes. I mean, it is my job, after all. Nowadays, able hands are in short supply everywhere &mdash; and nowhere is that shortage more acute than in the mercenary industry.
:'''Atiyah:''' *sigh* Well, I guess I can just tell you. We've got people, that's for sure, but our line of work is very dangerous. Things like escorting people are on the easier side &mdash; it's just tiring at most.
:'''Atiyah:''' But if your work involves researchers, then it's like putting your head on the block. You'll be blessed to come back in one piece...
:'''Atiyah:''' After coming back from these missions, most of our members have to take at least ten days to half a month off... So we always need people to fill in those gaps.
:'''Atiyah:''' Sumeru's a big place with lots of researchers, so we've got new work coming in every day. We're basically working round the clock at this point.
:'''Atiyah:''' So yeah, we need to get some new people, or we're going to buckle under the load.
:{{DIcon}} In that case, have you managed to find anyone who's on board?
:'''Atiyah:''' You mean here in this village? Hahaha... Nope. Not a one.
:'''Atiyah:''' Actually, I should correct myself. It's more that the people I'd love to have join don't want to, and that I wouldn't take those who want to join.
:'''Atiyah:''' If you don't believe me, why don't we take a quick walk about together? Who knows, you might just be convinced by the time we're done.
:'''Atiyah:''' ...Kidding, kidding. I know you said you didn't want to join, and I won't force you. I'd just... y'know, like some company while I have a little walk.
:{{DIcon}} I can go with you, no problem.
:'''Atiyah:''' Hehe, thanks a lot. Let me see... Let's go look for Sania first. She's usually free in the day, but at night... Well, she's usually busy having important discussions with Jabari.

;(Talk to Sania in the morning)
:'''Sania:''' How worrying...
:'''Atiyah:''' Good afternoon, Sania! What are you buying?
:'''Sania:''' I've told you many times before, Atiyah, [[Jabari]] isn't interested in joining you, nor do I want him to go become a mercenary. I'm not going to help you convince him.
:'''Atiyah:''' Well, that's a shame. With his culinary skills, Jabari'd do really well with us, and your family's financial standing would be improved greatly, too.
:'''Atiyah:''' And hasn't he said before that he'd like to go out and find work? If that's what he really wants, who better to recommend work than an old friend, eh?
:'''Sania:''' Don't take anything he says seriously. He'll tell you that one day, and change his mind the next.
:'''Sania:''' In the end, he just can't bear to leave me here alone in the village... and I couldn't bear to see him slogging away by himself, either.
:'''Sania:''' What's more, you're asking that he risk his neck out there as a mercenary! Even if he wanted to go, I'd stop him for sure.
:'''Sania:''' Let's just leave this topic be. I've got things to buy &mdash; go bother someone else.
:'''Atiyah:''' Phew... Well, alright then. You see, traveler? This is what work looks like for me every day.
:'''Atiyah:''' Next up on my list of people to meet is Fodil. He was one of us once... but he quit.
:'''Atiyah:''' Sure would be nice if I could convince him to make a bit of a comeback...

;(Talk to Fodil)
:'''Fodil:''' Atiyah... Not you again.
:'''Atiyah:''' Hehe, persistence is one of our virtues, you know.
:'''Fodil:''' Well, then you should know that sticking to principles is mine.
:'''Atiyah:''' Come on now, brother...
:'''Fodil:''' I've left the organization already. Don't call me that.
:'''Atiyah:''' Right, alright, Fodil. You sure you're not considering coming back at all?
:'''Atiyah:''' I know that some of us can be a bit... reckless, but most of us are perfectly law-abiding citizens!
:'''Fodil:''' I've said this before, Atiyah. I'm not going back.
:'''Fodil:''' The things you speak of, I've already confirmed them with my own two eyes.
:'''Fodil:''' Perhaps not all the Eremites are a lawless lot, and not every Eremite enjoys kicking those who have already gone down...
:'''Fodil:''' But ill deeds spread, Atiyah. All it takes is one person to act like the law is merely a suggestion, and everyone else will be affected by them.
:'''Fodil:''' One person influences another, and if that group keeps acting a certain way, they will influence yet more people...
:'''Fodil:''' I'm sure you know what that means better than I do, Atiyah.
:'''Fodil:''' It is all too easy to do evil in such an environment.
:'''Atiyah:''' ...
:'''Fodil:''' You wish for me to return... just as I wish for you to leave.
:'''Fodil:''' Perhaps from your perspective, the Eremites are not an evil organization even if they're not exactly honorable... But you can't always live in shades of gray.
:'''Fodil:''' This is just a word of advice. You may do with it as you will.
:'''Atiyah:''' I know, chief.
:'''Fodil:''' Alright. If you do leave and need a new line of work, I will help you.
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:'''Atiyah:''' Heh, well, there's no way I can win an argument with Fodil, I guess.
:'''Atiyah:''' What's next? Right, right, let's rest a bit. I gotta say, my throat's getting tired after all that.

;(Approach Ayten)
:'''Ayten:''' Hey, Uncle Atiyah! You still asking people to join the Eremites?
:'''Atiyah:''' Why, if it isn't Ayten. Did you tell your mother you were coming here?
:'''Ayten:''' I did! She's working, so I went to go play with Karima.
:'''Karima:''' Hello, Uncle Atiyah!
:'''Ayten:''' Uncle Atiyah, what do you think? About the stuff we talked about last time.
:'''Ayten:''' I've been working out this whole time, and I've even been training with Karima.. She's never gonna catch me again in a race!
:'''Karima:''' That one time doesn't count! It was because I didn't eat enough for lunch that day!
:'''Ayten:''' ...Anyway, I've been following the training plan you gave me...
:'''Ayten:''' So let me take the test again! Let's see if I'm good enough to join the Eremites!
:{{DIcon}} Ah, so this is what you meant by...
:{{DIcon}} ...Someone who wants to join?
:'''Atiyah:''' Ahem! Alright then, Ayten. As a member of the Eremites, I will conduct the test once again!
:'''Ayten:''' Alright! C'mon, Karima, you join in too. Let's do this together!
:'''Karima:''' But I don't wanna join the Eremites... I just want to stay here in the village and protect everyone...
:'''Karima:''' But it would be nice to get Uncle Atiyah to test my skills. I mean, I did ask Miss Candace for advice on how to train before!
:'''Ayten:''' Wait, what? When did you...
:'''Atiyah:''' Hahaha! Good, good, that's the spirit!
:'''Atiyah:''' Alright, Ayten, stop pouting. If we get the chance, I'll bring you to go get some pointers from Dehya! How does that sound?
:'''Ayten:''' Really!? You'd do that?
:'''Atiyah:''' We Eremites don't lie, kiddo.
:'''Atiyah:''' But before we begin the test, let's have this traveler show us the expected standards.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, I'm involved in this now?
::'''Atiyah:''' ...I haven't had the chance to do any demonstrations before. I couldn't just run around doing those and leave these kids here by themselves. That would be too dangerous... Anyway, thanks for your help, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you usually do the demonstrations?
::'''Atiyah:''' Oh, come on, do I look like I had time to demonstrate between my job and looking out for these kids?
::'''Atiyah:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler.
:'''Atiyah:''' *cough* Anyway, our Traveler here's a very capable adventurer. I had to do a lot to get {{MC|m=him|f=her}} to come and give you a demonstration.
:'''Atiyah:''' Better watch carefully now.
:'''Ayten:''' Alright!
:'''Karima:''' An adventurer, huh? As in, someone from the Adventurers' Guild?
:'''Atiyah:''' No matter whether you're a mercenary or a guard, you will always wind up coming across situations in which retreat is the best option.
:'''Atiyah:''' When that happens, we often live by the principle that the quicker we can get away, the better.
:'''Atiyah:''' Thank you, Traveler. Now, let us quickly demonstrate... How to make a swift retreat!
:'''Atiyah:''' Here's our starting point. Now then, please demonstrate.

:'''Paimon:''' Basically, we just need to get over there as quickly as possible, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Honestly, Paimon's surprised by how easy that is...
----
;(Talk to Atiyah, Ayten, or Karima after completing the demonstration)
:'''Ayten:''' Wow!
:'''Karima:''' You're... so fast...
:'''Atiyah:''' Very good! You were quick... and more importantly, very steady.
:'''Atiyah:''' Watch and learn, kids.
:'''Atiyah:''' Don't insist on pushing through every dangerous situation you get in. If you must retreat, retreat decisively!
:'''Atiyah:''' That means you especially, Ayten.
:'''Ayten:''' I know, I know...
:'''Atiyah:''' Good. Let's move on to the next step... It's time for some live combat demonstration.
:'''Ayten:''' Ooh, awesome! My dad carved me a wooden sword that I carry with me. What about you, Karima?
:'''Karima:''' I do have a small bow, though my mother only gave me arrows without tips...
:'''Atiyah:''' Hahaha! That's alright! You have a sword and a bow, and your boundless courage. That's all anyone really needs to begin their adventures.
:'''Atiyah:''' But remember not to run around aimlessly when you're outside the village. Stick with me and the Traveler at all times.
:{{DIcon}} You're really taking them outside the village?
:{{DIcon}} We're going out with two kids in tow...
:'''Atiyah:''' Oh, don't you worry. I've scouted that area beforehand. There's just a bunch of sickly scorpions out there. They barely retain any offensive capabilities, so we should be alright.
:'''Atiyah:''' And whatever happens, the two of us will be there!
:{{DIcon}} So you're counting me in now?
:{{DIcon}} I don't remember agreeing to this...
:'''Atiyah:''' Oh, come on, we're already here. You know, "in for one Mora, in for a thousand" and such! I'll make sure to pay you according to the Guild's regulations!
:'''Atiyah:''' Well, buckle up, kids. We're heading off!
:'''Ayten:''' Woohoo!
:'''Karima:''' I must admit... I'm a bit nervous.

;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Atiyah:''' These scorpions are still here... Just as I thought.
:'''Atiyah:''' Well, let's hit 'em hard, Traveler. Watch and learn, kids!

;(After defeating the Scorpions)
:'''Ayten:''' Those scorpions are huge! Uh, should we really get any closer to them?
:'''Karima:''' I shot them with my bow, but they didn't even flinch...
:'''Karima:''' But you... you defeated them so easily...
:{{DIcon}} Well, that's many years of training for you.
:{{DIcon}} You two are still young.
:'''Karima:''' But... Miss Candace said I'd improved...
:'''Atiyah:''' Chin up, Karima! You'll become strong eventually &mdash; but you've got to take it all one day at a time.
:'''Atiyah:''' You too, Ayten. If you keep training hard like this, it's only a matter of time before we'll let you in.
:'''Ayten:''' Ohh, if only I could get Miss Dehya to teach me...
:'''Karima:''' The next time I see Miss Candace, I'll get her to teach me more!
:'''Atiyah:''' Hahaha! That's the spirit!
:{{DIcon}} And in the end, you didn't get anyone to join.
:{{DIcon}} What about your job, then?
:'''Atiyah:''' *cough* Hey now, didn't they ever tell you not to harp on a man's private woes?
:'''Atiyah:''' We can talk about work later... and it's not as if my advertising has had no effect at all.
:'''Atiyah:''' Lots of young men and women have left the village to see the outside world after hearing what I had to say... even if they didn't really want to join us.
:'''Atiyah:''' Well, we can talk about that later. I have to bring these kids back to the village now. Their parents are probably at least a bit worried now that they've been out so long.
:'''Atiyah:''' Here's a little something for you, by the way. Thanks for coming all the way out here with me.
:'''Atiyah:''' *sigh* Now, how am I going to explain this to the rest of the Eremites when I go back for a debriefing...
:'''Ayten:''' Uh, Uncle Atiyah, you haven't given us our tests yet.
:'''Atiyah:''' That so? Ah, yes... yes. Let's go back to the village first, and then we'll do the test there.
{{Dialogue End}}

<!--==Trivia==
-->
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/fHOAjL1xsSQ
|caption1 = Join the Eremites and Embrace a Wonderful New Life Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/AJK58nuJOEg
|caption2 = Guide: Join the Eremites and Embrace a Wonderful New Life
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Join the Eremites and Embrace a Wonderful New Life!
|zhs     = 加入镀金旅团，拥抱美好生活！
|zhs_rm  = Jiārù Dùjīn Lǚtuán, Yōngbào Měihǎo Shēnghuó!
|zht     = 加入鍍金旅團，擁抱美好生活！
|zht_rm  = Jiārù Dùjīn Lǚtuán, Yōngbào Měihǎo Shēnghuó!
|zh_tl   = Join the {{Lex|Eremite|zh}}s, Embrace a Glorious Life!
|ja      = エルマイト旅団に入って、素晴らしい生活を！
|ja_rm   = Erumaito Ryodan ni Haitte, Subarashii Seikatsu wo!
|ja_tl   = Join the Eremites Brigade for a Wonderful Life!
|ko      = 도금 여단에 가입하고, 삶을 더 행복하게!
|ko_rm   = Dogeum Yeodane Gaipago, Salmeul Deo Haengbokage!
|ko_tl   = Join the Eremites and Make Your Life Hapier!
|es      = ¡Únete a Los Eremitas y disfruta de la vida!
|es_tl   = Join the Eremites and Enjoy Life!
|fr      = Rejoignez les Érémites et vivez la belle vie !
|fr_tl   = Join the Eremites and Live the Good Life!
|ru      = Вступайте в ряды Пустынников, и ваша жизнь наладится!
|ru_tl   = Join the Ranks of Hermits and Your Life Will Improve!
|th      = เข้าร่วมกลุ่ม Eremite เพื่อชีวิตที่ดีกว่า!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gia Nhập Eremite Bao Sống Khỏe!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Tritt der Goldbrigade bei und beginne ein tolles Leben!
|de_tl   = Join the Golden Brigade and Start a Terrific Life!
|id      = Masuklah Eremite, Milikilah Hidup yang Sejahtera!
|id_tl   = Join the Eremite, Have a Prosperous Life!
|pt      = Junte-se aos Eremitas e Experimente uma Maravilhosa Vida Nova!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Münzevilere Katıl ve Olağanüstü Bir Hayata Başla!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Unisci agli Eremiti e adotta un nuovo, meraviglioso stile di vita!
|it_tl   = Join the Eremite and opt for a new, wonderful lifestyle!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:¡Únete a Los Eremitas y disfruta de la vida!]]