{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Josephine.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fleuve Cendre
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Parsifal the Great
|siblingNote      = older sister
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Josephine''' was the alias of a young woman from [[Fleuve Cendre]] who lived over 500 years ago. She was [[Parsifal the Great]]'s younger sister and served as Parsifal's magician's assistant.

==Profile==
Parsifal and Josephine were sisters born in the impoverished slums of Fleuve Cendre, located underneath the [[Court of Fontaine]]. They turned to thievery for survival, using magic performances as a veil for their acts and adopting stage names derived from one of [[Coppelius]]' plays &mdash; which itself was based on the story of [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]] figures [[Parsifal]] and the [[Blue-Eyed Spear Witch]]. During their trips aboveground, the two grew enamored with the idea of performing at the opera house and pursued legitimate performances over thievery. They started with performances at [[Eduardo Baker]]'s tavern before making a name for themselves in the Court of Fontaine.<ref name="TFGM">{{Ref/Weapon|The First Great Magic}}</ref>

When the purge of Fleuve Cendre<ref name="FCF">{{Ref/Weapon|Fleuve Cendre Ferryman}}</ref> occurred, Josephine rushed back to her home, only to find the death and destruction that had been left in its wake. Josephine's fate afterwards is unclear, although it is said that the destruction of Fleuve Cendre caused her to lose her "place" in life and led her to design a "'grand magic trick' that belonged to them."<ref name="TFGM" />

[[The First Great Magic]] suggests that the younger sister adopted the "Parsifal" persona following the purge,<ref group="Note">The second-to-last paragraph of The First Great Magic's description starts by implying that Parsifal's assistant was unnotable, before segueing into descriptions of two popular magic tricks: where the assistant is cut in half but emerges in one piece, and where a missing item is returned to the crowd unnoticed. These two tricks are used as parallels for how the girl, referring to Josephine from the previous paragraph, lost her "accustomed place" in life. (The phrase "accustomed" is present in the original Chinese description, but was left out of the English version.)</ref> and "Josephine" has not been mentioned in later events involving Parsifal. If this is the case, then "Parsifal"'s involvements at Poisson before the [[Siege of Poisson]],<ref name="FCF" /> as well as her "unexpected transgression" and death by trial by combat against [[Marfisa]],<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Judgment}}</ref> were actually performed by the younger sister who originally played "Josephine."
<!--
===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Josephine
|zhs     = 约瑟芬
|zhs_rm  = Yuēsèfēn
|zht     = 約瑟芬
|zht_rm  = Yuēsèfēn
|ja      = ジョセフィーヌ
|ja_rm   = Josefiinu
|ko      = 조제핀
|es      = Joséphine
|fr      = Joséphine
|ru      = Жозефина
|th      = Josephine
|vi      = Josephine
|de      = Joséphine
|id      = Josephine
|pt      = Josephine
|tr      = Josephine
|it      = Joséphine
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}