{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70026
|part          = 1
|image         = Event Quest Journey to Tsurumi.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|event_name    = Shadow of the Ancients
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30 and complete [[A Flower Blooms in a Prison]]
|next          = Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Preface
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|rewards       = Ayesha's Chaos Prospector*1;Hero's Wit*2;Mora*20,000
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[Shadow of the Ancients]] Event
|characters    = Hosseini; Katheryne (Inazuma); Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Journey to Tsurumi''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the [[Shadow of the Ancients]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Go to the designated location to investigate
# Report back to Katheryne
# Ask [[Hosseini]] some questions

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Katheryne of the Adventurers' Guild is currently puzzling over a certain commission...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Hello there, Traveler. We meet again.
:'''Katheryne:''' Your recent commission completion record has been stellar indeed. Why, I'd even say you're one of our star adventurers.
:{{DIcon}} You're too kind.
::'''Katheryne:''' We of the Inazuma Adventurers' Guild are normally in contact with the other branches throughout Teyvat. As such, there is no need for you to be so humble. Your exploits in Mondstadt and Liyue are known to us.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then, so, what's the job?
::'''Katheryne:''' Haha, you are as direct as they say.
:'''Katheryne:''' Actually, we'd like you to consider working on a relatively simple investigation. The area to be investigated is on [[Tsurumi Island]].
:'''Katheryne:''' The weather on the island can be considered quite unique, and it is shrouded in fog all year around. However, investigations should still be relatively safe to conduct.
:'''Katheryne:''' The Guild normally sends more experienced adventurers to take up this task, but this time, the adventurer we sent canceled the commission soon after arriving on Tsurumi Island.
:'''Katheryne:''' He did not elaborate much as to his reasons; he just hurriedly explained that it was beyond his abilities and that he was giving it up.
:'''Katheryne:''' But after this adventurer forfeited, this commission ended up idling here for quite a while without anyone to take it up. The commissioning party has asked after it several times already...
:'''Katheryne:''' Well then, I thought, we should probably send an adventurer with exceptional survival skills and experience, and have them complete this commission.
:'''Katheryne:''' That was when you came to mind. So, what do you say, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} This all seems a little fishy.
::'''Katheryne:''' That's an understandable perspective. That the previous adventurer canceled on us was quite unexpected indeed...
::'''Katheryne:''' Tsurumi Island is quite far off the beaten track, and the Guild knows precious little about it.
:{{DIcon}} Let me consider it...
::'''Katheryne:''' Are you worried that there might be unknown dangers along the way?
::'''Katheryne:''' To be honest, some adventurers did reject this commission on that account as well...
:'''Katheryne:''' Well, we can work around this and decrease the commission's requirements a little.
:'''Katheryne:''' If you should encounter any particularly pernicious dangers along the way, you can return to ask for help. There's no need to obsess over completing this investigation.
:'''Katheryne:''' Ah, yes. By the way, the person who posted this commission appears to be a researcher from the [[Sumeru Akademiya]]. He originally intended to investigate the weather on Tsurumi Island, but ran into some problems during the research process.
:'''Katheryne:''' That's why he posted this commission. If I'm not mistaken, he has forked out the lion's share of his research grant, so the rewards should be quite sizable...
:{{DIcon}} I'll take it.
:{{DIcon}} Well, let's give this a go then, shall we?
:'''Katheryne:''' Well then, thank you for your willingness to take up this commission. Allow me to show you where to begin.
:'''Katheryne:''' Please do stay safe as you investigate, however. I wish you all the best.
:'''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque!
----
;(Approach the investigation area)
:'''Paimon:''' This must be the area we're investigating. But there's nothing special here, except...
:'''Paimon:''' A [[Ruin Grader]]? Huh, so Tsurumi Island's got these things too. Let's get rid of it before it ruins our investigation.

;(After defeating the ruin grader)
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on? This Ruin Grader's... reviving itself! That's one Paimon's never seen before!
:'''Paimon:''' Also, that's totally unfair! Aren't we just wasting our effort like this? ...Actually, is *this* why the previous adventurer gave up?
:'''Paimon:''' Traveler, let's retreat for now and report this to Katheryne. Maybe she'll know what to do.
----
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Welcome back, Traveler. What did you find?
:{{DIcon}} So, we met this Ruin Grader that won't stay dead...
:'''Katheryne:''' A strange Ruin Grader that keeps getting back up no matter how many times it is brought down... The person who commissioned this quest didn't say a thing about this.
:'''Katheryne:''' No wonder that previous adventurer looked so upset. They must've been stumped by that strange Ruin Grader.
:'''Katheryne:''' ...We should really be informed of such things ahead of time...
:'''Katheryne:''' I'm sure that I reminded Mr. Hosseini that he should be honest and clear when stating the details of the commission. How could he do something like this?
:'''Katheryne:''' Unclear wording, missing content, it seems that more and more people are writing commissions this way. How are we supposed to give adventurers work like this? Seriously...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like it's been rough for you...
::'''Katheryne:''' I'm alright, at least. I just wish that the people posting commissions would communicate their needs to the Guild more clearly.
:{{DIcon}} This is part of the whole adventuring process, isn't it?
::'''Katheryne:''' Well, so is my serving as the intermediary between the guild and the people who post our commissions.
:'''Katheryne:''' ...My apologies, I spoke out of turn.
:'''Katheryne:''' Regardless, I believe that the best and least costly way to solve this is to make contact with the person who submitted this commission directly and explain the situation with the reviving Ruin Grader to him.
:'''Katheryne:''' We shall see if he can accept the investigation results as they are and, if he believes that we can continue investigating, whether he has any way of solving the problem or not.
:'''Katheryne:''' All I can do is record matters as best as I can. If this commission is to continue, I will do my best to support you all the same.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:'''Katheryne:''' In that case, I leave the matter of contacting Mr. Hosseini to you.

;(Talk to Hosseini)
:'''Hosseini:''' My research on Tsurumi Island...
:{{DIcon}} Well hello there.
:{{DIcon}} We meet again.
:'''Hosseini:''' Ahh, I just received a status report from the Adventurers' Guild, and was just wondering if the one who had taken the commission up was you. So it was!
:{{DIcon}} This investigation commission...
:'''Hosseini:''' *sigh* I know what you're going to say. Miss Katheryne was just haranguing me back there. I told her that I now understand the situation... More or less.
:'''Hosseini:''' Would it be correct to say that you encountered a Ruin Grader with regenerative powers at the investigation area?
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
:{{DIcon}} And you know nothing about that?
:'''Hosseini:''' Well, I have seen that Ruin Grader, but I didn't know that it could revive itself.
:'''Hosseini:''' When I came to Inazuma, I was fascinated by the ever-foggy Tsurumi Island. I even went to investigate it personally.
:'''Hosseini:''' The mysterious fog that lies over the island is fertile ground for research. However, each one of my attempts to go deeper into the island have ended in abject failure. I haven't made any progress at all...
:'''Hosseini:''' It was just as I was thinking on this that I discovered an island that was not shrouded in fog, and that Ruin Grader.
:'''Hosseini:''' However, I wasn't sufficiently prepared for such an encounter, so I had to leave in a hurry soon after coming ashore on that island. So, though I did see that Ruin Grader, I didn't get a good look at it.
:'''Hosseini:''' I didn't mean to deceive anyone, and honestly, encountering unknown circumstances is part of both research and adventuring, is it not?
:'''Hosseini:''' That said, I did give it some thought, and as it turns out, I do have some idea as to what might have happened here.
:'''Hosseini:''' Here's my hypothesis: I believe this Ruin Grader to have some kind of self-repair module built into it. It should also have some kind of external power source that allows it to function normally.
:'''Hosseini:''' It is significantly more advanced than the usual Ruin Graders you'll meet. We could consider it a special anomalous model, even!
:'''Hosseini:''' Ruin Graders are autonomous machines powered by Chaos Cores. Once these cores are damaged, the machines will lose the ability to move on their own power.
:'''Hosseini:''' But this anomalous model is different. Its power comes from an external source, which I strongly believe might be the ley lines.
:'''Hosseini:''' I do have some experience in the study of how ancient civilizations utilized energy. According to the texts, there were once machines that could function in perpetuity.
:'''Hosseini:''' If such records are reliable, this special Ruin Grader could have been an important product of the ancients' research into energy.
:'''Hosseini:''' We need to stop it somehow and conduct detailed research into its inner workings.
:{{DIcon}} Any ideas?
:'''Hosseini:''' Well, we have about... three solutions, I think. Two of which have rather slim odds of working out.
:'''Hosseini:''' Let me think... Ah! Right! This'll do.
:'''Hosseini:''' Before coming to Inazuma, I did arrange to have a few relics shipped along to serve as research material on a few new topics.",
:'''Hosseini:''' Not long before you came over, my countrymen managed to get them delivered to me.
:'''Hosseini:''' Among them are a few ancient tools known as [[Pursina's Spike]]s. In theory, they can be used to disrupt the flow of ley line energies, which can be used to cut the flow of power to this anomalous Ruin Grader model.
:'''Hosseini:''' Unfortunately, this set of Pursina's Spikes seems a little faulty at the moment. The result of a bumpy voyage, perhaps.
:{{DIcon}} And our solution to this new problem?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Hosseini:''' Oh, come on, unforeseen circumstances are part and parcel of research, aren't they? We just need to, uh, get used to them...
:'''Hosseini:''' So I was thinking, since we both need those Spikes, we can team up to get them repaired.
:{{DIcon}} You know what? I feel used.
::'''Hosseini:''' Come now, don't say that. Let's call it an "alignment of objectives" instead, shall we?
::'''Hosseini:''' Anyway, I will not do you harm for my own benefit. I will not drag the Akademiya's good name through the mud.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure the Spikes will work?
::'''Hosseini:''' Well, I've never actually used Pursina's Spikes before, but their basic principles have been rigorously proven. Things should not go wrong &mdash; in theory.
::'''Hosseini:''' Even if you do not believe in me, have faith in the power of science!
:{{DIcon}} Alright, I'll have faith.
:'''Hosseini:''' Wonderful! Here's to our partnership, then.
:'''Hosseini:''' The key difficulty in maintaining Pursina's Spikes lies in the specific materials used in its components, which makes them quite difficult to mass-produce.
:'''Hosseini:''' Usually, we just cannibalize identical parts from other old relics to repair them.
:'''Hosseini:''' Fortunately, these components are rather common in ancient relics. In fact, you could probably find them wherever such artifacts may be found.
:'''Hosseini:''' Of course, you need not worry about not being able to find those ancient relics. We do, after all, have a handy tool to improve the efficiency of our search.
:'''Hosseini:''' This device here is known as [[Ayesha's Chaos Prospector]]. The details of how it works can be quite complicated, so I shan't elaborate here.
:'''Hosseini:''' In sum, Ayesha's Chaos Prospector will notify you when you have discovered an ancient relic or a ley line energy distortion with... pretty decent accuracy, really.
:'''Hosseini:''' Our most urgent task at the moment is to use it to find components hidden deep underground. Once we've found enough components, the maintenance process can begin.
:'''Hosseini:''' This collection work will take several days, but we do need to have patience and to proceed steadily.
:'''Hosseini:''' Alright then. If you understand what we need to do, then try putting this glorious machine to work!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Journey to Tsurumi
|zhs     = 鹤观之行
|zhs_rm  = Hèguān zhī Xíng
|zht     = 鶴觀之行
|zht_rm  = Hèguān zhī Xíng
|zh_tl   = Journey in Tsurumi
|ja      = 鶴観の旅
|ja_rm   = Tsurumi no Tabi
|ja_tl   = A Journey to Tsurumi
|ko      = 츠루미 여정
|ko_tl   = Journey to Tsurumi
|es      = Viaje a Tsurumi
|es_tl   = Journey to Tsurumi
|fr      = Voyage à Tsurumi
|fr_tl   = Journey to Tsurumi
|ru      = Путешествие в Цуруми
|ru_tl   = Journey to Tsurumi
|th      = การเดินทางสู่เกาะ Tsurumi
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hành Trình Đảo Tsurumi
|vi_tl   = Tsurumi Island Journey
|de      = Reise nach Tsurumi
|de_tl   = Journey to Tsurumi
|id      = Perjalanan ke Tsurumi
|id_tl   = Journey to Tsurumi
|pt      = Jornada à Tsurumi
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[es:Viaje a Tsurumi]]
[[pt-br:Jornada à Tsurumi]]
[[ru:Путешествие на Цуруми]]
[[vi:Hành Trình Đảo Tsurumi]]