{{Event
|name              = Journeying Together
|image             = Journeying Together.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-08-27 20:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-09-13 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/767319
}}
To celebrate Genshin Impact's first anniversary, Paimon specially invites Travelers to draw a special publicity bus with the theme of Genshin Impact's anniversary. Paimon has prepared some great prizes for this event, be sure not to miss it~

==Event Duration==
*Start and End Dates: August 27 – September 13 23:59
*Prize Winner Announcement: September 20
*All times are in UTC+8

==How to Participate==
Please follow the design guidelines below to decorate the Genshin Impact First Anniversary Publicity Bus. Completion of the following steps will be considered successful participation in the event.
#Please post your work on Twitter with the tags @GenshinImpact and #GenshinImpactAnniversary
#Send your design to the email address: genshin_cm@mihoyo.com

Easter Egg: After the event, Paimon will select one of the winning entries to decorate a real-world vehicle, and at some point in the future, our specially customized Genshin Impact Anniversary vehicle will appear in some corner of the world!~ Please stay tuned!

Tips:
#Drawing Dimensions: 4800*2700 300dpi
#The content should reflect the theme of Genshin Impact and "Anniversary."
#If your original work has been used on a private car or bus, you can still submit it to participate in the selection.

==Prize List==
*Aesthetic Presentation Prize × 3
*Apple iPad Air 10.9-inch + Primogems ×3,000
*Anniversary Creativity Prize × 5
*Apple Watch Series 3 + Primogems ×1,000
*Participation Prize × 10
*A token of appreciation of 49.99 USD + Primogems ×500

The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms, and will be comprehensively evaluated based on content, comments, and likes received. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.

==Event Guidelines==
#Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
#Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
#The event is held on multiple platforms, and submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms, and will be comprehensively evaluated based on content, comments, and likes received. There is no set amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
#The list of winners will be announced on September 20. Primogems will be sent to the Travelers' accounts via in-game mail after the event, and the physical prizes will be delivered to the winning Travelers by mail. Travelers, thank you for your patience while we get your prizes to you.
#Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources.and make sure to obtain authorization.
#The officials shall have the right to use the submissions for publication, secondary works, and other publicity purposes. You grant the officials a worldwide, permanent, and free license to reproduce, distribute, compile, transmit via information networks, and otherwise use commercially without additional compensation nor requiring additional consent.
#The rights not explicitly specified in this event are held by the official team.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}