{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19082
|image         = Hangout Event Journey to Liyue.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = II
|act           = Knightly Exam Prep
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = While the Millelith Stands Guard
|next2         = A Knight's Journey Through Liyue
|characters    = Chef Mao; Dugu Shuo; Noelle; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Journey to Liyue''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Knightly Exam Prep}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Talk to Noelle
# Go to [[Wanmin Restaurant]]
# Go to [[Hanfeng's Ironmongers]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Noelle reveals to you that she is very anxious about the Knights of Favonius selection exam. At your suggestion, she decides to join you on a trip to Liyue to relieve her stress...}}

===Levity in Liyue===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I can't believe I have really come all the way to Liyue...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wow... The architecture here is so unique, and there are so many people around... But somehow, I feel like I'm constantly being watched...
:{{DIcon}} Well, you do look especially good today.
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No~ Please don't make fun of me.
:{{DIcon}} Well, Knights of Favonius are a rare sight around here.
:;(&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, I am not a Knight of Favonius yet...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Tsk, you shouldn't make jokes like that in public, people may hear you and get the wrong idea.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh, how strange... Back in Mondstadt, I never feel shy around strangers, but over here I feel so tense...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I&mdash;It's probably because I'm in a completely different environment. I don't know how I should act to make sure I don't make a fool of myself...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And speaking of... I heard that it's customary to eat with chopsticks in Liyue...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Back in Mondstadt, I have previously provided chopsticks to visitors from Liyue, but I have never used them myself... Ohh, I hope I won't become a laughing stock...
:{{DIcon}} Some foods here can be eaten without chopsticks. Want to have a look?
:{{DIcon}} I can teach you how to use chopsticks. Want to try?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh? Oh, I... I was just thinking aloud. Don't worry about it.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' My time here in Liyue is precious. I should make good use of it to study...
:{{DIcon}} You never know, the exam may test your ability to work with partners from Liyue.
:;(&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wh&mdash;What? Could that really come up in the exam? Wait, you're right... maybe it will!
:{{DIcon}} Understanding the local culture will help you connect with people and learn more.
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm, true... If I offended the locals by not knowing their customs, I wouldn't have the chance to learn from them...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh, then... okay... Let's start by learning about the local cuisine. {{Traveler}}, do you have any suggestions?
:{{DIcon}} You can trust me with this.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go to Wanmin Restaurant.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908201 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Okay! {{Traveler}}, if it comes recommended by you, I'm excited to find out what kind of food it is...

;(Go to Wanmin Restaurant)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 01.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' If it isn't the Traveler! What would you like to order today? Wanmin Restuarant will cook it just how you like it!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 02.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Oh, is this a new customer you've brought with you? Based on Madam's attire... it would appear that...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 03.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' ...Even a Knight of Favonius will travel all the way to Liyue just to try Wanmin Restaurant's cooking!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Knight of Favonius? Oh... I&mdash;I'm not...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 04.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Haha, I'm just joking, of course. You must be in Liyue on official business?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 05.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' But anyway, while you're here in Liyue, I can confidently say that you won't regret stopping by Wanmin Restaurant to try our tasty dishes!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' That... that's not what I meant...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 06.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Not what you meant... Oh, I see... I suppose you must be looking for Liuli Pavilion or Xinyue Kiosk?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 07.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' *sigh* Most first-time visitors have only heard of these two places. I just didn't expect the Knights of Favonius to be the same way...
:{{DIcon}} Chef Mao... that's not what she meant...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wh&mdash;What I meant was... I am not an official Knight of Favonius. I'm just a knight-in-training currently serving as a maid...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 08.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Goodness... They really distinguish between knights to that degree? Well, anyway, as long as you dine at Wanmin Restaurant, rest assured you will leave here a satisfied customer!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 09.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Since this is your first time in Liyue, perhaps you are not used to chopsticks yet? If so, might I recommend the Grilled Tiger Fish &mdash; fresh, fragrant, and easy to eat...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 10.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' If I tone down the spice a little, it should be perfect for the Mondstadt palate. Want to try it?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, what do you think?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Um... I want to learn about the Liyue diet. Adjusting the dish to accommodate what I'm used to seems to defeat the purpose of coming here...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 11.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:'''  Oh? You want to try something with more of a local flavor? Well, in that case, you've got to try our signature dish: Black-Back Perch Stew!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 12.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' The only thing is, you can't really eat it without using chopsticks, and the level of spice is not for everyone.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 13.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' I pour oil into a hot pan, throw in a big handful of Jueyun Chilis, and stir-fry them to release the flavor. Then, I sprinkle in some powdered Violetgrass to enhance the spiciness...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Phew! I can already feel the spiciness just by listening to your description! ...Will I be able to handle it?
:{{DIcon}} Come on, you can do it!
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Right! I can't give up so soon!
:{{DIcon}} Don't force it if you're not going to enjoy it.
:;(&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But if I give up so soon... how can I learn to overcome future obstacles?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... It's just a harmless bit of chili pepper... I&mdash;I can take it!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Chef Mao, I will go with your recommendation!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 14.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Haha, great! Please have a seat. One Black-Back Perch Stew, coming right up!
:{{Black Screen|You and Noelle dine on Black-Back Perch Stew together...}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *cough* *cough* *cough* So spicy... I can't even hold... my chopsticks steadily... *cough* *cough*
:{{DIcon}} Are you okay...?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm fine... I'm fine... It's certainly very spicy, but once you get over that, it' quite delicious...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' What surprised me is how the freshness of the fish still shines through, despite how heavily seasoned the dish is...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... the next time I entertain guests from Liyue... I wonder if I'll be able to prepare such delicious food for them...
:{{DIcon}} Your cooking is delicious, too.
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' R&mdash;Really? Then, let me bake some muffins for you when we get back...
:{{DIcon}} Liyue cuisine is in a league of its own.
:;(&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So... So this is the kind of food you like? After I get back, I will have to study it properly...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 15.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Wow, you've already finished? How do you feel? Even locals rarely finish the dish so quickly...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, it was very good! Thank you, Chef Mao.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 16.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Ah, you're very welcome! Seeing customers satisfied is my greatest pleasure.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 chefmao 17.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' But... I must say, I really didn't expect you to drink the soup! It's so spicy that most people here in Liyue can't even handle it.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wha&mdash; The soup...? W&mdash;We weren't supposed to drink it!?
:{{DIcon}} Ahem... Time to move on.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, um... Yes. Let's.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *sigh*... Next time I eat in Liyue, I'll be sure to check how each dish is meant to be consumed first...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... That sounds like ironwork going on over there. Is it a blacksmith?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 21.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...From the kind of weapons made here, I should be able to learn something about the local combat style. Will you come with me to the blacksmith, so I can take a look?
:{{DIcon}} You mean Hanfeng's Ironmongers? Sure, follow me.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 22.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, great!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908202 noelle 23.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...It's almost like you're the host and I'm your guest. As a maid... I can't help but feel a little guilty!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Liyue Local Weaponry===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Hanfeng's Ironmongers)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wow, just from looking at these weapons, I can tell they have great power. This is the nation built by the Geo Archon, after all...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I wonder how Favonius Bladework could be applied to these weapons, and what kind of modifications would be needed...
:{{DIcon}} Seems like you are getting some inspiration?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... And even though I am just thinking through problems as I always do, I don't feel as nervous as I did when I was in Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 01.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Hey! You over there! What are you doing?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah? What's wrong, little boy?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 02.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Wh&mdash;Who're you calling "little boy"? I'm a mighty warrior! I see you, with your strange attire, acting all mysterious, loitering around the Ironmongers... Yeah, you're up to no good!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *gasp* I'm not up to anything...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 03.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Hmph! You can't hide it from me! I see the way you look at those weapons... Same way I look at 'em too!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 04.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' You must be planning to sneak over and steal a couple of blades when the man's not looking, huh? Well, I'm warning you. Quit while you're ahead! Stop before you do something you'll regret! 'Cause if you get caught, uh... that man is gonna yell at you!
:{{DIcon}} She's a Knight of Favonius. She wouldn't do such a thing.
:;(&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Honorary Knight, please... I told you not to call me that...
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 05.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Knight of Favonius? Huh... Then she's no small fry after all...
:{{DIcon}} She has her own weapon already, she wouldn't need to.
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, that's right. In any case, my weapon of choice is the greatsword... And I don't see any of those here.
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 06.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Greatsword, huh... Well, you got one thing right: The man refuses to show anyone his greatsword in the store, no matter how many times you beg him. Trust me, I would know...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 07.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' But let's not get ahead of ourselves here, I still don't think I can trust you! Unless... unless you show me your greatsword, and also your Vision!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, so that's what you're really after.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 08.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Th&mdash;That's not true! No greatsword can outshine the mighty Dugu Longsword! And one day... I'm gonna get my Geo Vision! So... I'm not jealous! Who said anything about being jealous? Hmph!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The cat is out of the bag... *sigh* Alright then, if you insist...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Um... Please be careful with them. Don't hurt yourself.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 09.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' You... You're really gonna let me have a look? Wow, you're so nice!
:{{Black Screen|Dugu Shuo carefully studies Noelle's weapon and Vision...}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 10.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Wow... That glow, it really is a Geo Vision... And this sword is so heavy... I can't hold it...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 11.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Ugh... It's not fair. If only I were a bit bigger...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Be patient. You'll get there.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Besides, I'm sure your dream will come true one day.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 12.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Uh... hmph. It's clear to me now. You bear a Geo Vision... You wield a greatsword... You're a nice person from Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 13.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' ...You must be a fabled Knight of Favonius!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 14.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Hmph! I must accept that the Knights of Favonius of Mondstadt live up to their name... But I shall not concede defeat!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 dugushuo 15.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' As surely as the hills are green and the rivers flow into the sea... our paths will cross again!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wait... I...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ohh, he's gone... I do hope there are no further misunderstandings today.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Children in Liyue have these dreams too. I never would have thought...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' When I was little, the other Mondstadt kids and I always used to imagine what kind of Visions we would have when we grew up... I hope that, someday, this boy's dreams will come true, too...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Anyway, what's next? Should we visit Liyue's harbor, or take a short break?
:{{DIcon}} The harbor. We may learn something from the Millelith.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, there does seem to be a large number of Millelith stationed at the harbor. It would be great if I can learn something from them.
:;(Proceed to [[While the Millelith Stands Guard]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's head to Third-Round Knockout, then keep exploring.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908203 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, if we plan to explore further, let's take a short break first.
:;(Proceed to [[A Knight's Journey Through Liyue]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Journey to Liyue
|zhs     = 璃月之行
|zhs_rm  = Líyuè zhī Xíng
|zht     = 璃月之行
|zht_rm  = Líyuè zhī Xíng
|zh_tl   = Journey in Liyue
|ja      = 璃月の旅
|ja_rm   = Riiywe no Tabi
|ja_tl   = Liyue Journey
|ko      = 리월행
|ko_tl   = Journey to Liyue
|es      = Viaje a Liyue
|es_tl   = Journey to Liyue
|fr      = Voyage à Liyue
|fr_tl   = Journey to Liyue
|ru      = Путешествие в Ли Юэ
|ru_tl   = Journey to Liyue
|th      = การเดินทางแห่ง Liyue
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Liyue Journey
|vi      = Hành trình Liyue
|vi_tl   = Liyue Journey
|de      = Eine Reise durch Liyue
|de_tl   = A Trip Through Liyue
|id      = Perjalanan ke Liyue
|id_tl   = Journey to Liyue
|pt      = Jornada à Liyue
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Liyue'ye Bir Yolculuk
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = In viaggio per Liyue
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}