{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5024
|image         = Archon Quest Journey of Stars and Flames.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = Incandescent Ode of Resurrection
|actNum        = V
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Acatl; Ajaw; Amina; Atea; Atoco; Biram; Bona; Chasca; Chuychu; Citlali; Cocouik; Coya; Guthred; Hine; Iansan; Kachina; Kinich; Kongamato<!-- As Mountain King-->; Little One; Mallko; Mavuika; Mualani; Mutota; Nechca; Nepecha; Nuu; Ororon; Otaska; Pacal; Paimon; Rayen; Sakowew; Tantoo; Traveler; Vichama; Wayna; Xilonen; Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night
|startLocation = [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = As the Sun Rises and Sets
|next          = Where All Hopes Lie
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,425;Mora*62,225;Hero's Wit*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*11
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Journey of Stars and Flames|chapter=5|act=5|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later (08:00 &ndash; 14:00)
# Go to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]]
#* Enter Quest Domain: [[On the Path to War]]
# Listen to [[Mavuika]]'s speech
# Head to the [[Night Kingdom]]
# Talk to Mavuika once you're ready
#* Chat with your friends gathered here (optional)
# Defeat opponents and explore up ahead<!-- Switch to Mavuika POV here -->
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Koholasaurus*1/Abyss version;Tepetlisaurus*1/Abyss version}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Koholasaurus*1/Abyss version;Yumkasaurus*1/Abyss version}}
#* Wave 3: 
#** {{Enemy|Abyss Herald: Frost Fall|text=Emissary of Frigid Blades}}<ref group="Note">May have one of 10 names: Ariowaldus, Francobert, Geilamir, Giselhardt, Graobert, Haidrich, Heimwart, Ingemar, Kunnwulf, or Wynfled.</ref>
# Explore up ahead
# Defeat all opponents<!-- Switch back to Traveler POV here -->
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound*1;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound*1;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*1}}
# Continue exploring
# Defeat all opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Tenebrous Mimesis: Tepetlisaurus*1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Tenebrous Mimesis: Koholasaurus*1;Tenebrous Mimesis: Yumkasaurus*1}}
# Talk to [[Bona]] (if ''[[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]]'' has been completed)
# Continue exploring
# Defeat all opponents
#* {{Enemy|Tenebrous Mimesis - Secret Source Automaton: Hunter-Seeker|text=Tenebrous Mimiflora &mdash; Void Obliterator Bubble}}<!-- Special Void Ward; may have non-standard stats, etc. -->
# Explore to find a way forward
# Go further in
# Try to continue onward
# Follow the guidance to reach the destination

==Gameplay Notes==
* If the player leaves the Quest Domain, they can re-enter by selecting "Respond to the Ley Lines' summons" at the center of the Stadium.
* The difficulty of the Quest Domain can be decreased by selecting "Lower Difficulty" in the options menu after clicking the "Leave Domain" icon.<!-- What exactly does this do? -->
* Completing step 4 grants the {{Achievement|The War to End War}}.
* During steps 6–7, the active party will be limited to a Trial [[Mavuika]].
* During step 8, the following NPCs join the fight as allies:
** Confirmed:
*** [[Atea]] ([[Flowing Blade Skirmisher]])
** Speculated (based on matching appearance and context clues):
*** [[Dargo]] ([[Flowing Blade Grease-Saw]])<!-- Note the face scar; ally during "The Surging Darkness" -->
*** [[Andinet]] ([[Swiftstep Seeker]])<!-- Ally during "The Surging Darkness" -->
*** [[Wayta]] (Swiftstep Seeker)<!-- Ally during "The Surging Darkness," confirmed dead by "Record Penned by All" -->
*** [[Tepoz]] ([[Spiritspeaker Warrior: Contemplator]])<!-- Ally during "The Surging Darkness" -->
* During steps 9–13, the following NPCs participate as allies:
** [[Vichama]] ([[Swiftstep Armed Courier]])
** [[Bona]] ([[Winged Warrior: Feathershedder]]) <small>(if ''[[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]]'' has been completed)</small>
** [[Cocouik]]'s [[Tutorial/"Cocouik"'s Rings of Light|Ring of Light]] will also be active <small>(if ''Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm'' has been completed)</small>
* During steps 14–16, the active party will be limited to the [[Traveler]].
* During step 15, the [[Saurian Indwelling|indwelled]] Saurians' [[Phlogiston]] meters will not decrease, and their HP will not decrease past 1 HP.
* [[Exquisite Chest]]s will be unlocked after defeating the enemies in steps 8 and 13.
* After completing this quest, the next quest will automatically start. The player will remain within the Quest Domain [[On the Path to War]].
<!--* During step 8, {{Tx}} join the fight as allies.-->

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 5, 8, 9
|character_name          = Mavuika

<!-- WL 5 Stats -->
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_name5            = Earth Shaker
|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8

|hp5                     = 20,384
|atk5                    = 2,703
|def5                    = 734
|em5                     = 42
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 120.7%
|er5                     = 135.0%
|pyro_dmg5               = 0%

<!-- WL 8 Stats -->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Earth Shaker
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Reckoning of the Xenogenic
|artifact_feather8       = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|artifact_sands8         = Myths of the Night Realm
|artifact_goblet8        = Pre-Banquet of the Contenders
|artifact_circlet8       = Crown of the Saints
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Obsidian Codex
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 10
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 10
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 13

|hp8                     = 20,532
|atk8                    = 2,170
|def8                    = 937
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 26.0%
|crit_dmg8               = 192.5%
|er8                     = 135.0%
|pyro_dmg8               = 46.6%

<!-- WL 9 Stats -->
|character_level9        = 90
|constellation9          = 3

|weapon_name9            = Earth Shaker
|weapon_level9           = 90
|refinement9             = 3

|artifact_flower9        = Reckoning of the Xenogenic
|artifact_feather9       = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|artifact_sands9         = Myths of the Night Realm
|artifact_goblet9        = Pre-Banquet of the Contenders
|artifact_circlet9       = Crown of the Saints
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Obsidian Codex
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 10
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 10
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 13

|hp9                     = 20,532
|atk9                    = 2,170
|def9                    = 937
|em9                     = 105
|crit_rate9              = 26.0%
|crit_dmg9               = 192.5%
|er9                     = 135.0%
|pyro_dmg9               = 46.6%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The final battle with the [[Abyss]] is at hand. You have the support of all in Natlan, and they will do so in various ways. Once you are ready, journey forth to the last battleground.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The day of the final battle is here... Time to go to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can do it, {{Traveler}}!

;(Enter the [[On the Path to War|domain]])
:{{A|vo ntaq301 34 atoco 01.ogg}} '''Atoco:''' The Pyro Archon is waiting for you inside.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 34 rayen 01.ogg}} '''Rayen:''' The [[Sacred Flame]] is even brighter than usual.

;(Approach the stadium)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 34 sakowew 01.ogg}} '''Sakowew:''' I don't think I'll ever forget this day.

;(Idles while approaching the center of the stadium)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The day has finally come.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Shh...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{MC|m=He|f=She}}'s here. 
:{{DIcon|Idle}} After thousands of years, this war will finally end...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I believe in the Pyro Archon and the...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Can we win?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} You can do it, Traveler!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} We're counting on you.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Bring down the Abyss...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} This feels like a dream...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'm so nervous
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Is {{MC|m=he|f=she}} looking this way?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hero from afar&mdash;
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{A|vo ntaq301 34 tantoo 01.ogg}} On behalf of all who never lived to see this moment...

;(Approach the center of the stadium)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, you're here.
:{{DIcon}} Mavuika...
:{{DIcon}} Sorry to keep you waiting.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Judging by the confident look on your face, I assume your [[Ancient Name|ancient name]] is complete?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, it's good to go! [[Xilonen]] specifically reminded us to show it to you!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' "{{Rubi|Tumaini|Hope}}"... Yes, that fits you perfectly.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 atoco 01.ogg}} '''Atoco:''' Is that... an ancient name?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 rayen 01.ogg}} '''Rayen:''' I heard this is the first time we've forged an ancient name for an outlander. Seems like it was a success... What's engraved on it?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Looks like my people are just as curious about this name. {{Traveler}}, Paimon, join me over here.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon join Mavuika by her seat overlooking the Stadium)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' As you can see, I am holding {{Traveler}}'s ancient name.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 06b.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' With this name, the [[Wayob]] entrust to {{MC|m=him|f=her}} a monumental task, and this land binds us as kin.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 07b.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' "{{Rubi|Tumaini|Hope}}"... That is {{MC|m=his|f=her}} name. Like starlight amid the darkness, flames amid the cold &mdash; it means "hope."
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 sakowew 01.ogg}} '''Sakowew:''' "{{Rubi|Tumaini|Hope}}"...!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 tantoo 01.ogg}} '''Tantoo:''' Hope... After all these endless years of fighting, we've finally found it, haven't we...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Ever since the invasion of the Abyss and the decline of the [[Ley Line]]s, the [[Ode of Resurrection]] has protected us for thousands of years.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' For generations we have lived on this land, following in the footsteps of our forebears, taking their place on the frontlines.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We all carry that struggle with us. And now, thanks to your efforts, the end is in sight &mdash; we have a chance to defeat the Abyss once and for all.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This glory is one we share &mdash; it belongs to all of Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 passera 01.ogg}} '''Otaska:''' For Natlan!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 together 01.ogg}} '''Everyone Together:''' For Natlan!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Our suffering will not soon be forgotten, but there will come a day when we can proudly declare to our progeny that this war is won!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' For our fallen heroes, our lifelong comrades, and all who forged the path ahead through trial and tribulation. For our homeland...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We will claim victory! In Natlan, no one fights alone!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 together 02.ogg}} '''Everyone Together:''' No one fights alone!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 35 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' To battle!
:;(Mavuika brings the Traveler into the Night Kingdom)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We're here. I'm sure you're familiar with the sight of the Night Kingdom by now.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The corrosion here is relatively mild, so this is our last pit stop.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Once we set off, we must destroy our final enemy as soon as possible. Otherwise, no amount of resistance to Abyssal corrosion will save us from contamination.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, there's no turning back after this, huh...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon? What are you doing here?
:{{DIcon}} You look... different.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After you left, Paimon started to be able to see this place. It's a mystery to Paimon, too...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 littleguy 01.ogg}} '''{{Little One}}:''' Roar!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The Sacred Flame is connecting us. The moment it sent us here, it made sure your consciousness could reach us.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Still, you can go no further. The Abyss also has the power to corrupt the mind, so once we venture deeper, it must be alone.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But, while we're still here, I believe some of your friends may wish to say a few words.
:{{DIcon}} We don't have much time, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' True, but there's time enough to say goodbye.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 1 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Come find me when you're ready to set off. I'll explain the next step of the plan.
----
;(Talk to [[Pacal]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 2 pacal 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 8 pacal 01.ogg}}--> '''Pacal:''' You're about to set off, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 2 pacal 02.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 8 pacal 01.ogg}}--> '''Pacal:''' Your bravery is like an echo through the valley, calling on us to respond in kind. The [[Children of Echoes]] offer you our blessing.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 2 kachina 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 8 kachina 01.ogg}}--> '''Kachina:''' Everyone is waiting for you back at the Stadium! We'll be cheering the whole time!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 2 xilonen 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 8 xilonen 01.ogg}}--> '''Xilonen:''' The Abyss is powerful, but there's no reason to fear. We've defeated it before, and you can do it again.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[Melodious Chant]]'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 2 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Go now and forge a new future for Natlan.
;(If the player has completed ''Melodious Chant'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, and I brought [[Nepecha]] with me. She really wanted to see you.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 nepaca 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq302 8 nepaca 01b.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Hello, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 nepaca 02.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Not too long ago, you and Xilonen saved me, and helped me recover my real name.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 nepaca 03.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' And now, you're going somewhere super dangerous in the name of everyone in Natlan...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 kachina 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq302 8 kachina 02b.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah, {{MC|m=he's|f=she's}} amazing!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 nepaca 04.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Xilonen says a name is like a blessing, so I wanna give you my blessing, too.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 nepaca 05.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' But, um, I don't know any fancy words, so... Just be safe, and come visit us soon!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 nepaca 06.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' We can celebrate your birthday next time!
::{{DIcon}} Sounds good to me!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, then it's a promise!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That's right &mdash; a promise to meet again in the future.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Our tribe is always open to you. Whenever you choose to return, we'll welcome you back with a huge feast of barbecue and wine.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 8 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I have no doubt that victory will be ours.

;(Talk to Xilonen, optional)<!-- only available after talking to Pacal -->
:;(If the player has not completed ''Melodious Chant'')
:::{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Go now and forge a new future for Natlan.
:;(If the player has completed ''Melodious Chant'')
:::{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I have no doubt that victory will be ours.

;(Talk to [[Wayna]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 3 wayna 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 9 wayna 01.ogg}}--> '''Wayna:''' On behalf of the [[Scions of the Canopy]], I offer you our blessing.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 3 kinich 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 9 kinich 01.ogg}}--> '''Kinich:''' The name of "[[Turnfire]]" teaches us that everything comes at a price. We've offered generations of blood and tears to this war, and now, it's time to collect.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[Kinich's Deal]]'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 3 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The Abyss must pay for what it has done.
;(If the player has completed ''Kinich's Deal'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' We're all counting on you to take revenge, including the [[Kongamato|Mountain King]].
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 mountain king 01.ogg}} '''Kongamato:''' During the Turnfire Night, I once said... "May the will of Kongamato... march ever on, until the Abyss is stamped out."
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 mountain king 02.ogg}} '''Kongamato:''' Recently, I saw him again in my dreams... my most trusted partner, [[Burkina]].
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 mountain king 03.ogg}} '''Kongamato:''' He believed this would be the battle to end all battles and implored me to lend my support to the hero of this era.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 mountain king 04.ogg}} '''Kongamato:''' As expected, traveler from afar, that hero is you.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 mountain king 05.ogg}} '''Kongamato:''' From the first time we met, I sensed something special. You remind me of someone... [[Tenoch|the one]] who moved Burkina to their side...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 mountain king 06.ogg}} '''Kongamato:''' I firmly believe you will defeat the forces of darkness. That miracle belongs to this era.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 9 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' We will answer to the fire for all our deeds, and so shall the Abyss answer for its crimes.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 3 kinich 03.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 9 kinich 04.ogg}}--> '''Kinich:''' Oh, and [[Ajaw]] has something to say.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 3 ajaw 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 9 ajaw 01.ogg}}--> '''Ajaw:''' Although you are but lowly servants, you have brought us much amusement.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 3 ajaw 02.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 9 ajaw 02.ogg}}--> '''Ajaw:''' We desire that entertainment to continue. If this is where you meet your end, it would be a great disappointment.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 3 ajaw 03.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 9 ajaw 03.ogg}}--> '''Ajaw:''' We would get over it, of course. But, if you do die, just go without regrets.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 3 kinich 04.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 9 kinich 05.ogg}}--> '''Kinich:''' That's the nicest send off you're going to get out of Ajaw.

;(Talk to [[Kinich]], optional)<!-- only available after talking to Wayna -->
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 kinich 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 kinich 02.ogg}}--> '''Kinich:''' Everything has a price, and the Abyss must pay for what it has done.

;(Talk to [[Amina]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 4 amina 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 10 amina 01.ogg}}--> '''Amina:''' In this place where streams and waves converge, the [[People of the Springs]] gather to honor your bravery.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[Journey to the Mysterious Island]]'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 4 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I love the hot springs! I can't get enough of them.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 4 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I wanna go today, and tomorrow, and the day after that.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 4 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Just thinking about spending time there with you and all our friends makes me so happy!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 4 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' So, after the battle, let's go there together! Paimon included! Sound good?
::{{DIcon}} Sounds good!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 4 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' YES! I'm so excited!
;(If the player has completed ''Journey to the Mysterious Island'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Uncle [[Nuu]]'s here to see you off, too!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 nuu 01.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' You, young hero, are about to make history. Heh, my deeds are nothing compared to that.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 nuu 02.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' When our ancestors first set out on their adventure, they could never have known they were about to found a tribe that would last thousands of years into the future.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 nuu 03.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' When future generations look back on our accomplishment, they, too, will see our deeds for their greater significance.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 02b.ogg}}--> '''Mualani:''' Hey, why don't we record {{Traveler}}'s story on a stone tablet, just like the one on the mysterious island!
::{{DIcon}} No objections here.
:::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 03a 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Haha, great! I better get on it, or someone might beat me to it!
::{{DIcon}} Make sure you put it somewhere people can see it.
:::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 03b 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Of course! Front and center &mdash; just like the first chief!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Everyone in my tribe wants you to become one of Natlan's greatest heroes. Me too, obviously...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But, as your friend, there's something I want even more, and it's way simpler...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Once this is all over, I wanna go to the hotsprings together. Paimon included!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's what being friends is all about &mdash; quality time and good vibes!
::{{DIcon}} It's a promise!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 10 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'll hold you to it!

;(Talk to Mualani, optional)<!-- only available after talking to Amina -->
:;(If the player has not completed ''Journey to the Mysterious Island'')
:::{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't forget about our hot spring trip!
:;(If the player has completed ''Journey to the Mysterious Island'')
:::{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's what being friends is all about &mdash; quality time and good vibes!<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: "Don't forget about our hot spring trip! That's what being friends is all about &mdash; quality time and good vibes!"</ref>

;(Talk to [[Mutota]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 5 mutota 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 11 mutota 01.ogg}}--> '''Mutota:''' May the skies forever be clear and bright, and may we always be free to spread our wings and soar. For this wish, the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] gathers here today.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 5 chasca 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 01.ogg}}--> '''Chasca:''' War is a heavy burden. And still, we never stopped moving forward.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 5 chasca 02.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 02.ogg}}--> '''Chasca:''' Long-awaited peace is now within reach. You have the opportunity to set that future in motion.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[Guns and Wings]]'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 5 chasca 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' It's taken a lot to get to this point. I know it will not be in vain.
;(If the player has completed ''Guns and Wings'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I'll be rooting for you... Oh, and [[Coya]] heard about the battle, so she's here, too.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 coya 01.ogg}} '''Coya:''' Cheep...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 04.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' We both had to make a difficult choice about family. But, after our adventure together, we finally let go of our differences, and she came to understand my attachment to human society.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 05.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Within the tribe, I found new sources of love and happiness. Coya told me she would do anything to protect that.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 06.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' And I would do the same for her.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 07.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' The same goes for my human family... [[Chuychu]]'s father and mother.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 08.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Maybe my relationships seem like a mess to you... But, it's okay. I won't let any one of them fall by the wayside.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 09.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I will learn from everything we've been through and rise above the trials of fate to become a better version of myself.
::{{DIcon}} It's like you're becoming your own "peacemaker."
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 10.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Thank you, but beyond that...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 11 chasca 11.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I pledge to be someone you can lean on in all your future endeavors.

;(Talk to Chasca, optional)<!-- only available after talking to Mutota -->
:;(If the player has not completed ''Guns and Wings'')
:::{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 chasca 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' It's taken a lot to get to this point. I know it will not be in vain.
:;(If the player has completed ''Guns and Wings'')
:::{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 chasca 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Thank you for everything. I will always be ready to return the favor.

;(Talk to [[Biram]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 biram 01.ogg}} '''Biram:''' A revelation came to me in a dream, and I shared it with [[Masters of the Night-Wind|my tribe]] &mdash; you are the star that will shine through the mist.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 biram 02.ogg}} '''Biram:''' The spirits bless your journey.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' From this day forward, plants will sprout because of you, insects will take flight after you, and all will turn to your will.
:{{DIcon}} That seems like overkill...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I disagree. The land of Natlan nurtures life, but the Abyss knows only destruction.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Natlan is also a land of memories and legends.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I live longer than humans, and in all that time, I've learned what life and death mean to people.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The dead draw solace from the living, and the living push forward in honor of the dead.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' In life and death, we all leave marks on this world. We cannot let them be reduced to nothing.
:{{DIcon}} I feel the same way.
:{{DIcon}} That's why I am here.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yes... Thank you for joining this fight.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 6 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'll wait for your safe return.

;(Talk to [[Ororon]] or [[Citlali]], optional)<!-- only available after talking to Biram -->
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' We're all awaiting your safe return.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Thank you for joining this fight.

;(Talk to [[Acatl]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 acatl 01.ogg}} '''Acatl:''' At the end of the earth lies the primal flame. We have come from afar to offer you our land's blessing and the respect of the [[Collective of Plenty]].
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' True strength isn't gifted from the heavens. It culminates little by little from everything we do.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Natlan's history goes back thousands of years. Every person who calls this land home &mdash; past or present &mdash; has a hand in this opportunity.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Just like the Pyro Archon's concept of time &mdash; the past, the present, and the future exist at once. This moment is a convergence of all three.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 04.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I have full confidence in the outcome of this battle. Victory will belong to Natlan.
:{{DIcon}} You have my word.
:{{DIcon}} Your hard work will not be in vain.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 05.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Actually, I also have a more... personal request.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 06.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Once the war is over, come visit us in the Collective of Plenty, okay?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 acatl 02.ogg}} '''Acatl:''' Haha, that's right! Our tribe can't wait to meet you.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 07.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' [[Varesa]] and I will show you all our customs and fun activities.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 7 iansan 08.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I'll leave you in suspense for now. But, I promise you won't be disappointed!

;(Talk to [[Iansan]], optional)<!-- only available after talking to Acatl -->
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 iansan 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Varesa and I will show you our tribe's customs and fun activities. Don't miss out!
----
;(Talk to Mavuika)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Are you ready, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02a 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright. Before we face our final enemy together, we need to split up.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02a 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'm sure you remember the "[[Abyss Tumor]]s" from the previous battle. Eradicating them was critical to stopping the endless onslaught of monsters.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02a 3.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Our final enemy has a core that possesses similar qualities. It's hidden somewhere in the Night Kingdom.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02a 4.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Since I'm more familiar with this place, I will go find and destroy this core while you go straight to the enemy's lair. We can reconvene there.
::{{DIcon}} Understood.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02a 5.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, then it's time to act.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02a 6.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' All of Natlan is behind us. So let's gather our courage and march into the unknown without fear.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02a 7.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No one fights alone.
:;(Mavuika leaves)
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mavuika already left, so you should get moving. Oh, um, and Paimon should stop distracting you...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 paimon 01a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon still remembers her promise! She's gonna cheer you on with all her might!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 paimon 01a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's not some kid who's afraid of the dark. She's gonna be brave this time, so don't you worry!
::{{DIcon}} Wait for me, Paimon.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 paimon 01a 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Always!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 littleguy 01a 1.ogg}} '''{{Little One}}:''' Roar!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 paimon 01a 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're not in this alone &mdash; we'll be with you in spirit the whole time!
:{{DIcon}} I need a little longer.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 02b 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That's fine. It's best to move forward without regrets.

:{{Black Screen|By the time you set out, Mavuika has already made her way into a heavily contaminated part of the Night Kingdom...}}
:;(Control switches to Mavuika)

;(Approach the [[Spiritway]])
:;(Opens "Flamestriders and Spiritways" [[#Tutorials|Tutorial]])

;(Reach the end of the Spiritway)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 12 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Something feels... familiar.

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 01.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Hey, Sis! It's been a long time... This form is probably what [[Hine|I]] look like in your memories, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 02.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Actually, we already met in one of your dreams, didn't we? But... You never told anyone.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Out of all the awakened souls, I was surprised "you" were one of them. After all, it's been five hundred years.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 03.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Hehe, yeah. I'm sure my soul has been reborn many times by now. But, that doesn't mean "Hine" is gone.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 04.ogg}} '''Hine:''' If the past, present, and future exist at once, then it's only fair we get to meet again.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You're right.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It's too bad we don't have more time to talk.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 05.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Your plan is almost at the final stage, isn't it?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 06.ogg}} '''Hine:''' I knew it. When you set your mind to something, there's nothing you can't do, no matter how difficult.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 07.ogg}} '''Hine:''' I really wanted to help you in this era, but an ordinary person can't transcend time.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 08.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Back then, I said I'd come find you one day. But, I failed time and time again.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You didn't fail.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 09.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Wait, then, the paper frog I made... You got it?<ref group="Note">The paper frog and the architecture manual is a reference from [[Mavuika]]'s [[Mavuika/Gallery#Videos|Character Teaser - "Mavuika- A Light Through Time"]]</ref>
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Yes, and your architecture manual, as well. The family you left it with got it to me in one piece.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 10.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Haha, I'm so glad! Five hundred years is a long time... I was worried someone might toss it during a move or something.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No, they never forgot their debt to you. I learned a lot about you from them.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 11.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Sounds like I placed my trust in the right people.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 12.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Everything I wrote, though... It's probably outdated now, isn't it?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Yeah, I'd say so.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 13.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Oh, well! It's been a long time, and it's not like I was some innovative architect who left my mark on history.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 14.ogg}} '''Hine:''' But, I lived a really happy life. I dedicated my career to helping those without a home...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 15.ogg}} '''Hine:''' I didn't have time for love, or for myself, but I didn't care. There are so many things in this world that deserve to come first &mdash; that's what you taught me.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 16.ogg}} '''Hine:''' You never took time for yourself either, did you, Sis?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No, it wasn't necessary. Besides, I made my choice... And now, the end is near &mdash; be it the enemy's end, or my own.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In the end, the method you used to transcend time was much more than a simple paper frog.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You sent your love across time. So, let me say this, Hine &mdash; I will love you forever and always.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 17.ogg}} '''Hine:''' Hehe, I know that! [[Haumia|Mom]], Dad, and I... We feel the same way about you. We're family &mdash; that will never change!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, I need to head out. Another hero is waiting for me.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 18.ogg}} '''Hine:''' I believe in you, Sis!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 hine 19.ogg}} '''Hine:''' For Natlan!

:{{Black Screen|Meanwhile...}}
:;(Control switches to the Traveler)

;(Approach the Abyssal Pylon)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 atea 01.ogg}} '''Atea:''' Don't worry, we're here to help!
;(If the player has completed ''[[Melodious Chant]]'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 13 nechca 01.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' Souls, I call on your benevolence to heal our hero...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 atea 02.ogg}} '''Atea:''' The [[Abyssal Pylon]]s are being protected by some kind of power. They can't be destroyed right now.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 13 atea 03.ogg}} '''Atea:''' Taking care of these monsters first might give us an opening.

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 14 atea 01.ogg}}--> '''Atea:''' I didn't expect to see you again so soon.
;(If the player has completed ''Melodious Chant'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 01.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' Phew. I didn't know I could do that!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 02b.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' Hello, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}.
::{{DIcon}} Wait, you're...?
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 03.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' You remember [[Tlazolli]], right? She's my mom, and well... She did a lot of bad things.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 04.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' I saw her in a dream, and she spent the whole time apologizing to me. But, I didn't know what to say...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 05.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' [[Nepecha]], all those people who lost their memories... They're the ones who deserve apologies, not me.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 02.ogg}} '''Atea:''' Nechca told me all about what happened, and this was my advice...
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 03.ogg}} '''Atea:''' Even though we can't undo our mistakes, there will always be opportunities to make up for them.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 06.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' I had a good talk with my mom in that dream, and she agreed to lend me her power. That's how I was able to help you back there.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 07.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' My mom made a lot of terrible mistakes in the past. But, now... she's using her powers for good.
::{{DIcon}} It was a huge help.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 04.ogg}} '''Atea:''' You're a very talented person, Nechca. I'm sorry your life was cut so short.
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 08.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' It's okay. We still managed to do something important in this place!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 15 nechca 09.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' Good luck, {{Traveler}}! We're all counting on you!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 05.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 14 atea 02.ogg}}--> '''Atea:''' You can leave this place to us. When the monsters attack again, we'll fend them off.
:{{DIcon}} Mualani's in the square over there.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure she'd like to see you again.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 06.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 14 atea 03.ogg}}--> '''Atea:''' We got to see each other in a dream, and that's enough.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 07.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 14 atea 04.ogg}}--> '''Atea:''' The square makes it possible to connect the living to the Night Kingdom. If the Abyss starts to corrode that area, its forces could once again surge into the land above.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 08.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 14 atea 05.ogg}}--> '''Atea:''' It pains me, not being able to see Mualani again. But, if I can do something to protect Natlan, then that is the only choice.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 15 atea 09.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq302 14 atea 06.ogg}}--> '''Atea:''' Mualani will grow to surpass me as a warrior and accomplish greater feats than my own &mdash; I have no doubt.

;(Talk to Atea, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 atea 01.ogg}} '''Atea:''' We'll guard this place so that the Abyssal power doesn't spread.
;(If the player has completed ''Melodious Chant'')
::{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 nechca 01.ogg}} '''Nechca:''' Don't worry about us. Just keep going!

;(Enter the next room)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It seems like there's more to this mist than Abyssal power. It feels... suffocating.)

;(Approach the marker)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 vichama 01.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' It's you! I knew you would come.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 mallko 01.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' We meet again... Remember me? I'm [[Mallko]]. We met when you came to rescue Kachina. I could barely hold onto my human form back then.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 mallko 02.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' [[Vichama]] told me about the horrific battle on the surface. But now, the souls of the Night Kingdom have been revitalized.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 vichama 02.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' More importantly, after everything, we finally get to fight side by side again.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 vichama 03.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' It's all thanks to you and Citlali.
:{{DIcon}} Running into you here...
:{{DIcon}} Is a surprise for me, too.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 mallko 03.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' The path ahead has been heavily corroded by the Abyss. Navigation will be tricky. I can help illuminate your way, just like before.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 vichama 04.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' I'll take care of recon and combat. I was in a bad place when you met me, but I was a capable warrior back in the day.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 vichama 05.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' C'mon, follow me.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks. I appreciate it.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 together 01.ogg}} '''Mallko & Vichama:''' Of course!

;(Explore with Vichama and Mallko)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 mallko 04.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' It's dangerous out there, so stay close.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 mallko 05.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' More monsters! Leave them to me!
;(If the player has completed ''[[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]]'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 16 cocouik 01.ogg}} '''"Cocouik":''' Cheep, cheep&mdash;
::{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 01.ogg}} '''Bona:''' Yesss! [[Coco]], we made it!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 02.ogg}} '''Bona:''' C'mon, time to teach them a lesson! We're the [[Flower-Feather Clan]]'s top adventurers! Let's show 'em what we're made of!

;(After defeating the enemies, if the player has completed ''Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm'')
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 03.ogg}} '''Bona:''' Wow, you're as strong as ever.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 cocouik 02.ogg}} '''"Cocouik":''' Cheep!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 vichama 07.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Oh, who are these two?
:{{DIcon}} [[Bona|An amazing adventurer]] and her companion.
:{{DIcon}} My good friends.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 04.ogg}} '''Bona:''' Hehe, you said it, not me. Everyone here is amazing, so of course that includes me and Coco.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 05.ogg}} '''Bona:''' We all have our own journey, and we need to see it through to the end. Not all adventurers go down in history...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 06.ogg}} '''Bona:''' But, right now, it's safe to say we're doing something extremely important.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 cocouik 03.ogg}} '''"Cocouik":''' Cheep!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 mallko 06.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' Definitely!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 07.ogg}} '''Bona:''' Then, let's go. We're all with you!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 bona 08.ogg}} '''Bona:''' I know your guide fairy and {{Little One}} couldn't join you here, but I'm sure they're still with you in spirit!

;(While fighting the Tenebrous Mimiflora)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 mallko 07.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' So strong... The power of the Abyss is protecting it. It's almost impenetrable!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 guthred 01.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Leave it to me.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 guthred 02.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Time for the Abyss to face its reckoning!
:;(Guthred casts a {{Cryo}} attack that rapidly dispels the the Mimiflora's [[Void Ward]])

;(After defeating the Tenebrous Mimiflora)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 vichama 01.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' That was amazing... Judging by your clothes, you're not from Natlan, are you?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 mallko 01.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' I've never seen a soul like you in the Night Kingdom.
;(If the player has completed ''Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 17 bona 01.ogg}} '''Bona:''' But, the Night Kingdom doesn't accept outlanders... right?
::{{A|vo ntaq302 17 cocouik 01.ogg}} '''"Cocouik":''' Croo...
:{{DIcon}} You're...
:{{DIcon}} [[Guthred]].
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 01.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Yes... Although, rather than a soul, it would be more accurate to say that I'm a "story" created by the people of Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 02.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' I was [[Capitano|his]] most trusted second-in-command. Five hundred years ago, we fought against the Abyss together, and I sacrificed myself during battle.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 03.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' The shamans of the Masters of the Night-Wind recorded my story on a woven scroll. Even now, many in Natlan know my name.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 vichama 02.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' So, you're him, but also not him?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 04.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' That's right. What you see is the "me" from the story. I was remembered as a glorious hero, even though the truth is quite the opposite.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 05.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' It was in fragmented memories of my life that I finally began to understand the real "me."
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 06.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Unlike my righteous and noble commander, I was obsessive and cruel, an approach I believed to be more efficient. Our differences caused many an argument between us.
:{{DIcon}} No wonder you were ready to...
:{{DIcon}} ...sacrifice Ororon.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 mallko 02.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' Y&mdash;You tried to... sacrifice someone?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 07.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' ..."I" will stop at nothing to protect my commander's interests.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 08.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' The most idealistic and righteous among us are the most fragile, so I must protect his edge. A strong hand is required to stand against a strong foe.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 09.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' That is what "the glory of [[Khaenri'ah]]" means to me.
:{{DIcon}} So, you still believe in him?
:{{DIcon}} Even though he's a stranger to you now.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 10.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' I do.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 11.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' I have my reasons, as do all who believe in something. You will understand that soon enough.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 12.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Due to the limitations of the Ley Lines, we can go no further. The enemy's lair is close at hand.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 vichama 03.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' But don't worry &mdash; all the souls of the Night Kingdom will lend you their aid.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 mallko 03.ogg}} '''Mallko:''' You will become the hero of a new era.
;(If the player has completed ''[[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]]'')
::{{A|vo ntaq302 17 bona 02.ogg}} '''Bona:''' You're a special one, Traveler! You've proved that again just now!
::{{A|vo ntaq302 17 cocouik 02.ogg}} '''Och-Kan:''' (The light will continue to guide your way through the endless darkness.)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 13.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Go now. For Natlan &mdash; and for all who lost their lives to the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 17 guthred 14.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' This time, we shall prevail, not for any single nation or faction, but for us all.
:;(The souls disappear)

;(Enter the next room)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I didn't expect the situation here to be so chaotic... Is it because of the damage to the Ley Lines?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The road has collapsed, but the structure above seems intact... That looks like the way forward.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Still, how do I get over there?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Huh? That sound, it's&mdash;)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 01.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}! It's me! [[Chuychu]]!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 02.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Need some help? Doctors can be really handy in an emergency, hehe.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 03.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' With your special powers, you should be able to make it through this place.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 04.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Go, now. Go!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 05.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Huh? What was that? I felt shaking all of a sudden...
:{{DIcon}} Could it be...
:{{DIcon}} That Mavuika's wrapped up everything on her end?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 06.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Ooh, I was wondering where she went.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 07.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Well, that just means we've got even less time to waste! I never liked causing trouble, and I definitely don't want to be the one who holds up the Pyro Archon's plan.
:{{DIcon}} Chuychu...
:{{DIcon}} You went to see Chasca, didn't you?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 08.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' ...Yeah.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 09.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' I'm really glad she fulfilled her mission. She seemed a lot more... mature than before.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 10.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' All those years of worrying, but... better late than never, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 11.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Anyway, that was enough for me. I won't show up in her dreams anymore.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 12.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Back to the natural order of things &mdash; worrying is supposed to be the older sister's job.
:{{DIcon}} You're really strong, Chuychu.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 13.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Alright, enough about that. All we can do is accept the past and continue to look forward.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 14.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' I would say our nation's future is looking very bright.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 18 chuychu 15.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Go now, {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to Chuychu, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 chuychu 01.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' I would say our nation's future is looking very bright.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq302 chuychu 02.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' Go now, {{Traveler}}.

;(Hint shown when near the Iktomisaur)
::If you [[Saurian Indwelling|indwell]] an Iktomisaurus, perhaps you can use their special [[Elemental Sight#Special Elemental Sight|Elemental Sight]] to find a way through...

;(Approach the statues)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Thanks to Chuychu, I should be able to make it through this place with the [[Iktomisaur]].)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (This statue seems strange... I should use the Iktomisaur to take a closer look.)

;(While flying using the [[Qucusaur]])
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Here comes an attack... Gotta focus.)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 19 chuychu 01.ogg}} '''Chuychu:''' YOU CAN DO THIS!

;(Enter the next room)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 menilek 01.ogg}} '''Menilek:''' [[Menilek|I]] embrace...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 sundjatta 01.ogg}} '''Sundjatta:''' [[Sundjatta|I]] trust...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 sanhaj 01.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' [[Sanhaj|I]] acknowledge...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 wanjiru 01.ogg}} '''Wanjiru:''' [[Wanjiru|I]] welcome...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 burkina 01.ogg}} '''Burkina:''' [[Burkina|I]] follow...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 tupac 01.ogg}} '''Tupac:''' [[Tupac|I]] walk with...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 together 01.ogg}} '''All Together:''' [[Tenoch]], the one and many.

;(Take the bridge ahead)
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 nightmare 01.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin:''' Let [[Yohualtecuhtin|my]] [[Seelie|people]] light up your path.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 nightmare 02.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin:''' Mavuika is just up ahead.
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 nightmare 03.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin:''' Now, go and bring forth a miracle reserved for the divine...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 20 nightmare 04.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin:''' You, the kindling we know as "humanity."
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 cocouik 04.ogg}} '''"Cocouik":''' Groo... Groo...
:{{A|vo ntaq302 16 vichama 06.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' I got your back!
:{{A|vo ntaq302 19 flamingo 01.ogg}} '''Flamingo:''' Cheep...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorials==
{{Tutorial|Flamestriders and Spiritways}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Journey of Stars and Flames
|zhs      = 星与火的征途
|zhs_rm   = Xīng yú Huǒ de Zhēngtú
|zht      = 星與火的征途
|zht_rm   = Xīng yú Huǒ de Zhēngtú
|zh_tl    = Journey of Stars and Fire
|ja       = 星と炎の旅路
|ja_rm    = Hoshi to Honoo no Tabiji
|ja_tl    = Journey of Stars and Flames
|ko       = 별과 불의 여정
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El periplo del fuego y las estrellas
|es_tl    = The Journey of Fire and Stars
|fr       = Voyage des étoiles et des flammes
|fr_tl    = Journey of Stars and Flames
|ru       = Путешествие звёзд и огней
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เส้นทางแห่งดวงดาวและเปลวเพลิง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cuộc Chinh Phạt Của Ngôi Sao Và Lửa Đỏ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine Reise zwischen Sternen und Feuer
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Perjalanan Bintang dan Api
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Jornada das Estrelas e Chamas
|pt_tl    = Journey of Stars and Flames
|tr       = Yıldızların ve Alevlerin Yolculuğu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Viaggio tra fiamme e stelle
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}