{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Julie.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Mondstadt
|location         = Inazuma
|location2        = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Gourmet Supremos
|affiliation2     = Adventurers' Guild
|title            = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Julie''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] located in [[Inazuma]].

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Julie is part of the [[Gourmet Supremos]]. She met [[Xudong]] and [[Parvaneh]] when the two were traveling together and were ambushed by monsters. She saved them from the monsters and joined the group sometime after. The group soon met the [[Traveler]] in Inazuma, where they helped provide the group with special ingredients.

After a chance encounter with [[Kamei Munehisa]], Julie believed that he was a good person at heart and tried to bring him some [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]]s. However, she spotted him confronting some ronin and tried to leave, but was spotted by them, and attacked Kamei under the assumption that he was trying to kill them. Julie was then ambushed by monsters, but could not fend them off as she had not eaten. The Traveler intervened, saving the two.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Julie has short light brown hair and green eyes. She carries a beige rucksack filled with leeks. Onion and garlic bulbs hangs by a rope tied to the side of the bag. She wears the standard female uniform of the Adventurers' Guild. The uniform consists of three layers of clothing (a white short-sleeve dress with a front cut-off, a green cape collar with a ruffled trim and a triangular back flap, and a green panel skirt with slits and a red bow at the back), a short red neckerchief, brown socks and laced high leather boots. The Adventurers' Guild logo, an eight-pointed star, is printed on the right and back flaps of the collar.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*{{w|Julie (given name)|Julie}} and {{w|Julia}} (from Classical Latin "Iulia") are common given names in European languages, and therefore it is hard to say whom she is based on. However, considering she is from Mondstadt (which is inspired by Germany) and belongs to a group of gourmets, her name is possibly an homage to {{w|Julia Komp}} (1989–present), who in 2016 became the youngest German female chef to win a Michelin star.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Julie
|zhs     = 朱莉
|zhs_rm  = Zhūlì
|zht     = 朱莉
|zht_rm  = Zhūlì
|ja      = ジュリー
|ja_rm   = Jurii
|ko      = 줄리
|ko_rm   = Julli
|es      = Julie
|fr      = Julie
|ru      = Джули
|th      = Julie
|vi      = Julie
|de      = Julie
|id      = Julie
|pt      = Julie
|tr      = Julie
|it      = Julie
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Julie]]