{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71530
|image         = Event Quest Just Wushou Dance.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze
|requirement   = 
* Completion of Step 4 <!-- "Follow the instructions to find Gaming" --> of [[The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices (Quest)|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Xiaqing
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze/Joyful Beasts and Their Auspices|Joyful Beasts and Their Auspices]] subevent.
}}
'''''Just Wushou Dance!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Xiaqing

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During the Lantern Rite Festival, you and Paimon run into Gaming and another friend practicing the Wushou Dance together. He has prepared an endlessly fascinating event, and is waiting for guests to come and experience it...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Xiaqing)
:'''Xiaqing:''' Yo, Happy Lantern Rite, {{MC|m=my dude and dudette|f=dudettes}}!
:'''Xiaqing:''' Say, you two wouldn't happen to be the bigshots who came looking for Gaming, would you?
:'''Paimon:''' We saw you before! You were hanging out with Gaming, right?
:'''Xiaqing:''' Totally! Hot diggity, you remember me! My luck's on fire!
:'''Xiaqing:''' I heard you two are the best of the best, and there ain't nothing you can't do! I pop on over to Chihu Rock to buy groceries every day, and even though it's so close by, I still always hear people singing your praises along the way.
:{{DIcon}} That's right, we're the cream of the crop!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's the best at eating, ain't nothing she can't swallow!
:'''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Hey! Paimon's good at stuff besides eating, too!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, let Paimon think for a moment... What else is she good at...
:'''Xiaqing:''' I've got it! Can ordinary people float? You're so white and light and fluffy, like a pigeon adeptus!
:'''Xiaqing:''' Flying alone is amazing. I mean, it should be super easy to carry stuff, and makes work a cinch! You should help your friend more.
:{{DIcon}} Gasp! You're the Pigeon Adeptus, Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} Here comes another strange nickname for Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's just ignore whether it's even possible for a pigeon to turn into an adeptus for now. Paimon just wants to point out that she's always been helping {{Traveler}}!
:'''Paimon:''' For example, if {{Traveler}} falls from a really high place, Paimon will grab onto {{MC|m=him|f=her}} and make sure the fall isn't too painful...
:'''Paimon:''' Even though Paimon's not strong enough to actually do much lifting... If Paimon really was a Pigeon Adeptus, she'd give {{Traveler}} a boost while {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s using the wind glider and help {{MC|m=him|f=her}} fly higher and farther!
:'''Xiaqing:''' You two gotta practice more! Just like when I practice Wushou with Gaming. The more you practice, the better you'll work together! Rapport ain't easy to build.
:'''Xiaqing:''' It just so happens I've created a fresh new game, hot off the press! It's called "Just Wushou Dance!" Wanna have a go?
:'''Xiaqing:''' Not only can you work on your teamwork, you can learn all about Wushou Dance!
:'''Paimon:''' "Just Wushou Dance!"? You wouldn't happen to be talking about that big ol' doll next to you, right?
:'''Xiaqing:''' Bingo!
:'''Xiaqing:''' Authentic Wushou Dance is downright devilish to learn! Even if you've got a pro showing you the ropes, you won't be able to stick with it unless you love it and have got the perseverance to match.
:'''Xiaqing:''' So, I changed the rules for one style of Wushou Dance, switched out some props, and boom! This game was born.
:'''Xiaqing:''' And it's also Lantern Rite now, yeah? Perfect for helping everyone enjoy themselves, and work up an appetite or work off the extra calories!
:'''Xiaqing:''' Just put on your dancing shoes... well, the dancing outfit, and see who can grab the most teabricks! You can dance and bump all over the shop, it's a hoot and a half!
:'''Paimon:''' It sure sounds fun, but Paimon doesn't think she's strong enough to wear such a big outfit and play with other people...
:'''Paimon:''' But {{Traveler}} is really good at games like this! Paimon'll watch and learn from the sidelines first.
:{{DIcon}} Bring it! I'm the dancing {{MC|m=king|f=queen}}!
:{{DIcon}} Tea-riffic! Those Teacakes will be a piece of cake!
:'''Xiaqing:''' Huh? Pigeon Adeptus, will you not personally participate? A pity...
:'''Paimon:''' Aw, it's not a problem! {{Traveler}} and Paimon will be traveling together for a long time to come! We'll have plenty of chances to level up our teamwork!
:'''Paimon:''' Also, who's to say Paimon won't learn a bunch about working with {{Traveler}} just from watching?
:'''Xiaqing:''' Haha! You two are so close, I'm starting to get a bit jelly!
:'''Xiaqing:''' Then please, right this way! Let the {{MC|m=dude|f=dudette}} of legendary deeds step right up and "Just Wushou Dance!" Pigeon Adeptus, you just sit back and enjoy the show!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* English name of the quest could be a reference to the Ubisoft rhythm game series {{w|Just Dance (video game series)|Just Dance}}.
** French name is a reference to Stromae's song "{{w|Alors on danse}}."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Just Wushou Dance!
|zhs     = 碰碰舞兽戏！
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 碰碰舞獸戲！
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ドッシン獣舞劇！
|ja_rm   = Dosshin Juubugeki!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 둥둥 짐승춤!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡Danza de choque!
|es_tl   = Shock Dance!
|fr      = Alors on danse (de wushou) !
|fr_tl   = And So We (Wushou) Dance!
|ru      = Просто танцуй Ушоу!
|ru_tl   = Just Wushou Dance!
|th      = วูซูเท้าไฟ!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cùng Múa Thú!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wushou-Praller-Spiel!
|de_tl   = Wushou Bumper Game!
|id      = Bom Bom Shou!
|id_tl   = Boom Boom Shou!
|id_note = Bom Bom Shou is a portmanteau of "Bom Bom Car", which {{w|Bumper Cars}} are commonly known as in Indonesia, and "Wushou."
|pt      = Wushou Comigo!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Wushou Dansına Var Mısın?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vai col Wushou!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[pt-br:Wushou Comigo!]]
[[ru:Просто танцуй Ушоу!]]