{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12000
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Fabulae Textile Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Bookworm Swordsman
|character     = Xingqiu
|description   = You and Paimon are looking to purchase a copy of the Liyue volume of the [[Teyvat Travel Guide]] in Liyue Harbor, intending to use it to visit various places of note throughout the region.
|requirement   = Complete [[Troublesome Work]] and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = Know Thyself, Know Thy Enemy
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 19,800
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Chang the Ninth;Changhu;Jifang;Paimon;Traveler;Xingqiu
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Justice, for Books' Sake''' is the first part of [[Xingqiu]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Fabulae Textile Chapter]]: Act I - [[Bookworm Swordsman]].

==Steps==
#Go to the [[Wanwen Bookhouse]] in [[Liyue Harbor]]
#Ask [[Jifang]] about the travel guide
#Go to [[Qingce Village]] and visit [[Chang the Ninth]]
#Talk to Chang the Ninth
#Look for [[Xingqiu]] after he left with the book
#Defeat the attacking [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]]
#*Xingqiu can be used as a trial character for this fight
#*Enemies: 2 [[Treasure Hoarders: Scout]]s, 1 [[Fatui Electro Cicin Mage]]

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 5, 7
|character_name          = Xingqiu
|character_level5        = 67
|constellation5          = 3
|weapon_name             = Favonius Sword
|weapon_level5           = 67
|refinement5             = 1
|artifact_flower5         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5        = Royal Masque
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|artifact_level5         = 16
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8
|hp5                     = 16,777
|atk5                    = 1,188
|def5                    = 644
|em5                     = 42
|er5                     = 182.8%
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%
|hydro_dmg5              = 20.0%

|character_level7        = 86
|constellation7          = 3

|weapon_name7            = Sacrificial Sword
|weapon_level7           = 86
|refinement7             = 1

|artifact_flower7        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather7       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands7         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet7        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet7       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level7         = 20
|set1_7                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_7      = 4

|normal_attack_talent7   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent7 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent7 = 11

|hp7                     = 22,276
|atk7                    = 1,608
|def7                    = 875
|em7                     = 105
|crit_rate7              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg7               = 91.9%
|er7                     = 193.5%
|hydro_dmg7              = 20.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wanwen Bookhouse... Guess this is where we go to buy books in Liyue.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Should we ask here if they have a copy of the Liyue volume of the Teyvat Travel Guide? It's super-duper interesting!

;(Talk to Jifang)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 01.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' Feel free to take a look around, there's no obligation to buy.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're looking for the Liyue volume of the Teyvat Travel Guide. Do you have it in stock?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 02.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' Sorry dear, we stopped stocking that a very long time ago. It just wasn't selling.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? But the Mondstadt volume was so interesting! Bummer...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 03.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' The thing is, the author made it too personal, and the result wasn't really much of a guide.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 04.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' It barely sold any copies, and the few travelers that did buy it made complaints afterward.
:{{DIcon}} Too much passion, not enough clarity?
:{{DIcon}} Content was a little too wild, huh?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's a shame. The Mondstadt volume was a good read, even just as an adventurer's diary.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 05.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' The fact remains that I don't have it in stock. If you must read it, try your luck at Chang the Ninth's place.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who's Chang the Ninth?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 06.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' A book collector who lives in Qingce Village. He's a complete grouch &mdash; but he will behave himself if the conversation is about books.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 07.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' He was a regular customer here back when he lived in Liyue Harbor, and I still send him the odd out-of-print books or two every now and then.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 jifang 08.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' The place where he lives is difficult to get to. You need to head to the mountain just behind Qingce Village, then follow the wooden walkway all the way up...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Did someone say "out-of-print books"?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Is there a chance that volume six of "Legend of the Shattered Halberd" is also in his collection?
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
:{{DIcon}} You shouldn't sneak up on people like that!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Apologies my liege, where are my manners? My name is Xingqiu, a humble literature enthusiast who happened to be passing by.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 2 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Since you and I are both in search of lost books, what say we travel together to Mt. Qingce and pay a visit to Chang the Ninth?
:{{DIcon}} Makes sense. Please lead the way.
::{{A|vo xqlq001 2 xingqiu 05a.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' My pleasure, fellow book lover!
:{{DIcon}} I don't know, it sounds like quite a trek...
::{{A|vo xqlq001 2 xingqiu 05b.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Just take it as a chance to get some respite from the hustle and bustle of Liyue Harbor. We all need that once in a while.

;(Talking to Xingqiu again)
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq001 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I've had my heart set on getting hold of a copy of Legend of the Shattered Halberd volume six for the longest time now.
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq001 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Frankly, I'd be willing to do whatever it takes to get my hands on that book.

----

;(Talk to Chang the Ninth)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 01.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' *sigh* The heavens are smiting me... Smiting me to smithereens...
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me, are you Chang the Ninth?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 02.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Uh-huh. And what do you want? Come on, spit it out!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've heard you've got tons of old books lying around, and we wanna borrow the Liyue volume of the Teyvat Travel Guide.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 03.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Hmph. Don't get me started on the topic of my books...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 04.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' After the Chasm was sealed off, the family mining business started going south. Then, the [[Fatui]] started working to sabotage me...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 05.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' To pay off my debts, I had no choice but to pawn off my beloved book collection. Every last book! Do you have any idea what that means!?
:{{DIcon}} You're sad you've got nothing to read now?
:{{DIcon}} You're bored now that you've got nothing to read?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 06.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Wrong! That was my life's work! I devoted my entire life to curating, collecting, caring for them... And now they're gone! Gone, I tell you!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 07.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' *sigh* It's useless ranting and raving at you like this. All I can do is try to save enough Mora to buy them back.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 08.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Unless you have other business here, I'm done talking to you. Goodbye! Off you go! Go on, go!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Please tell me that you didn't pawn volume six of Legend of the Shattered Halberd?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 09.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Legend of the Shattered Halberd... There's a title I haven't heard in a long time. You have good taste, my boy!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What, but we don't?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 10.ogg}}  '''Chang the Ninth:''' That work was an epoch-defining masterpiece. Granted, it was almost unknown at the time it was published...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 11.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' But over time it was the work that came to define the genre of martial arts novels &mdash; and sparked a plethora of imitation works.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 12.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Barely any copies of the first edition were ever printed.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' The later edition inexplicably went out of print almost as soon as it was released &mdash; a shame given what it allegedly added to the original story.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 13.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Yes! That's right, how did I forget? The original-edition sixth volume of that work is so rare, I could never bring myself to pawn it no matter how much I needed the money.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' You mean&mdash; You mean you still have it!?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 14.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Yes. It is my one and only remaining treasure&mdash;

;(Someone marches up and interrupts your conversation...)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 01.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Ay! Chang!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 02.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' You've got some nerve keeping me and my boss waiting like this. I need an answer! Will you sell the Cor Lapis or not?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 03.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' I'm sure you don't need me to remind you that if you mess with Gentry Maocai, you're messing with the Fatui!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 15.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' *sigh* You again...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 16.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' But you know I can't afford to give a seventy percent discount on the price... I'd never be able to buy my collection back&mdash;
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 04.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' That's your business. The question is, do you want your books or do you want food on your plate? Perhaps you'd like to take your books with you to an early grave?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 17.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' *Grr* You...*sigh*
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Whoa there, friend. Come on. This gentleman is either willing to make a deal or he's not. You can't force him to sell against his will.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 05.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Just who do you think you are? Keep your nose out of other people's business!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' My liege, I am but one who comes to the aid of this gentleman in his moment of need. I am Xingqiu, disciple of the Guhua Clan.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 06.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' A-hahahahahahaha...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 07.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' "Guhua Clan"! Did you hear this clown? He thinks he's a Guhua master! In this day and age! Hahahahaha...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 08.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' There was me thinking that the last granddads of Guhua had keeled over and died by now. Who are you supposed to be then, some sort of Guhua messiah!?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Justice is blind to our backgrounds, my friend. That just makes me someone trying to do the right thing. But you? The weasel who does the tiger's bidding may be less powerful than his master, but he is no less guilty.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 09.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Get a load of this guy! Just you wait, you'll be sorry you crossed me!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changhu 10.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' And you, Chang... you're selling that Cor Lapis whether you like it or not!

;(After he finishes speaking, Changhu dismisses your reaction and struts off...)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 18.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' *sigh* Oh, how the wolves prey upon the fallen tiger! My days are numbered.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' ...So just to come back to what we were talking about earlier, could I get a yea or nay about borrowing that book...?
:{{DIcon}} Geez Louise, give the man a minute!
:{{DIcon}} Two words: situational awareness...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 19.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Oh, what does it matter now? I can't expect anybody to care about me anymore. But since you did stick up for me, please just take this book and leave me in peace.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Three long years I have waited for this day! Words cannot express my gratitude... I, Xingqiu, vow to repay this great act of generosity!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 changtheninth 20.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Alright, give it a rest! Just bring it back when you're finished. Sorry, but I'm not about to put my hopes in some self-professed Guhua disciple.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Where are you going!? We've still got a job to do over here!

----

;(Talk to Xingqiu)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you like reading, huh? Mr. Five-Second Hero?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ho-ho, amazing... I NEVER saw that coming...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! Xingqiu! Anybody in there?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' No wonder this book is so highly sought after...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' UGH!
:{{DIcon}} That guy back at Chang the Ninth's was pretty bossy...
:{{DIcon}} That bossy guy back at Chang's &mdash; sounds like he's working for a "Gentry Maocai."
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can they bully poor Chang the Ninth like this, forcing him to sell his ore for dirt cheap? It's daylight robbery, pure and simple!
:{{DIcon}} You and I have got to find a way to help Chang the Ninth!
::{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 03a.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Don't forget me. I'm in, too.
:{{DIcon}} So I guess we're scrapping Operation Liyue Travel Guide?
::{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 03b.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Why do you give up on your book search so lightly?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so NOW you can hear what we're saying!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' The reason I borrowed this book is that it would be a real pity if Chang the Ninth ended up having to pawn it.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' And I meant every word I said to Chang the Ninth. I will return his act of kindness. It is the just thing to do.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I will be custodian of this book, and I will also help find a way to buy back the rest of his collection.
:{{DIcon}} You already have a plan, don't you?
:{{DIcon}} You don't have a plan at all, do you?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Of course I do. An initial plan, anyway. I still need to work out the details.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Give me a second to reflect. It shan't take but a moment...

;(While Xingqiu is deep in thought, Changhu returns &mdash; this time, with his gang...)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 changhu 01.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' You're still here!? What is this, a game to you? You think no one's really gonna get hurt?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 changhu 02.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Huh. I gotta hand it to the Goofball Clan... What you lack in numbers and talent, you make up for in guts!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 changhu 03.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Oh, I'm sorry &mdash; did I say Goofball Clan? I meant Guhua Clan... That's what you goofballs call it, right? Hahahahaha...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' There's a saying that goes: "The insect that shakes the oak tree ludicrously overestimates its ability."
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 changhu 04.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Quit quoting proverbs at me, you buffoon!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 10.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Please leave this place. I will not tolerate an attempt to coerce an honest trader &mdash; especially when the one you seek to threaten is one to whom I owe a debt of gratitude.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 changhu 05.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' It's cute that you wanna stick your neck out for Chang, and all...
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 changhu 06.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' But you picked the wrong time, you little punk! I brought the Fatui to back me up. A whole army of your little Guhua buddies wouldn't be able to help you now!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 xingqiu 11.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I may be young, my liege, but the path I have chosen makes me no stranger to conflict. Why should I cower in the face of evil?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 5 changhu 07.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Great speech. But now it's time for your to learn your lesson!

;(Defeat the attacking Fatui)
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 changhu 01.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' I thought that was just a regular pendant you were wearing, not a Vision!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 changhu 02.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' You won this round, but you'd better watch your back! This isn't over!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Would it be too much to hope they've learned their lesson?
:{{DIcon}} So, you're a Vision bearer!
::{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 02a.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Yes, though I try to avoid using it. I dislike the unfair advantage it gives me against my opponents.
:{{DIcon}} More to Guhua than meets the eye, huh!
::{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 02b 1.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' N–No, no you misunderstand. That fellow has a foul mouth to be sure, but his assessment of the state of the Guhua Clan is, well... not exactly incorrect, I suppose. *sigh*
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 02b 2.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Though I long to restore Guhua to its former glory, it is no easy task.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They've gone for now, but they'll be back looking to cause more trouble before long.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I'll see to it that no harm comes to those who show me kindness. There is a just and an unjust way to do business, and I will ensure the matter is resolved satisfactorily.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' It's not like the Fatui to pick sides in a business dispute. But the confident demeanor of their errand boy suggests there is substance to his words.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' There must be a deeper level of collusion at work here.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' He mentioned Gentry Maocai. I know this name... he has a stately residence in Liyue Harbor. Maybe the two of you could go and investigate.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That idea works... But what are you gonna do?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Me? I have other things to look into. Let me see... Let us meet at Yujing Terrace in Liyue Harbor in a bit.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really have stuff to do? Are you sure you're not just using us as your errand runners?
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Wow... So that's how that turned out! This whole passage is just... extraordinary!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ARGH! This guy is SO ANNOYING! Paimon just wants to slap him right in his stupid face!
:{{DIcon}} First let's help Chang the Ninth.
:{{DIcon}} Xingqiu's vengeance may not be swift, but it will surely come.
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph. FINE! But as per tradition, Paimon gets to pick an ugly nickname for him!
:{{A|vo xqlq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From now on he shall be known as... Guhua Geek!

;(Talk to Xingqiu again)
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq001 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' You go first. No need to wait for me.
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq001 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' One more page and I'll go and stretch my legs. Just one last page.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Justice, for Books' Sake
|zhs     = 寻书巧遇江湖事
|zhs_rm  = Xún Shū Qiǎoyù Jiānghú Shì
|zht     = 尋書巧遇江湖事
|zht_rm  = Xún Shū Qiǎoyù Jiānghú Shì
|zh_tl   = While Searching for Books, Coincidentally Encountering Matters of the Underworld
|zh_note = {{Lang|mini=1|zh=江湖|zh_rm=jiānghú|zh_lit=rivers and lakes}}: refers to remote places ungovernable by the law, or the criminal underbelly of a society. The term was later popularized during the rise of {{w|Wuxia}} novels to refer to the milieu in which Wuxia stories of wandering heroes were set. See also {{w|Jianghu}}.
|ja      = 本探し
|ja_rm   = Hon Sagashi
|ja_tl   = Book Searching
|ko      = 우연한 강호사 책 찾기
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Una aventura literaria
|es_tl   = A Literary Adventure
|fr      = Aventure littéraire
|fr_tl   = Literary Adventure
|ru      = Приключения в поисках книги
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องบังเอิญระหว่างตามหาหนังสือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm sách vô tình gặp chuyện giang hồ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sieh den Heldentaten auf der Suche nach den Büchern zu.
|de_tl   = Watch The Feats in The Search For The Books
|id      = Menegakkan Keadilan Sastra
|id_tl   = Upholding Literary Justice
|pt      = Uma Aventura Literária
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Una aventura literaria]]