{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Jutta.png
|region           = Mondstadt
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Audience

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm9754233|Valory Pierce]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/valorypierce/status/1590783645295706113 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Jutta''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Jutta}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|Vo dialog eqpm001 jutta 01.ogg}} '''Jutta:''' (I wonder how much Mora the shops and vendors around here make on a competition day...)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Jutta:''' It's an opportunity... It's such a great opportunity...
:{{DIcon}} You are...?
::'''Jutta:''' Are you talking to me? Well, as you can see, I'm just a lowly merchant from [[Mondstadt]] that can't get in on the action.
::'''Jutta:''' I was originally here on vacation. But when I heard about the competition, I couldn't help but come and take a look. And, wow, did I discover an amazing opportunity! Unfortunately, I couldn't convince the organizers, and my proposal was declined. *sigh* This really sucks...
::'''Paimon:''' So you got your merchant side awakened...
::{{DIcon}} *sob* Money never made is money lost...
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it. There's always next time.
::'''Jutta:''' I'm not upset, I just think it's a shame.
::'''Jutta:''' I really don't feel like they've tapped into the commercial potential of this competition. They didn't even put up any booths around the main venue.
::'''Jutta:''' There's not even a rest area by the Domain where most of the contestants are. They could've at least put a small snack stand here!
::'''Jutta:''' If it were up to me, I would arrange for limited-edition competition souvenirs, toys, and coloring books starting from the very first round.
::'''Jutta:''' The more food and beverages we could fit, the better. Not only would we have to provide a day's worth of meals to the competitors, we'd also need to serve as many members of the audience as possible.
::'''Jutta:''' Oh, and it seems they installed a lot of Film Kameras around the arena. I think they're making some kind of "documentary film." We could sell that for a good price as well.
::'''Jutta:''' I'm sure the devices to play the film wouldn't be cheap either!
::'''Jutta:''' Anyways, there are great opportunities for monetization in every facet of this competition.
::'''Paimon:''' It really does sound like there are a lot of ways to make money here. However, the organizers and their sponsor don't seem to be short on Mora. Maybe they don't care about whether the competition makes money or not.
::'''Jutta:''' Well, that's the problem! Even if they're doing this for some... noble cause... They can use the funds they've earned and invest them into future competitions to create a healthy cycle!
::'''Jutta:''' I don't think that the [[Elchingen|sponsor]] behind this competition has any business sense. They seem to be a... a rookie.
::'''Jutta:''' They seem like the type who suddenly came into a bunch of Mora, then splurge mindlessly. What are they thinking?
::'''Paimon:''' Wow, what an unforgiving merchant! You have no mercy for your peers...
::{{DIcon}} Maybe it's because you think about things more thoroughly.
::'''Jutta:''' Ha, that's something I wouldn't mind hearing twice. Thank you!
::'''Jutta:''' However, compliments don't miraculously turn into Mora.
:{{DIcon}} We'll leave you alone...
::'''Jutta:''' Well then, if you ever want to talk business, I'm always free.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Jutta
|zhs     = 茱塔
|zhs_rm  = Zhūtǎ
|zht     = 茱塔
|zht_rm  = Zhūtǎ
|ja      = ユッタ
|ja_rm   = Yutta
|ko      = 유타
|ko_rm   = Yuta
|es      = Yutta
|fr      = Jutta
|ru      = Джутта
|th      = Jutta
|vi      = Jutta
|de      = Jutta
|id      = Jutta
|pt      = Jutta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Jutta]]