{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kachina
|id             = 368186
|image          = Kachina Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kachina''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Gems...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The legends of heroes...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Ayo...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'm a bit nervous...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Gotta work hard...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Footsteps...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'm waiting for you...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kachina mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Your footsteps told me you were coming, hehe!
:{{A|vo kachina mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That's how I knew to wait for you here!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's... It's all really nice! Don't worry about me. I can take care of myself.
::{{DIcon}} Sure you're not just putting on a brave face?
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? No... of course not!
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' What gave you that impression though? Was it my ears? My... facial expression? Or my body language?
:::{{DIcon}} All of the above, really.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02a 3.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'm sorry! It's just... It's a completely new environment, and my body's taking some time to adapt.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02a 4.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Thanks for your concern, but... I'll be fine. Really, I will.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02a 5.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh &mdash; the weather here's really great, and there's such a peaceful atmosphere. I love it!
::{{DIcon}} You can relax a little more, you know.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...You're right. Thank you for inviting me here. I'll... I'll try my hardest to relax!
:::{{DIcon}} If you're "trying," you're probably doing it wrong... Just... relax.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02b 2.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' O&mdash;Oh, yeah. Good point...
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02b 3.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's just... Your place is so nice, and your invitation made me so happy, I'm not sure what to do...
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02b 4.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' M&mdash;Maybe I just need a little more time to adjust.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02b 5.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I... don't travel often, and here, I'm surrounded by things I've never seen before! I almost forget to breathe just trying to take it all in...
:::{{DIcon}} It's alright! You can do whatever you want here.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 02b 6.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ohh, thank you! *sniff* You're so nice...
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I want to adjust as quickly as possible, and I also don't want you to worry about me, so...
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...Could I stay here for a little longer? I won't cause a fuss! You won't even know I'm here!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Sure! I'm not the chattiest person in the world though &mdash; not like Mualani... I hope that's okay?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Uh... but, um... yeah! I can just listen, mostly! Whatever you want to talk about, it's fine with me!
::{{DIcon}} You really are the nervous type, huh?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Uhh... Yeah, guilty as charged.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I've failed so many times in the past, I'm constantly worried about messing things up again...
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I wish I could get everything right... I mean, not like a hero, or anything. I just... really want to live up to people's expectations.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh! That reminds me, you've had a lot of amazing experiences...
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Do you ever get nervous? When you're in new place, or facing a new enemy?
::{{DIcon}} Of course I do. It's a perfectly normal response.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08a 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wait. You too? I thought I only felt that way because I'm weak...
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08a 2.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's such a relief to hear you say that. I guess I've just been scaring myself silly all along, huh?
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08a 3.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, or... maybe we're talking about different things. I mean, I get nervous-nervous, and maybe with you, you're just... anxious to appear modest?
:::{{DIcon}} Nah. Everyone gets nervous. Sometimes, you've just got to roll with it.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08a 4.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Roll with it... Hehe, that kinda makes sense! It's so simple when you put it like that.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08a 5.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' For me, being nervous is pretty much the default.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08a 6.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But... I think I get what you mean. Maybe one day, I'll be able to be at peace with my nerves, just like you.
::{{DIcon}} Not really. I'm used to it by now.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08b 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I knew it! That's what makes you a real hero &mdash; staying calm, controlled, and rational whatever the situation.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08b 2.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I guess I've just got to keep practicing so I get used to it too. Just like with my dancing!
:::{{DIcon}} That's right. One step at a time, at your own pace &mdash; just like dancing!
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08b 3.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Exactly! I just need to go on a few more adventures... and get a few more wins under my belt... and then I'm sure to be less nervous.
:::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 08b 4.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Would you mind taking me with you on some more adventures? Or... sharing some of your experiences with me in your spare time? I'll do my best to learn, and I'll definitely find some way to repay you!
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Whoops &mdash; this was supposed be a light-hearted chat, but it's ended up being another mentoring session... Sorry, this always happens, doesn't it...
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' If there's anything that I can do for you, please let me know!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Let me think. Hmm... Nope, nothing in particular.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'm quite content at the moment. In fact, it's more than that... I'm happy.
::{{DIcon}} You sure you're not just putting on a brave face?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, of course not! I doubt I could fool you, anyway &mdash; you know me too well by this point.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'm really enjoying my time here. Once I got used to it, I realized that your home's kind of like a dream world... the kind of thing you read about in storybooks.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's not just the beautiful scenery, either. I love all this open space! It's so much fun just riding around the place on Turbo Twirly.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The pace of life here is so nice, too. I could stay here forever.
::{{DIcon}} Glad to hear it.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Heh~ Once again, thank you so, so much for inviting me here... My family's always telling me, you can never thank someone too much!
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' By the way, would you like to visit my home sometime?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...Ah!
::{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' N&mdash;Nothing... I just suddenly remembered all the piles of stuff in my room... I gotta take care of that before you come over.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' There's still a few boxes left under my bed... and my top shelves are empty... Yeah, that should do the trick.
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to tidy up for me.
::{{DIcon}} A crowded house is a house with character.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh... Thanks, it's really nice of you to say that! I... feel a lot more confident now.
::{{DIcon}} Relax, it'll be fine.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, so it's decided then? I'll have every stone in its proper place by the time you arrive!
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' And that's a promise! Even if it's crowded, it's still gotta look nice.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Kachina.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Morning! Heading out on a new adventure?
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Could you bring me along today, too? There's still so much I wanna learn from you!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Kachina.
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Nighty night! Before I go to sleep, I need to process everything that's happened today!
::{{A|vo kachina mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...Hey, don't look at me like that! I didn't mean I'm gonna go cry in a corner again! Not this time, I promise.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Sleep Now, Rest Your Weary Head===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kachina silenceandrest 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I only just noticed how orderly all this furniture is.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kachina silenceandrest 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It must have taken you ages, surely? I bet it was tiring... Feel free to ask me to help next time.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kachina silenceandrest 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I can't promise I'd be any use with other stuff. But sorting and organizing is my specialty, so I'd definitely make things better and not worse!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Children of Echoes' Passion===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kachina nanatzcayan 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wow! Look at this stage you've built... it's perfect!
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kachina nanatzcayan 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Um... Heh, uh... I&mdash;I know a few dance moves, so... would you mind if I tested them out here?
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kachina nanatzcayan 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...Really? You actually wanna watch? That's great! I won't disappoint! ...At least, I hope I won't...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Kachina/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Kachina/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:カチーナ/仲間]]
[[ru:Качина/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Kachina/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Kachina/Bạn Đồng Hành]]