{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kaedehara Kazuha
|id             = 368116
|image          = Character Kaedehara Kazuha Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kaedehara Kazuha''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* "Exquisite scenery..."
* "My homeland..."
* "The voice of the wind..."
* "The sounds of nature..."
* "Let's play a tune...
When the player is nearby:
*"Hello there."
*"I guessed you would come."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hello there, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There was a familiar scent upon the wind. I guessed that you would come.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm... I'm very happy to have someplace to settle down for a time.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When I'm by myself, I often look outside just to appreciate the scenery.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' With no one around, one's heart will naturally calm.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Tomorrow is uncertain, but at least I'll always have the stability of the present.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A pity that I can't reside here for long, for my blade will dull.
::{{DIcon}} You can come here for a rest whenever you want.
::{{DIcon}} You are always welcome here.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I am most thankful.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Each year yields scorching summers and frigid winters. The hottest and coldest days are difficult for me to weather.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But the weather here is always comfortable...
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It is truly a blessing to leisurely pass one's time here.
;<nowiki>(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4) </nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Alright...but what to talk about...? Let me think.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The rainy season recently set itself upon us. Any topics pertaining to rain?
::{{DIcon}} I always seem to run into heavy rain outside...
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 03a.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hm, if the rain is heavy, I'll usually seek shelter.
::{{DIcon}} Any recommendations for shelter?
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 03b.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Caves are my primary choice, but if there's a wild animal inside, you must first contest it.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My second choice is an abandoned temple, but there are usually drafts and the omnipresent scent of mold.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If there are no other options, I'll shelter under a tree.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But I don't dare do this in a thunderstorm - too dangerous.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' As a last resort, I'll try my luck on houses with their lights on...Of course, I'll give up if I'm unlucky.
::{{DIcon}} Why is staying at someone's home your last choice?
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If someone with a blade knocks on the door during a rainy night, most people will be on their guard.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Understanding this, there's no need to bother them. Besides, the world is vast and there is always somewhere to go.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' No need for worry. The outdoors won't always be rainy, and one's life won't always be overcast.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Turn your gaze skyward on a clear night, and you'll see thousands of stars.
;<nowiki>(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm... please take this.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I heard that the maple leaves back home have already turned red. I want to go back and take a look, but it's a long journey. I can't return for now...
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I was wandering the market the other day and saw these well-preserved maple leaves, so I bought some.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Although I can't confirm whether they're from my hometown, they still help blunt my homesickness.
::{{DIcon}} You're very fond of maple leaves, then?
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes.
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 2.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' In the past, I collected maple leaves upon the autumnal winds and carried them on my person.
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 3.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When I was on the boat, I scattered them across the surface of the ocean and watched them float to distant shores.
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 4.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Perhaps another homesick soul will have picked up one of those leaves...
:::{{DIcon}} I also want to see your hometown.
::{{DIcon}} It looks quite beautiful.
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Indeed... From a purely visual perspective, red maple leaves have a unique beauty to them.
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 2.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Every year in my hometown, people enjoy the scene of falling red leaves.
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 3.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The maple leaves are a crimson sunset and fall like scarlet rain.
:::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 4.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A thick layer of fallen leaves on the ground, the chirping of autumn insects, and the wandering birds...
:::{{DIcon}} I also want to see your hometown.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Ah... How improper of me.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I should have taken the initiative to invite you... But I was absorbed by my own homesickness.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it.
::{{DIcon}} I sympathize with you.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Thank you.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Then take this maple leaf as a keepsake. Our promise is thus made.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When the maple leaves next bloom red, we shall go to my hometown together.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Kazuha.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Good morning... It feels like you're somehow different today.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You can talk to me about anything. Although I cannot guarantee anything else, I'm a very good listener.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Kazuha.
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo kazuha mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Tonight's wind is gentle, so there should be a plentitude of wonderful dreams.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Jade Wilds===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kazuha inazumawild 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This peaceful scene puts the mind at ease.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kazuha inazumawild 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Even the most ordinary stretch of countryside, the humblest of hills, harbors poignant profundities from the distant past.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kazuha inazumawild 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Offer them your full, undivided attention, and each flower, each tree, each blade of grass will whisper their stories to you.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kazuha tearoom 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A tranquil teahouse, with finely crafted ornamentation and the scent of tea lingering in the air...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kazuha tearoom 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Mm... The atmosphere here is truly delightful.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kazuha tearoom 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When you can spare the time, why not join me to discuss our favorite poetry over tea?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}