{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101733
|image        = Item Kaedehara Yoshinori's Letter.png
|type         = Quest Items
|group        = Event Items
|quality      = 1
|description  = A blank piece of paper that was hidden in an old flower pot. When dipped in water, it reveals a long-sealed secret.
After telling everyone about the truth that was concealed within, [[Kazuha]] said that "this letter may still be of use to you," before handing it over to you.
|source1      = Obtained during ''[[The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)|The Palace, Dyed in Black]]''
|event        = Hues of the Violet Garden
}}
'''Kaedehara Yoshinori's Letter''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)}}.

After completing the {{Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}, parts of the text are retroactively changed.

==Version 1==
The following text appears before completing {{Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}:
===Text===
To whoever reads this letter:<br>
I, [[Kaedehara Yoshinori]], have been held to a certain secret throughout my entire life. I don't have much longer in this world, and after much consideration, I've finally decided to disclose the matter.<br>
All those years ago, when I was pursuing the swordsmiths alongside Commissioner Kamisato of the [[Yashiro Commission]], I was not injured by one of the fleeing smiths.<br>
Rather, it was night, and after the clues led us down to shore, I waited for the culprits to show themselves. However, there were no swordsmiths in sight, only a single eccentric stranger. This stranger claimed to be the one behind the failed forgings and said that he had been patiently waiting for us. He then threatened to destroy the [[Raiden Gokaden]].<br>
That person was of able body, and in a blink of an eye, myself and the accompanying samurai had been defeated. Commissioner Kamisato was severely wounded, and I barely escaped death myself. My hat had fortunately blunted a blow to my head.<br>
The unusual stranger could've easily claimed my life at that moment. But, after noticing my appearance, he stopped his attacks, and sternly asked if I had any connection with the name "Niwa." I answered that it was my father's surname and after my father disappeared, I was adopted by the [[Kaedehara Clan|Kaedehara]] family.<br>
Upon hearing my answer, the stranger paused. After a long silence, he suddenly said: "Tell her this. My name is [[Kunikuzushi]]." He then turned and left...

The forging did not go well due to this stranger's tampering with [[Raiden Shogun|Her Excellency]]'s blueprint. Lord Kamisato knew the significance of this event, but he remained silent, fearing that careless talk might drag others into what might be considered a treasonous crime. Despite his serious wounds, he insisted that we were wounded by the fleeing personnel, and advised me to remain silent. I, being eternally grateful to him for his consideration, and understanding that the situation is not ideal, decided to bury this in my heart.<br>
As the leader of the {{sic|Keadehara Clan}}, I am deeply ashamed to witness the decline of the [[Raiden Gokaden#Isshin Art|Isshin Art]]. But, as a father, it is my priority to ensure the safety of my children and grandchildren. If you, the one reading this letter, are a descendant of our house, do not blindly pursue past foes, or be shackled by the deeds and duties of yesteryear, lest you lose yourself.

Yours, Kaedehara Yoshinori

==Version 2==
The following text appears after completing {{Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}:
===Text===
To whoever reads this letter:<br>
I, [[Kaedehara Yoshinori]], have been held to a certain secret throughout my entire life. I don't have much longer in this world, and after much consideration, I've finally decided to disclose the matter.<br>
All those years ago, when I was pursuing the swordsmiths alongside Commissioner Kamisato of the [[Yashiro Commission]], I was not injured by one of the fleeing smiths.<br>
Rather, it was night, and after the clues led us down to shore, I waited for the culprits to show themselves. However, there were no swordsmiths in sight, only a single {{Highlight|suspicious-looking}} stranger {{Highlight|wandering in the area}}. This stranger claimed to be the one behind the failed forgings and said that {{Highlight|his clan was framed by our ancestors and brought low}}. He then threatened to destroy the [[Raiden Gokaden]].<br>
That person was {{highlight|a very skilled fighter}}, and in a blink of an eye, {{Highlight|half of}} the accompanying samurai had been defeated. Commissioner Kamisato was severely wounded, and I barely {{Highlight|avoided severe injury}} myself{{Highlight|, thanks to m}}y hat {{Highlight|blunting}} a blow to my head.<br>
{{Highlight|However, no matter how skilled the man is, he was still a human. The remaining samurai surrounded him and eventually slew him with great effort.}}<br>
{{Highlight|Before his death, he cried in a frenzy, "The Raiden Gokaden should never have existed! Without them, I wouldn't have..." But he didn't live to finish his final words.}}

{{Highlight|Later on, I learned that this person's interference was the cause behind the ill-fated forging.}} Lord Kamisato knew the significance of this event, but he remained silent, fearing that careless talk might drag others into what might be considered a treasonous crime. Despite his serious wounds, he insisted that we were wounded by the fleeing personnel, and advised me to remain silent. I, being eternally grateful to him for his consideration, and understanding that the situation is not ideal, decided to bury this in my heart.<br>
As the leader of the {{sic|Keadehara Clan}}, I am deeply ashamed {{Highlight|that I must}} witness the decline of the [[Raiden Gokaden#Isshin Art|Isshin Art]]. But, as a father, it is my priority to ensure the safety of my children and grandchildren. If you, the one reading this letter, are a descendant of our house, do not blindly pursue past foes, or be shackled by the deeds and duties of yesteryear, lest you lose yourself.

Yours, Kaedehara Yoshinori

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kaedehara Yoshinori's Letter
|zhs     = 枫原义庆的信
|zhs_rm  = Fēngyuán Yìqìng de Xìn
|zht     = 楓原義慶的信
|zht_rm  = Fēngyuán Yìqìng de Xìn
|ja      = 楓原義慶の手紙
|ja_rm   = Kaedehara Yoshinori no Tegami
|ko      = 카에데하라 요시노리의 편지
|ko_rm   = Kaedehara Yosinori-ui Pyeonji
|es      = Carta de Kaedehara Yoshinori
|fr      = Lettre de Kaedehara Yoshinori
|ru      = Письмо Каэдэхара Ёсинори
|th      = จดหมายของ Kaedehara Yoshinori
|th_rm   = Chotmai khong Kaedehara Yoshinori
|vi      = Thư Của Kaedehara Yoshinori
|de      = Kaedehara Yoshinoris Brief
|id      = Surat Kaedehara Yoshinori
|pt      = Carta de Kaedehara Yoshinori
|tr      = Kaedehara Yoshinori'nin Mektubu
|it      = Lettera di Kaedehara Yoshinori
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[es:Carta de Kaedehara Yoshinori]]
[[ja:楓原義慶の手紙]]
[[pt-br:Carta de Kaedehara Yoshinori]]