{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Kaedehara Clan
|affiliation2     = Isshin Art
|ancestry         = Kaedehara Clan
}}
'''Kaedehara Kagemitsu''' was a historical figure in [[Inazuma]], a member of the [[Kaedehara Clan]], and a bladesmith of the [[Raiden Gokaden]]'s [[Isshin Art]]. He is best known for creating one of Isshin Art's three best works, collectively known as the Isshin Sansaku.

==Profile==
Kagemitsu was an apprentice of the Isshin Art alongside [[Niwa Nagamitsu]] and [[Akame Mitsunaga]] when [[Futsu Masayoshi]], the bladesmith of [[Haran Geppaku Futsu]], approached them. Having left the [[Futsu School]] to avoid a succession crisis between himself and the fourth-generation master [[Futsu Hiroyoshi]], Masayoshi left to travel around and learn the techniques of other forging practices. The three apprenticed under Masayoshi and went on to create each piece in the Isshin Sansaku.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Haran Geppaku Futsu|Lore}}</ref><!--
===Personality===
===Appearance===

==Story==
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The names {{lang|''Kagemitsu''|ja=景光}}, {{lang|''Nagamitsu''|ja=長光}}, and {{lang|''Sanenaga''|ja=実長}} (rendered in the English localization as Mitsunaga) are derived from the three disciples of {{lang|Mitsutada|ja=光忠}}, the founder of the Osafune School which thrived during the {{w|Kamakura period}}. The three disciples were known as the {{lang|"Three Great Masters"|ja=三作|ja_rm=sansaku}} of the Osafune School.<ref>Google Books: [https://www.google.com/books/edition/Encyclopedia_of_Japanese_Swords_Paperbac/ew-QBwAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&dq=%E4%B8%89%E4%BD%9C+sansaku&pg=PA376&printsec=frontcover Encyclopedia of Japanese Swords]  (pg. 376)</ref>
** The real-life Kagemitsu was Nagamitsu's son and Mitsutada's grandson, and became the third-generation master of the Osafune School. Among his known works is the Koryu Kagemitsu.<ref>Google Arts and Culture: [https://artsandculture.google.com/asset/tachi-sword-known-as-koryu-kagemitsu-kagemitsu/3QFg60PEbEN8ig?hl=en Tachi Sword, Known as "Koryu Kagemitsu"]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|zhs     = 枫原景光
|zhs_rm  = Fēngyuán Jǐngguāng
|zht     = 楓原景光
|zht_rm  = Fēngyuán Jǐngguāng
|ja      = 楓原景光
|ja_rm   = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|ko      = 카에데하라 카게미츠
|ko_rm   = Kaedehara Kagemicheu
|es      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|fr      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|ru      = Каэдэхара Кагэмицу
|th      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|vi      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|de      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|id      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
|pt      = Kaedehara Kagemitsu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}