{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Kaedehara Clan.png
|type         = Families
|type2        = Inazuma Clans
|affiliation  = Raiden Gokaden
|affiliation2 = Isshin Art
|region       = Inazuma
}}
The '''Kaedehara Clan''' is an [[Inazuma]]n clan and the one which [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] hails from. It was the leader of the [[Isshin Art]], one of the schools within the [[Raiden Gokaden]], before its collapse.

==History==
The Kaedehara Clan was a noble samurai clan of notable fame in Inazuma and a subordinate branch of the [[Kamisato Clan]].<ref>{{Ref/VO|Kamisato Ayato|About Kaedehara Kazuha}}</ref>

Over 500 years ago, [[Kaedehara Kagemitsu]] received tutelage from the bladesmith [[Futsu Masayoshi]], who had been trained in the techniques of the [[Futsu School]], one of five bladesmithing arts in the Raiden Gokaden. Kagemitsu, himself a member of the Isshin Art, went on to become known as one of the "Isshin Sansaku,"<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Haran Geppaku Futsu|Lore}}</ref> or "Three Great Masters of the Isshin Art."<ref group="Note">The names Kagemitsu, Nagamitsu, and Sanenaga (Mitsunaga) are direct references to three master swordsmiths of the Osafune School, collectively known as the {{Lang|"Three Great Masters"|ja=三作|ja_rm=sansaku}}. While the characters in ''sansaku'' literally translate to "three works," which is how the English localization interpreted its usage in Haran Geppaku Futsu's description, it was historically used to refer to the swordsmiths themselves.</ref>

Roughly 100 years ago,<ref group="Note">Assuming a generation lasts roughly 20 to 40 years and Kazuha is in his late teens to early twenties, a rough approximation for the birth of Kazuha's great-grandparents' generation would be 80 to 140 years ago.</ref> Niwa Yoshinori was adopted by the head of the Kaedehara Clan after his father's disappearance, and changed his name to [[Kaedehara Yoshinori]]. When swordsmiths of the Isshin Art repeatedly failed to create an important Goshintou blade using the Raiden Shogun's diagram and fled out of fear of punishment, Yoshinori and the head of the Kamisato Clan investigated the matter. Realizing that the diagram had likely been tampered with, they tracked the bladesmiths down to a beach northwest of [[Byakko Plain]]. Instead of the swordsmiths, they found Kunikuzushi, the wanderer now known as [[Scaramouche]], lying in wait. Scaramouche easily defeated the entire group, sparing them only after recognizing Yoshinori as a descendant of the [[Niwa Family]] and leaving him with a vague message: "Tell her this. My name is Kunikuzushi." Afterwards, the Kamisato head ordered Yoshinori to conceal the truth to avoid being accused of conspiring with the saboteur. Fearful of Scaramouche's claim that he would destroy the [[Raiden Gokaden]], Yoshinori also stopped the family business and refused to pass down the Isshin Art's techniques.<ref name="Palace">{{Ref/Quest|The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)}}</ref>

Kazuha's grandfather, Kaedehara Hisamichi,<ref name="GAA 2.8-1">{{Ref/Quest|As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)}}</ref> attempted to revive the Isshin Art, but failed Yoshinori's challenge of crafting the Goshintou using the sabotaged diagram. Failing to pick up on Yoshinori's words about "find[ing] the secret within," Hisamichi grew enraged by Yoshinori's claim that the Isshin Art "deserved" to fade away and departed to other lands in his fruitless attempt to reverse the family's ill fortune. He would not return until after Yoshinori had already passed away, something which he came to regret.<ref name="Palace" />

Hisamichi himself took up the art of bonsai growing, basing some scenes on the views he saw during his travels. He told his son, Kaedehara Kageharu, that he hoped his grandson &mdash; Kazuha &mdash; would not follow in his footsteps and would see more of the world.<ref name="GAA 2.8-1" />

By the time Kazuha was born, the clan was on the verge of collapse, having almost no fortunes to inherit when the time came. Eventually, their house was repossessed by the authorities and the last attendant was dismissed.<ref name="kazuha samurai nobility">{{Ref/VO|Kaedehara Kazuha|About Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai Nobility}}</ref> After he was deemed a criminal under the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], the clan's property and possessions was confiscated and held at a warehouse near the [[Police Station]]. With his arrest warrant repealed after the abolishment of the Decree, Kazuha has requested [[Kujou Sara]] to sell the possessions and donate the proceeds to the poor.<ref name="Palace" />

==Known Members==
===Over 500 Years Ago===
*[[Kaedehara Kagemitsu]]<ref group="Note">Haran Geppaku Futsu, which was forged by Kagemitsu's master Futsu Masayoshi, was included in [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]]'s ''Anthology of Inazuman Blades''. From that, it can be assumed that both Kagemitsu and Masayoshi predate Nagamasa, who lived 500 years ago.</ref>

===Around 100 Years Ago to Present===
*[[Kaedehara Yoshinori]] (adopted)
**[[Kaedehara Hisamichi]]
***[[Kaedehara Kageharu]]
****[[Kaedehara Kazuha]] (present)

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|
|en       = Kaedehara Clan
|zhs      = 枫原家
|zhs_rm   = Fēngyuán-jiā
|zht      = 楓原家
|zht_rm   = Fēngyuán-jiā
|zh_tl    = Kaedehara House{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja       = 楓原家
|ja_rm    = Kaedehara-ke
|ja_tl    = Kaedehara House
|ko       = 카에데하라 {{tt|가문|家門}}
|ko_rm    = Kaedehara Gamun
|ko_tl    = Kaedehara Family
|es       = Clan Kaedehara
|es_tl    = Kaedehara Clan
|fr       = Clan Kaedehara
|fr_tl    = Kaedehara Clan
|ru       = Семьи Каэдэхара
|ru_tl    = Kaedehara Family
|th       = ตระกูล Kaedehara
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nhà Kaedehara<!-- also "Gia Tộc Kaedehara" - Kaedehara Clan -->
|vi_tl    = Kaedehara House
|de       = Familie Kaedehara
|de_tl    = Family Kaedehara
|id       = Klan Kaedehara
|id_tl    = Kaedehara Clan
|pt       = Clã Kaedehara
|pt_tl    = Kaedehara Clan
|tr       = Kaedehara Klanı
|tr_tl    = Kaedehara Clan
|it       = Clan Kaedehara
|it_tl    = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

== Navigation ==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Clan Kaedehara]]
[[ja:楓原家]]
[[pt-br:Clã Kaedehara]]
[[th:ตระกูล Kaedehara]]