{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Kaedehara Yoshinori.png
|deceased         = Past
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Kaedehara Clan
|affiliation2     = Isshin Art
|ancestry         = Niwa Clan
|child            = Kaedehara Hisamichi
|childNote        = Son
|relative         = Kaedehara Kageharu
|relativeNote     = Grandson
|relative2        = Kaedehara Kazuha
|relativeNote2    = Great-grandson
|voiceEN          = [https://www.edwardamendoza.com/ Edward A. Mendoza]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/serendipeddie/status/1514715761834487808 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Kaedehara Yoshinori''' is a historical character who appears in a flashback during the ''[[Hues of the Violet Garden]]'' Event Quest ''[[The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)|The Palace, Dyed in Black]]''.

Born into the [[Niwa Clan]], Yoshinori was adopted into the [[Kaedehara Clan]], another clan in the [[Raiden Gokaden]]'s [[Isshin Art]]. During the [[Case of the Eccentric]], [[Scaramouche]], who intended on destroying all the schools in the Raiden Gokaden, decided to spare him and his companions on account of his ancestry. Nonetheless, Yoshinori decided to close the family business to protect his family, cementing the decline of the Isshin Art.

==Appearance==
''(To be added.)''

==Personality==
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events
|The Palace, Dyed in Black = flashback
}}

==Story==
Kaedehara Yoshinori was born into the Niwa Clan. After his father's disappearance, he was adopted into the Kaedehara Clan, where he became the clan head and the leader of the Isshin Art. It was during his leadership that a certain incident later known as the Case of the Eccentric<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Kagotsurube Isshin}}</ref> came to pass.<ref name="Palace">{{Ref/Quest|The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)}}</ref>

===Case of the Eccentric===
The [[Raiden Shogun]] ordered the Isshin Art to forge a Goshintou blade using a diagram she provided. However, all the swordsmiths &mdash; including [[Akame Kanenaga]] &mdash; created defective products and failed to deliver the product by the due date. Fearing punishment, the swordsmiths fled, taking refuge with the [[Fatui]].<ref name="Ere">{{Ref/Quest|Ere the End, a Glance Back}}</ref> Yoshinori and the head of the [[Yashiro Commission]] at the time investigated the matter and, suspecting the diagram itself had been tampered with, tracked the swordsmiths down to a beach near [[Byakko Plain]].<ref name="Palace" />

There, they were intercepted by a mysterious youth &mdash; Scaramouche &mdash; who easily defeated them and their retinue. He threatened to destroy the Raiden Gokaden and only stopped after realizing that Yoshinori was from the Niwa Clan. After some deliberation, he decided to spare them, leaving behind a vague message: "Tell her this. My name is Kunikuzushi."<ref name="Palace" />

===Aftermath and Later Life===
After the incident, Yoshinori was instructed by the Yashiro head to cover up the truth of what happened to prevent the Kaedehara Clan from being accused of working with the perpetrator. They claimed that they had been defeated by the fleeing swordsmiths and failed to stop them from escaping Inazuma.<ref name="Palace" /> For this, the reputations of the Kaedehara and [[Kamisato Clan]]s suffered greatly, and the Kamisato Clan was spared from punishment only because of [[Yae Miko]]'s intervention.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Yae Miko|5}}</ref>

Afraid that their assailant would make good on his threat to destroy the Raiden Gokaden, Yoshinori decided to prioritize his family's safety and put an end to the family business, even if it resulted in the Isshin Art's decline. Yoshinori's son, [[Kaedehara Hisamichi]], who was unaware of the truth behind the Case of the Eccentric, tried to revive the old family business but failed to produce the Goshintou, much like the swordsmiths before him had. Yoshinori's declaration that if he could not "find the secret within," the art deserved to fade away, enraged Hisamichi to the point that Hisamichi left Inazuma entirely. They never managed to reconcile before Yoshinori's death, which Hisamichi regretted.<ref name="Palace" />

After giving up swordsmithing, Yoshinori took up raising bonsai plants as a hobby. When he died, he left behind a will telling Hisamichi not to throw out one particular tree. At the bottom of the tree was a hidden compartment containing [[Kaedehara Yoshinori's Letter]], which he wrote in his old age to document the truth behind the incident.<ref name="Palace" />

===Legacy===
[[Kamisato Ayato]] eventually discovered the letter and revealed its contents while investigating a certain Fatui spy's attempt to find such a document. Ayato waited for an opportunity to reveal the truth to Kazuha and finally found it in the [[Irodori Festival]], where he used a fabricated legend of [[The Five Kasen]] to convey the truth to Kazuha, [[Kamisato Ayaka]], the [[Traveler]], and select companions that Ayato deemed trustworthy.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Five Colors' True Form}}</ref>

Although the Kaedehara Clan officially ended its bladesmithing practice after Yoshinori put an end to it, Kazuha still learned some of their techniques as well as the clan's combat style, which was developed to test their blades. During his first Story Quest, ''[[A Strange and Friendless Road]]'', Kazuha encounters the sentient blade [[Kagotsurube Isshin]], which was forged by Akame Kanenaga during his self-imposed exile to [[Snezhnaya]] to make amends for his betrayal of the Isshin Art.<ref name="Ere" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|zhs     = 枫原义庆
|zhs_rm  = Fēngyuán Yìqìng
|zht     = 楓原義慶
|zht_rm  = Fēngyuán Yìqìng
|ja      = 楓原義慶
|ja_rm   = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|ko      = 카에데하라 요시노리
|ko_rm   = Kaedehara Yosinori
|es      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|fr      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|ru      = Каэдэхара Ёсинори
|th      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|vi      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|de      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|id      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|pt      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|tr      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
|it      = Kaedehara Yoshinori
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}