{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kaeya
|id             = 368107
|image          = Character Kaeya Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kaeya''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"In the aftermath..."
*"Let's have a chat..."
*"Let's have some fun..."
*"Clues..."
*"Have a drink..."
When the player is nearby:
*"I didn't expect..."
*"Well hello."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well hello, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I didn't expect to see you again so soon.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, I feel quite at home already.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm, although I feel that "at home" doesn't express my feelings in their entirety.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' "Surprised" is more how I'd describe the feeling I had when I first set eyes on this place.
::{{DIcon}} You mean, pleasantly surprised?
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Exactly that.
::{{DIcon}} As in, it was a nasty surprise?
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What? Of course not! It was a very pleasant surprise.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's more beautiful than I imagined.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's been a while since I moved here though, so the initial sense of surprise has mostly worn off. Now, this place feels comfortable, like somewhere I belong.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Heh, who'd have thought...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You've come to the right person.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Speak your mind. I'm more than happy to keep you company.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm... Though it's too bad we don't have anything to wet our whistles with...
::{{DIcon}} Why do you like to drink so much, Kaeya?
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well... largely because I like the taste.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But I can't deny that I also like how it makes me feel.
::{{DIcon}} I think I understand what you mean.
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 06a 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh really? Just from listening to me describe it? Despite having never tried it yourself?
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 06a 2.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That's quite a unique talent.
::{{DIcon}} So what you mean is, you drink to numb the pain?
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 06b 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Goodness, look at you, leaping to conclusions... Do I look like I've been through that much?
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 06b 2.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm quite content with my life right now.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I have to say, though, that chatting with you is quite intoxicating...
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Actually, in much the same way that drinking is.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' So, I suppose... I'm just greedy and want to enjoy both of these pleasures at the same time.
::{{DIcon}} So all in all, I'm just another layer in your cocktail of pleasure?
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha... What an interesting metaphor! I hadn't looked at it from that angle...
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let me think...
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm... Your analogy seems largely correct.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Save for one small detail &mdash; you, of course, are the main ingredient in said cocktail.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You're already here by my side, what more could I ask for?
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Though, I would like to know one thing. Is there any way in which I can be of assistance to you, (Traveler)?
::{{DIcon}} You really have a way with words, Kaeya...
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, how flattering!
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' As always, I speak only from the heart.
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 03a 3.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Nothing would make me feel prouder than knowing that my words of advice are of some help to you.
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 03a 4.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That would imply that you trust me and proves that I am capable of helping you solve your problems.
::{{DIcon}} Can I rely on your words of wisdom in the future?
:::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm at your service.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' In fact... would you like me to compile a guide for you...?
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It would contain all kinds of practical knowledge for at home and on the road, including the techniques I have developed for communicating with people from all walks of life. I'd like to share it all with you.
::{{DIcon}} That sounds extremely useful.
::{{DIcon}} You never fail to impress me, Kaeya.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha... My pleasure!
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'd better get to work then...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Kaeya.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Morning to you too, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Don't forget that I'm always here for you if you ever need to pour your heart out.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Kaeya.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Is it that time already? I'm not sure I'm ready to say goodbye.
::{{A|vo kaeya mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But then again... one has to get one's beauty sleep. Alright then, good night.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Bird and Blossom Park===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md kaeya park 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Staying here feels like being in Mondstadt. The only difference is that I won't be bothered by any of my duties as one of the [[Knights of Favonius]].
:{{A|vo mimitomo md kaeya park 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Imagine bringing a bottle of finely-aged wine here and having a taste... Now, wouldn't that be bliss?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md kaeya park 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' When that time comes, let's chat as we do right now, friend.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dawn Orchard===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md kaeya vineyard 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Promise me that once the grapes ripen, you won't press them into juice. Grapes are best turned into delectable wine.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md kaeya vineyard 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Heh, I just remembered my days back at the [[Dawn Winery|winery]].
:{{A|vo mimitomo md kaeya vineyard 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Why don't I let you in on the secrets of winemaking?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Кэйа/Компаньон]]
[[uk:Кая/Супутник(ця)]]