{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Story Quest Kaeya A1 Kaeya's Troubles.png
|id            = 00461
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Pavo Ocellus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Secret Pirate Treasure
|character     = Kaeya
|requirement   = Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]] and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 5
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|next          = Mystery of the Arcadian Ruins
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 3,225
|other         = {{Card|Wanderer's Advice|8}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Cyrus;Jack;Kaeya;Paimon;Stanley;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Kaeya's Troubles''' is the first part of [[Kaeya]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Pavo Ocellus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Secret Pirate Treasure]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Kaeya
# Talk to Kaeya at the meeting spot
# Go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]] and listen to their report
# Report to Kaeya

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You bump into Kaeya, whom you first met during [[Stormterror]]'s attack, at the [[Knights of Favonius]] headquarters.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kaeya inside the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' This is bad... Such a hassle... What am I going to do...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong, Kaeya?
:{{DIcon}} You don't usually lose your chill.
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, thank the Thousand Winds! (Traveler), your arrival must be the grace of the gods!
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If I may ask &mdash; envoy sent by the Anemo God to save this mere mortal &mdash; could you spare a moment?
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ewwww, cut it out!
:{{DIcon}} Can't say I don't have time...
::{{A|vo kylq001 1 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Marvelous!
:{{DIcon}} Tell me what happened.
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I cannot let my peers hear about this! I cannot seek help from anyone else but you.
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Please, let us move to somewhere more fit for such conversations...
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let's talk in the courtyard just outside the headquarters. Come with me.
:{{A|vo kylq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's with the sneakiness...

----

;(Talk to Kaeya at the meeting spot)
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' This place will do.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tell us what it's about already!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' How should I begin... Oh, right, let me tell you a secret first.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's a secret of my past, and I confide in you to keep it.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Paimon's lips are sealed.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' As a matter of fact, my grandfather was a pirate!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Wait, why do you sound so blithe? Do you think I'm making it up?
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Look at my eye patch! I inherited it from my grandfather and this is solid proof that we are related by blood!
:{{DIcon}} I never knew you could inherit eye patches.
::{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' My! (Traveler), how could you not know such common knowledge!
::{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' This is no different from children inheriting their hairstyle from their parents!
:{{DIcon}} How surprising.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Yesterday I was glancing through the notes my grandfather left and stumbled upon records that spoke of a {{Color|buzzword|treasure}}...
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Treasure!?
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' According to his notes, the treasure is buried in the "Lost Arcadian Ruins."
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Treasure...
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But the location of the ruins is currently unknown. I've tried searching for clues...
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Treasure!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kaeya! What kind of treasure is it? Gold? Or better yet, gems!?
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmph! Treasures that consist of nothing but gold and gems are third-rate treasures...
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' My grandfather's treasure is a sword!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A magic sword that grants the wielder unrivaled power!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh wowwwww!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The sword was dropped from Celestia into the sea by a god. It was later salvaged by my grandfather's crew by pure coincidence.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The moment he gripped the sword, thunder roared, billows hollowed, and the clear skies were suddenly swallowed by raging winds...
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' With the might of the magic sword, my grandfather went on to defeat a hydra, a silver-haired banshee, a wicked abyss dragon...
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But the immense power of the sword enticed many more greedy pirates.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 19.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' To avoid meaningless conflicts, my grandfather hid the magic sword.
:{{DIcon}} Eight-headed hydras, silver-haired banshees... Do they really exist?
::{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 20.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The world we live in is fascinating, full of unknown and inexplicable wonders.
:{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 21.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' These incredibly thrilling adventures are romances that could only be told by pirates.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Holy moley! That's just insane!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 22.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A gang of {{Color|buzzword|Treasure Hoarders}} has been very active lately and many ruins have had their relics stolen by them.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 23.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm afraid that they will soon discover the Arcadian Ruins and the magic sword will be lost...
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We won't let it fall into the wrong hands! We must get the sword before them.
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You just rest assured that Paimon and (Traveler) are here to help!
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 24.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Wow~
:{{A|vo kylq001 2 kaeya 25.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Great! Please keep it a secret. I'll wait for your good news!

:{{Color|menu|Talk to Paimon}}
:{{A|vo kylq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! So whatcha think, (Traveler)? Isn't it exciting? We're talking about a super-duper powerful sword!
:{{DIcon}} Is it true?
:{{DIcon}} Is it really, really true?
:{{A|vo kylq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... let's go to the {{Color|buzzword|Adventurers' Guild}} and see if we can find out more.
:{{A|vo kylq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The adventurers should know more about the ruins, right?

;(Talk to Kaeya again inside the Knights of Favonius Headquarters, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog kylq001 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm a bit busy right now. Do try to find more... clues... You know what I mean.

----

;(Talk to [[Jack]])
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 jack 06.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Hey! Are you a new adventurer? Wanna join my adventure team?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'd like to ask...
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Do you have any intel on the Arcadian Ruins?
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 jack 02.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Arcadian... Can't say I've heard of it. Sorry, I'm still new here, so...
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really...
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 jack 03.ogg}} '''Jack:''' But you can try posting a commission and see if there are any adventurers who know about it.
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a no-no! No way.
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can't afford them beating us to the treasure!
:{{DIcon}} (Now she's done it...)
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 jack 04.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Really!?
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 jack 05.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Well then, I'll keep a lookout for your treasure &mdash; I mean, your Arcadian Ruins.
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Thanks!

;(Talk to Jack again)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Tell me about the Arcadian Ruins
:{{A|vo dialog kylq001 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Should I go look for it as well? Oh, I'm just joking. I hope you guys find it.

----

;(Talk to [[Stanley]] at the [[Angel's Share]] tavern)
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 stanley 06.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' I'm Stanley. Remember my name. You're also here for my stories, aren't you?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} No. We're here for...
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope. We just want to know if you've been to the Arcadian Ruins?
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 stanley 02.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Arcadian Ruins? Imagine that... So there are places that I haven't been to...
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Even the great Stanley doesn't know?
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 stanley 03.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Never mind this Arcadia... You need to know what happened to me on the Mare Jivari and in the Geyser Realm...
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We don't have time for your stories. Think hard, please. We need clues.
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 stanley 04.ogg}} '''Stanley:'''The Mare Jivari... It was a place of death...
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gosh...
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When we find the Arcadian {{Color|buzzword|treasure}}, our story will definitely be better than your stupid stories!
:{{DIcon}} (Now she's done it...)
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 stanley 05.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Treasure...? Even Tales too?
:{{A|vo kylq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! It's a waste of time talking to him. Let's go already.

;(Talk to Stanley again)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Tell me about the Arcadian Ruins
:{{A|vo dialog kylq001 stanley 01.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' If you are not here for my stories, we have nothing to talk about.

----

;(Talk to [[Cyrus]])
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 cyrus 05.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Hey, kiddo! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild!
:{{DIcon|Quest}} We're looking for...
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! We're not here for something that boring!
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're looking for a sword that fell from Celestia... One that can kill eight-headed banshees and silver-haired hydras.
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's super, mega, uber powerful!
:{{DIcon}} It's eight-headed hydras and silver-haired banshees...
::{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's what Paimon said! It's a super epic sword!
::{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 04a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, it's fine as long as Paimon doesn't tell them the treasure's location!
:{{DIcon}} You've said too much.
::{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's fine! As long as Paimon doesn't tell them the treasure's location!
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Cyrus, do you know where the Lost Arcadian Ruins are supposed to be?
:{{DIcon}} (Now she's done it...)
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 cyrus 03.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Arcadian Ruins... Never heard of them.
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 cyrus 04.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Thanks for your intel anyway. If you do find these ruins, I'd love to see them.
:{{A|vo kylq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... my... intel...?
:'''???:''' ...

:{{Color|menu|As the conversation ends, a suspicious character quietly slinks away from the scene...}}

:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still no clues...
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it's not like it's gonna be easy! Come one, it's the hiding place of the super amazing sword!
:{{A|vo kylq001 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, we should go meet up with Kaeya first.

;(Talk to Cyrus again)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Tell me about the Arcadian Ruins
:{{A|vo dialog kylq001 cyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' I am interested in your search, but I just don't have any intel for you.

----

;(Report to Kaeya at the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, you're back. Do you have news for me?
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Listen, we asked around the Adventurers' Guild and found... Well, nothing.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha... That much is expected.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why is that?
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, I only mean that, what's the fun in finding it without the hard work?
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' However, I do have some clues.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I sent someone to collect black market intel. It seems that someone does know about the Arcadian Ruins.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Where's the guy?
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Now, now, as per the black market's rules, they will send someone to meet us to prevent leaks.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' We will be meeting the informant at the [[Whispering Woods]].
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, what are we waiting for?
:{{DIcon}} It's not ideal for Kaeya to show his face.
::{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That's right. You read my mind.
::{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I am a knight... so I shouldn't have any dealing with the black market.
:{{DIcon}} We'll get the intel back to you.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You have my thanks.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Of course, you'll be compensated for your troubles... by the Knights.
:{{A|vo kylq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, no problemo!
{{dialogue end}}
<!--
===Unsorted===
* {{A|vo dialog kylq001 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The location is in the [[Whispering Woods]] &mdash; you haven't forgotten, right?
* {{A|vo kylq001 4 cyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Oh, what is it? You want to join the Adventurers' Guild?
* {{A|vo kylq001 4 cyrus 02.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' We just happen to have an opening for a good chef...
* {{A|vo kylq001 5 stanley 01.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Hey there. You're here for my stories, aren't you?-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kaeya's Troubles
|zhs     = 凯亚的难题
|zhs_rm  = Kǎiyà de Nántí
|zht     = 凱亞的難題
|zht_rm  = Kǎiyà de Nántí
|zh_tl   = Kaeya's Difficult Troubles
|ja      = ガイアの難題
|ja_rm   = Gaia no Nandai
|ja_tl   = Kaeya's Difficult Troubles
|ko      = 케이아의 난제
|ko_rm   = Ke'i'a-ui Nanje
|ko_tl   = Kaeya's Dilemma
|es      = Los problemas de Kaeya
|es_tl   = Kaeya's Troubles
|fr      = Le problème de Kaeya
|fr_tl   = The Problem of Kaeya
|ru      = Проблемы Кэйи
|ru_tl   = Kaeya's Problems
|th      = ปัญหาของ Kaeya
|th_rm   = Pan-ha khong Kaeya
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Việc Khó Xử Của Kaeya
|vi_tl   = Kaeya's Dilemma
|de      = Kaeyas Problem
|de_tl   = Kaeya's Trouble
|id      = Persoalan Kaeya
|id_tl   = Kaeya's Troubles
|pt      = Problemas de Kaeya
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kaeya'nın Sorunları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I guai di Kaeya
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
[[es:Los problemas de Kaeya]]
[[ja:ガイアの難題]]