{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Story Quest Kaeya A1 Kaeya's Gain.png
|id            = 00463
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Pavo Ocellus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Secret Pirate Treasure
|character     = Kaeya
|startLocation = [[Dadaupa Gorge]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Dadaupa Gorge
|prev          = Mystery of the Arcadian Ruins
|domain        = Lost Treasure of Arcadia
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Primogem*60;Mora*3,850;Teachings of Ballad*5;Harbinger of Dawn*1;Wanderer's Advice*10;Fine Enhancement Ore*4
|characters    = Izzard; Kaeya; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Kaeya's Gain''' is the third and final part of {{Quest|Secret Pirate Treasure}}.

==Steps==
# Discuss your next step with [[Paimon]]
# Use the [[Treasure Map|map]] to find the buried treasure
# Enter the depths of the ruin
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Lost Treasure of Arcadia]]
# Defeat the [[Ruin Guard]]
# Listen to Kaeya explain the truth about the treasure

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After much thinking, you finally solved the riddles contained within the intel you were given. The lost Arcadian Ruins are now within your reach!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the location at [[Falcon Coast]])
:{{A|vo kylq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This must be the Arcadian Ruins.
:{{A|vo kylq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it just me, or does it look... plain?
:{{A|vo kylq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it! The perfect disguise is always in plain sight!
:{{A|vo kylq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kaeya's grandpa sure is impressive.
:'''???:''' *pitter-patter*
:{{DIcon}} Listen, Paimon...
:{{A|vo kylq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Mice.
:{{DIcon}} You didn't even try, did you?
:{{A|vo kylq003 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's no time to get suspicious. We're close!
:{{A|vo kylq003 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hurry! The treasure is waiting for us!

----

;(After defeating opponents in the ruin)
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Is this the end?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where are you, my treasure!?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's look around, {{Traveler}}.
:;(The suspicious individual reveals himself)
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hahaha... I'll save you the trouble.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 02.ogg}} '''???:''' How about you let me take over?
:{{DIcon}} The [[Treasure Hoarders]]?
::{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Sharp eye, but too slow.
:{{DIcon}} The black market?
::{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Well, I did have dealings with them.
::{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 05.ogg}} '''???:''' But them and their stupid principles... Losers who can't make a fortune.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 06.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' I'm [[Izzard]].
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 07.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' I thank you both on behalf of the Treasure Hoarders.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've been keeping a low profile, how did word get out?
:{{DIcon}} Low... profile...?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! Paimon won't let you have the treasure without a fight!
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 08.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' You would be wise to not underestimate us.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 09.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' My gang is just outside waiting for my order.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 10.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' However, they're not as... sociable as me.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm sorry to rain on your parade...
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But your gang won't be participating in your current plan.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If you'd like to ask why, you can go see them... in Mondstadt Prison.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Or perhaps you'd prefer to join them permanently?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 11.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' The [[Knights of Favonius|Knights]]...?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Kaeya!
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kaeya, he wants to steal your treasure! Get him!
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 12.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' Ugh... almost had it!
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, you mean the treasure?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sorry, but there wasn't any treasure to begin with.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You came all the way... for nothing. Just give it up.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No... treasure?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did Kaeya just say, there isn't any treasure?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 13.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' Hah. You got me good. Didn't think the Knights would resort to such tactics.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A thief has no right to criticize the methods of the Knights of Fav&mdash; Wait, what are you...
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 14.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' You're not gonna get me!
:;(Door unlocks to reveal a Ruin Guard)
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 15.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' Okay... Oh god... Wh&mdash;What is this? I didn't mean it!

;(A Ruin Guard awakens)
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha... What a troublemaker.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 16.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' You! Knight! You're not gonna watch me die, are ya?
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm, what an interesting suggestion.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 17.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' Fine! I'll confess and go quietly! Please, just help me!
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright then. Guess I will have to do some overtime work after all.
:;(After defeating the Ruin Guard)
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 18.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' How embarrassing... Having my life saved by a knight...
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Don't forget what you promised... or that thing will be the least of your worries.
:{{A|vo kylq003 4 izzard 19.ogg}} '''Izzard:''' Hey... Is this how the Knights of Favonius treat the people they catch?
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm just joking. Alright... Let's take him back.
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 knight 01.ogg}} '''Knight of Favonius:''' Sir! Yes sir!
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 knight 02.ogg}} '''Knight of Favonius:''' Captain, should we take these two in as well?
:{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, of course not. They are the ones who made this arrest possible.
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Without them spreading our {{Color|buzzword|fabricated intel}}, we wouldn't have been able to catch the Treasure Hoarders.
:{{DIcon}} So the intel is fake.
:{{DIcon}} There is no treasure.
:{{DIcon}} You lied to us?
:{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *cries* You're a bad man for lying to me... Shame on the Knights!
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright, alright... Stop it already.
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Though the treasure doesn't exist, you did want it for yourself, didn't you?
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Otherwise, you would have informed me of your intentions, no?
:{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That... well... ah... Hmph!
:{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go, {{Traveler}}. Paimon's done talking to him!
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ha. Just a sec.
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You did help me out, so you do deserve a reward.
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' This is the "Triumphant Harbinger of Dawn That Points Towards Victory." As its name suggests, it symbolizes light and victory.
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If you don't mind, I would like to present you with this [[Harbinger of Dawn]] as a reward.
:{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Harbinger of Dawn?
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That's right. It suits a well-cultured and disciplined person such as yourself, wouldn't you say, Paimon?
:{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... If the reward is this Harbinger of Dawn...
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You'd forgive me, right?
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm honored to have such an understanding friend.
:{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes... yes...
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You have my apologies for the deception. I will not use the same method twice.
:{{DIcon}} ...Paimon has been completely charmed.
:{{DIcon}} Means you'll use a different method next time?
:;(If you didn't ask Kaeya for any clues during [[Mystery of the Arcadian Ruins]])
::{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What a surprise that you solved the puzzles all by yourself and arrived before me.
::{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it was you who left all those clues?
::{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Indeed. However, even I believed the clues were too vague to be of any help to you.
::{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I was prepared to answer your questions...
::{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 19.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Quite impressive. This was the only thing that I did not anticipate in the entire operation.
::{{DIcon}} It was a cakewalk!
::{{DIcon}} Uh, actually, I tapped into other sources for help...
::{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 20.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' No matter what you say, I acknowledge your wisdom. After all, wisdom itself does not deceive.
::{{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But some people do enjoy deceiving others with their wits!
::{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 21.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha...
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 22.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What a wonderful day. Now, I have to go interrogate my suspect...
:{{A|vo kylq003 5 kaeya 23.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Please excuse me. Do come visit me at our headquarters when you have the chance.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
<!--
===Unsorted===
* {{A|vo kylq003 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, that was nothing!
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kaeya's Gain
|zhs     = 凯亚的收获
|zhs_rm  = Kǎiyà de Shōuhuò
|zht     = 凱亞的收穫
|zht_rm  = Kǎiyà de Shōuhuò
|zh_tl   = Kaeya's Harvest
|ja      = ガイアの収穫
|ja_rm   = Gaia no Shuukaku
|ja_tl   = Kaeya's Harvest
|ko      = 케이아의 수확
|ko_rm   = Keia-ui Suhwak
|ko_tl   = Kaeya's Harvest
|es      = La ganancia de Kaeya
|es_tl   = Kaeya's Gains
|fr      = Récolte de Kaeya
|fr_tl   = Kaeya's Harvest
|ru      = Выгода Кэйи
|ru_tl   = Kaeya's Gain
|th      = การเก็บเกี่ยวของ Kaeya
|th_rm   = Kan Kep Kiao khong Kaeya
|th_tl   = Kaeya's Harvest
|vi      = Thu Hoạch Của Kaeya
|vi_tl   = Kaeya's Harvest
|de      = Kaeyas Erfolg
|de_tl   = Kaeya's Success
|id      = Perolehan Kaeya
|id_tl   = Kaeya's Gain
|pt      = Ganância de Kaeya
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kaeya'nın Kazancı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vantaggio di Kaeya
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:La ganancia de Kaeya]]
[[ja:ガイアの収穫]]
[[pt-br:Ganância de Kaeya]]
[[vi:Thu Hoạch Của Kaeya]]