{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Kamera.png
|type         = Item Groups
|type2        = Gadgets
}}
'''Kamera Gadgets''' are [[Gadget]]s that can be placed in the Quick Use slot to allow the player to take pictures. Using a Kamera instantly takes a picture of the current screen and displays the captured shot. The player can choose to save the picture or not. Unlike in [[Photo Mode]], there are no settings available to adjust the photo's content or position.

Some Kameras have different effects. Some Kameras are only available during the [[Kamera Event]] they were released in and expire after the events' duration.

==Types==
{{Items by Category List|Kamera Gadgets}}

==Trivia==
* The Kamera is likely inspired by the invention of the first camera on Earth, the {{w|daguerreotype}}, as the Kamera originates from [[Fontaine]], and the daguerreotype was invented in France.
** This may be reflected by the Spanish and French localizations' names for the Kamera, which are {{es|Daguerrotipo}} and {{fr|Daguerréotype}}, respectively.
* The Kamera's method of producing instant photos may be inspired by the Polaroid {{w|instant camera}}s.
* The Kamera's design resembles a {{w|Twin-lens reflex camera|twin-lens reflex}} film camera, which has two lenses, one for viewfinder and another for taking pictures.

===Etymology===
* "Kamera" stems from the Latin phrase "{{w|Camera obscura|camera obscūra}}," meaning "dark chamber," and thus literally translates to "chamber."

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Gadget Navbox}}

[[Category:Kamera Gadgets| ]]

[[ja:写真機の便利アイテム]]
[[pt-br:Aparelhos Fotográficos]]