{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Kamei Munehisa.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|location2        = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Shogun's Army
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|affiliation2     = Gourmet Supremos
|title            = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Kamei Munehisa''' {{Lang|ja=亀井宗久}} is a quest-exclusive NPC for the [[Gourmet Supremos]] series.

==Profile==
Kamei Munehisa was a yoriki who served in the [[Shogun's Army]]. He had a habit of making small portion dishes to go with wine, and so learned how to make things such as [[Tri-Flavored Skewer]]s. He apparently was also often assigned cooking duty in whatever group he was in and became used to preparing meals for many people by himself.

When the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was enacted, Kamei felt that the Shogunate's actions were wrong and left the army. Instead of becoming a ronin like many deserting samurai had done, Kamei opted to live an honest lifestyle and tried to look for employment, but many shunned him, believing him to be a ronin himself. As a result, Kamei would occasionally go out to forage for food but had difficulty trying to keep himself afloat.

Some of Kamei's friends resorted to banditry and attempted to convince him to join the group, but he refused each and every time they came, citing his morals.

Kamei would encounter the [[Traveler]] and [[Gourmet Supremos]] during his travels, having encountered them after clearing a group of [[hilichurls]] and taking what he needed. Sometime later, he was confronted by his former friends yet again. When they saw [[Julie]], they assumed he had joined another clan to kill them. Kamei fought the group off as best he could and was eventually saved by the Traveler. The Gourmet Supremos then decided to take Kamei with them for extra security as he could fight off human enemies; while he would not be paid particularly well, he would not have to worry about food. Kamei accepted the offer and gave [[Xudong]] the recipe for [[Sashimi Platter]], which he had learned while working for the Shogunate. Xudong would make a copy and pass it onto the Traveler as a reward.

===Appearance===
Kamei Munehisa wears a  lavender ''shitagi'', indigo ''kobakama'', and he is barefoot in ''waraji'' sandals. His eggplant-colored armor with dark gold accents consists of ''dou'' (breastplate) with the [[Inazuma Shogunate]]'s crest, ''han-kote'' (half-armored sleeves), ''haidate'' (thigh guards), and ''sune-ate'' (greaves). He is also wearing ''sode'' (shoulder armor) on his left shoulder. Kamei carries a ''katana'' at his hips on the left side with the blade facing down.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*His given name 宗久 (Munehisa) can be also read as "Soukyuu" by using the Sino-Japanese reading of the kanji. As such, his name may be an homage to {{Lang|{{w|Imai Sōkyū|Imai Soukyuu}}|ja=今井宗久}},<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=28016578 闲聊杂谈:关于稻妻人名地名角色天赋命座的考据(更新珊瑚宫心海九条裟罗考据)]</ref> a 16th-century Japanese merchant and tea ceremony artist. He was largely influential in the development of Japanese aesthetics and cuisine and is considered to be one of the Three Great Tea Masters of Japan in his period.
**His surname Kamei is perhaps a word play on that of the historical figure. {{Lang|''Ima''|ja=今}} in Imai means "now" or "present," whereas {{Lang|''kame''|ja=亀}} in Kamei means a "turtle," which is regarded as a symbol of longevity in Japan.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kamei Munehisa
|zhs     = 龟井宗久
|zhs_rm  = Guījǐng Zōngjiǔ
|zht     = 龜井宗久
|zht_rm  = Guījǐng Zōngjiǔ
|ja      = 亀井宗久
|ja_rm   = Kamei Munehisa
|ko      = 카메이 무네히사
|es      = Kamei Munehisa
|fr      = Kamei Munehisa
|ru      = Камэи Мунэхиса
|th      = Kamei Munehisa
|vi      = Kamei Munehisa
|de      = Kamei Munehisa
|id      = Kamei Munehisa
|pt      = Kamei Munehisa
|tr      = Kamei Munehisa
|it      = Kamei Munehisa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Kamei Munehisa]]
[[pt-br:Kamei Munehisa]]