{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kamisato Ayaka
|id             = 368137
|image          = Character Kamisato Ayaka Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kamisato Ayaka''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*How pleasant...
*The art of the sword...
*Traveler...
*The Yashiro Commission...
*Tea ceremony...

When the player is nearby:
*Hello...
*I was just thinking of you...

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hello, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' O&mdash;One moment please...
:{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo hello 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' If I had known you'd pay me a visit, I would have spent more time getting ready...
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Haha, you've no need to worry.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The sights here are nothing like what I've seen at home. There are new wonders to be found with each step.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But there's also an added layer of significance to it, because this place belongs to you.
::{{DIcon}} Make yourself at home. I mean it quite literally, haha.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh...
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That would be too unseemly...
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' However, I appreciate your kindness.
::{{DIcon}} I hope that it's a place where you can let go of your worries and just relax.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hm... I appreciate your kindness.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I wouldn't dare "let go" and "relax." However, I am more grateful for being able to rest here for a while.
::{{DIcon}} It's my pleasure.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ahaha... That's very considerate of you. However, you don't have to go above and beyond for me.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please let me know if you ever need my assistance. I hope I can be of some help to you too.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to chat?
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'd be delighted. What would you like to talk about...?
::{{DIcon}} Let's talk about poetry.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' My affection for the arts stems from the education I received at home.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Whenever I try to delve deeper into the meaning behind the words of a poem, I gain a better understanding of the author's state of mind.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Through the author's eyes, I can immerse myself in the sights that only they have seen. Even if the subject is well-known to me, I am able to gain a deeper level of appreciation for it.
:::{{DIcon}} I feel the same way.
::{{DIcon}} Let's talk about natural scenery.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Talking about the beauty of nature, it is important to mention that the people of Inazuma believe that everything has its own spiritual essence.
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Even though we might be familiar with the way nature looks on the surface, each type of scenery evokes a different kind of "feeling."
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' At least, that's a romantic way of approaching this topic.
:::{{DIcon}} I feel the same way.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' "Camellia petals fall to the ground, scattered among the raindrops of yesterday."
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Just reading it makes me sentimental. This must be what people call "the power of art."
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah... How rude of me to talk about my own interests all the time.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Even though I initially wanted to take this opportunity to learn more about you...
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Would you mind if I took up a bit more of your time? Tell me about the things you like.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Is that alright?

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hm... Would you like to exchange views on the art of tea-making?
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' In other words... Do you want to try my home-made matcha?
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I have read in a book before that Mondstadt and Liyue each have their own, unique tea cultures.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But when it comes to the intricacies of tea-making, the people of Inazuma also have their insights.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'd like you to try some authentic Inazuma Matcha and tell me what you think!
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Perhaps your feedback will also deepen my understanding of the tea ceremony.
:::{{DIcon}} I'm pretty sure that someone of your status shouldn't be making tea for me.
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please don't say that.
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You're the one who's embarked on epic journeys to distant places and achieved many great feats.
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07a 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The title of "the daughter of the Kamisato Clan" and involvement in the Yashiro Commission pales in comparison to the depths of your experiences.
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07a 4.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' More importantly... I hope that, between the two of us, we need not be concerned with our identities...
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07a 5.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'll just think of you as... my closest confidant.
:::{{DIcon}} Let me make some desserts to go along with the tea.
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Really?!
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ahem... Please excuse my lack of manners. It is because I'm excited.
::::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 07b 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Being able to enjoy tea with my closest confidant &mdash; it feels like I'm in a dream...
:::{{DIcon}} (Closest confidant...)
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...
:::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Can I... Hold your hand?

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Ayaka.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Good morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' With the cerulean sky and chirping birds accompanying you today, I am certain you will have a pleasant journey.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Goodnight, Ayaka.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' What a soothing evening.
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Or is it because you are here with me?
::{{A|vo ayaka mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe, good night, (Traveler).
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===A Thousand Swings===
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{A|vo mimitomo dq ayaka dojo 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Having a dojo in one's home is akin to placing one's sword on the table. It is a reminder to never be negligent.
: {{A|vo mimitomo dq ayaka dojo 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' One of the fundamental principles of the Kamisato Art of Tachi Jutsu is to  constantly sharpen your mind, as you would a blade.
: {{A|vo mimitomo dq ayaka dojo 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Since we're both here, would you like to train together?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Summer Night's Recollection===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayaka fiesta 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' These stalls look to have been quite carefully arranged.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayaka fiesta 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's a little deserted here, but it's enough for us to put aside our troubles and enjoy some festive fun and relaxation. Even if it's just the two of us, and even if it's our own kind of festival.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayaka fiesta 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you. This truly makes me happy.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Аяка/Компаньон]]