{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kamisato Ayato
|id             = 368148
|image          = Character Kamisato Ayato Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kamisato Ayato''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Business...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hmm, interesting...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} In the Tri-Commission...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My family...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Seems like fun...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hello there...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Good timing...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ayato mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo ayato mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Good timing. I have a job that needs doing, and you are the only one who can do it.
:{{A|vo ayato mimitomo hello 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' ...Hehe, just wanted to see how you'd react.
:{{DIcon}} Are you settling in okay?
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Most definitely.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I have seen furnishings like these plenty of times before, though I don't believe I've seen them arranged in this particular fashion.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The layout is clearly inspired and thoroughly distinctive... Simply marvelous.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' In fact, I'm inclined to have the Yashiro Commission headquarters remodeled in this style.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Would you object to overseeing the project and making sure everything is to the right specifications?
::{{DIcon}} I feel like you're probably joking...?
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 06a.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah, what gave it away? My acting skills appear to have deteriorated.
::{{DIcon}} Uh... I don't think that's a good idea.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 06b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Heh, why the pained expression?
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 06b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Well, if it's really that much trouble, I won't force it.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' In any case, this place is refreshingly different.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You may find me visiting you here quite often.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If you wish to chat, then by all means, let's chat. What's on your mind?
::{{DIcon}} How's work in the Yashiro Commission?
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I had thought you'd be inquiring about more personal matters.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Heh, you don't need to worry about me being overworked.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Case in point &mdash; I still have the energy to chat with you here.
:::{{DIcon}} But don't you find the work draining?
::::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 4a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' People tend to find work draining if they haven't yet discovered what they are trying to protect.
::::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 4a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I, at least, don't have this problem.
::::{{DIcon}} Well, hats off to you.
:::{{DIcon}} But don't you think there's too much to do?
::::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 4b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh, you mean my workload? Yes, it's rather enormous. But there's nothing that can be done about that.
::::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 4b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' All I can do is try to work through each item as intelligently as possible.
::::{{DIcon}} Well, hats off to you.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 5.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I am flattered beyond belief to receive your praise and concern for my well-being.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 02a 6.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But you needn't worry. At present, there is no one more suitable than I to be in the position of Yashiro Commissioner.
::{{DIcon}} How's life in the Yashiro Commission?
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Life? ...Once work is accounted for, precious little time remains to allocate to my personal life.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If this is something that concerns you, I see a simple solution: you can be my valet.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' My diet and other day-to-day needs will be your responsibility.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 4.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh... as far as diet is concerned, I'm not a picky eater. And as for everything else... No, actually I don't think I have any peculiar habits that you need to be aware of.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 5.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Though if you ever discover anything that tastes new and different, bring some back for me too.
:::{{DIcon}} For example, strange new dishes?
::::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 6a.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hmm... yes, why not. Worth a try.
::::{{DIcon}} ...Oh, you're actually being serious this time.
:::{{DIcon}} For example, new kinds of milk tea?
::::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 6b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Precisely. I'm looking forward to it already.
::::{{DIcon}} ...Oh, you're actually being serious this time.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 7.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Indeed, I am.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship2 2b 8.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's entirely up to you. Take your time and give it some thought. Consider it an ongoing discussion.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Have you ever taken a dog for a walk, {{Traveler}}?
::{{DIcon}} ...Taken a dog for a walk?
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Yes. Where you stroll together with a canine companion.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Dogs are instinctually loyal. But no matter how well-behaved a dog might be, it gets unhappy if it's cooped up in the same place for too long.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Bringing it outdoors and watching it run free and enjoy itself is a splendid way to relax. It puts you in a good mood.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Don't you want to try?
::{{DIcon}} I'm a little nervous...
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Don't worry. My staff will be sure to pick out a sufficiently docile dog for you.
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Failing that... There's always Taroumaru.
:::{{DIcon}} Alright, I guess I can give it a try.
::{{DIcon}} Sure!
:::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 06b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Heh, raring to go, I see.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Alright then. If you have any reservations starting out, we can treat this as a practice area.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Once you've reached the point where you're able to enjoy it, we can head out onto the streets.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Drinking some milk tea and walking the dogs... I wouldn't be surprised if it causes some commotion.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Heh, not that I mind, of course.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Ayato.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Shall we have breakfast together? I'll have my staff prepare something.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Goodnight, Ayato.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo ayato mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Relax and sleep well. Nobody would dare disturb you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Court of the Upright===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayato courtyard 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This is a truly exceptional design. The architectural style borrows from the Tri-Commission mansions, and the general arrangement is very aesthetically pleasing.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayato courtyard 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The familiar environment makes me feel right at home, and good company only adds to the exquisiteness of the occasion.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayato courtyard 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hmm, truly delightful.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Summer Night's Recollection===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayato fiesta 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah... this reminds me of when Ayaka was young, and we would visit the festival together...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayato fiesta 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's immaculate. Even I, as Yashiro Commissioner, cannot find any fault with the way you have designed this place.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq ayato fiesta 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Since it's just the two of us here... shall we take a stroll together?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Kamisato Ayato/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Kamisato Ayato/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Kamisato Ayato/Compagnia]]
[[ja:神里綾人/仲間]]
[[ru:Аято/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Kamisato Ayato/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Kamisato Ayato/Bạn Đồng Hành]]