{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|image            = NPC Kamuna Harunosuke.png
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Kamuna Clan
|affiliation2     = Inazuma Shogunate
|affiliation3     = The Yougou Three
|affiliationNote3 = formerly
|title            = Narukami's Envoy
|title2           = Onmyouji
|title3           = Mysterious Man
|title4           = Master Kamuna
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm1042068|Jon Allen]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/kingjonallen/status/1453473475029463041 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = [https://haikyo.co.jp/profile/profile.php?ActorID=11659 Haruo Yamagishi (山岸治雄さん)]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Haruo_Yamagishi-/status/1455524645059264516 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
{{Lang|'''Kamuna Harunosuke'''|ja=惟神晴之介|ja_rm=Kamuna Harunosuke}} was a historical figure in [[Inazuma]] who lived 500 years ago. He was an onmyouji who was dual-trained by the [[Adepti]] of [[Liyue]] and Inazuma's [[Tengu]] as part of [[The Yougou Three]].<ref name="The Narukami Trail">{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail}}</ref> He was the person who petrified [[Ioroi]] into a statue, and the last person to perform the [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]] before the [[Traveler]]'s arrival.

He appears as the '''Mysterious Man''' during certain [[Earth Kitsune Statue]]s' flashbacks in the "[[Sacrificial Offering]]" [[World Quest]].

==Profile==
Harunosuke was an onmyouji from the Kamuna Clan, which developed the Kamuna arts utilized in modern times by the [[Kairagi]].<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Kairagi: Dancing Thunder}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Kairagi: Fiery Might}}</ref> The arts include paper seals that can coat weapons with elemental energy, even when the users have no [[Vision]]s. Other developments he is responsible for include the art of Onmyoudou and the creation of [[Shiki Taishou]].<ref name="The Narukami Trail" /> He also owned an esoteric domain called the [[Mystic Onmyou Chamber]].<ref name="Labyrinth Warriors"> The event [[Labyrinth Warriors]].</ref>

===Personality===
Harunosuke is described by the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] as an "easygoing young man,"<ref name="Hakushin Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring}}</ref> and he had a rather playful personality even into his older age. While sealing Ioroi away into a stone statue, he told the bake-danuki to strike a nice pose so they can become nice scenery.

==Story==
Harunosuke, alongside [[Asase Hibiki]] and [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]], went to [[Mt. Yougou]] to learn the [[Yougou Tengu]]'s arts from [[Reizenbou]].<ref name="Tanuki-Bayashi">{{Ref/Quest|Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest}}</ref> The three thereafter became known collectively as [[The Yougou Three]].<ref name="The Narukami Trail" /> He also became familiar with [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]],<ref name="Araumi Statue">Interactible: [[Earth Kitsune Statue#Araumi|Earth Kitsune Statue in Araumi]]<br />'''''Someone's Voice:''' "Have you seen Master Tengu, Harunosuke?"''<br />
'''''Someone's Voice:''' "No, I haven't. Must be out fighting... But don't worry! This is the chieftain of the Yougou Tengu we're talking about here!"<br />
'''''Someone's Voice:''' "I'm more worried about Mr. Takamine. Is he going to be alright?"''<br />
'''''Someone's Voice:''' "...Hey, he'll be alright. He made a bet with me, after all..."''</ref> after he became a servant of the Great Tengu in exchange for ownership of [[Thundering Pulse]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref>

During the [[cataclysm]], [[Ei]] led a campaign against the dark forces of [[the Abyss]],<ref>{{Ref/Item|Mask of the One-Horned}}</ref> accompanied by [[Chiyo]], the Great Tengu, the Kitsune Saiguu, and Takamine. Harunosuke expresses his worry over Takamine to Hibiki.<ref name="Araumi Statue" /> Over the course of the cataclysm, Chiyo was corrupted and turned against Ei,<ref>{{Ref/Item|Mask of the Kijin}}</ref> while both Takamine<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref> and the Kitsune Saiguu disappeared.<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /> In the "fury of his mourning," after helplessly watching Kitsune Saiguu sacrifice herself, he left for [[Liyue]] to learn the "more powerful 'way of the [[adepti]].'"<ref name="The Narukami Trail" /><ref name="Hakushin Ring" />

Some decades later, the [[bake-danuki]] Ioroi, unaware of the reason for the Kitsune Saiguu's disappearance and believing she had left him hanging during a game of hide-and-seek, ended up raising trouble in order to try and lure her out. By this point, Harunosuke had returned and was dispatched by the [[Shogunate]] to address the issue. He did so by sealing away many of the bake-danuki, including Ioroi, into stone statues.<ref name="Tanuki-Bayashi" /><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Saimon Eri}}</ref> However, he did not seal some of them properly, causing some of the bake-danuki to eventually escape their prison.

He also met [[Hanachirusato]], a manifestation of the Kitsune Saiguu's memories, and performed a Minor Purification<ref> [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary]]</ref> on Narukami's Sacred Sakuras. During their first meeting, Harunosuke initially mistook Hanachirusato for Saiguu before quickly realizing her true nature as "filth." Nevertheless, he decided to not purify her as well, as she did not pose a danger to Inazuma.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sacrificial Offering}}</ref> After finishing his work, he left locked the ward he used near Saiguu's abandoned shrine, and summoned three Shikigami (the [[Mysterious Shadow]]s) to guard the ward.

At some point, Harunosuke left Inazuma for Liyue, where he took the adepti arts and fused them with his transcension techniques to create the art of Onmyoudou. He used this new art to create the Mystic Onmyou Chamber and created Shiki Taishou. The chamber was intended to be used to help train the Shogunate forces to help defend their nation from the all threats by having Taishou create replicas of himself to be carried on the samurai as they fought enemies. Magical copies of these enemies would then be stored in the chambers, allowing them to train in relative safety. However, the Shogun's intervention in protecting Inazuma eventually made the existence of the chamber pointless. Taishou eventually lifted his burden; seeking a new purpose, no matter how long it took, Harunosuke left for areas unknown.

==Quests and Events==
===World Quests===
* [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]]
**[[Sacrificial Offering]] (as Mysterious Man)

===Events===
*[[Labyrinth Warriors]]
**[[Away With Obsessions and Falsehood]]

==Trivia==
*When Harunosuke refers to "Mr. Takamine" in the Chinese and Japanese versions, he uses the honorific {{Lang|"Uncle"|zh={{wt|大叔||Chinese}}|zh_rm=dàshū|ja={{wt|おじさん||Japanese}}|ja_rm=oji-san|sort=zh,ja}},<ref name="Araumi Statue" /> indicating that Takamine was probably almost a generation older than Harunosuke.
* [[Yae Miko]] could have studied under Harunosuke (who was closely acquainted with her predecessor, the [[Kitsune Saiguu]]) or his school, because the Chinese and Japanese names of her [[Spiritfox Sin-Eater|Normal Attack]] contain the term ''shiki'' ("law," "ceremony," or "formula"), which can mean {{w|shikigami}} in the context of mystic arts.

===Etymology===
*His name {{Lang|Harunosuke|ja=晴之介|ja_lit=Clear Weather's Assistant Head}} may be inspired by {{Lang|{{w|Abe no Seimei|Seimei}}|ja=晴明|ja_lit=Clear and Bright Weather}} (921–1005), the greatest onmyouji both in history and in folklore, whose name is sometimes read as Haruaki or Haruakira using ''kun'' (native) reading.
*As a common noun, the kanji of his surname 惟神 is read as either ''kamunagara'' (original) or ''kannagara'' (euphonic form), meaning "as the will of kami (Japanese native deities and spirits)." The Way of Kamunagara is a synonym for {{w|Shinto}}.
*The fact he went to Liyue to study adepti's power is likely based on the historical fact that {{w|Onmyōdō|onmyoudou}}, a traditional philosophy of astronomy and divination in Japan, was originally inspired by the {{w|Yin and yang|yin-yang}} philosophy in China (''onmyou'' is the euphonic form of ''in'you'', which is the Japanese reading of ''yin-yang'').
*In the third line of the sacred words Harunosuke used, his use of "fried tofu" was a nod to {{w|inarizushi}}, which in Japanese culture is traditionally thought to be a favorite food of foxes, the messengers of the Shinto god Inari.
**"Bring forth the fried tofu!" was also something Saiguu used to say a lot when she was alive.{{cite}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Kamuna Harunosuke
|zhs      = 惟神晴之介
|zhs_rm   = Wéishén Qíngzhījiè
|zht      = 惟神晴之介
|zht_rm   = Wéishén Qíngzhījiè
|ja       = 惟神晴之介
|ja_rm    = Kamuna Harunosuke<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Tricky Situation|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko       = 카무나 하루노스케
|ko_rm    = Kamuna Harunoseuke
|es       = Kamuna Harunosuke
|fr       = Kamuna Harunosuke
|ru       = Камуна Харуносукэ
|th       = Kamuna Harunosuke
|vi       = Kamuna Harunosuke
|de       = Kamuna Harunosuke
|id       = Kamuna Harunosuke
|pt       = Kamuna Harunosuke
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Kamuna Harunosuke]]
[[th:Kamuna Harunosuke]]