{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Kanjou Commission.png
|caption      = 
|leader       = [[Hiiragi Chisato]] (acting/Proxy Clan Head<!-- capitalization intentional -->)<br>[[Hiiragi Shinsuke]] (formerly)<br>[[Hiiragi Clan]]
|base         = [[Inazuma]]
|region       = Inazuma
|affiliation  = [[Inazuma Shogunate]]<br>[[Tri-Commission]]
}}
The {{Lang|'''Kanjou Commission'''|ja=勘定奉行|ja_rm=Kanjou-bugyou}} is the authority who manages [[Inazuma]]'s finances, customs, and borders and is one of the three organizations that comprise the [[Tri-Commission]].<ref name="A Path Through the Storm">{{Ref/Quest|A Path Through the Storm}}</ref><ref name="pv2.0">YouTube:[https://youtu.be/l8YXe7EkmoU Version 2.0 Special Program]</ref> They work with the [[Inazuma Shogunate]] under the rule of the [[Raiden Shogun]]. It is led by the [[Hiiragi Clan]], who are based in [[Ritou]].<ref name="pv2.0" />

The Kanjou Commission have been said by [[Atsuko]] to conduct very difficult assessments to any who wish to leave or enter Inazuma. They have a strong and authoritarian grip over Inazuma's border; [[Bibo]] has called the Inazuma border "simply impenetrable" because of the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] and the [[Sakoku Decree]]. They are also abusive towards the foreigners that reside in Ritou.

Following the events of [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]], like the [[Tenryou Commission]], the Kanjou Commission has lightened up towards foreigners. The Kanjou Commissioner, [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]] was arrested due to his role in the [[Fatui]] plot in Inazuma, which utilized [[Crystal Marrow]] that was collected by the Kanjou Commission. Following his arrest, [[Hiiragi Chisato]], his daughter, became the acting head of the Clan.<ref group="Note">During the events of [[Cypressus Custos Chapter]]: Act I, [[Kujou Kamaji]] and [[Hiiragi Chisato]] were both stated to be the Proxy Clan Heads of their respective Commissions in a wedding announcement. While the wedding announcement was questionable, the positions stated were not. Since Kamaji is the acting head of the Kujou Clan as stated in both Cypresses Custos Chapter: Act I and Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act I, "Proxy Clan Head" likely indicates that Chisato is currently the acting head of the Hiiragi Clan.</ref>

==Personnel==
===Leaders===
* [[Hiiragi Chisato]] &mdash; acting/Proxy Clan Head<!-- capitalization intentional --><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Truth Is Also a Lie}}</ref>

===Civilian Officials===
* [[Hishida]]
* [[Matsuura]]
* [[Yagi]]

===Military===
====Chiefs====
* [[Katsuie]]
====Squad Leaders====
* [[Ebina Gonshirou]]
* [[Sasaki]]
====Officers====
{{column|4|
* [[Chiba]]
* [[Hiromi]]
* [[Kenzaburou]]
* [[Kobayashi]]
* [[Kousaka]]
* [[Kubo]]
* [[Nakano]]
* [[Shinnojou]]
* [[Yokoyama]]
}}
====The Ashigaru====
* [[Kanjou Commission Ashigaru]]
* [[Keijirou]]

===Past Personnel===
* [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]] &mdash; Former Kanjou Commissioner (imprisoned)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|New Shoots from Old Branches}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/BB|Ritou Harbor Bulletin Board|Kanjou Notice: Commissioner Detainment}}</ref>
* [[Hiiragi Hiroshi]] &mdash; Former Kanjou Commissioner during and after the cataclysm<ref>Interactable: [[Earth Kitsune Statue]] (Found in a cave along the west coast of Araumi.)</ref><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Ornate Kabuto}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* In Japan, the ''{{w|kanjō-bugyō|kanjou-bugyou}}'' {{Lang|ja=勘定奉行}} were officials of the Tokugawa shogunate in Edo period Japan. Conventional interpretations have construed these Japanese titles as "commissioner" or "overseer" or "governor". They were the chief financial officials of the numerous domains of government in Japan. The office of ''kanjou-bugyou'' was created in 1787 to upgrade the status and authority of the pre-1787 finance chief (''kanjou-gashira'').
* {{Furnishing Mentions|name=The Kanjou Commission}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kanjou Commission
|zhs     = 勘定奉行
|zhs_rm  = Kāndìng-fèngxíng
|zht     = 勘定奉行
|zht_rm  = Kāndìng-fèngxíng
|zh_tl   = {{w|Bugyō|Bugyou}} of Finance{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja      = 勘定奉行
|ja_rm   = Kanjou-bugyou
|ja_tl   = {{w|Bugyō|Bugyou}} of Finance
|ko      = 간조 봉행(勘定奉行)
|ko_tl   = Kanjou Bugyou
|es      = Comisión Kanjou
|es_tl   = Kanjou Commission
|fr      = Commission économique
|fr_tl   = Economic Commission
|ru      = Комиссия Кандзё
|ru_tl   = Kanjou Commission
|th      = สำนัก Kanjou
|th_rm   = Sam-nak Kanjou
|th_tl   = Kanjou Office
|vi      = {{tt|Hiệp Hội|協會}} Kanjou
|vi_tl   = Kanjou Association
|de      = Kanjou-Verwaltung
|de_tl   = Kanjou Administration
|id      = Kanjou Commission
|pt      = Comissão Kanjou
|pt_tl   = Kanjou Commission
|tr      = Kanjou Heyeti
|tr_tl   = Kanjou Commission
|it      = Commissione Kanjou
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[de:Kanjou-Verwaltung]]
[[es:Comisión Kanjou]]
[[fr:Commission économique]]
[[ja:勘定奉行]]
[[pl:Komisja Kanjou]]
[[pt-br:Comissão Kanjou]]
[[th:สำนัก Kanjou]]