{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Kanjou Commission
}}
'''Kanjou Commission Ashigaru''' are members of the [[Kanjou Commission]] stationed in [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]].

When attempting to leave [[Ritou]] by foot before completing the World Quest [[Chisato's Letter]], a generic NPC entitled "Kanjou Commission Ashigaru" will stop the [[Traveler]] from leaving.

In the Archon Quest [[Confessions of an Outlander]], [[Werner]] mentions that [[Keijirou]] is a tax-collection ashigaru. Keijirou's in-game title, however, is simply "Kanjou."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the borders of [[Ritou]] without a Travel Permit)
:'''Kanjou Commission Ashigaru:''' Hey, stop! Who is there!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no... It's someone from the Kanjou Commission, we've been caught!
:;(Teleport back to Ritou)

;(If [[Ritou Escape Plan]] has not been completed)
::'''Kanjou Commission Ashigaru:''' Without a Travel Permit, you cannot enter or leave Ritou.
::'''Paimon:''' It seems if you do not have a Travel Permit, you cannot freely enter or leave the island.

;(If [[Ritou Escape Plan]] has been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' According to our agreement, we'll get that Travel Permit once we {{Color|bz|deliver Miss Chisato's letter}}, right?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*In feudal Japan, {{w|ashigaru}} were infantrymen employed by samurai.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kanjou Commission Ashigaru
|zhs     = 勘定奉行足轻
|zhs_rm  = Kāndìng-fèngxíng Zúqīng
|zht     = 勘定奉行足輕
|zht_rm  = Kāndìng-fèngxíng Zúqīng
|ja      = 勘定奉行足軽
|ja_rm   = Kanjou-bugyou Ashigaru
|ko      = 간조 봉행 아시가루
|ko_rm   = Ganjo Bonghaeng Asigaru
|es      = Soldado de la Comisión Kanjou
|fr      = Ashigaru de la Commission économique
|ru      = Пехотинец комиссии Кандзё
|th      = เจ้าหน้าที่จากสำนัก Kanjou
|th_rm   = Chao Nathi Chak Samnak Kanjou
|vi      = Quân lính của Hiệp Hội Kanjou
|de      = Ashigaru der Kanjou-Verwaltung
|id      = Ashigaru Kanjou Commission
|pt      = Ashigaru da Comissão Kanjou
|tr      = Kanjou Heyeti Askeri
|it      = Ashigaru della Kanjou
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->