{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72716
|image         = Kano Nana Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)
|characters    = Kano Nana; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Inazuma
}}
'''''Kano Nana's Healthy Diet''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
# Give fifteen [[Carrot]]s to [[Kano Nana]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
Why, that [[Sayu]]! She always falls asleep halfway through eating... Last time she fell asleep again without eating all these carrots &mdash; and I wonder, was she faking it?<br>
Either way, if she doesn't eat nutritious things like carrots, she isn't going to grow taller.<br>
Either way, I'm just not going to let her do as she likes, so please help me gather {{Color|buzzword|15 Carrots}}.<br>
I'll make her eat those Carrots where I can see them this time, no matter what she says.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Narukami Island's Kano Nana would like to have 15 carrots.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Kano Nana:''' Hello. I'm so sorry, but may I... ask you something?
:'''Kano Nana:''' Have you ever met a little creature with ears and a tail?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Were you looking for some Carrots?
::'''Kano Nana:''' Kids have gotta learn to eat their vegetables if they want to grow up. You can't be a picky eater, even when it comes to Carrots.
::'''Kano Nana:''' Anyway. You must be the one who accepted my commission? Do you have 15 Carrots for me?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Got them right here.
:::'''Kano Nana:''' Good, great, excellent. This time, I'm gonna watch that kid until she's eaten every last mouthful.
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Kano Nana:''' Okay. Well, I'll be waiting here once you've got them.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kano Nana's Healthy Diet
|zhs     = 鹿野奈奈的健康饮食计划
|zhs_rm  = Lùyě Nàinài de Jiànkāng Yǐnshí Jìhuà
|zht     = 鹿野奈奈的健康飲食計畫
|zht_rm  = Lùyě Nàinài de Jiànkāng Yǐnshí Jìhuà
|zh_tl   = Kano Nana's Healthy Diet Plan
|ja      = 鹿野奈々の健康的食生活
|ja_rm   = Kano Nana no Keikouteki Shokuseikatsu
|ja_tl   = Kano Nana's Healthy Eating Habits
|ko      = 카노 나나의 건강한 식사 계획
|ko_rm   = Kano Nana-ui Geon'ganghan Siksa Gyehoek
|ko_tl   = Kano Nana's Healthy Diet Plan
|es      = La dieta sana de Kano Nana
|es_tl   = The Healthy Diet of Kano Nana
|fr      = Le régime sain de Kano Nana
|fr_tl   = The Healthy Diet of Kano Nana
|ru      = Здоровая диета Кано Наны
|ru_tl   = Kano Nana's Healthy Diet
|th      = แผนการกินอาหารเพื่อสุขภาพของ Kano Nana
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chế Độ Ăn Uống Lành Mạnh Của Kano Nana
|vi_tl   = Kano Nana's Healthy Diet
|de      = Kano Nanas gesunde Ernährung
|de_tl   = Kano Nana's Healthy Diet
|id      = Diet Sehat Kano Nana
|id_tl   = Kano Nana's Healthy Diet
|pt      = Dieta Saudável de Kano Nana
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kano Nana'nın Sağlıklı Diyeti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Delle carote per Kano Nana
|it_tl   = Some Carrots for Kano Nana
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:La dieta sana de Kano Nana]]
[[ja:鹿野奈々の健康的食生活]]
[[pt-br:Dieta Saudável de Kano Nana]]