{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72715
|image         = Kanra Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|summary       = Kanra wants some Sakura Blooms so she may comfort herself as she worries about her beloved.
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Grand Narukami Shrine
|characters    = Kanra; Traveler
|rep           = Inazuma
|mora          = 20,000
}}
Although this request is called '''Kanra's Lovesickness''' in the [[Reputation]] menu, it is called '''Kanra's Thoughts''' in the [[Quests]] menu.

==Steps==
#Give five [[Sakura Bloom]]s to [[Kanra]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br />
I wonder why my love hasn't sent me a letter yet... He went to Kannazuka to join the army, and I haven't heard from him since.<br />
Is he still alive, or... No, I can't bear to think about that.<br />
Please, could someone collect {{Color|buzzword|5 Sakura Blooms}} for me?<br />
I hope that the Sacred Sakura can carry my wishes to the Great Narukami and that she will protect him.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Narukami Island's Kara {{sic}} would like to have 5 Sakura Blooms.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Kanra:''' *sigh* He should be alright, right...?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Searching for Sakura Blooms?
::'''Kanra:''' You saw my commission? Have you managed to get 5 Sakura Blooms?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:::'''Kanra:''' Thank you. You know, since the man I love left to join the war, I've not heard one shred of news...
:::'''Kanra:''' These days, I worry about him at every waking moment. Only the sight of the Sacred Sakura's blossoms can soothe my mind a little.
:::'''Kanra:''' The reason is that before he left, he swore on the Sacred Sakura that he would return safely to me.
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Kanra:''' Okay. Well, you know where to find me when you've got them.
:{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kanra's Thoughts
|zhs     = 甘乐的相思之意
|zhs_rm  = Gānlè de Xiāngsī zhī Yì
|zht     = 甘樂的相思之意
|zht_rm  = Gānlè de Xiāngsī zhī Yì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 甘楽の恋ごころ
|ja_rm   = Kanra no Koigokoro
|ja_tl   = Kanra's Love Feelings
|ko      = 칸라의 그리움
|ko_rm   = Kanra-ui Geurium
|ko_tl   = Kanra's Longing
|es      = Los pensamientos de Kanra
|es_tl   = Kanra's Thoughts
|fr      = Les pensées de Kanra
|fr_tl   = Kanra's Thoughts
|ru      = Мысли Канры
|ru_tl   = Kanra's Thoughts
|th      = ความหมายแห่งความรักของ Kanra
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kanra Tương Tư
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kanras Gedanken
|de_tl   = Kanra's Thoughts
|id      = Pemikiran Kanra
|id_tl   = Kanra's Thoughts
|pt      = Pensamentos de Kanra
|pt_tl   = Kanra's Thoughts
|tr      = Kanra'nın Kara Sevdası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il mal d'amore di Kanra
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Los pensamientos de Kanra]]
[[pt-br:Pensamentos de Kanra]]