{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Lore
|region       = Liyue
}}
'''Karma''', also referred to as '''karmic debt''' and '''divine karma''', is a term which refers to the corruptive forces left behind by the wills and powers of slain ancient [[gods]]. This term is primarily used in [[Liyue]], where the [[yakshas]] were tasked with subduing the resurging might of fallen gods.<ref name="yaksha trailer">{{Ref/Quest|Glimmers of the Vigilant Yaksha|note=Cinematic}}</ref>

==Overview==
Over the course of the [[Archon War]], [[Morax]] subdued many other ancient gods. Their powers and hatred seeped into the world, corrupting the land, spawning monsters, and creating pestilence. Contact with karma can induce insanity in humans<ref>{{Ref/VO|Yelan|About Xiao}}</ref> and corrupt monsters, making them more powerful than normal. [[Vision]]-bearers,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|At Tunnel's End, Light}}</ref> [[illuminated beast]]s,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|End of the Line (Quest)}}</ref> and those with higher elemental sensitivity such as the [[Traveler]] have heightened resistance to the effects of karma.

To combat this, Morax summoned the yakshas to come to Liyue's defense by slaughtering the resurging powers of these fallen gods. Over time, however, karma seeped into the bodies and minds of the yakshas, causing them immense suffering. Many of those who did not fall in battle eventually succumbed to their karmic debt and went insane, many of them dying as a result of their insanity.<ref name="yaksha trailer" />

Adepti can use their form of [[Mystic Arts in Teyvat#Alchemy 2|alchemy]] to create a medicine called Remedium Tertiorum, which can temporarily alleviate the pain caused by karma. However, like most other adepti medicines, they are lethal to mortals.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Zhongli|About Xiao}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The English term refers to the principle of {{w|karma}}, which can be loosely defined as the consequences of one's actions as it affects one's future, whether positively or negatively.
* The original Chinese term, {{zh|{{wt|業障|业障|Chinese}}|rm=yèzhàng}}, specifically refers to karmic hindrance, or negative karmic consequences which hinder enlightenment.
** Accordingly, Vision-bearers are less affected by karma and being in proximity to those deeply affected by karma; in the eyes of the [[adepti]], Visions are a "valid form of 'illumination'."<ref>{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|Vision}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Karma
|zhs     = 业障
|zhs_rm  = Yèzhàng
|zht     = 業障
|zht_rm  = Yèzhàng
|zh_tl   = Karma
|ja      = 業障
|ja_rm   = Goushou
|ja_tl   = Karma
|ko      = 업장
|ko_rm   = Eopjang
|ko_tl   = Karma
|es      = Karma
|fr      = Karma
|ru      = Карма
|th      = บาป
|th_tl   = Sin
|vi      = Nghiệp Chướng
|vi_tl   = Karma
|de      = Karma
|id      = Karma
|pt      = Pecado
|pt_tl   = Sin
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==See Also==
* [[Abyssal Corruption]]
* [[Tatarigami]]

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[fr:Karma]]
[[uk:Карма]]