{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Kasim.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|title            = The Legendary Bandit?

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Kasim''', self-styled as '''Kasim the Bandit''', is a quest-exclusive NPC who appears in the [[World Quest]] ''[[The Foolish Fatuus]]'', where he collaborates with the [[Fatuus]] [[Oleg]] on a project to extract the power of [[The Withering]]. Kasim is also mentioned on the [[Mahamata Bulletin Board]] in [[Sumeru City]].

==Profile==
Sometime before the events of ''The Foolish Fatuus'', Kasim ventured outside of Sumeru. While he was away, he styled himself as "Kasim the Bandit" and made contact with the Fatui. After returning to Sumeru, Kasim used the prestige he built with the Fatui to pose as a real Eremite mercenary who had become famous around the world and built his own mercenary group.<ref name="TFF">{{Ref/Quest|The Foolish Fatuus}}</ref> Presumably, it was around this time that the [[Corps of Thirty]] released an arrest warrant for him, accusing him of fraud.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Mahamata Bulletin Board|Arrest Warrant: Kasim}}</ref>

At some point, Kasim bought several [[Energy Extraction Device]]s &mdash; designed to extract energy from the Ley Lines &mdash; from [[Abattouy]], who needed money to continue his research after he was expelled from [[Sumeru Akademiya]]. When Oleg later sought Kasim out for a means to extract energy from The Withering, Kasim branded the Energy Extraction Devices as "Saghira Machines" and claimed that they were what Oleg needed. Oleg, being none the wiser, accepted Kasim's proposal and accepted his falsified reports without question.<ref name="TFF" />

After the [[Traveler]] disables eight of the machines while exploring Sumeru, they stumble into a conversation between Kasim and Oleg; Kasim leaves to let Oleg deal with the intruder, although he is quickly bested and drops a map indicating the patrol route. The Traveler runs into Oleg twice before they could not find him, so they decide to find Kasim, who was at the last location marked on the map.

They promptly defeat him in battle before interrogating him about his relationship with the Fatui. Should the Traveler grill him during questioning, he admits to revealing that he's actually a sham, that the machines he provided the Fatui had been bought by Abattouy and that he had been falsifying reports to the Fatui, although they had begun to suspect him. With the truth revealed, he then showed them how to signal them from their stronghold before leaving. If the Traveler did not question him fully, then he sneaks off while trying to tell them how to signal the Fatui stronghold, although the Traveler eventually discerned it themselves through the notes left behind.<ref name="TFF" />

Following Oleg's arrest, [[Rukh Shah]] tells the Traveler that the bounty on Kasim will be increased in light of the damage he dealt to the forest with the Energy Extraction Devices.<ref name="TFF" />

===Appearance===
Kasim takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Sword-Dancer]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kasim
|zhs     = 卡西姆
|zhs_rm  = Kǎxīmǔ
|zht     = 凱西姆
|zht_rm  = Kǎxīmǔ
|ja      = カシム
|ja_rm   = Kashimu
|ko      = 카심
|es      = Kasim
|fr      = Kasim
|ru      = Касим
|th      = Kasim
|vi      = Kasim
|de      = Kasim
|id      = Kasim
|pt      = Kasim
|tr      = Kasim
|it      = Kasim
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}