{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|deceased         = Killed by Traveler in [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]
|image            = Enemy Nobushi - Hitsukeban.png
|region           = Inazuma
|title            = Iwakura Art Shoden
|affiliation      = Iwakura Clan
}}
'''Katayama Tatsumi''' {{Lang|ja=片山辰巳}} is a special enemy found on the tallest mountain of [[Serpent's Head]], [[Inazuma]]. He is one of the [[Iwakura Art]] disciples that can be fought and killed while exploring the region.

He appears as a [[Nobushi: Hitsukeban]] and guards a [[Precious Chest]].

==Quests and Events==
===Hidden Exploration Objectives===
* [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]

==Story==
Little is known about Tatsumi's life or history beyond the fact that he was part of the Iwakura Clan while [[Iwakura Mitsunari]] was its clan head. According to Mitsunari, he always had a knack for naming his battles, reasoning that if he became famous, his battles would be more legendary. When the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was enacted, Mitsunari had his [[Vision]] taken and decided to join the [[Shogunate]] forces.<ref> [[Iwakura Mitsunari#Dialogue|Iwakura Mitsunari's dialogue]]</ref> Many of the other clan members saw this as a betrayal of their clan's pursuit of righteousness and deserted him, choosing to go rogue or oppose the Shogunate. Tatsumi appears to have chosen the former path.

The [[Traveler]] encounters Tatsumi in Serpent's Head, where he immediately pulls them into a duel and is slain for the trouble. After receiving word that a Traveler has been going around killing Iwakura Clan members, two expelled members, [[Okazaki Toraemon]] and [[Yanagiha Arashi]], find his corpse and collect his sword to create a memorial.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Okazaki Toraemon}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Yanagiha Arashi}}</ref>

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approach)
:'''Iwakura Art: Katayama Tatsumi:''' This shall be called "Duel on Snake Mountain."

;(Upon defeat)
:'''Iwakura Art: Katayama Tatsumi:''' Wonderful... Such a swift blade...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Katayama Tatsumi
|zhs     = 片山辰巳
|zhs_rm  = Piànshān Chénsì
|zht     = 片山辰巳
|zht_rm  = Piànshān Chénsì
|ja      = 片山辰巳
|ja_rm   = Katayama Tatsumi
|ko      = 카타야마 타츠미
|ko_rm   = Katayama Tacheumi
|es      = Katayama Tatsumi
|fr      = Katayama Tatsumi
|ru      = Катаяма Тацуми
|th      = Katayama Tatsumi
|vi      = Katayama Tatsumi
|de      = Katayama Tatsumi
|id      = Katayama Tatsumi
|pt      = Katayama Tatsumi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}