{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72808
|type          = World
|image         = World Quest Katheryne in Inazuma.png
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|characters    = Katheryne (Inazuma); Paimon; Traveler
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Mora*15,000;Adventurer's Experience*5
|rep           = Inazuma
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 388
}}
'''''Katheryne in Inazuma''''' is a [[World Quests|World Quest]] in [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Katheryne]] in [[Inazuma City]]

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne in Inazuma)
:'''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the [[Adventurers' Guild]].
:'''Katheryne:''' You've come at last. I've been waiting for you, Adventurer.
:{{DIcon}} An&mdash;Another Katheryne...
:'''Katheryne:''' Another? Hehe, have you ever seen multiple Katherynes in a single location?
:'''Katheryne:''' If you haven't, then they were one and the same.
:'''Katheryne:''' As the only year-round receptionist in the Adventurers' Guild, I can use a special tool to instantly move between various locations in the world to deal with various important matters...
:'''Katheryne:''' After I help you with your matters here, I need to head over to [[Fontaine]]. The adventurers over there are notorious for frugality, so I need to receive them well.
:{{DIcon}} Re&mdash;Really?
:{{DIcon}} I also want to teleport!
:'''Katheryne:''' Hmm... You believed me? Sorry, I was joking. Please, don't take it seriously.
:'''Katheryne:''' Also, I thought you knew how to use [[Teleport Waypoints]]?
:'''Katheryne:''' Anyway, I won't bother you with pointless trivia. Come, I'll help you process the work that's needed by the Inazuma Adventurers' Guild.
:'''Katheryne:''' Once things are processed, you can accept commissions here and also enjoy other benefits.
:'''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque, Adventurer.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Katheryne in Inazuma
|zhs     = 凯瑟琳，在稻妻
|zhs_rm  = Kǎisèlín, zài Dàoqī
|zht     = 凱瑟琳，在稻妻
|zht_rm  = Kǎisèlín, zài Dàoqī
|zh_tl   = Katheryne, in Inazuma
|ja      = キャサリン、稲妻にて
|ja_rm   = Kyaserin, Inazuma nite
|ja_tl   = Katheryne, in Inazuma
|ko      = 이나즈마에 있는 캐서린
|ko_rm   = Inajeuma-e Inneun Kaeseorin
|ko_tl   = Katheryne in Inazuma
|es      = ¿Katheryne? ¿En Inazuma?
|es_tl   = Katheryne? In Inazuma?
|fr      = Catherine à Inazuma ?
|fr_tl   = Katheryne in Inazuma?
|ru      = Катерина в Инадзуме
|ru_tl   = Katheryne in Inazuma
|th      = Katheryne ที่ Inazuma
|th_rm   = Katheryne thi Inazuma
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Katheryne, ở Inazuma
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Katheryne in Inazuma
|id      = Katheryne di Inazuma
|id_tl   = Katheryne in Inazuma
|pt      = Katheryne em Inazuma
|pt_tl   = Katheryne in Inazuma
|tr      = Katheryne Inazuma'da
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Katheryne a Inazuma
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:¿Katheryne? ¿En Inazuma?]]
[[ja:キャサリン、稲妻にて]]
[[pt-br:Katheryne em Inazuma]]
[[ru:Катерина в Инадзуме]]