{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kaveh
|id             = 368166
|image          = Character Kaveh Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kaveh''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Finally, a break...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Plans...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} My art...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} My next work...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I have to go back...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hello.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} This land...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hello.
:{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh... This place sure is interesting.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'm still getting used to it all.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Never have I seen a place where you can decorate to your heart's whimsy... You don't understand what this means to an architect like me.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It blows my mind... So much free space for building and designing! It's like a sketchbook that'll never run out of pages.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I guess what I really want to say is... I'm so grateful that you invited me here as your guest.
::{{DIcon}} Relax the formalities and make yourself at home.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Err... That might not be the best idea...
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' To be perfectly honest with you, my blood has been boiling with excitement ever since I first stepped foot in this realm.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Guess it's a designer's instinct? I mean, if you ask me, I think all artistic folks are kinda like this.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Looking at your realm, all I can think about are things like architectural composition and façade designs.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Speaking of which, can I see your gardens and ponds? Or how about your water fountains? If you don't mind, tell me what you had in mind when decorating your realm!
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I want to know the reasoning behind why you arranged the roads and buildings like this...
::{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, I threw everything together on a whim.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' A... whim? Wait, why would you just put things together on a whim? None of this was planned?
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' When it comes to design, placement shouldn't be arbitrary... Don't tell me, the boundless potential of this place has robbed you of your principles and pride as a creator!?
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 3.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I see now... These weirdly spaced furnishings, and all the things that seemingly serve no purpose... Hm...
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 4.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ugh... I&mdash;It's okay, I'll chalk it up to you having a unique sense of style.
::{{DIcon}} I arranged them using the insights I've gained on my journey.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11b 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, I see. Taking what you've learned from your travels and applying them to your principles of design... Excellent!
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11b 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You have the eye for this kind of work. If the life of an architect wasn't so difficult, I'd recommend that you enroll in formal study.
::{{DIcon}} I didn't feel like the Palace of Alcazarzaray was all that impressive...
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11c 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What did you say!?
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11c 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I... Ahem! It's fine, it's fine, people have different tastes... I can't force you to like my style. Besides, some aspects of it are difficult to appreciate unless you have a certain level of understanding about aesthetics...
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11c 3.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmph! I'm not so easily offended. Pfft.
::{{DIcon}} But... there's literally nothing here.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 3.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Look, I've been pretending that you know something about decorating, so can't you play along, too?
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 4.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'm an architect! I build and design things! Seeing your home devoid of anything makes me feel really... really sad.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 5.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Can't you try, just a little? Don't let such a wondrous space go to waste.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Sure. Anything you want to talk about?
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's probably best if I don't pick the topic of conversation. I've had people tell me that I just end up rambling on endlessly about my profession.
::{{DIcon}} Tell me about your life, then.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' My life? Hmm... There's a lot I could talk about, but I don't know where to start...
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I guess I'll share this... There was once a time in my life when I lived in abject poverty. Bankruptcy led to many a misfortune &mdash; in this world, if you don't have money, you essentially have no dignity.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I hated living like that, but I also had no quick way out of that situation. Every day was a struggle between my ego and my reality.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 4.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I had a lot of pride about being a master architect, so I detested the idea of doing anything else for a living... Only later did I learn about the more difficult aspects of life.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 5.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I was far more idealistic during my years as a student. I hate to admit it, but... an overly naive person cannot survive in this world.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 6.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to take the conversation to such a heavy place. Please pretend I didn't say anything.
::{{DIcon}} Tell me about what you like.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hm, things I like... I recently bought a new coffee grinder. It's been great.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's so elaborately made, and, most importantly, each component is perfectly in its place.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It doesn't have any extra screws or parts, and it grinds beans quickly and silently. It was a great purchase.
:::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 4.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, I left the house in a hurry today, so I didn't bring anything with me... I'll bring you some finely ground coffee next time.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I want to go to the most distant point from here. With such a fantastical realm, I want to know where its boundaries roughly lie.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's not every day you come across technology like this. If it could be replicated one day for architectural projects...
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Sumeru's buildings can be divided into several primary categories. Buildings in the rainforest are mostly wooden, while those in Sumeru City and Port Ormos are generally made of stone.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You've been to Port Ormos, right? Its lighthouse is a paradigm of Sumeru's architecture. I was responsible for its last round of renovations.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Although we managed to renovate the building's weathered exterior, restoring the lighthouse's heavily eroded foundation was a massive struggle... There was only so much we could do.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If only we had a place with a stable foundation and an unobstructed view... We could then experiment with builds to improve the lighthouse's structure.
::{{DIcon}} It sounds like you need this teapot much more than I do.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' In some ways, yes.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But I'd never try to buy this place from you, even if I had the Mora to do so. This little magical teapot must have a special place in your heart.
::{{DIcon}} You could say it's my "home."
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' "Home," huh...
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've designed many houses for others, but a house isn't really the same thing as a home.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' A house can simply be a pile of wood on a plot of land, but a home cannot exist without inhabitants &mdash; the presence of people is what turns a house into a home.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I heard that you embarked on your journey to reunite with your sibling. While I can't completely relate to your situation, the yearning for loved ones is a universal feeling.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 13a.ogg}} {{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 13b.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I pray that your dream soon comes true &mdash; that you find your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}} and have {{MC|m=her|f=him}} in your life again.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you, Kaveh. Can we commission you when that time comes?
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hahaha, of course! When that day does come, I won't charge you any commission fees. I'm sure your happiness alone will be more than enough for me.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Kaveh.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Good morning. A new day brings new tasks and responsibilities.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' A little tip: Take your time &mdash; everything will get done.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Kaveh.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You've worked hard. Take some well-deserved rest.
::{{A|vo kaveh mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Cast your troubles to the wayside, and let yourself fall into the sweet embrace of sleep. You might see things in a new light once you wake up.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Amidst Scents and Serenity===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kaveh garden 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' This style is one of the most widely used in Sumeru. You can see its influence on many of the Akademiya's buildings.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kaveh garden 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If I could recommend only one of Sumeru's architecture styles, this one would be it. The central, white section really brings the whole composition together.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kaveh garden 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' As for any shortcomings... I suppose the sections extending from the floral vault are prone to collecting dust? It must be a pain to clean them.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Of Twirling Dances Unfettered===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kaveh theater 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, I just love theaters.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kaveh theater 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' They take you away you from your troubles, and you just feel so free...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kaveh theater 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I quite like this fountain. It's on the smaller side, but it serves its purpose well. The decorations on the side are quite lovely, too.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Kaveh/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Kaveh/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:カーヴェ/仲間]]
[[ru:Кавех/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Kaveh/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Kaveh/Bạn Đồng Hành]]