{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41332
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|characters    = Atsuko; Chef Mao; Guanhai; Hammer Li; Paimon; Traveler; Wrench Wang; Zhihua
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''Keeping Wanmin's Patrons Fed''' is the fifth request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the second day of the event.

==Steps==
# Head to [[Wanmin Restaurant]] to have a look
# Speak to [[Chef Mao]]
# Deliver the [[Wanmin Restaurant Take-Away|food]] to [[Atsuko]]
#* 40-second timer (you can deliver the food cold)
# Ask about everyone's tastes (0/3)
#* Talk to [[Guanhai]]
#* Talk to [[Zhihua]]
#* Talk to [[Wrench Wang]]
# Report back to Chef Mao
# Craft a [[Xiao Lantern]] for Chef Mao
# Give the Xiao Lantern to Chef Mao

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Once again, it's the Lantern Rite &mdash; and once again, Wanmin Restaurant's [[Chef Mao]] is busier than ever...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Chef Mao:''' How many more dishes was that again...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Chef Mao:''' What am I doing? Why, I'm running Wanmin Restaurant, of course! Haha.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Things have been getting busy with everyone going out to eat during the [[Lantern Rite]]. Even travelers from far away lands have come to visit and join the festivities.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Even though my dear [[Xiangling]] has returned to help, we're still struggling to keep our heads above water. As a matter of fact, she just went out on a delivery...
:'''Chef Mao:''' While everyone else has been out hanging lanterns for the festival, we've been too busy to make a single lantern yet.
:'''Chef Mao:''' If you don't mind, Traveler, could you lend us a hand?
:'''Chef Mao:''' Do you happen to know [[Atsuko]]? She's the girl from [[Inazuma]] down by the docks.
:'''Chef Mao:''' We've prepared her order, so could you please go deliver the food to her? I've even made her extra large portions to celebrate the festival.
:'''Chef Mao:''' There's also others who work down by the docks... {{Color|buzzword|[[Wrench Wang]]}}, {{Color|buzzword|[[Hammer Li]]}}, {{Color|buzzword|[[Guanhai]]}}, and {{Color|buzzword|[[Zhihua]]}}.
:'''Chef Mao:''' They're regular patrons here and always look after our business. They seem to still be busy with work down by the docks, even though it's time for the festival.
:'''Chef Mao:''' I would like to prepare some food to give to them, but I'm afraid that we're simply too busy and won't have the chance to leave the restaurant...
:'''Chef Mao:''' If you could, Traveler, please help me ask them what they would like to eat, and I'll whip up whatever they request.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Thanks a lot, Traveler. Just come back here and let me know once you've asked them.
:;(Obtain [[Wanmin Restaurant Take-Away]])
----
;(En route to Atsuko)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, this dish is best while it's hot.
:'''Paimon:''' Go on...
:'''Paimon:''' We should deliver it to Atsuko right away
:;(If the food grows cold)
:'''Paimon:''' Uh oh, the dish seems to be getting cold. I hope Atsuko won't be too disappointed...
----
;(Deliver the food to Atsuko)
:'''Atsuko:''' I wonder why my order from Wanmin Restaurant hasn't arrived yet...
:{{DIcon}} Here's your order. Enjoy!
:<small>''(If delivered before timer ends)''</small>
::'''Atsuko:''' Oh, thank you so much! I'd thought that it would still take a while longer before it arrived.
:<small>''(If delivered after timer ends)''</small>
::'''Atsuko:''' You're here at last. I've been waiting for a while... Still, I'm grateful that you're still making deliveries during the festival period.
:'''Atsuko:''' All the festivities for [[Lantern Rite]] have been making me feel a little homesick... But I certainly won't be returning to [[Inazuma]] any time soon.
:'''Atsuko:''' I wonder how things are back in Inazuma...
;(Talk to Atsuko again)
:'''Atsuko:''' I wonder how things are back in Inazuma...
----
;(After having spoken with Atsuko)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, Chef Mao also asked us to do something else, too... Oh, that's right!
:'''Paimon:''' We should ask {{Color|buzzword|Guanhai}}, {{Color|buzzword|Zhihua}}, {{Color|buzzword|Wrench Wang}}, and {{Color|buzzword|Hammer Li}} what they would like to eat.
----
;(Talk to Guanhai)
:'''Guanhai:''' *sigh* Here I am working while everyone else is out enjoying the festival...
:{{DIcon}} Chef Mao would like to treat you to a meal...
:'''Guanhai:''' Chef Mao would like to treat me to a meal? Hmm, it would be nice to kick back with a good meal and enjoy the festivities.
:{{DIcon}} So what would you like to eat?
:'''Guanhai:''' I really love the taste of [[fish]]. It would be great if it was [[fish]] paired with some special flavor - say, {{Color|buzzword|sweet-and-sour}}, perhaps...
:'''Guanhai:''' I can't think of anything special off the top of my head. What would you recommend?
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Squirrel Fish]]}}.
::'''Guanhai:''' Oh right, that's the one! How could I forget Squirrel Fish!?
::'''Guanhai:''' Sweet and sour flavor with a crispy texture. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. I can't wait to taste more of Chef Mao's cuisine.
::;(Dialogue ends)
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Black-Back Perch Stew]]}}.
::'''Guanhai:''' Ah yes, Wanmin Restaurant's signature dish. I've eaten it many times already, and it doesn't have that sweet and sour taste I'm hankering after... I think I'd prefer something else.
::'''Guanhai:''' Hmm, can you recommend something else?
::;(Return to choices)
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Crystal Shrimp]]}}.
::'''Guanhai:''' Hmm, there's no fish in that dish, is there? Besides, the flavor's too bland, I think I'd prefer something else.
::'''Guanhai:''' Hmm, can you recommend something else?
::;(Return to choices)

;(Talk to Guanhai again)
:'''Guanhai:''' *sigh* Here I am still working while everyone else is out enjoying the festival...
----
;(Talking to Zhihua)
:'''Zhihua:''' As soon as I'm finished with work, I'll go release [[Xiao Lantern]]s with [[Qiming]]...
:{{DIcon}} Chef Mao would like to treat you to a meal...
:'''Zhihua:''' You say Chef Mao wants to treat me? How great!
:{{DIcon}} So what would you like to eat?
:'''Zhihua:''' But, I'm planning to invite Qiming to release Xiao Lanterns later, so I'd prefer {{Color|buzzword|something without fish or meat}}, and {{Color|buzzword|something with a strong flavor}}...
:'''Zhihua:''' Maybe something like {{Color|buzzword|a light pastry}} would be best?
:'''Zhihua:''' Do you have any recommendations?
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Tianshu Meat]]}}.
::'''Zhihua:''' That dish is a little too oily...
::'''Zhihua:''' How about something else... Do you have any other recommendations?
::;(Return to choices)
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Lotus Flower Crisp]]}}.
::'''Zhihua:''' Mm, that sounds good. It's nice and light and tastes great. That'll be perfect...
::'''Zhihua:''' Alright, put me down for [[Lotus Flower Crisp]], please.
::;(Dialogue ends)
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Grilled Tiger Fish]]}}.
::'''Zhihua:''' Grilled Tiger Fish is good and all... But the flavor is a little too strong for me and I'll smell like grilled fish for the rest of the day...
::'''Zhihua:''' How about something else... Do you have any other recommendations?
::;(Return to choices)

;(Talk to Zhihua again)
:'''Zhihua:''' I can't wait for some Lotus Flower Crisp...
----
;(Talking to Wrench Wang or Hammer Li)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' I'll never finish all this work...
:'''Hammer Li:''' Let's finish this up so we can finally have a rest and enjoy the festival...
:{{DIcon}} Chef Mao would like to treat you to a meal...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Huh? Oh, I remember Chef Mao did say something about treating us to a meal during [[Lantern Rite]]. I guess he was serious, hahaha!
:'''Hammer Li:''' This is too good to be true! Please give Chef Mao my thanks...
:{{DIcon}} So what would you like to eat?
:'''Hammer Li:''' I'm not going to ask for too much, I'd be more than satisfied with just a sumptuous bowl of {{Color|buzzword|hot soup}} and some {{Color|buzzword|crisp bamboo shoots}}.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' I'm not picky, {{Color|buzzword|anything with meat is good enough for me}}. I'm not one for fine dining, so what do you suggest?
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Come and Get It]]}}.
::'''Hammer Li:''' I heard storytellers say that Come and Get It is an exquisite dish, but there's no bamboo shoots. How 'bout something else?
::'''Wrench Wang:''' Since when do storytellers ever talk about recipes? I've never heard them do that before...
::'''Wrench Wang:''' Hmm, so that won't be any good. What else can you recommend?
::;(Return to choices)
:{{DIcon}} I recommend {{Color|buzzword|[[Bamboo Shoot Soup]]}}.
::'''Hammer Li:''' That's a good one! I've heard a storyteller once describe it as a dish that's "simmered to perfection over a low flame, with a distinctive savory taste".
::'''Wrench Wang:''' Sounds good to me, let's get that one then.
::;(Dialogue ends)

;(Talk to Wrench Wang or Hammer Li again)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Let's put our backs into it! Once we're through with this, we can finally eat!
:'''Hammer Li:''' Alright, back to work...
----
;(After having spoken with everyone)
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like we'll need a lot of dishes to feed everyone. We'd better get back and tell Chef Mao.
----
;(Talking to Chef Mao again)
:'''Chef Mao:''' Did you deliver the food?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, we did.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Great, I knew that I could count on you! Did you also happen to ask [[Wrench Wang]], [[Guanhai]], and [[Zhihua]] what they would like to eat?
:{{DIcon}} Wrench Wang and Hammer Li would like to have Bamboo Shoot Soup.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Oh? These two have rather similar tastes, though [[Bamboo Shoot Soup]] will take some time to make. I'll have to start preparing it early.
:{{DIcon}} Guanhai would like to have Squirrel Fish.
:'''Chef Mao:''' No problem, that dish is one of my specialties.
:{{DIcon}} Zhihua would like to have Lotus Flower Crisp.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Huh, I never would have guessed that Zhihua would have a liking for pastries and the like. Making [[Lotus Flower Crisp]] is straightforward enough, no problem.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Thanks for going and asking them what they'd like to eat. Here, take this as a token of my appreciation. Now, I should get started on all those dishes.
:{{DIcon}} Won't you be hanging any Xiao Lanterns?
:'''Chef Mao:''' Hah! We don't have time for that now, I've got more dishes to make and [[Xiangling]] has just gone out on another delivery...
:'''Chef Mao:''' The two of us can barely keep up with the orders as it is. There's no way we'd have time for hanging lanterns.
:{{DIcon}} I can take care of it for you.
:{{DIcon}} I'll make a Xiao Lantern for you.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Y&mdash;You'd really do that? I'll leave the lantern to you then. I was just starting to worry that the restaurant doesn't look festive enough without any lanterns.
----
;(Return to Chef Mao)
:'''Chef Mao:''' Is the [[Xiao Lantern]] ready yet?
:;(Give the lantern)
:'''Chef Mao:''' This Xiao Lantern looks great! I'll be sure to write a wish on it shortly. Once Xiangling gets back, we can release the lantern together as father and daughter.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Thanks for your help, Traveler. Here, take these as a token of my appreciation.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Keeping Wanmin's Patrons Fed
|zhs     = 勺起万民足
|zhs_rm  = Sháo qǐ wànmín zú
|zht     = 勺起萬民足
|zht_rm  = Sháo qǐ wànmín zú
|zh_tl   = Spoon Arise, (Let's) Make All People Satisfied
|ja      = 杓起こす、万民満なり
|ja_rm   = Shaku okosu, banmin mitsurunari
|ja_tl   = Spoon Arise, (Let's) Make All People Satisfied
|ko      = 만민을 사로잡다
|ko_rm   = Manmin-eul Sarojapda
|ko_tl   = Captivate Wanmin
|es      = ¡Clientes satisfechos!
|es_tl   = Satisfied Clients!
|fr      = Client repu, client heureux
|fr_tl   = Replete Client, Happy Client
|ru      = Сытый клиент - довольный клиент
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ลูกค้าผู้มีอุปการคุณแห่งภัตตาคาร Wanmin
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ưu đãi của Vạn Dân Đường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Volle Bäuche bei Wanmin
|de_tl   = Full Stomachs at Wanmin
|id      = Memberi Makan Tamu Wanmnin
|id_tl   = Feeding Wanmin's Guests
|pt      = Mantendo os Clientes do Restaurante Wanmin Cheios
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}