{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Keqing
|id             = 368129
|image          = Character Keqing Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Keqing''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"Field investigation..."
*"Let's get to work."
*"No time to lose."
*"The path of change..."
*"Let's go shopping..."
When the player is nearby:
*"Hello."
*"You seem pretty free..."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo keqing mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Hello, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo keqing mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Hmm... looks like you're pretty free today.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' If you're asking from the perspective of comfort... I like it very much.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' But in my professional opinion... I think there's a lot of potential here that's not really being fully utilized.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I mean, for starters, you don't even have to worry about mitigating natural disasters &mdash; or any other external risk factors for that matter. So that makes your land-use planning process a whole lot simpler.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The main consideration for you is how to make the best use of the available space...
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Keqing''' Beyond that, you really want to think about the proportional allocation of resources...
::{{DIcon}} I think I got the general gist...
::{{DIcon}} Didn't understand a word...
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Ah... don't mind me, I slipped back into work mode.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Do whatever you like!
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' It's your home, after all, you should be the one to shape it!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Sure, why not?
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Though I should warn you, most people aren't exactly enamored with my conversation.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, what do you mean?
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Well, for example, a colleague once asked me: "Is there anything I can help you with, Ms. Keqing?"
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' To which I replied: "You can start by worrying about your own work rate."
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' After that, they never approached me again.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Another person asked me: "Do you have any gift suggestions for Lady [[Ningguang]]?"
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' To which I replied: "Don't bother. Ningguang has no time for suck-ups."
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Yeah... anyway, so now you know.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like you're just a bit of a straight talker.
::{{DIcon}} I don't think you did anything bad.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Yeah... I just think if you've got something to say, there's no point mincing your words.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Sugar-coating the facts, kind lies... it's all a big waste of everyone's time.
::{{DIcon}} Getting to the point is certainly... underrated.
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11a 1.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Exactly. See? You understand where I'm coming from.
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11a 2.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I was right all along, we've got a lot in common.
::{{DIcon}} Still, doesn't being so blunt all the time affect what other people think of you?
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11b 1.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I could care less what those people think of me.
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11b 2.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' But your opinion...
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11b 3.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' ...Well, that might make me think twice.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Sure, let's arrange an evening when both us are free.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' A little while ago, I took some time to survey every inch of this place.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I found three locations where the scenery was quite beautiful, it really resonated with me.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' One of them was perfect for stargazing.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' So, are you interested?
::{{DIcon}} Of course!
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Great.
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I was a little apprehensive actually, I was wondering how I could convince you if you refused at first...
::{{DIcon}} I never knew you had a stargazing hobby.
:::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 06b.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' It's not really a hobby...
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Personally, I consider it... a reward... for completing a stage of my work.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Rare blessings like these... we mustn't let them got to waste.
::{{DIcon}} Keqing...
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Now that I know you don't have any reservations, you better go and work it into your schedule!
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The sooner the better, as far as I'm concerned.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Keqing.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Ahem... Well, that's enough small talk for now. Call me if you need anything.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Keqing. '''
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Wait! Remember... Don't put off until tomorrow what you haven't finished today.
::{{A|vo keqing mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' You can just hand it off to me instead.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cloudy Haze Dream-Court===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|Vo mimitomo ly keqing bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Getting a good rest is indeed key to being productive in one's work.
:{{A|Vo mimitomo ly keqing bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' This bedroom has everything, except for one item: it needs a clock to gauge time with.
:{{A|Vo mimitomo ly keqing bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I'll find some time to accompany you to shop for a clock, lest you oversleep and miss something important.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|Vo mimitomo ly keqing store 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' As I thought, you've carefully observed the streets of Liyue.
:{{A|Vo mimitomo ly keqing store 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Your understanding of the layout of stores and vendors is most detailed.
:{{A|Vo mimitomo ly keqing store 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Would you be interested in discussing plans to improve Chihu Rock with me?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Кэ Цин/Компаньон]]