{{RegionTabs}}
{{Upcoming}}
{{Region Infobox
|image              = Fall of Khaenri'ah.png
|chapter            = Chapter ??
|element            = 
|archon             = 
|controlling_entity = [[Eclipse Dynasty]] (former)
|demonym            = Khaenri'ahn<ref>{{Ref/Quest|At Tunnel's End, Light|quote='''Yelan:''' That snake is probably a remnant of Khaenri'ahn civilization[...]}}</ref>
}}
{{Quote
|quote   = Khaenri'ah was a nation without a god &mdash; not because it had a god that died or abandoned them, but because it never had a god to begin with. It was a powerful nation, built purely by humans, an unprecedented flourishing and glorious civilization &mdash; it was the pride of humankind.
|speaker = [[Dainsleif]]
|source  = "[[A Herald Without Adherents]]"
}}
'''Khaenri'ah''' (/ˈkɑːnɹiɑː/), also known as the '''Kingdom of Khaenri'ah''', is an unreleased region. It is not part of the continent of [[Teyvat]] and is not under the purview of [[The Seven]]. It is also the location that the [[Traveler]] first awoke upon entering Teyvat.

Khaenri'ah is most known for its role in the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago. During this time, monsters created by the alchemist [[Rhinedottir]], also known as "Gold," poured out from Khaenri'ah to invade Teyvat, and Khaenri'ah was eventually destroyed by [[Celestia]] and the gods. Afterwards, many of its inhabitants were turned into the monsters that would eventually form the [[Abyss Order]].

Despite its destruction and the transformation of many of its people into monsters, Khaenri'ah is still inhabited by humans to this day. [[Dainsleif]] &mdash; a denizen of Khaenri'ah and the video's narrator &mdash; describes it as one of "the hidden corners where the gods' gaze does not fall," and says that its people "dream of dreaming," unlike the majority who are "content to live, and not to dream."<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TAlKhARUcoY Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview: Travail]</ref>

[[Chapter ??]]: The Dream Yet to Be Dreamed takes place in this region.

==Description==
{{Quote
|quote   = Khaenri'ah was an underground realm, and its natural fauna were few indeed. As such, its alchemy focused more heavily on the creation of life. This art of creation was known as "The Art of Khemia."
|speaker = [[Albedo]]
|source  = [[Albedo/Lore#Character Story 5|Character Story 5]]
}}
Khaenri'ah is dark underground and mostly barren of natural life. What little is currently known about Khaenri'ah largely comes from weapon and artifact descriptions, as well as books found throughout the world. According to [[Dainsleif]], it is the "pride of humanity", as it was built purely by humans without involvement from any god, until later it was destroyed by the gods 500 years ago.<ref name="Dain C1A4P2">{{Ref/Quest|A Herald Without Adherents}}</ref>

The practice of the [[Art of Khemia]] led to the Kingdom of Khaenri'ah's ruin.<ref name="youtu.be">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/xOJfaOI87XU Collected Miscellany - "Albedo: Kreideprinz"]</ref> 500 years ago, in an event now referred to as the "cataclysm" or "catastrophe," the alchemist Gold's bottomless desire to create ever more powerful creatures led to the destruction of the [[Eclipse Dynasty]], which ruled the Kingdom of Khaenri'ah.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1|Ballad Selection Excerpt}}</ref> These monsters, along with the creatures corrupted by Gold &mdash; such as [[Durin]] &mdash; spewed forth from the fallen nation into the land of [[Teyvat]].

[[Mondstadt]]'s [[Knights of Favonius]], then led by Grand Master [[Arundolyn]], led an expedition into Khaenri'ah to quell the monsters. His best friend and rival, [[Rostam]], fell in battle during the cataclysm, leaving Arundolyn greatly bereaved. Other notable figures who are known for fighting against the monsters include [[Viridescent]] and the [[Signora|Crimson Witch of Flames]]. While the initial surge of monsters was eventually suppressed, hilichurls continue to spawn throughout Teyvat.

In the present, Khaenri'ah continues its struggle against the effects of the curse. [[Kaeya]], their "last hope," was sent to Mondstadt for the sake of an "ancient plot," infiltrating the [[Ragnvindr Clan]] by being abandoned at the [[Dawn Winery]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaeya|4}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaeya|Vision}}</ref> The ultimate reason behind Kaeya being placed as a "sleeper" in Mondstadt by forces from Khaenri'ah is unknown.

===Abyss Order===
{{Main|Abyss Order}}
The Abyss Order originates from the destruction of Khaenri'ah by the gods;<ref name="Dain C1A4P2" /> it seeks to destroy the countries under the protection of [[The Seven]] in revenge.<ref name="Dain C1A4P3">{{Ref/Quest|Dishonorable Trial}}</ref> The people of Khaenri'ah turned into the monsters of the Abyss.<ref name="Sib C1A4P4">{{Ref/Quest|A Soul Set Apart}}</ref> Thus, it is thought that [[Abyss Mages]], [[Abyss Heralds]], and [[Abyss Lectors]] were once people from Khaenri'ah, possibly its aristocracy and knights / defending people.

===Art of Khemia===
{{main|Art of Khemia}}
The Art of Khemia is an advanced type of [[alchemy]] developed in Khaenri'ah which allows for the creation of life itself.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Albedo|3}}</ref> Five hundred years ago, the Art of Khemia was a major contributing factor behind the [[cataclysm]] and the fall of Khaenri'ah.<ref name="youtu.be"/><ref>{{Ref/VO|Venti|About Albedo}}</ref>

The only known practitioners of the Art of Khemia are [[Rhinedottir]] and [[Albedo]], her student and successful attempt to create a synthetic human.

===Automatons===
{{Main|Automatons}}
Code-named "Field Tillers" by the people of Khaenri'ah, [[Ruin Machines]] were made as weapons of war by the people of Khaenri'ah. After the nation's downfall, the machines migrated across Teyvat. Though dangerous, they now lack any planned purpose.<ref name="Dain C1A4P2" />

==Khaenri'ahns==
The people of Khaenri'ah were changed into creatures of the [[Abyss]] in the cataclysm that destroyed the dynasty 500 years as a result of the curse. Many were transformed into [[hilichurls]]; others became Abyss mages, heralds or lectors.
The Black Serpent Knights were transformed into [[Shadowy Husks]].<ref name="Requiem">{{Ref/Quest|Requiem of the Echoing Depths}}</ref>

However, some escaped this fate &mdash; one such is [[Dainsleif]] who instead was cursed with immortality for failing to protect the royal dynasty.<ref name="Sib C1A4P4" /> Despite the transformation of most people of Khaenri'ah into monsters, some of them still retained their memories such as some hilichurls entering [[The Chasm]]'s underground, aware that the curse's effects no longer linger in that area, wanting to end their suffering once and for all and the likes of [[Halfdan]], who can still remember Dainsleif as the "Twilight Sword" despite being a Shadowy Husk himself.<ref name="Requiem" />

[[Kaeya]]'s biological parents came from Khaenri'ah, but is unknown whether he lived in there before the cataclysm, or if he is only their descendant.

Other persons associated with the state include [[Rhinedottir]] and possibly [[Albedo]] by extension. [[Pierro]], who has the [[Primogem]]-shaped pupil like other Khaenri'ahns, is theorized to be from Khaenri'ah as well.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Mocking Mask}}</ref>

===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Khaenri'ah Characters|noregion=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Khaenri'ah Characters|noregion=1}}

==Trivia==
===In-Game===
* [[Jean]]'s [[Jean/Voice-Overs|Voice-Overs]] mention a legend of a "heroic king of Khaenri'ah," which she offers to tell the [[Traveler]] about.
* The Eclipse Dynasty was previously translated as the {{Not a typo|Blacksun Dynasty}}.
* In the story told in the description of [[Bloodstained Final Hour]], the [[Bloodstained Knight]] ventures into the Abyss, which he discovers was once a kingdom, those inhabitants were turned into monsters by a curse. A direct link with Khaenri'ah is not made though it could be speculated that the two are actually the same.
* It is unclear if the term Khemia is just a synonym for Alchemy, or a more advanced art.
* A hilichurl tribe called the Eclipse tribe seems to be related to Khaenri'ah's Eclipse Dynasty.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Hilichurl Cultural Customs}}</ref>
** The Traveler seems to know something about the Eclipse symbol used by the Eclipse tribe.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Traveler|About the Eclipse Tribe}}</ref>
* Although it has been stated that Khaenri'ah's downfall was at the hands of [[Celestia]], it is unknown if [[The Seven]] were involved in its destruction or not.
*Characters of Khaenri'ahn descent, such as Kaeya and Dainsleif, are typically depicted with pupils in the shape of [[Symbols in Teyvat#Four-Pointed Star|four-pointed stars]].

===Etymology===
* Several elements of Khaenri'ah are most likely inspired by the {{w|Germanic mythology|Germanic legends}}, particularly the {{w|Nibelungenlied|Nibelungen song}}.
** Most characters related to Khaenri'ah are named after Germanic/Norse myth and literature:
*** [[Dainsleif]] &mdash; {{w|Dáinsleif|the name of a legendary sword}}
*** Alberich ([[Kaeya]]'s surname) &mdash; {{w|Alberich|the name of a dwarven king}}, also appearing in Richard Wagner's Ring of the Nibelungen opera.
*** [[Durin]] and [[Dvalin]] &mdash; {{w|Durinn|the names of two dwarven smiths}}
*** [[Rhinedottir]] &mdash; a {{w|Rhinemaidens|character from Wagner's opera based on the Germanic mythology}}, etc.
** The battle between gods and god-like powers caused a catastrophe onto the world, and [[Abyss Heralds]] still preaches the burning and the end of the world. The concept resembles the event in the Norse mythology called {{Lang|"Fate of the Gods"|non=''{{w|Ragnarök}}''}} or {{Lang|"Twilight of the Gods"|de=''Götterdämmerung''}} in the Nibelungen song. The title of Dainsleif &mdash; "Twilight Sword" &mdash; shares a similar wording.
* Khemia is phonetically similar to several etymological origins for the modern terms {{w|alchemy}} and {{w|chemistry}}. The origin of these terms are uncertain and multiple derivations exist.<ref>Wikipedia: {{w|Etymology of chemistry}}</ref>
** One possible derivation is from the Arabic {{Lang|mini=1|ar={{wt|كيمياء}}|ar_rm=kīmiyāʾ|ar_tl=chemistry}}, which comes from Coptic term {{Lang|mini=1|cop={{wt|ⲕⲏⲙⲉ}}|cop_rm=kēme|cop_tl=Egypt}}. The Coptic term ultimately derives from the ancient Egyptian word {{Lang|mini=1|egy={{wt|𓆎𓅓𓏏𓊖}}|egy_rm=kmt}}, referring to both the country Egypt and the color black.
** Other possible derivations are from the Ancient Greek {{Lang|mini=1|grc={{wt|χημεία}}|grc_rm=khēmeía}} meaning "pouring" or "infusion," or the Ancient Greek metallurgical term {{Lang|mini=1|grc={{wt|χυμεία}}|grc_rm=khumeía}} originally meaning "pouring together," "casting together," "weld," or "alloy."
** In Arabic, "alchemy" translates to {{Lang|mini=1|ar={{wt|خيمياء}}|ar_rm=ḵīmiyāʾ}}.
* Khaenri'ah's motto, "The land is [...] to be fought for with steel and blood",<ref name="Dain C1A4P2" /> is likely to be a reference to {{Lang|"with iron and blood"|de=''durch Eisen und Blut''}}, a famous phrase used during the {{w|Blood and Iron (speech)|Blood and Iron Speech}} made by the Prussian minister president {{w|Otto von Bismarck}} in 1862.
** While the English version uses the wording "with steel and blood", the Chinese one uses {{Lang|"with iron and blood"|zh=用铁和血}} that exactly matches the wording of the historical speech.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Khaenri'ah
|zhs     = 坎瑞亚
|zhs_rm  = Kǎnruìyà
|zht     = 坎瑞亞
|zht_rm  = Kǎnruìyà
|ja      = カーンルイア
|ja_rm   = Kaanruia
|ko      = 켄리아
|ko_rm   = Kenria
|es      = Khaenri'ah
|fr      = Khaenri'ah
|ru      = Каэнри'ах
|th      = Khaenri'ah
|vi      = Khaenri'ah
|de      = Khaenri'ah
|id      = Khaenri'ah
|pt      = Khaenri'ah
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Other}}

[[es:Khaenri'ah]]
[[pt-br:Khaenri'ah]]
[[th:Khaenri'ah]]
[[uk:Хаенрі'ах]]