{{Chapter Infobox
|image  = Khvarena of Good and Evil Chapter.png
|type   = World
|major  = yes
|region = Sumeru
}}
'''Khvarena of Good and Evil''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Sumeru]].

==List of Quests==
# [[The Splendorous Sky That Day]]
# [[Awakening's Real Sound]]
# [[Asipattravana Itihasa]]
# [[As the Khvarena's Light Shows]]
#* [[As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Samudaya]]
#* [[As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Dukkha]]
#* [[As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha]]
# [[The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)]]
# [[The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)]]

==Summary==
;The Splendorous Sky That Day
While exploring [[Gavireh Lajavard]] in Sumeru, the Traveler and Paimon find a mysterious drum buried in the sand. A note found near the drum informs them that this drum is part of an incomplete Adventurer's Guild commission involving something called "[[The Sign of Apaosha]]." Katheryne explains that the Akademiya issued this commission to resolve a strange, concerning phenomenon in the northern desert that may be connected to the [[cataclysm]], but that exploration and investigation are difficult due to the isolated nature of the group that controls the area, the [[Nagarjunites]]. The Guild has been commissioned to make contact with the Nagarjunites, and Katheryne offers the commission to the Traveler, who accepts. The drum is brought along as a token of good faith.

The Traveler and Paimon meet a [[Pyrrho|member]] of the Nagarjunites (who call themselves the Order of Skeptics) who does not recognize the drum, but after fighting him, a [[Pari]] named [[Sorush]] appears and intervenes. Sorush, claiming that it is her duty to sacrifice herself to eradicate the Sign of Apaosha, appoints the Traveler as her Yasnapati and brings them and Paimon to meet [[Nasejuna]], the leader of the Order of Skeptics. Nasejuna explains that the Sign of Apaosha reflects the [[Abyss]] and corrupts the land around it, and in order to purify it, the Great Songs of [[Khvarena]] must be gathered to perform the Rite of Chinvat. Sorush's task is to gather the songs, but she must first obtain the Twin-Horned Chaplet, which will allow her to touch the Great Songs. The Traveler and Paimon accompany her to speak with [[Zurvan]], a Pari elder, to persuade her to give Sorush the chaplet. Zurvan orders Sorush to prove herself trustworthy enough for the chaplet by first finding two other Pari, [[Rashnu]] and [[Mihir]].
----
;Asipattravana Itihasa
Sorush, the Traveler, and Paimon go to find Mihir in [[Asipattravana Swamp]], where Mihir was stationed to suppress the corruption. The swamp is filled with purple mist, which the Traveler and Sorush must work together to dispel. Mihir is found trapped underground by the mist and is rescued. She has been greatly weakened and injured by the polluted energy, and the Traveler, Paimon, and Sorush escort her on a "cleansing pilgrimage" before she can return to the [[Vourukasha Oasis]]. Meanwhile, Sorush's pride is hurt by Mihir's accomplishments, causing her to make disparaging remarks towards Mihir, while Mihir accuses Sorush of being influenced by Nasuraja. However, both agree that Pari must fulfill their duties themselves.

Back in the Vourukasha Oasis, the Traveler and Paimon try to convince Sorush that she does not need to sacrifice herself to resolve the Sign of Apaosha, but fail to persuade her.
----
;Awakening's Real Sound
Sorush, the Traveler, and Paimon venture out to find Rashnu in the [[Hills of Barsom]], and upon arrival, they find Nasejuna. Nasejuna tells the Traveler and Paimon about the history of the Barsom and [[Kory Drum]]s. Long ago when disaster arose in the land, the predecessors of the Skeptics fought alongside the Pari, forming a profound friendship with them. The Kory Drums were crafted in honor of Barsom's familiar, who had a preference for music. On the ceremony which Skeptics and Pari would make their bond official, five drums were gathered and played to musical scores &mdash; however, through the passage of time, the drums and their legacy had been long lost. The Skeptics had failed to preserve important tradition, and Barsom's familiar stopped answering their cries and pleas. Nasejuna tells of [[Aryadeva]], an elder amongst the Skeptics. He travelled to [[Sumeru City]] in pursuit of his light novel and [[Genius Invokation TCG]] fantasies, despite being the most well-versed in the Skeptics' traditions. Albeit reliant on his assistance, Nasejuna describes him as a "ridiculous old geezer."

Nasejuna leads the group to the entrance of a cave nearby, the entrance of which is blocked by rockfall. Nasejuna quickly places a package inside the rock's crevice, before lighting a fuse and shattering the boulders. Afterwards, [[Rifthound]]s &mdash; remnants of past wars &mdash; appear, and the Traveler must fight them off. There is a Khvarena nearby, which allows the group to enter the Gray Gate. Inside the cave lies a Dendro Bell, along with an adventurer's note and a map of the Kory Drums' locations. Sorush, the Traveler, and Paimon set out to find all five musical carvings, before locating the three drums. The carvings are scattered around the Hills of Barsom, while the Kory Drums are located in a cave at eastern-most point of Asipattravana Swamp, a crevice near Vourukasha Oasis, and a mountain next to [[Gate of Zulqarnain]]. For each drum location, there is a [[Trial of the Soul Bell|Soul Bell]] accompanying a trial. As follows, they are: Collecting Dendro particles, killing a group of [[Electro Slime]]s, and lighting bonfires within a time limit, respectively.

Returning to the Hills of Barsom, Nasejuna is hesitant to allow the Traveler to perform the ritual. After telling of experience in music on adventures, Sorush decides that the Traveler shall do the deed, despite Nasejuna's desire to do it himself. There are five drums scattered around the tree, each with its own corresponding musical score. The Traveler simply has to perform the music with three types of actions: Normal Attack, plunge attack, and standing still, according to if the leaves on the score are empty, filled out, or halved, respectively.

After the ritual, Rashnu awakes from her slumber, only to inform the group that she tossed the drums away herself. She thought the humans and their antics to be too noisy, and her sleep was disturbed. However, Sorush is in denial, telling Rashnu that she simply is too muddled. The group agrees to meet back with Zurvan.
----
;As the Khvarena's Light Shows
Sorush, the Traveler, and Paimon return to the Vourukasha Oasis and meet with Zurvan. Despite having found the two other Pari, Zurvan does not give the chaplet to Sorush due to her not being one of the Bloomguard. Sorush prays to the Khvarena and becomes acknowledged as a Bloomguard, and grows a Twin-Horned Chaplet on her head. While the group discusses the Great Songs of Khvarena, Zurvan becomes suspicious of Nasejuna for having knowledge of the Songs due to Zurvan being the only one who should know about their existence. Zurvan explains that the Great Songs were scattered throughout the land with one of them being hidden by herself for future use, and tells them of the location of the first song in Sunyata Lake.

At Sunyata Lake, Sorush uses her powers to reveal the first Great Song of Khvarena and collects it. The three go to meet Nasejuna, who has the locations of the remaining four songs. Nasejuna explains that his knowledge of the Great Songs' existence comes from documents he received from a scholar that contained long-lost traditions of the Order of Skeptics.

After this, three quests begin to find the Great Songs. Upon completing them, Nasejuna shows the group the location of the final Great Song in an underground [[Khaenri'ah]]n (referred to by Nasejuna as "Dahri") factory. The Traveler and Paimon are wary of Nasejuna's strange familiarity with the workings of the factory, but decide to address it after the rite is done. After traversing through the factory and finding the last Great Song, Nasejuna becomes impatient with the group when they do not give him the Great Songs for further examination. Nasejuna snaps at Sorush, blowing his cover and revealing he was only pretending to worship her in order to take the Great Songs for himself and release the seal on the Abyss. He states that he realized the history of the Order of Skeptics was all myths, while the accounted history of the Khaenri'ahns was more factual. Nasejuna reveals that The Sign of Apaosha was believed to be a reflection of the "reality" beyond Teyvat's skies and by using the Great Songs of Khvarena, said reality could be unleashed upon the world. The Traveler battles Nasejuna and a summoned Abyss Herald and emerges victorious, but Nasejuna flees.
----
;The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)
The three return to the Vourukasha Oasis, where Sorush is embarrassed at having been tricked for so long by Nasejuna. The Traveler and Paimon reassure her of her strengths and value to the quest, and they continue on to fix The Sign of Apaosha. They inform Zurvan of the events at the factory, and she reveals that the Abyss Herald they fought was once a member of the Order of Skeptics that had sided with the Abyss Order after entering some Khaenri'ahn ruins. Monsters from the Abyss had attacked the Vourukasha Oasis, which led to Zurvan sealing it and other ruins away with the Great Songs of Khvarena. When asked about the ancestors of the Order of Skeptics, she cryptically says that [[Cataclysm|the events of 500 years ago]] must be seen by the Traveler instead of being told by Zurvan herself.

The Traveler, Paimon, and Sorush meet Mihir and Rashnu at the [[Tunigi Hollow]] in order to place the Great Songs of Khvarena and open a path to the [[Harvisptokhm]], where they can cleanse it of corruption. Upon placing all of the Great Songs within the surrounding tree hollows and purifying three flowers, the Tunigi Hollow is cleansed and a path to the Harvisptokhm is opened.
----
;The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)
The three reach the top of the Harvisptokhm when suddenly Sorush has a vision of the Pari fighting during the cataclysm, notably fighting alongside Khaenri'ahn warriors including "a [[Dainsleif|masked sword-wielder]] and a [[Nagarjuna|one-armed sage]]." The three of them open another path inside the tree to the Gaokerena, the lotus at the center of the Harvisptokhm, and enter the tree's Defiled Chambers in order to collect Spenta Hearts, the hearts of the Pari's god. After collecting them, Sorush begins the Rite of Ab-Zohr, which will make a Flower of Sanctity bloom within the Gaokerena, awakening the consciousness of the god and purging the corruption. After defeating the corrupted monsters gathered within the lotus, the Flower of Sanctity blooms and the filth is dispelled.

The three meet Zurvan outside, where the Sign of Apaosha has disappeared and the stump that was once Harvisptokhm has grown back into a giant tree. Zurvan tells the group about her experiences 500 years ago and how she rescued a masked swordsman holding a ring in the wilderness. She and the swordsman fought together against the monsters from the Abyss, with the Traveler recognizing the man as Dainsleif. Zurvan goes on to describe the arrival of scholars from the rainforest led by the one-armed sage who sought to fight against the Abyss. They entered a ruin together and discovered machines and documents, which the one-armed sage used to find a path into the Harvisptokhm. The group entered the tree and purified the land, purging the monsters and creating more Pari from the sea of flowers. The masked swordsman left with [[Traveler's Sibling|a person with golden hair]], while the one-armed sage disappeared into the ruins, and the remaining scholars became the ancestors of the Order of Skeptics. Zurvan tells the Traveler to say hello to the masked swordsman for her, as she is sure their paths will cross soon.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Khvarena of Good and Evil Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Khvarena of Good and Evil Chapter Quests}}

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Khvarena of Good and Evil|requirements=1}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|zhs      = 善恶的赫瓦雷纳
|zhs_rm   = Shàn'è de Hèwǎléinà
|zht      = 善惡的赫瓦雷納
|zht_rm   = Shàn'è de Hèwǎléinà
|zh_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|ja       = 善悪のクヴァレナ
|ja_rm    = Zen'aku no Kuvarena
|ja_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|ko       = 선악의 크바레나
|ko_rm    = Seonak-ui Keubarena
|ko_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|es       = Jvarena del bien y del mal
|es_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|fr       = La khvarena de la moralité
|fr_tl    = Khvarena of Morality
|ru       = Хварна добра и зла
|ru_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|th       = ควาเรนาห์แห่งความดีชั่ว
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Khvarena Của Thiện Và Ác
|vi_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|de       = Khvarena von Gut und Böse
|de_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|id       = Khvarena Baik dan Buruk
|id_tl    = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|pt       = Khvarena da Moralidade
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Khvarena'nın Fazileti
|tr_tl    = Khvarena's Virtue
|it       = Khvarena del Bene e del Male
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[es:Jvarena del bien y del mal]]
[[ja:善悪のクヴァレナ]]
[[pt-br:Khvarena da Moralidade]]