{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19035
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Chongyun
|actNum        = I
|act           = Signs of Evil
|description   = After a conversation with the [[Test of Courage]] staff, you discover that the spooky things happening there are all instigated by humans. While you expected as much, you imagine that Chongyun would be quite disappointed if you told him so...
|startLocation = [[Wuwang Hill]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Sudden Discomfort
|prev2         = Ever Deeper
|next          = Independent Actions
|other         = *Small Regrets
|characters    = Chongyun; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Killjoy''' is a quest in the second branch of [[Chongyun]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Signs of Evil]].

==Steps==
# Tell [[Chongyun]] the truth

==Notes==
* Branches
** Branch 1: As Yet Undersigned (''Remember that strange mist we found earlier? I would like to investigate that further.'')
*** Follows up
** Branch 2: '''Ending''' (''Right let's head back.'')
*** This ends this route.
**** Gives the Memory "Small Regrets"

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
===Nothing Going Bump After All...===
;(Talk to Chongyun)
;(If coming from [[Ever Deeper]])
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903110 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You're back! How did it go? Did you see an evil spirit...?
::{{DIcon}} No, I only saw an [[Zhouliang|event staff member]] pretending to be a ghost.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903110 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Huh...? So that's what's going on here!?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903110 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No evil spirits...? No danger...? It's all just a setup...?
::{{DIcon}} It's just for entertainment, you took it way too seriously.
::{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, but that seems to be the truth.
::{{DIcon}} That's all there is to the [[Test of Courage]].
;(If coming from [[Sudden Discomfort]])
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Thanks for finding these ingredients for me. I feel much better now.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Although I still feel the yang energy stirring, at least I won't need to worry about it getting out of control.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So, did you find any new leads when you were out looking for ingredients?
::{{DIcon}} No, I only saw an [[Fu San'er|event staff member]] pretending to be a ghost.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Huh...? So that's what's going on here!?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Does that mean that all the strange things here are just a hoax?
::{{DIcon}} It's just for entertainment, you took it way too seriously.
::{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, but that seems to be the truth.
::{{DIcon}} That's all there is to the [[Test of Courage]].

:<!--{{A|vo cycop001 1903110 chongyun 04.ogg}}-->{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I&mdash;I see... So I was wrong again.
:<!--{{A|vo cycop001 1903110 chongyun 05.ogg}}-->{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* In that case, I suppose there's no reason for us to linger here any longer.
:{{DIcon}} Remember that strange mist we found earlier? I would like to investigate that further.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Right, let's head back.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])

===Branch 1===
:{{DIcon}} Remember that strange mist we found earlier? I would like to investigate that further.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Yes, that was proof of an evil spirit's presence, but we can't be sure that the spirits still exist.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Actually, I would also like to investigate that further...
:{{DIcon}} We've already come all this way, let's have a look.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You're right. I'll focus my mind and spirit.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 15.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Perhaps it'd be more effective for us to split up.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Evil spirits will keep their distance if they sense the power of my pure-yang spirit.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 17.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So you'll be more likely to find one if you're on your own.
:{{DIcon}} And then I'll wait for you to come and defeat it?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 18.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Yes, that would be best. Just keep it distracted till I arrive.
:{{DIcon}} I might defeat the spirit by the time you arrive.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 19.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Another means to the same end. Don't worry about me, purging it is the priority.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 20.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I'll take this side, you take the other side. Let's move.
;(Continues to [[Independent Actions]])

===Branch 2===
:{{DIcon}} Right, let's head back.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I'm sorry, this has all been a waste of your precious time...
:{{DIcon}} Don't take it to heart.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we could hang out together sometime.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hehe, you are very kind.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' At least we checked the Test of Courage together and verified that the place is clear of danger...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903202 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* But if only we had found some evil spirits, then it all would have been worthwhile...
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Small Regrets====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Small Regrets
|character       = Chongyun
|act             = 1
|description     = Just a small opportunity away from a satisfactory outcome.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Killjoy
|zhs     = 扫兴而归
|zhs_rm  = Sǎoxìng Ér Guī
|zht     = 敗興而歸
|zht_rm  = Sǎoxìng Ér Guī
|zh_tl   = Returning Disappointed
|ja      = 興ざめで帰る
|ja_rm   = Kyouzamede Kaeru
|ja_tl   = Lost Interest and Return
|ko      = 수확 제로
|ko_rm   = Suhwak Jero
|ko_tl   = Outcome Zero
|es      = Aguando la fiesta
|es_tl   = Watering the Party
|es_note = This phrase refers to the action of ruining a party, similar to partypooper.
|fr      = Déception
|fr_tl   = Disappointment
|ru      = Разочарование
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ความผิดหวัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mất Hứng Trở Về
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Enttäuschende Entdeckung
|de_tl   = Dissapointing Discovery
|id      = Kecewa
|id_tl   = Disappointed
|pt      = Estraga-prazeres
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}