{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = King Deshret Eye.png
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Gods
|title            = Lord of Deserts
|title2           = Mourning King
|title3           = Lord of the Blazing Sun
|title4           = Lord of Sand
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
}}
'''King Deshret''', also known as '''Al-Ahmar''' (meaning "The Red One"),<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lost in Prosperity}}</ref><ref name="TLAA">{{Ref/Item|The Lay of Al-Ahmar}}</ref> was the Lord of Deserts and one of the three God-Kings of [[Sumeru]], alongside [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], the previous [[Dendro Archon]], and [[Nabu Malikata]], the Goddess of Flowers.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Gilded Dreams}}</ref> He died over a thousand years before the events of the story.

King Deshret built his domain in the desert, full of ancient technology and mysterious powers, such as the [[Primal Construct]]s. [[Faruzan]] had also been trapped in some ruins related to him that preserved her body and mind for a century without stasis. [[The Eremites]] are descended from his subjects, and some present-day Eremites still worship him and wish to bring him back. Embers of his civilization were preserved in the form of [[Aaru Village]],<ref name="Secret of the Scorching Desert">{{Ref/Quest|Secret of the Scorching Desert}}</ref> with the village's people, as well as it's Guardians such as [[Candace]], being metaphorically referred to as his descendants.<ref>HoYoLab: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7118111 Of red sands and glimmering gold, her vow to defend stands strong]</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Candace|1}}</ref>

==Profile==
King Deshret was known as the "king of warriors, horticulturists, and sages." His domain was the desert and he was the master of the one thousand and one Jinn.<ref name="TLAA" /> He once ruled Sumeru with the two other God Kings, Nabu Malikata and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, and together the three were oathbound friends. However, after the death of Nabu Malikata, King Deshret and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata parted ways and built their own civilizations in separate corners of Sumeru.

===Personality===
King Deshret seemed to be a god with strong will and ambitions, either fearless or foolish as he was willing to rebel against the [[Celestia|divine]] while fully knowing the repercussions it will bring, though this strong will and desires garnered the sympathy of Nabu Malikata, who deemed that he may bring the possibility to transcend the [[Celestia#The Heavenly Principles|laws of this world]].<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Flower of Paradise Lost}}</ref> He was also known as the Mourning King because of his deep sorrow and nostalgia for the past. It was said that he would look up at the sky and remember the "boundless paradise high above and the merciless reign of thousands of years past."<ref name="TLAA" /> His attachment to the past eventually caused him to go mad and brought the downfall of his people.

==Story==
According to legend, King Deshret was a son of the sky, which was why he received fervent worship from the desert tribes.<ref name="TLAA" /> He was friends with Greater Lord Rukkhadevata and Nabu Malikata and shared his throne with them during the [[Archon War]].<ref name="AC">{{Ref/Arti|Amethyst Crown}}</ref> He rejected the "gift" given to him by [[Celestia]] (implied to be a [[Gnosis]], and by extension the position of Archon) to pursue his own interests and ambitions.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Wilting Feast}}</ref> He and Nabu Malikata joined forces and built the ancient kingdom of [[Ay-Khanoum]], which means "City of the Moon Maiden" in the ancient language of the Jinn.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Oasis Garden's Mourning}}</ref> He was in love with Nabu Malikata and she was aware of his affections,<ref name="GT">{{Ref/Item|Oasis Garden's Truth}}</ref> although whether she reciprocated his feelings is unknown.

He has desires and ambitions that has been kept as a secret from most people, but it is said "might shock even the wisest of gods". It is hinted whatever his desires are, rebelling and doing transgressions against the divine are part of it.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Flower of Paradise Lost}}</ref> On one night over drinks, he shared all of his desires to Nabu Malikata after she had warned him of possible repercussions from Heavenly Principles.<ref name="AC" /> Nabu Malikata realized that King Deshret's stubborn desire cannot be stopped, while at the same time realizes that his desire may bring "the possibility to transcend the absurd shackles that governed this world", and thus finally agreed to assist him manifesting his desires by "fashioning a bridge" and "bestowing higher knowledge" upon him, warning him that he will lose much in the exchange. After a certain ritual done by the two of them, King Deshret emerged alone and Nabu Malikata are never to be seen again.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Secret-Keeper's Magic Bottle}}</ref>

After the Goddess of Flowers's passing &mdash; unbeknownst to him, willingly &mdash; King Deshret mourned her deeply.<ref name="GT" /><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Wilting Feast}}</ref> According to legends, he went to look for the [[Divine Nail]] of the sands, and upon finding it, used its power to build the [[Eternal Oasis]] as cemetery for Nabu Malikata.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|A Moment Congealed}}</ref><ref name="DotED">{{Ref/Arti|Defender of the Enchanting Dream}}</ref> Following her passing, countless Jinn, creations of Nabu Malikata, became his servants.<ref name="DotED" /> He eventually went mad in his desire, and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata decided to leave and created an oasis in a corner of the desert, building a thriving rainforest.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Olden Days of Scorching Might}}</ref>

King Deshret then created his utopia, free of "worry, schemes, and slavery," based on what Nabu Malikata had once taught him.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Remnant Glow of Scorching Might}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Staff of the Scarlet Sands|Lore}}</ref><ref group="Note">The result of his utopia may be the Golden Slumber and the Eternal Dreamland, which were featured in the World Quest ''[[Golden Slumber]]''.</ref>

Later in his madness, King Deshret would eventually unleash forbidden knowledge upon the world, which would quickly devastate his people and bring [[The Withering]] into existence, with [[Eleazar]] being a manifestation of it on people. Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, who had left the desert and created the forests by then, came to his rescue and had priests build temples with the power of life to mitigate the disaster, and the survivors of King Deshret's civilization would congregate in [[Aaru Village]]. Since the forbidden knowledge remained a threat, however, King Deshret chose to sacrifice his life, temporarily ending the disaster.<ref name="Secret of the Scorching Desert"/>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
*The description of King Deshret during ''[[Secret of the Scorching Desert]]'' recalls elements present in the works of {{W|H. P. Lovecraft}}, as deity bearer of forbidden knowledge capable of driving people into madness.

===Etymology===
* King Deshret is derived from the {{lang|''{{w|deshret}}''|egy={{wt|dšrt}}|egy_tl=The Red One}}, the red crown worn by rulers of {{w|Lower Egypt}}.
* {{lang|Al-Ahmar|ar=اَلْأَحْمَر}} is Arabic for "The Red One."
** This name may derive from the Red King of the Jinn, {{w|Jinn|Al-Ahmar}}.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Flex|
===King Deshret===
{{Other Languages
|en      = King Deshret
|zhs     = 赤王
|zhs_rm  = Chìwáng
|zht     = 赤王
|zht_rm  = Chìwáng
|zh_tl   = Red King
|ja      = キングデシェレト
|ja_rm   = Kingu Deshereto
|ja_tl   = King Deshret
|ko      = {{tt|적왕|赤王}}
|ko_rm   = Jeok'wang
|ko_tl   = Red King{{Sino|ko}}
|es      = Rey Deshret
|es_tl   = King Deshret
|fr      = Roi Deshret
|fr_tl   = King Deshret
|ru      = Царь Дешрет
|ru_tl   = King Deshret
|th      = ราชา Deshret
|th_rm   = Racha Deshret
|th_tl   = King Deshret
|vi      = Vua Deshret
|vi_tl   = King Deshret
|de      = König Deshret
|de_tl   = King Deshret
|id      = Raja Deshret
|id_tl   = King Deshret
|pt      = Rei Deshret
|pt_tl   = King Deshret
|tr      = Kral Deshret
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Re Deshret
|it_tl   = King Deshret
}}
|
===Al-Ahmar===
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Al-Ahmar
|zhs     = 阿赫玛尔
|zhs_rm  = Āhèmǎ'ěr
|zht     = 阿赫瑪爾
|zht_rm  = Āhèmǎ'ěr
|ja      = アフマル
|ja_rm   = Afumaru
|ko      = 아흐마르
|ko_rm   = Aheumareu
|es      = Al-Ahmar
|fr      = Al-Ahmar
|ru      = Аль-Ахмар
|th      = Al-Ahmar
|vi      = Al-Ahmar
|de      = Al-Ahmar
|id      = Al-Ahmar
|pt      = Al-Ahmar
|tr      = Al-Ahmar
|it      = Al-Ahmar
}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Rey Deshret]]
[[fr:Roi Deshret]]
[[pt-br:Rei Deshret]]
[[ru:Алый король]]
[[th:Scarlet King]]