{{About|the [[Commission]]|the [[Quest Item]]|King of Invokations (Book)|additional information about the book series|Genius Invokation TCG/Lore#King of Invokations}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23033
|type          = Commission
|image         = King of Invokations.png
|npc           = Fukumoto
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = Next Time, On King of Invokations...
|characters    = Fukumoto (King of Invokations); Traveler
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''King of Invokations''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
===Modeling Version===
#Talk to [[Fukumoto (King of Invokations)|Fukumoto]]
#Go to the spot to take photos
#Go to the spot and strike a pose
#*Interact with Fukumoto's [[Kamera]] to enter photo mode, and then take a picture.
#Talk to Fukumoto

===Slime Version===
#Talk to [[Fukumoto (King of Invokations)|Fukumoto]]
#Go to the spot to take photos
#Defeat all opponents {{Enemy List|Hydro Slime*3;Large Hydro Slime}}
#Talk to Fukumoto

==Gameplay Notes==
* In the slime version of the commission, the slimes will be present at step 2. If they have already been defeated when step 3 is reached, they will respawn and must be defeated again.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While in Sumeru, you bump into a novelist looking for inspiration.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Fukumoto, optional)
:'''Fukumoto:''' (Fingers crossed it'll become a best-seller this time.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Modeling Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Fukumoto)
;(If the commission has not been completed before)
:;(If [[Come Try Genius Invokation TCG!]] has not been completed{{verify|is completion necessary?}})
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Darn it. Those Sumeru people made me feel so cheated!
:;(If [[Come Try Genius Invokation TCG!]] has been completed{{verify|is completion necessary?}})
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Darn it. Those Sumeru people make me feel so cheated!
::{{DIcon}} Did someone cheat you out of your money?
::'''Fukumoto:''' Wah, you... you scared me!
::'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh* I didn't lose money, but they did trick me into coming to Sumeru...
::'''Fukumoto:''' Oh, let me introduce myself first... My name is Fukumoto, a novelist from Inazuma.
::{{DIcon}} You say you were cheated?
::'''Fukumoto:''' Well, it's a long story... Have you heard of [[Genius Invokation TCG|Genius Invokation]], the card game created by the Akademiya?
:;(If [[Come Try Genius Invokation TCG!]] has not been completed{{verify|is completion necessary?}})
:::{{DIcon}} G&mdash;Genius Invokation?
:::{{DIcon}} Card game?
:::'''Fukumoto:''' You didn't know that? I'm surprised. Haven't you heard of that book I wrote, "[[King of Invokations (Book)|King of Invokations]]"? It's one of the best sellers in Yae Publishing House!
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Uh... you didn't know that either? It's... It's alright. It doesn't matter!
:::'''Fukumoto:''' In short, some guys in the [[Sumeru Akademiya]] invented a card game named [[Genius Invokation TCG]].
:::'''Fukumoto:''' To promote the game, they asked me through Yae Publishing House to write a light novel based on its rules.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' However, those researchers haven't figured out the game rules themselves. Besides, our communication is far from efficient given the long distance between Sumeru and Inazuma. So I've been having a tough time writing...
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Fortunately, I got to finish the novel with the support of Yae Publishing House. The book sold well, and it drove the sales of Genius Invokation TCG as planned.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' And here's the point... the researchers said they would rewrite the rules for Genius Invokation TCG and roll out a new version of the game.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' They asked me to write a sequel based on the new game, and invited me to the Sumeru Akademiya for a face-to-face meeting.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' I came all the way from Inazuma to Sumeru, only to hear from the researchers that... the rules of the new version of Genius Invokation TCG have yet to be determined! They have asked me to stay in Sumeru for the time being.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' They meant to apologize, and introduce me to some big names in the Akademiya as the inspirations for my book, including [[Cyno]], and [[Tighnari]]...
:::'''Fukumoto:''' At first I was a little upset, but the researchers... every one of them looked like they hadn't gotten a single night's sleep in a long time. The one who was supposed to greet me could barely stand...
:::'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh* So I gave it some thought. Since I haven't even finished working on the outline for my book, I should be able to wait a little longer. I agreed to stay in Sumeru until the new rules are finalized.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Thus, this is what I've come for today.
:;(If [[Come Try Genius Invokation TCG!]] has been completed{{verify|is completion necessary?}})
:::'''Fukumoto:''' This book I'm writing called "King of Invokations," you must've seen&mdash; no, heard of it, at least?
:::'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh*... Never mind. In short, some people in the Sumeru Akademiya invented a card game named Genius Invokation TCG.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' To promote the game, they asked me through Yae Publishing House to write a light novel based on its rules.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' However, those researchers haven't figured out the game rules themselves. Additionally, communications between Sumeru and Inazuma are very inefficient due to the greatness of distance. So, I've been having a tough time writing...
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Fortunately, I got to finish the novel with the support of Yae Publishing House. The book sold well, and it drove the sales of Genius Invokation TCG as planned.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' And here's the point... the researchers said they would rewrite the rules for Genius Invokation TCG and roll out a new version of the game.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' They asked me to write a sequel based on the new game and invited me to the Sumeru Akademiya for a face-to-face meeting.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' After an extended session of hard work, those group of researchers finally settled on the rules for Genius Invokation TCG...
:::'''Fukumoto:''' But my novel is not finished yet. To get inspiration, I have to stay awhile in Sumeru.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Traveler, could you do me a favor?
::{{DIcon}} Only if you tell me what it is...
::{{DIcon}} I'm not very good at playing cards...
::'''Fukumoto:''' Here's the thing. To make the novel more appealing, I went out of my way and asked [[Asagiri]] to draw illustrations for it.
::'''Fukumoto:''' I've decided on several key plots for illustrations. But in addition to written descriptions, I also need to give Asagiri some pose references.
::'''Fukumoto:''' But with my limited experience in fighting, the poses I struck all looked weak and lacked spirit.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Traveler, I bet you're a battle-hardened veteran. Can you model for me? See, I even borrowed a [[Kamera]]...
::{{DIcon}} Alright...
::{{DIcon}} Make sure I look good.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' No problem. Trust me on that!
::'''Fukumoto:''' I appreciate that, Traveler. I've found a nice spot. Let's head there!

;(If the commission has been completed before)
:;(If [[Come Try Genius Invokation TCG!]] has not been completed)
:::'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh* Are these researchers actually okay?
:::{{DIcon}} What's wrong with the researchers?
:::'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh* Don't get me started. It's about Genius Invokation TCG, of course. Judging from how hard the researchers are working, I'm worried that they'll have ground themselves to dust by the time the new rules are finished.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Still, they seem to have worked out the general idea for the rules of the game. I finally have something to work with.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' I don't quite understand the nature of their work... All I can do is trust that they'll do their best.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' As for me? I've still got some work to do on the illustrations.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Thanks to your help last time, Asagiri has produced some pretty nice illustrations.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' If you don't mind, Traveler, could you be my model again?
:::{{DIcon}} Alright...
::::'''Fukumoto:''' Thanks a lot. I will take care of the payment.
:::{{DIcon}} Didn't they introduce you to any big names?
::::'''Fukumoto:''' Well... they said they were trying, but it seems that Cyno and Tighnari are too busy to model for now.
::::'''Fukumoto:''' But I heard Cyno is a master in Genius Invokation TCG!
::::'''Fukumoto:''' If I can get him to strike a dashing pose at the table with cards in hand...
::::'''Fukumoto:''' Forget it. We'd better be realistic.
::::'''Fukumoto:''' Thank you for being my model, Traveler. I'll be sure to compensate you!
:;(If [[Come Try Genius Invokation TCG!]] has been completed)
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Whoa, these researchers still got a bit of fight left in them...
:::{{DIcon}} What's wrong with the researchers?
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Oh, don't mention it. This matter concerns none other than Genius Invokation TCG. Didn't that group of researchers work tirelessly to flesh out the rules of Genius Invokation TCG?
:::'''Fukumoto:''' I thought they could take a breather this time... But I didn't think that they'd begin studying again. They said something about continuing planning subsequent designs...
:::'''Fukumoto:''' I don't quite understand the nature of their work... All I can do is trust that they'll do their best.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' As for me? I've still got some work to do on the illustrations.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' Thanks to your help last time, Asagiri has produced some pretty nice illustrations.
:::'''Fukumoto:''' If you don't mind, Traveler, could you be my model again?
:::{{DIcon}} Alright...
::::'''Fukumoto:''' Thanks a lot. I will take care of the payment.
:::{{DIcon}} When will you return to Inazuma?
::::'''Fukumoto:''' Hmm... Once I get enough inspiration.
::::'''Fukumoto:''' So much good writing material. I want to write a little more.
::'''Fukumoto:''' I've found a nice spot. It's not far away.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Alright, lemme pack up my Kamera and then we can head out!
----
;(Go to the spot marked on the map)
:'''Fukumoto:''' This is the place. Let me see... Well, first I need...
:'''Fukumoto:''' A pose when the character finds themselves in trouble...
:'''Paimon:''' That's not clear at all. Paimon has no idea what kind of pose to make!
:'''Fukumoto:''' Umm... Just go with your instinct.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Now Traveler, what will you do when you find yourself in trouble?
:{{DIcon}} Well, I'll fight.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Impressive answer! So the first thing you do in the face of trouble is to fight... then please strike an imposing fighting stance!
::'''Fukumoto:''' Just like... you are ready to fight against the difficulties ahead.
::'''Fukumoto:''' This fight is what it takes to survive! Your only choice to live!
::'''Fukumoto:''' Ahem! Actually, these are the lines I designed for my character... Anyway, just try to imagine the situation and pose.
::'''Paimon:''' Umm... Paimon doubts the character would actually say things like that...
:{{DIcon}} I won't get myself into trouble.
::'''Fukumoto:''' What a proud answer! Just like one of my characters!
::'''Fukumoto:''' Then please strike a proud pose!

;(Talk to Fukumoto after taking a picture)
:'''Fukumoto:''' Nice job! These pictures should be enough for Asagiri. I guess the illustration thing is settled then...
:'''Fukumoto:''' Thank you, Traveler. Please take this as your reward.
:'''Fukumoto:''' I must return to the Akademiya and find a way to send these pictures back to Asagiri.
:'''Fukumoto:''' I heard that Asagiri has been getting a lot of appointments recently. Haha, guess I'll have to grab myself a slot before her schedule's full.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Hmm, this one is pretty good, so is that one...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Slime Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Fukumoto)
:'''Fukumoto:''' Traveler! Nice to see you again. Thanks to your help last time, Asagiri went smoothly with her illustrations.
;(If Genius Invokation TCG has not been unlocked yet){{verify}}
::{{DIcon}} Glad I could help.
::{{DIcon}} Are you still looking for inspiration today?
::'''Fukumoto:''' Yes, the researchers are still going over the finer details of production at the Akademiya.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Some have said that, since it's a new edition, the resource system should be innovative to ensure an experience that encourages creativity.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Some said more budget should be spent on hiring artists as attractive card designs are crucial to the card game.
::'''Fukumoto:''' And someone went even further, expecting a battle among all the researchers involved in the creation of Genius Invokation TCG.
::'''Fukumoto:''' The winner gets a greater say in it. Well, I think it's just their excuse for playing Genius Invokation TCG.
::'''Fukumoto:''' I could hardly understand anything that they were talking about, so I left saying I needed some inspiration.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Could you model for me again, Traveler?
::'''Fukumoto:''' I'm not asking for anything special this time. Just a quick showcase of your battle skills will do.
::{{DIcon}} I thought you were writing a card game novel?
::{{DIcon}} What does card game have to do with battle skills?
::'''Fukumoto:''' Well, just so you know, there's not much of a market for plain card games now.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Honestly, I think fighting in a card game is getting a bit tacky. I'm now devising a plot where my characters play cards while racing on horses.
::'''Fukumoto:''' But I haven't decided on the reason they do that... So I guess I'll start with the scene where they turn a card game into a fight.
;(If Genius Invokation TCG is unlocked){{verify}}
::{{DIcon}} Glad I could help.
::{{DIcon}} Are you here to look for inspiration today as well?
::'''Fukumoto:''' That's right. To novelists like me, more material could never hurt!
::'''Fukumoto:''' Sumeru is such an interesting place as well &mdash; I can't say I lack for new things to see, even now.
::'''Fukumoto:''' If it wasn't for Asagiri's fragile constitution, I would have asked her to come to Sumeru to gather inspiration as well.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Ahem. Anyway, let's talk business... Could you model for me again, Traveler?
::'''Fukumoto:''' I'm not asking for anything special this time. Just a quick showcase of your battle skills will do.
::{{DIcon}} Aren't you writing a card game novel?
::{{DIcon}} What do card games have to do with battle skills?
::'''Fukumoto:''' Well, just so you know, there's not much of a market for plain card games now.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Honestly, even I think that fighting via card games is getting a bit tacky by this point. I'm now devising a plot where my characters play cards while racing on horses!
::'''Fukumoto:''' But I haven't decided on the reason why they might even do that in the first place... So I guess I'll just have to start with a scene where a card game turns into a battle.
:'''Fukumoto:''' I've found a nice spot for the setting. Let's get going then.
----
;(Go to the spot marked on the map)
:'''Fukumoto:''' This is the place! Look, there's a handful of Slimes over there.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Traveler, please beat them in the way you think is the most impressive!
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure it'll be applied in the card game novel?
:'''Fukumoto:''' Of course! It's true that playing cards can fix most of the problems in my novel.
:'''Fukumoto:''' But there will always be things that cannot be solved by playing cards, and the characters will need to rely on some "realistic" tactics.
:'''Fukumoto:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler. I'll be waiting here.

;(While attacking the slimes)
:'''Fukumoto:''' Nice shot! How impressive!
:'''Fukumoto:''' If the characters in the illustration could draw cards with an imposing air, it would be eye-catching indeed!

;(Talk to Fukumoto after defeating the slimes)
:'''Fukumoto:''' Excellent! This picture must be enough for Asagiri to draw a few more.
;(If Genius Invokation TCG is unlocked){{verify}}
::'''Fukumoto:''' Thank you, Traveler. Please, take these as your reward.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Once I finish my work... Well, perhaps we can have a little "duel" then!
;(If Genius Invokation TCG has not been unlocked yet){{verify}}
::{{DIcon}} I want to play Genius Invokation TCG.
::{{DIcon}} I'm excited about Genius Invokation TCG.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Hahaha... I'll convey this to the researchers.
::'''Fukumoto:''' But the researchers' work seems to be going so well that they can now make light of their discussions.
::'''Fukumoto:''' Unlike at the very beginning, well... when they argued for days on end...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = King of Invokations
|zhs     = 《召唤王》
|zhs_rm  = "Zhàohuàn Wáng"
|zht     = 《召喚王》
|zht_rm  = "Zhàohuàn Wáng"
|zh_tl   = "Summoner King"
|ja      = 『召喚王』
|ja_rm   = "Shoukan Ou"
|ja_tl   = "Summoner King"
|ko      = 《소환왕》
|ko_tl   = "Summon King"
|es      = «El rey invocador»
|es_tl   = "The Invokation King"
|fr      = Le roi des invocations
|fr_tl   = The King of Invocations
|ru      = Король заклинаний
|ru_tl   = King of Incantations
|th      = "ราชานักอัญเชิญ"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Vua Triệu Hồi"
|vi_tl   = "Summon King"
|de      = „Ass-Beschwörer“
|de_tl   = "Ace Summoner"
|id      = Sang Raja Invokation
|id_tl   = The King of Invokation
|pt      = Rei do Chamado Sagrado dos Sete
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çağrıların Kralı
|tr_tl   = King of Summons
|it      = Re delle Invokazioni
|it_tl   = King of Invokations
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
== Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru|In Series}}

[[es:«El rey invocador»]]