{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Kinich's Deal
|id            = 15002
|image         = Story Quest Kinich's Deal.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = Yupanqui's Turnfire
|actNum        = III
|act           = Kinich's Deal
|character     = Kinich
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kinich; Paimon; Traveler; Trinidad; Wayna
|startLocation = {{LL|"Scions of the Canopy"|,}} [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Coatepec Mountain
|subarea       = "Scions of the Canopy"
|prev          = A Hero's Rite
|next          = I, Flame Bearer
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Kinich's Deal''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Kinich's Deal}}.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by approaching [[Kinich]] in {{LL|"Scions of the Canopy"|.}}
# Go to Elder [[Trinidad]]'s home
# Meet with Kinich
# Take a walk with Kinich

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|An unexpected encounter finds you just as you are planning to go to Elder Trinidad's dwelling...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Kinich)
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kinich! Fancy meeting you here! We've actually been looking for you.
:{{DIcon}} Hey there. Nice to see you again.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'll get straight to the point. I hear you accepted a proposal from elder Trinidad?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! The, uh, [[Turnfire Night]], you mean? Uhh... You were still his first choice, it's just... Oh geez... It's not what it looks like, promise!
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Chill, it's cool. I only mention it because there's something you should know, and I suspect Elder Trinidad hasn't been completely forthcoming with you. His true intention is to resolve the [[Kongamato|Mountain King]] problem once and for all.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Once and for all? You mean, this'll be the last Turnfire Night ever?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That's right. He wants to use you to send the Mountain King to the [[Night Kingdom]].
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To the Night Kingdom? You mean&mdash;
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' To his death.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, whoa! Are you serious right now? You shouldn't go around blurting out accusations like that, it can get you in trouble!
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Too blunt? Okay. I'll phrase it more gently...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' There is potentially a possibility that Elder Trinidad may be hoping that, during the course of the ceremony... you kill the Mountain King dead.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... That's ridiculous! He told us the Mountain King is a living symbol of your tribe's glory!
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' And that glory comes at a price.
:{{Color|menu|You remember the words Elder Trinidad spoke...}}
;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 trinidad 01.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' That's right. The Mountain King is a living symbol of our glory, but even this glory comes at a price.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 trinidad 02.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' *sigh*... Yes, and [[Nanna]] wasn't the first...
;(Flashback ends)
:{{DIcon}} Is it because of his companion, Nanna?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Mhm. She likely won't be the last to lose her life, either.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still... Is killing the Mountain King really the only way? It seems so extreme...
:{{DIcon}} How does he plan to kill him?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The Mountain King is a unique case when it comes to [[Abyss]]al contamination. It's eaten away at him for so long that it has consumed him entirely, and the damage is irreversible.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 11.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That evil power has both driven him insane and kept him alive over the centuries. So to look at it one way, once it's completely purged from his body, the Mountain King will finally be able to rest in peace.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 12.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' In past ceremonies, we've only purged around half of the Abyssal power. This was to strike a balance &mdash; to keep him alive, but also keep him asleep.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Trinidad didn't say anything about how much power he wanted us to purge... But he did say there were some more details to go over before the ceremony.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 13.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Then it sounds like you'll know for sure soon enough.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...If he really asks us to kill the Mountain King, what should we do?
:{{DIcon}} I think we're a little out of our depth here.
:{{DIcon}} Is it too late for us to back out?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 14.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I know this must come as quite a shock, so I suggest you act like you didn't hear anything for now. But would you have time to visit the chief after your meeting with Elder Trinidad?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 15.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'd like to make a deal with you.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of deal?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 16.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' One that comes at a very reasonable price. I'm sure you have plenty of other questions, but we can talk more later.
:{{DIcon}} Okay. We'll be there.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 1 kinich 17.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Good. See you soon.

;(Talk to Trinidad)
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 01.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' Ah, mighty outlanders, you have returned. Did you have a good rest?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was, uh... pretty good, yeah!
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 02.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' Glad to hear it. Things are progressing very smoothly on my end. Many of the elders have heard of your heroic deeds, including the chief. They all speak very favorably of you.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 03.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' There are still those who insist that the ceremony should be performed by the bearer of the {{Rubi|Malipo|Turnfire}} name, but they're just stuck in the past. We need to move with the times.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Plus, Kinich doesn't wanna do it anyway...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 04.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' Exactly. So now, it's time for us to discuss the finer details of the ceremony.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 05.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' We covered the fire-lighting part of the proceedings yesterday. The next part is the purification of the Mountain King.
:{{DIcon}} How does that work?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 06.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' It's quite simple &mdash; you just need to use the sacred flame. We've done it plenty of times before and it's always very routine. I'm sure you won't have any problems.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 07.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' One point I'd like to stress, though, is that you need to burn away as much of the Abyssal energy as you possibly can. The more we dispel, the longer the Mountain King will remain asleep.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Asleep," huh...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 08.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' Precisely. In previous years, the flame bearer has often been unable to dispel a sufficient amount of Abyssal energy. That's the only reason why we have to perform the ceremony on a regular basis.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 09.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' But I understand that you have a lot of experience fighting against the Abyss. And you seemed to wield the sacred flame quite effortlessly yesterday.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 10.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' With your help, I'm optimistic that this time we can dispel all the remaining Abyssal energy from the Mountain King's body, freeing us from this ever-looming threat for many years to come.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} Got it. Anything else we need to know?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 11.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' So this doesn't faze you at all, huh? You clearly have a lot of confidence in yourself, haha.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 12.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' That's all you really need to know. The ceremony is in three days. I'll come and fetch you when we're ready.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 13.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' In the meantime, feel free to take a look around our settlement. It would mean a lot to the elders if you got to know some of our people.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 14.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' And if you wouldn't mind helping them out with a few errands here and there, that would be even better.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So now we have extra errands to run? Maybe we should add a little extra to the price...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 15.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' Haha, just a humble suggestion, that's all. It will help you gain the respect of our people, and as a mighty hero, I truly believe that's what you deserve.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 2 trinidad 16.ogg}} '''Trinidad:''' I'll be sticking around over the next few days, so if you have any questions, you know where to find me.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like Kinich was right... We should go meet up with him right away.

;(Talk to Kinich or [[Wayna]])
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Ah, you're here.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kinich! Elder Trinidad said that&mdash;
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I can tell. It's written on your faces.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 01.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' Is that {{Traveler}} and Paimon? Forgive me for not being there to welcome you on your arrival. That should have been my duty as chief.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, Chief Wayna.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 02.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' I only heard the news from Trinidad yesterday, so I asked Kinich to invite you over for a quick chat.
:{{DIcon}} It's our pleasure.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 03.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' Hehe... I believe Kinich has already filled you in, so I'll get straight to the point. Firstly, I fully endorse your appointment as flame bearers for the upcoming Turnfire Night.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 04.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' However, I would like to request that you take steps to ensure the Mountain King's safety.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 05.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' Every child of our tribe grows up hearing the tales of our heroes, from [[Yupanqui]] the Fire-Bringer, to [[Burkina]] and the Mountain King who fought against the Abyss...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 06.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' This is our history and our heritage, the source of our pride and the center of our faith.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 07.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' To kill the Mountain King would be to destroy our spirit... I would never be able to face our ancestors in the Night Kingdom.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 08.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' Nanna's death was a great tragedy, and I do not blame Trinidad for the actions he has taken. Nevertheless, I cannot allow any harm to come to the Mountain King. The very roots of our identity are at stake.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 09.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' My honored guests, please give this matter your serious consideration.
:{{DIcon}} Is there no solution that would satisfy both sides?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 10.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' Perhaps there is. But despite all our attempts to contain the situation over the years, we have not found it. Right now, I should like to hear where you stand on this matter.
:{{DIcon}} I'm inclined to honor your request.
::{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 11a 1.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' Though I sense that your mind is not yet made up, I am still comforted by your words. There are three days left before the ceremony. I hope they will bring you clarity.
:{{DIcon}} I'm inclined to honor my agreement with Trinidad.
::{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 11b 1.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' I must say, I find this troubling, though I'm sure you need more time to consider it fully. No matter, there are still three days left before the ceremony. I hope they will bring you clarity.
:{{DIcon}} I need some time to mull this over.
::{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 11c 1.ogg}} '''Wayna:''' I understand. There are still three days left before the ceremony. I hope they will bring you clarity.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, let's sneak off to some other tribe tonight...
::{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 paimon 03d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Running away won't solve anything... You just need some time to think this through, that's all. Don't worry, we'll come up with something if we put our heads together!
::{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 wayna 11d 1.ogg}} '''Chief:''' Thank you both. There are still three days left before the ceremony. I hope they will bring you clarity.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Kinich, earlier, you were saying that&mdash;
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Let's walk and talk. I'll show you around the tribe.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That works too. Paimon needs to get some air after this...

;(Approach the marker)
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kinich, Paimon finally understands why you turned Trinidad down.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You knew what he was planning, didn't you? That's why you didn't wanna be the flame bearer this time, 'cause it's a double-edged sword. The whole [[Mora]] thing was just a sneaky excuse!
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Double-edged sword is right. But my response wasn't merely an excuse: To solve this exceptional problem, an exceptional price must be paid.
:{{DIcon}} Are you saying you have a plan?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'm working on it.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Well c'mon then, let's hear it!
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' In a moment. Didn't you have a question you were about to ask me?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah... What was it again? ...Oh! Right! We need to talk about [[Ajaw]], he's completely unhinged!
:{{DIcon}} That's a point... where is he today?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I agree that he has a problem. He needs disciplining, so I hired him a teacher.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You got him a teacher? Oh, Paimon would love to see him get scolded for bad behavior!
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, moving on &mdash; when we ran into Ajaw, he said you two were investigating some Abyss thing together... Is that related to the whole Mountain King situation?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Yes. That's the angle I've been working on.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'm a [[Saurian]] hunter, but I occasionally hunt the Abyss, too. One time, I was pursuing some [[Riftwolf|purple demonic dogs]] when I accidentally entered a hidden space.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I did some research after the fact. Apparently, they're known as "beastly rifts," and there are many of them of all different sizes. That's where those purple dogs were coming from.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So...?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' So, if we can locate one of these beastly rifts, clear the monsters out, and move the Mountain King inside... he'd be able to continue living, but without posing a threat to the tribe.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! That sounds kind of crazy... Would it really work?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' It's not without its risks, of course. There's a lot of unknowns in the equation. For instance, for all we know, a prolonged period inside the rift could make the Mountain King's condition worse.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Still, we desperately need something like this &mdash; even just as a temporary measure. You've seen the conflict the issue is causing in our tribe for yourselves, and believe me, it's been a long time coming.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 11.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The chief is adamant about keeping the Mountain King alive, whatever happens.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can understand... It's less about the Mountain King, and more about preserving your culture and heritage.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 12.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Yes, but on the flip side, you've got people like Elder Trinidad, who is more concerned about protecting the people he cares about, now and into the future.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 13.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' And he has every right to take that view. It's one thing to try and preserve the last remnants of a glorious past, but making your kin pay the price for it?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 14.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' No one can seriously tell them that's a fair trade.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right, there's no easy answers here... Let's leave that to one side for a moment and assume we go with your plan. How do you actually intend to find one of these beastly rifts?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cause at least in our experience, the dogs open the rifts when they wanna attack us, not the other way around.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 15.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I think I know a way.
:{{DIcon}} Are you really gonna do this?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 16.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' You have any better ideas?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not at the moment, but... It just feels like using the power of the Abyss for our own ends isn't gonna end well...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all, the Abyss is what turned the Mountain King into a monster in the first place. People are gonna think you've lost your marbles...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 17.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' If it doesn't end well, then that's the price we pay. Everything in the world comes at a price... Even when Yupanqui the Fire-Bringer stole the [[Turnfire]], it cost him dearly.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 18.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The Mountain King's erratic outbursts have brought tensions within the tribe to a boiling point. Unless this gets resolved quickly, everyone will be stuck in a stalemate.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright... So what's this "deal" you wanted to make with us? We're hardly experts on exploiting Abyssal power...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 19.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' All I need you to do is keep people away from me.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 20.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'm getting harassed on a daily basis by people trying to convince me to be the flame bearer. I can't afford to waste all my energy dealing with them.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 21.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' If you help me out, there'll be a gift for you in return.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, what kind of gift?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 22.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Something well worth your while, I'd say.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, but how do we keep people away?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 23.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Just keep doing what you've been doing &mdash; ingratiate yourself with the tribespeople, so everyone comes to terms with the fact that we have a new flame bearer.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 24.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That way, I won't have an endless stream of people coming to beg me to join the ceremony, and I can focus on finding a way to summon the beastly rift.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 25.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Then, when the day of the ceremony comes, we'll move the Mountain King into his new home.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still sounds pretty crazy... Even for a daredevil like you, that's dangerous...
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And even if it works &mdash; what if neither Chief Wayna nor Elder Trinidad are happy with it? Have you thought about what you'd do then?
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 26.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' At least the two of them would finally be on the same side of the issue, leaving only me on the opposing side.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 27.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The tribe needs leaders like them far more than a Saurian hunter for hire like me.
:{{DIcon}} Either way, sounds like there's no mora in this for you.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 28.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Hah. Can I take that to mean that we have a deal?
:{{DIcon}} We can give it a try.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For sure. And who knows, maybe we'll come up with an even better solution to all of this in the next couple of days.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 29.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Great. Well, for the next couple of days, please spend some time among the tribe and lend a hand wherever you can. I'm sure everyone will be swept off their feet when they meet our new flame bearer.
:{{A|vo jnqlq003 5 kinich 30.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Good luck to us both.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Kinich's Deal}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}