{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kinich
|id             = 368187
|image          = Kinich Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kinich''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The price...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} New commissions...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Push my limits...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Prey...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Prepare for action...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} You're here...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} If you need something, say so...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kinich mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' You're here. Need help with anything?
:{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Kinich! Show a little enthusiasm, would you? These are guests of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw! And it is your honor to be our servant!
:{{A|vo kinich mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Ignore him. Just tell me what you need.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Yes. It's a nice environment. Comfortable, too.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Really, Kinich? Man, you have low standards.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Don't get me wrong, it's quite impressive for a basic slum. But it's a far cry from the Nation of Flame when I was the ruler.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Back then, I had a grand castle at the highest point in the nation, with an endless stream of worshipers coming to pay tribute to the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' You could not fathom the gifts they would bring... Fine wine made from the freshest red fruits, opulent chests full of treasure... And that was the bare minimum!
::{{DIcon}} Very impressive.
::{{DIcon}} This must be quite the humble change of pace.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' You'd think that as an almighty dragonlord and supreme ruler, you'd know how to be a good guest as well as a good host.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Hmph...
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Thank you for inviting me here.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' When I camp outdoors, all I require is a bonfire or a cave to rest in. But this place provides both safety and comfort, which is hard come by elsewhere.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' How can I repay you?
::{{DIcon}} Ah, there's no need...
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'm serious. I don't intend to accept your kindness for free &mdash; I insist.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' So if there's anything you want from me at all, please be up front with me. I will consider how best to complete the task, and take it from there. Simple and straightforward.
::{{DIcon}} This is kinda sudden. I've got nothing in mind...
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Fair enough... Then let's just say, I owe you one for now.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Let me know once you've thought of something.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' And of course, in the unlikely event that the price isn't right, I'll tell you right away.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' What would you like to know?
::{{DIcon}} Depends... Do different topic come at different costs?
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Yes. The price of information is determined by many factors.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' But you don't look like you're in a bind or anything... Maybe just a regular chat, then?
::{{DIcon}} I'd like to hear about your Saurian hunts.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That won't exactly be a fun and light-hearted conversation.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship2 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship2 01b.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Aw, what's wrong, Kinich? Don't want your friend to know what a cruel hunter you really are? Scared the gory details will keep {{MC|m=him|f=her}} up at night?
::{{DIcon}} I'll be fine.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm... Mind if we skip the gruesome bits?
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Don't listen to Ajaw. It's nothing that terrifying.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Saurians are our companions. But if the Abyss corrupts them beyond redemption, or people lead them astray...
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Then someone has to step up, and end their lives before they do any more harm.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Any wild beast will fight savagely when it's backed into a corner, let alone a fierce Saurian.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' So, I usually start by using poison arrows to dull the target's senses, then lure it into a trap to immobilize it. Once it's incapacitated, I head in and finish the job.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like dangerous work...
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10a 1.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I won't deny that, but even "danger" can be tamed with enough experience and preparation.
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10a 2.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' If you're interested in Saurian-hunting, I'll let you know the next time I receive a suitable commission.
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10a 3.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' We can pick poisonous berries, set some traps together... And you'll get your share of the reward, too.
::{{DIcon}} So what was the toughest Saurian you ever had to deal with?
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10b 1.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Ajaw.
:::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Excuse me? How dare you mock me to my face! You big-mouthed bipedal bug!
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10b 2.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Greed and conceit are common vices of evil dragons. They're easy ones to exploit.
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10b 3.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' And the big, lumbering types have more strength than coordination. As long as you're agile enough, you just keep dodging their attacks until you find an opening.
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10b 4.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' But Ajaw's unique &mdash; not only evil and powerful, but clear-minded too. It's an extremely rare combination.
:::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Hah, so NOW you try and sing my praises? Well, if you're looking to curry favor, it won't work. The Almighty Dragonlord wasn't born yesterday!
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10b 5.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Scratch my last statement. If you really were clear-minded, you'd know none of that was meant as a compliment.
:::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Aw, don't be shy! How many times do I need to tell you? Bottom-feeders like you have a valuable role to play &mdash; you give the almighty dragonlord something to look down on from the top of the food chain! So please, fawn away!
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship2 10b 6.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' *sigh*... So yeah. You see what I have to deal with?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Up to you. I have no current jobs, so I'm down for whatever.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Would you like something to drink? Some Quenepa and Cacahuatl Juice, perhaps?
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship3 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship3 01b.ogg}}--> '''Ajaw:''' Whoa! Hey, me first! Gimme some of that! Gimme gimme gimme!
::{{DIcon}} And how much will this "cost" me?
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 03a.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Heh. This one's free.
::{{DIcon}} What's that?
:::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 03b.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' A phlogiston juice blend that I created myself.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' In Natlan, Cacahuatl is mainly used to make chocolate and a beverage called Xocoatl. The most valuable part of the plant is the fermented seeds.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' But everything has its use. The white fleshy part can be pressed to extract the juice, which makes a delicious drink when mixed with the right ingredients.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Are you done with the backstory? Gimme my juice, already! I can't wait any longer!
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' At first, I tried mixing it with Flamegranates, which are native to Huitztlan. The resulting drink was packed full of phlogiston, suitable for both humans and Saurians alike.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' But due to some difficulties getting hold of the ingredients, I eventually switched to Quenepa Berries instead, and tweaked the rest of the recipe accordingly.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Kinich! You're doing this on purpose, you never talk for this long! Especially not to explain yourself!
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' This isn't a history lesson, so cut the tangents already!
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'm just trying to help a good friend understand this drink better, so they can appreciate it more.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Not that you'd understand that, because you can't tell one cup of juice from another anyway. That's why I've never bothered to tell you before.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' You little...!
::{{DIcon}} Well... Your explanation's made me curious, that's for sure!
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' In that case, two cups of the juice, coming right up.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Kinich.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Good morning. Safe travels today.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Wait, wait, wait, wait. You disrespectful heathens! How dare you deprive the dragon supreme of a morning greeting? This is criminal conduct! Punishable by... Hey! Are you even listening!?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Kinich.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Alright. Forget your worries and sleep well. Good night.
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Haha, imagine needing nightly sleep and being scared of the dark! You poor, wretched mortals with your pathetic, frail bodies... We pity you.
::{{A|vo kinich mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' If you're above needing sleep, O supreme ruler, I guess you won't be needing any food either?
::{{A|vo ajaw mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' How dare you threaten me, servant! I will haunt your nightmares!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Scions of the Canopy's Duty===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kinich huitztlan 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Impressive observation skills. I can tell from the layout and the decor that you understand my tribe well... Take a look at these colored [[Flamegranate]] husks, for instance.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kinich huitztlan 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' They're hardy enough that the [[Scions of the Canopy]] often use them as containers for deliveries. And when necessary, they can also be used for self-defense. Here, I'll show you:
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt ajaw huitztlan 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' How dare you demonstrate that on your sovereign ruler! Do you have a death wish!?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Treading the Untrodden Path===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt ajaw adventureandfield 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Well, well, these trees and plants really look the part, don't they? For a moment there, I thought we were at Kinich's home.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt ajaw adventureandfield 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Feeling homesick? Moved to tears? Go ahead, let it out, you can ugly cry here! And hey, maybe if you ask your friends nicely, they'll make you a nice mountain to rest your little head so you can live here forever!
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt kinich adventureandfield 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That still leaves the problem of where to put you. And this place is far too pleasant for a [[Saurian]] who just earned himself another timeout.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Kinich/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Kinich/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:キィニチ/仲間]]
[[ru:Кинич/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Kinich/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Kinich/Bạn Đồng Hành]]