{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma
}}
{{Lang|'''Kinjirou'''|ja=金次郎|ja_rm=Kinjirou}} was a member of [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]]'s entourage in [[Tatarasuna]], [[Inazuma]] who lived around 500 years ago.

Following the incident that led to [[Katsuragi]] and [[Nozomu]]'s deaths, Kinjirou hid the [[Diagram: Katsuragikiri Nagamasa|diagram]] for [[Katsuragikiri Nagamasa]] in [[the Arsenal]]. He also wrote [[Rather Aged Notes#Rather Aged Notes #3|Rather Aged Notes #3]] and [[Rather Aged Notes#Rather Aged Notes #7|Rather Aged Notes #7]], which are part of a series of notes recounting the events that occurred at Tatarasuna.

==Story==
Sometime after the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago, Mikoshi Nagamasa joined the [[Shogunate]] to redeem the [[Mikoshi Clan]]'s reputation and became an Inspector at Tatarasuna.<ref name="Katsuragikiri">{{Ref/Weapon|Katsuragikiri Nagamasa}}</ref> Katsuragi, Kinjirou, Nozomu, and Armory Officer [[Miyazaki]] were members of his entourage during this time and noticed Nagamasa's interest in bladesmithing.<ref name="RAN">Interactable: [[Rather Aged Notes]]</ref>

While patrolling [[Nazuchi Beach]], Katsuragi encountered a [[Scaramouche|"wandering eccentric"]] (kabukimono)<ref group="Note">In the original Chinese text, the term localized as "wandering eccentric" is the same term as "kabukimono," which [[Wanderer]] mentions as one of his previous identities in the Version 3.3 trailer.</ref> &mdash; who, unbeknownst to them at the time, was [[Ei]]'s prototype puppet &mdash; and brought him back to Tatarasuna;<ref name="RAN" /> the wanderer came to view the group as his "family."<ref name="Gaze">{{Ref/Quest|The Gaze From a Certain God|note=The "Divine" Will animated cutscene}}</ref> Eventually, the group forged a single nagamaki which they dubbed the "Daitatara Nagamasa" (Great Tatara Nagamasa), much to their collective exhilaration. Kinjirou recounts how Nozomu made a painting of the blade, and how Katsuragi and the wandering eccentric performed a sword dance together.<ref name="RAN" />

What exactly happened afterwards is currently a mystery, but involved some sort of "misconduct" on Katsuragi's part.<ref name="Katsuragikiri" /><ref name="RAN" /> From the wanderer's memories, it was likely related to Katsuragi's and Nagamasa's discoveries of his true nature, which caused Nagamasa to do something to the wanderer.<ref name="Gaze" /><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Plume of Luxury}}</ref> As a result of the events that occurred, the wanderer disappeared and during the rest of the group's search for him, Katsuragi's "misconduct" became known. In a fit of rage, Nagamasa slashed Katsuragi with the Daitatara Nagamasa and threw the blade into the furnace to allow it to melt down.<ref name="RAN" />

Unwilling to abide by Nagamasa's order, Nozomu dove into the furnace and retrieved the melted remains of the blade, suffering severe burn wounds in the process. He died of his wounds that night, and Kinjirou decided to hide Nozomu's painting and the blade's remains inside the Arsenal. Miyazaki agreed with Kinjirou's plan and kept it a secret from Nagamasa.<ref name="RAN" /><noinclude>

Kinjirou's fate afterwards is unknown, but considering that he was presumably an ordinary human, he has likely died sometime within the past 500 years.</noinclude>

===Legacy===
The wanderer survived his encounter with Nagamasa and would go on to encounter a young boy who died of unknown reasons, presumably illness. He would consider these two events to be the second and third "betrayals" he experienced, which left him jaded with the world and led him to join the [[Fatui]].<ref name="Gaze" /> This wanderer eventually became the Sixth of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]], "Balladeer" Scaramouche.

During their recent takeover of the [[Mikage Furnace]], Fatui personnel uncovered the Rather Aged Notes left behind by Kinjirou and Miyazaki (and possibly Nozomu, though none of the notes can be attributed to Nozomu via process of elimination), which the [[Traveler]] can later plunder from them after gaining access to the Furnace.<ref name="RAN" /> During the events of ''[[Hues of the Violet Garden]]'', it is suggested that a Fatui member attempted to gather information about the [[Case of the Eccentric]], a later event in Inazuman history connected to Scaramouche.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Five Colors' True Form}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kinjirou
|zhs     = 金次郎
|zhs_rm  = Jīncìláng
|zht     = 金次郎
|zht_rm  = Jīncìláng
|ja      = 金次郎
|ja_rm   = Kinjirou
|ko      = 킨지로
|ko_rm   = Kinjirou
|es      = Kinjirou
|fr      = Kinjirou
|ru      = Киндзиро
|th      = Kinjirou
|vi      = Kinjirou
|de      = Kinjirou
|id      = Kinjirou
|pt      = Kinjirou
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Kinjiro]]