{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kirara
|id             = 368168
|image          = Character Kirara Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kirara''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A new order...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Where's my box...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Gotta file my claws...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Time to enjoy...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Express delivery...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} What amazing weather...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Meow...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kirara mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' {{Traveler}}! The weather's great today!
:{{A|vo kirara mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Hmm... although now I think about it... the weather here is the same every day.
:{{DIcon}} Do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Oh, is this like a user feedback form? Ahem, time to get serious then.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' First, five stars for the environment! The view here is beyond breathtaking, I'm talking a once-in-a-lifetime kind of experience, and on top of that, there is definitely some kind of youkai power here that I can't put my finger on just yet.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Second, five stars for comfort! I've been getting some great nights' sleep in my box.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' There's been no noise, no bright lights, no nothing! I couldn't have asked for anything more!
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' And finally... another five stars for service! There's really nothing for me to nitpick in this category.
::{{DIcon}} Such a high rating... Thank you.
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 06a 1.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' You deserve all the praise! I'm the one that should be thanking you.
:::{{DIcon}} Anything else you'd like to add?
::{{DIcon}} You answered everything so seriously...
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 06b 1.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' You've done so much work around here, it's the least I can do to tell you exactly how I feel.
:::{{DIcon}} Anything else you'd like to add?
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Huh? Did I miss one?&nbsp;...Oh wait, I get it &mdash; this is the open-ended question where I can mention anything that hasn't already been covered.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Alright, let me think...
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I've taken quite an interest in that huge Emerald Finch. She looks chubby and fluffy, and seems to be going through life without a care in the world...
::{{DIcon}} That's Tubby, a teapot spirit.
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 10a 1.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' A teapot spirit? You mean like a Tsukumogami? Are you saying her original form is an actual teapot?
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 10a 2.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Or are you saying this is in fact her original form, but she can turn into a human girl just like me?
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 10a 3.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Ahh! This is so exciting! You have to introduce me to her!
::{{DIcon}} You are NOT allowed to eat her.
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 10b 1.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Oh, of course not, I would never do that!
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 10b 2.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' A little curiosity never hurt anyone, right? I just want to know where she comes from, what she does or thinks about, who knows, we may just end up becoming friends!
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship1 10b 3.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' If you get a chance, please introduce me to her!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Sure! Is there anything you'd like to ask me?
::{{DIcon}} Can you tell me more about your job as a courier?
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' You couldn't have chosen a better topic!
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Delivering a high volume of packages isn't a problem for me, youkai's legs are naturally fast after all.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' But maintaining a good rating with clients isn't nearly as easy. Most people don't even bother to leave a review, good or bad... I guess it's human nature to avoid doing anything that isn't absolutely necessary?
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Yet, despite that... I've noticed that when I'm a cat, passers-by always stop and stare at me like they have nothing better to do, even if I'm just sunbathing. But as soon as I turn into a human being, suddenly no one has two minutes to spare to leave a good rating. Weird, isn't it?
::{{DIcon}} Do you ever get tired from working?
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 06a 1.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Hmm... depends. Sometimes, I guess &mdash; especially leading up to festivals, when the express packages start piling up like a bunch of Zaytun Peaches about to burst...
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 06a 2.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' If only my youkai powers were stronger... maybe then I'd be able to run even faster. Hehe, or maybe even split myself into a ton of different clones!
:::{{DIcon}} So one nekomata with two tails...
:::{{DIcon}} Would become three nekomata with six tails...
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 06a 3.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Argh, stop with the math! I'm gonna tie my tails in knots trying to keep up!
:::{{DIcon}} You sound really passionate about your work.
::{{DIcon}} How's the work going?
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 06b 1.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Hehe, you're looking at the only gold level courier of Komaniya Express!
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 06b 2.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' My boss even wanted to give me a special bonus! I told them though that I'd still prefer more paid-for international vacations, uh, I mean, opportunities to deliver international packages.
:::{{DIcon}} You sound really passionate about your work.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Why wouldn't I be? After all, this job has allowed me to visit and find my place in all kinds of human cities!
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' You could say that taking my job seriously is my way to show my gratitude!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Yes! There's something I've been meaning to ask you for a while.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 02b.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' {{MC|m=Do you know what styles human girls are into these days?|f=One girl to another... do you have any fashion tips you could share with me?}}
::{{DIcon}} Um...
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Too sudden? My bad, my bad! Alright then, allow me to explain the situation from the beginning.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' As you're already aware, even though I am a youkai, I've been looked after by my human Granny since a very early age.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' It goes without saying that I've heard way more stories about humans than I did about the youkai. I've always looked forward to joining the colorful and warm world that is human society!
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' But even after I managed to use my youkai powers to give myself a human form, I still didn't know how to fit in. It would be a bit awkward for me to still dress and act like a nekomata when I'd already changed my look...
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I began to observe human girls to see what they liked to wear. It seemed to me that everyone really liked bows and flowers...
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' And so, I added a ton on my own clothes!
::{{DIcon}} They look really cute on you!
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 09a.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' You really think so? Aw, thanks! *purr*
::{{DIcon}} You could add a few more accessories to match with your outfit.
:::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 09b.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Whoa! A fashion connoisseur? I knew I came to the right person!
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' So um... would you be willing to accompany me to go on a little shopping spree whenever you're free?
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I'd love to buy some cute accessories, and with an expert like you by my side, nothing can go wrong!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Kirara.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Morning, {{Traveler}}! How do I look? 'Cause I feel pretty good!
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Oh, but don't worry &mdash; just because I'm feeling perky doesn't mean I'm gonna hunt any of your finches! Promise!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Kirara.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Nighty night! There's just one last thing &mdash; and I'm not saying you will, but if you do end up hearing some crunching noises in your dreams... just know that it's perfectly normal.
::{{A|vo kirara mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Ugh, fine, I&mdash;I'll try my best not to eat anything in the middle of the night.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Sakura-Hued Street===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kirara courtyard 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I love these kinds of streets! They're always super lively and beautiful.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kirara courtyard 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I especially love climbing onto the roof and looking down at the crowd going about their day. It's incredibly fascinating to me!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kirara courtyard 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Actually, while you're here, why don't you also give it a try?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Amidst Scents and Serenity===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kirara garden 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' These two trees look insanely sturdy! The foliage is also surprisingly dense.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kirara garden 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Just imagine... how cozy would it be if we could climb up there and take a nap?
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm kirara garden 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' The subtle breeze blowing on the leaves, coupled with the sound of water coming from the fountain... Ah&mdash; I swear, I'm feeling sleepy already...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Kirara/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Kirara/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:綺良々/仲間]]
[[ru:Кирара/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Kirara/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Kirara/Bạn Đồng Hành]]