{{Cleanup}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Kirya.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|region2          = Snezhnaya
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|title            = Perfumer
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Yelena
|siblingNote      = older sister
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Kirya''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Floral Debt, Blood Due}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Kirya, under the guise of Edgar, was a perfumer and flower expert.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Top Note: Floral Debt}}</ref> After moving to Sumeru, he chose not to continue his work, opting instead to instruct others. His most notable student is [[Emilie]], a renowned Fontainian perfumer.

==Story==
Kirya is the younger brother of the [[Fatuus]] [[Yelena]]. When he was still young, Yelena defected from the Fatui and went into hiding with him. Yelena and Kirya later joined the Fontainian perfumer [[Edgar]] and the merchant brothers [[Sylvain]] and [[Lucien]] in order to create the perfume "Auguste". Under the identity of the [[Sumeru Akademiya]] researcher "Vijava", Yelena contributed by cultivating a [[Auguste|new flower]] species to be used in "Auguste" utilizing the power of her [[Delusion]]. This causing her to age and lose strength. Yelena kept Kirya such a secret that none outside of the group knew of his existence. Not wanting Kirya to see the state she was in, she preoccupied herself with work and always wore heavy makeup in front of him. The [[Maison Gardiennage]]'s investigation into the group's activities caused her to fear a potential backlash from both Fontainian authorities and the Fatui against her and Kirya, and to protect Kirya, she chose to destroy all evidence of her activities by burning the Auguste flowers and throwing herself into the fire, dying in the process. 

Yelena left all of the group's profits to Kirya in hopes that he would run with the money and establish a better life for himself. However, enraged and in despair at his sister's death, Kirya directed his ire towards the group his sister had worked with and plotted revenge against them, blaming them for pushing Yelena too far and compromising her health and safety. Kirya's first target was Edgar, who was deemed as an accomplice and served a shorter sentence at the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. It is theorized by Emilie that Kirya started making preparations to kill and replace Edgar years before his sentence was over.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Base Note: Auguste}}</ref>

Kirya's revenge entailed the recreation of both the Auguste flower and perfume. To accomplish this, he spent years honing his skills as a perfumer and utilized his sister's Delusion to recreate the species. The physical toll on his body brought on by the Delusion advanced his age so that he looked closer to the age Edgar was supposed to be, despite Kirya himself still being a young man. After Edgar's sentence was over, Kirya tracked him down and killed him. He would then move to [[Sumeru]] under Edgar's identity, where he would plot his revenge against Sylvain and Lucien.

To hide his lack of skill, Kirya did not work as a perfumer while in Sumeru and instead instructed others in perfumery, honing his own skills as he taught. One such student was Emilie, who apprenticed under him while her parents were relocated to Sumeru for work.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Top Note: Floral Debt}}</ref>

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
When Kirya first arrived in [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]], he disguised himself as Edgar, a [[Fontaine|Fontainian]] man. He was young, so to create the appearance of an elderly man, he excessively used his sister's Delusion, grew a beard, wore glasses, and donned traditional [[Sumeru/Culture#Men's_Clothing|Sumeru Clothing]], mainly consisting of a long dark green {{W|djellaba}} with a lighter long green jacket over it.

Before using the Delusion, Kirya did not have wrinkles, a beard, or glasses, but did have ash-colored hair like his sister [[Yelena]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|1_en     = Kirya
|1_zhs    = 基里亚
|1_zhs_rm = Jīlǐyà
|1_zht    = 基里亞
|1_zht_rm = Jīlǐyà
|1_ja     = キリヤ
|1_ja_rm  = Kiriya
|1_ko     = 키리야
|1_es     = Kirya
|1_fr     = Kirya
|1_ru     = Кирий
|1_th     = Kirya
|1_vi     = Kirya
|1_de     = Kirya
|1_id     = Kirya
|1_pt     = Kirya
|1_tr     = Kirya
|1_it     = Kirya

|2_en     = Edgar
|2_zhs    = 艾德加
|2_zhs_rm = Àidéjiā
|2_zht    = 艾德加
|2_zht_rm = Àidéjiā
|2_ja     = エドガー
|2_ja_rm  = Edogaa
|2_ko     = 애드가
|2_es     = Édgar
|2_fr     = Edgar
|2_ru     = Эдгар
|2_th     = Edgar
|2_vi     = Edgar
|2_de     = Edgar
|2_id     = Edgar
|2_pt     = Edgar
|2_tr     = Edgar
|2_it     = Edgar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}