{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Kitamura.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Inazuma Shogunate
|title            = Samurai
|voiceEN          = [https://www.eliastoufexis.com/ Elias Toufexis]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/EliasToufexis/status/1596005073292664833 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Kitamura'''|ja=北村|ja_rm=Kitamura}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] in {{Quest|Transient Dreams}}.

==Profile==
Kitamura was one of the soldiers of the [[Inazuma Shogunate]] who perished during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago.

When the [[rifthounds]] began attacking the roots of the [[Sacred Sakura]], Kitamura's memories manifested in front of the [[Traveler]] and [[Ei]] when they arrived at Araumi. Noticing the Traveler, he warned them to leave for their own safety due to the monsters roaming Inazuma and killing all in their path. Ei then joined in on the conversation, surprising him. She explained to him that Inazuma had changed and was not what he had seen back then, upon which he realized that the Shogun had eventually returned and saved Inazuma, moving on peacefully.

===Appearance===
Kitamura wears a standard uniform modeled from the {{Lang|''ashigaru''|ja=足軽}} of feudal Japan. He wears a purple-gray ''shitagi'', gray ''kobakama'', white socks, and ''waraji'' sandals. His eggplant-colored armor with gray accents consists of ''dou'' (breastplate) with the [[Inazuma Shogunate]]'s crest, ''han-kote'' (half-armored sleeves), ''haidate'' (thigh guards), and ''sune-ate'' (greaves). He is also wearing a {{Lang|''jingasa''|ja=陣笠}} with the crest of the Inazuma Shogunate.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kitamura
|zhs     = 北村
|zhs_rm  = Běicūn
|zht     = 北村
|zht_rm  = Běicūn
|ja      = 北村
|ja_rm   = Kitamura
|ko      = //키타무라//
|es      = Kitamura
|fr      = Kitamura
|ru      = Китамура
|th      = Kitamura
|vi      = Kitamura
|de      = Kitamura
|id      = Kitamura
|pt      = Kitamura
|tr      = Kitamura
|it      = Kitamura
}}
<!-- Unhide if a Note is used on the page. (See Asase Hibiki's page for an example usage.)
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Kitamura]]