{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Kitain Clan
|affiliation2     = Yashiori Guardians
|title            = Kitain the Serpent
|title2           = Lord Kitain
}}
{{Lang|'''Kitain Bunsou'''|ja=喜多院文宗|ja_rm=Kitain Bunsou}}, also known as '''Kitain the Serpent''', was a historical figure in [[Inazuma]] best known as one of Inazuma's great martial artists. He was one of the [[Yashiori Island]] Guardians charged with subduing the [[Tatarigami]] that emerged after [[Orobashi]]'s death.<ref name="KCS">{{Ref/Weapon|Kitain Cross Spear}}</ref>

Kitain forged the [[Kitain Cross Spear]] to suit his unique spearmanship style. He is likely the creator of the Kitain School, a martial arts style that is still practiced in Inazuma to this day.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Nobumori}}</ref>

==Profile==
<!--detailed story/lore information goes here-->
Little is known about Kitain besides his accomplishments in hunting Tatarigami. He had a line of descendants, but the family died out for reasons unknown.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Orobashi's Legacy: Part V}}</ref>
<!--
==Story==
-->

==Trivia==
*He is most likely inspired by {{w|Hōzōin In'ei|Houzouin In'ei}} (1521–1607), a Japanese warrior monk who invented cross spears and founded the {{w|Hōzōin-ryū|Houzouin school}}, which specializes in the art of spearmanship.
*{{w|Kita-in|Kitain}} is the name of a Buddhist temple in Japan patronized by the shoguns of the Tokugawa Shogunate. It may be also an allusion to Houzouin, since both literally mean the abundance of blissfulness: {{Lang|"Temple Where There Are Many Joys ({{w|Mudita|Muditā}} in Sanskrit and Pali)"|ja=喜多院|ja_rm=Kitain}} and {{Lang|"Temple of Treasury ({{w|Tripiṭaka|Holy Scriptures}})"|ja=宝蔵院|ja_rm=Houzouin}}.
<!-- Unhide if a Note is used on the page. (See Kanade's page for an example usage.)
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Kitain Bunsou
|zhs      = 喜多院文宗
|zhs_rm   = Xǐduōyuàn Wénzōng
|zht      = 喜多院文宗
|zht_rm   = Xǐduōyuàn Wénzōng
|ja       = 喜多院文宗
|ja_rm    = Kitain Bunsou
|ko       = 키타인 쇼후미
|ko_rm    = Kita'in Syohumi
<!-- |ko_tl    = Kitain Shoufumi -->
|es       = Kitain Bunsou
|fr       = Kitain Bunsou
|ru       = Китаин Бунсо
|th       = Kitain Bunsou
|vi       = Kitain Bunsou
|de       = Kitain Bunsou
|id       = Kitain Bunsou
|pt       = Kitain Bunsou
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}