{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|region2          = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Kitain Clan
|affiliation2     = Yashiori Guardians
|title            = The Last Prefect of Yashiori
|title2           = Lord Kitain
|mother           = Unnamed shrine maiden
|relative         = Kitain Bunsou
|relativeNote     = ancestor
}}
{{Lang|'''Kitain Hideie'''|ja=喜多院秀家|ja_rm=Kitain Hideie}}, also known as '''the last Prefect of Yashiori''',<ref name="Story">{{Ref/Quest|Back to Normal: The Story Hidden in the Bottle}}</ref> was a historical figure in [[Inazuma]]. He was the last member of the [[Kitain Clan]], who was believed to have went missing or died during the expedition to fight in the [[cataclysm]].<ref name="Legacy">{{Ref/Quest|Orobashi's Legacy: Part V}}</ref> In truth, he abandoned his mission and became a wandering fugitive for several decades before ultimately embarking on a long journey to find the [[Veluriyam Mirage]], where he made a dying wish and entrusted the [[Shinrou Casket]] to [[Idyia]] in his last moments.<ref name="Testament">{{Ref/Item|Absolution-Seeker's Testament}}</ref><ref name="Curios">{{Ref/Quest|Returning Curios}}</ref>

==Profile==
Kitain Hideie was the last descendant of the Kitain Clan. His mother was once a shrine maiden in Inazuma, and she gave him the Shinrou Casket that she brought from [[Mouun Shrine]] when he was summoned far abroad as the Prefect of Yashiori, hoping that it might alleviate the pain he would suffer in battle. At the time, Hideie did not believe that he would need to use it.<ref name="Testament" />

During the cataclysm 500 years ago, Hideie accompanied the [[Electro Archon|Raiden Shogun]] to the northern desert of [[Sumeru]] &mdash; [[Khaenri'ah]] &mdash; on their journey to fight the disaster, carrying the Shinrou Casket with him. Hideie was traumatized by his time on that battlefield, especially after a friend sacrificed himself to save Hideie from [[Riftwolves]]. Hideie abandoned his men and the [[Kitain Cross Spear|cross-shaped spear]] of the Kitain Clan and fled the battlefield, becoming a wandering fugitive. Afterwards, Hideie felt guilty for having brought shame and tarnished the reputation of his ancestors. He felt that he could no longer return to [[Yashiori Island]] after his disgraceful act. He frequently had nightmares about the horrific battlefield and the tragic fate of his friend, and blamed himself for betraying the trust of the Shogun. The illusions conjured by the Casket were his only source of comfort.<ref name="Testament" />

In his old age, Hideie decided to seek absolution to end his guilt.<ref name="Testament" /> He learned about a Domain that could grant wishes, and became determined to return to the battlefield he had once abandoned, save his friend, and follow the Shogun to the very end. He traveled far through the desert and managed to enter the newly established Veluriyam Mirage. He begged Idyia to send him back to the past, not understanding that the Mirage could not actually do so. Idyia intended to explain this to him, but she noticed that the elderly Hideie was in severely poor health after his journey. As a result, she chose to use the Mirage to recreate the battlefield from Hideie's mind within the bottle, granting his final wish. Before Hideie passed away, he faced the battlefield with a smile on his face.<ref name="Story"/><ref name="Curios" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Kitain Hideie
|zhs     = 喜多院秀家
|zhs_rm  = Xǐduōyuàn Xiùjiā
|zht     = 喜多院秀家
|zht_rm  = Xǐduōyuàn Xiùjiā
|ja      = 喜多院秀家
|ja_rm   = Kitain Hideie
|ko      = 키타인 히데이에
|es      = Kitain Hideya
|fr      = Kitain Hideie
|ru      = Китайн Хидэйэ
|th      = Kitain Hideie
|vi      = Kitain Hideie
|de      = Kitain Hideie
|id      = Kitain Hideie
|pt      = Kitain Hideie
|tr      = Kitain Hideie
|it      = Kitain Hideie
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Kitain Hideie]]