{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Kitsune Saiguu.png
|realname         = <!-- she is only referred by titles and her real name remains unknown ("the" Kitsune Saiguu in her quests and "the" Hakushin Kitsune (JP: 白辰の狐 "the Fox of Hakushin") in Hakushin Ring -->
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Hakushin Clan
|affiliation2     = Grand Narukami Shrine
|affiliation3     = Ei
|ancestry         = [[Hakushin Clan]]
|title            = Lady Kitsune
}}
The {{Lang|'''Kitsune Saiguu'''|ja={{rubi|狐|きつね|斎|さい|宮|ぐう}}|ja_tl=Fox High Priestess}}, also known as '''Lady Saiguu''' and the '''Hakushin Kitsune''', was a prominent historical figure in [[Inazuma]] who was worshipped as a [[kitsune]] [[god]]dess. She was a descendant of the [[Hakushin Clan]], was a close ally of [[Ei]], alongside the [[oni]] [[Chiyo]],<ref name="Hakushin Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring}}</ref> and served a mentor-like role towards a shrine maiden named [[Asase Hibiki]].<ref name="Shimenawa">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}</ref>

During a "dark disaster," likely the [[cataclysm]] five hundred years ago,<ref name="500 years">Interactable, [[Pirate's Diary]]: [[Pirate's Diary#Pirate's Diary #4|Pirate's Diary #4]]<br />''We shall be like Domeki 500 years ago.''</ref><ref group="Note">Based on [[Hamayumi]]'s description, many years after Takamine's disappearance (around which time the Kitsune Saiguu also disappeared), Hibiki lent Domeki her assistance. Based on current knowledge, Hibiki lived a normal human lifespan; thus, Saiguu's disappearance occurred within that general time frame as well.</ref> the Kitsune Saiguu was among those who disappeared.<ref name="Shimenawa" /><ref group="Note">Regarding the "dark disaster" and the cataclysm: When Hibiki recounts [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]]'s and the Kitsune Saiguu's disappearances in [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence#Shaft of Remembrance|Shaft of Remembrance]]'s description, she also mentions "Nagamasa joined the Shogunate to clear the Mikoshi name."<br />Through the descriptions of [[Katsuragikiri Nagamasa]] and [[Mask of the Kijin]], it is evident that Nagamasa's adoptive mother was Chiyo, who was "swallowed whole by a beast of sin" when she "fought against the abyss." Though she broke free and slew the beast, she was "stained by a deep sin" and "steeped in darkness as far as the eye could see," causing her to turn on Ei. Similar wording is used in regards to [[Tartaglia/Lore#Character Story 4|Tartaglia]], who wound up in the Abyss and, "within that darkness," learned his fighting techniques and underwent a drastic personality change.<br />Given that Chiyo's corruption (and by extension Saiguu's disappearance) and Domeki's rebellion happened within Hibiki's lifetime, this puts both events within the realm of 500 years ago. According to [[Chunk of Aerosiderite]], a surge of "endless dark monsters with alien, dark blood" occurred during the fall of [[Khaenri'ah]]. In [[We Will Be Reunited]], Dainsleif explains that Khaenri'ah fell 500 years ago, making it extremely likely that the "dark disaster" is another term for the cataclysm.</ref> She was consumed by a "dark will," and both her body and memories were broken down and turned into filth.<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /><ref name="Yougou Cleansing">{{Ref/Quest|Yougou Cleansing}}</ref>

The [[Hakushin Ring]] [[catalyst]] is narrated from her perspective and its blueprint is rewarded after completing [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]], a series of [[World Quest]]s related to her.

==Profile==
The Kitsune Saiguu was one of [[Hakushin]]'s descendants and dwelt in the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]].<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /><ref name="Shimenawa" /> Like all kitsune, Saiguu had a longer lifespan than most humans, but it is unknown how long she lived before her death.

===Personality===
{{Quote
|Losing one's memory is no different from losing one's life. It is like death amidst darkness eternal.
|Kitsune Saiguu<ref name = "Shimenawa" />
}}
According to Hibiki, the Kitsune Saiguu had a sense of humor that was "out of line."<ref name="Shimenawa" /> She had a more solemn side, however, and was particularly concerned about memories. While attempting to comfort Hibiki about [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]], she says "the person you're missing will be lucky enough to become a part of your memories forever."<ref name="Shimenawa" />

===Appearance===
The Kitsune Saiguu had white hair and fur.<ref name="Shimenawa" /><ref name="Tanuki-Bayashi">{{Ref/Quest|Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest}}</ref> As shown in Raiden Shogun's character teaser, her wardrobe consists of the typical Miko priestess.

==Story==
Little is currently known about the Kitsune Saiguu's early life. At some point, she won a race against the Chieftain of the Yougou Tengu. Saiguu believed the Tengu was going easy on her, however, to her slight ire. She also tricked the [[bake-danuki]] [[Ioroi]] into submitting to the [[Raiden Shogun]].<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /> She also secretly learned some of the bake-danuki's magic.<ref name="Tanuki-Bayashi" />

===500 Years Ago and Death===
{{Quote
|Do not be blinded. Do not waver. Keep walking the path that you believe in.|The Kitsune Saiguu to the Raiden Shogun, before their final parting<ref name = "Yougou Cleansing" />
}}
Around five hundred years ago,<ref name="500 years" /> the Kitsune Saiguu became familiar with a certain group of mortals. Included among them were a "shrine maiden" (Hibiki), an "easygoing young man" (possibly [[Kamuna Harunosuke]]),<ref group="Note">Ioroi's recollection of the onmyouji who sealed him gives the impression that the man had an easygoing personality; Hanachirusato later identifies him as Harunosuke. Hibiki reveals that sometime after Saiguu's disappearance and Ioroi's sealing, Harunosuke left Inazuma entirely.</ref> a "Kanjou" ([[Hiiragi Hiroshi]]), and a "clan who used ingenious techniques to make man-made meteors bloom in the skies" (the [[Naganohara Family]]).

A certain "dark disaster," likely the [[cataclysm]] befell the land. To protect Ioroi from it, the Kitsune Saiguu tricked him from staying involved by playing a game of hide-and-seek with him. Ei tasked Kitsune Saiguu with protecting Inazuma in her stead when she went to [[Khaenri'ah]], making it their final parting; both were aware that tragedy would ensue.

Later on, after her final parting with the Raiden Shogun, the Kitsune Saiguu disappeared into the "deep darkness," never to be seen again.<ref name="Shimenawa" /> In her dying moments, Kitsune Saiguu asked the "dark will" that gnawed at her to spare her memories.<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /> As her body and mind were consumed, her memories were powerful enough that some of it remained unsullied as it settled into the earth as filth, thus creating [[Hanachirusato]].<ref name="Yougou Cleansing" />

===Legacy===
Around the same time the Kitsune Saiguu disappeared and died, Takamine the Mistsplitter disappeared during a battle against the dark forces,<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref> while Chiyo was consumed by a "beast of sin" and was corrupted by it, drawing her blade against Ei only to be defeated and run away.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Mask of the Kijin}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|Narukami's Affection}}</ref> [[Iwakura Doukei|Mikoshi Doukei]], Chiyo's biological son, secluded himself in [[Konda Village]] out of shame over his mother's betrayal,<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Emblem of Severed Fate}}</ref> while her adoptive son [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]] joined the [[Shogunate]] to restore the [[Mikoshi Clan]]'s honor instead.<ref name="Shimenawa" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Katsuragikiri Nagamasa}}</ref>

In the wake of their absences, the Mt. Yougou group went their separate ways. The Great Tengu went on a self-imposed exile over her failure to protect the Kitsune Saiguu, leaving [[Teruyo]] behind.<ref name="Shimenawa" /> Kamuna left for another country in the "fury of his mourning<ref name="Shimenawa" />". The [[Earth Kitsune]] and the [[Sky Kitsune]] turned their forms to stone to await her return. Some of these statues, such as the lit [[Earth Kitsune Statue]]s, can be interacted with using the [[Memento Lens]]. Hibiki took over as leader of the Narukami Shrine, awaiting Takamine's return.

Hanachirusato, who formed from the remnants of the Kitsune Saiguu's memories within the filth that contaminated the land, manifested in order to continue performing the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual. Decades later, when Kamuna returned to Inazuma, she appeared before him and asked him to perform the ritual, initially causing him to mistake her for the real Kitsune Saiguu. Despite quickly realizing Hanachirusato's true nature, Kamuna performed the ritual, and spared her.<ref name="Ref/Quest|Sacrificial Offering">{{Ref/Quest|Sacrificial Offering}}</ref><ref group="Note">Harunosuke is highly likely the Mysterious Man seen in the memories revealed by the Memento Lens. The Kannagara bloodline utilized sacred words, and the Mysterious Man had to have been familiar with the Kitsune Saiguu to mistake Hanachirusato's presence as her return.</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
*The Saiguu was a big fan of fried tofu.
**This is most likely a reference to Inarizushi, a type of fried tofu that is said to be preferred by foxes.<ref>Wikipedia, {{w|Sushi#Inarizushi|Sushi § Inarizushi}}</ref>
**One of Saiguu's favourite quotes was "Bring forth the fried tofu!"<ref name="Sacrificial Offering"/>
*The kitsune mentioned in [[Retracing Bolide]]'s [[Retracing Bolide#Summer Night's Waterballoon|Summer Night's Waterballoon]] piece was the Kitsune Saiguu.<ref name="Hakushin Ring" />

===Etymology===
*{{Lang|''{{w|Saiō|Saiguu}}''|ja=斎宮|ja_tl=purification shrine}}, also read as ''saikuu'', ''itsuki-no-miya'', or ''imimiya'', refers to the High Priestess of the {{w|Ise Grand Shrine}}, the most sacred Shinto shrine in Japan.<ref name="kotobank">Kotobank: [https://kotobank.jp/word/%E6%96%8E%E5%AE%AE-67778 斎宮]</ref>
**Strictly speaking, ''saiguu'' originally refers to the residence of the high priestess, but it later became synonymous with the priestess herself.
**From the mythological era, ''saiguu'' had been chosen from unmarried imperial princesses. This tradition however ceased to exist in 1336 because of one of the most catastrophic civil wars of Japan (the {{w|Nanboku-chō period|Nanbokuchou War}}), which is coincidentally around 500 years before the fall of the last shogunate (which may have inspired the current upheavals of Inazuma).
*The Ise Grand Shrine enshrines the sun goddess {{w|Amaterasu}} (who is also the ruler of the pantheon and the ancestral goddess of the Imperial House) and the agriculture goddess {{w|Toyoukebime}}. The latter is often equated with another agriculture goddess Ukanomitama (better known as {{w|Inari Ōkami|Inari}}), whose divine messengers are {{Lang|foxes|ja=狐|ja_rm=kitsune}}.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kitsune Saiguu
|zhs     = 狐斋宫{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|zhs_rm  = Hú Zhāigōng
|zht     = 狐齋宮{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|zht_rm  = Hú Zhāigōng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = {{Rubi|狐|きつね|斎|さい|宮|ぐう}}
|ja_rm   = Kitsune Saiguu
|ja_tl   = Fox High Priestess
|ko      = {{tt|호재궁|狐齋宮}}
|ko_rm   = Ho Jaegung
|ko_tl   = Fox High Priestess
|es      = Sacerdotisa Kitsune
|es_tl   = Kitsune Priestess
|fr      = Kitsune Saiguu
|ru      = Кицунэ Сайгу
|th      = Kitsune Saiguu
|vi      = Ngài Kitsune
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kitsune Saiguu
|id      = Kitsune Saiguu
|pt      = Kitsune Saiguu
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Kitsune Saiguu]]
[[pt-br:Kitsune Saiguu]]
[[th:Kitsune Saiguu]]