{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Kitsune's Leisurely Stroll Around Hanamizaka
|image             = Kitsune's Leisurely Stroll Around Hanamizaka.jpg
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-02-11 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-02-15 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/3312002
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20220211bac/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Kuroda;Traveler;Tomoki;Yae Miko;Yukio
}}

'''Kitsune's Leisurely Stroll Around Hanamizaka''' is an  [[Event]] in [[Version 2.4]].

==Event Period==
February 11, 2022 – February 15, 2022 23:59 (UTC +8)

==Requirements==
[[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, Travelers will need to complete the designated event tasks as well as help Yae Miko collect information. Upon completion, you will receive in-game items as rewards.

==Event Details==
# During the event, Travelers will need to complete the designated event tasks as well as help Yae Miko collect information. Upon completion, you will receive in-game items as rewards.
# After one piece of information is collected, you can get an in-game item as a reward. A total of four pieces of information can be collected, to obtain four in-game items as rewards.

==In-Game Rewards==
Help Yae Miko collect information to obtain Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game rewards. During the event, you can get up to four in-game rewards.

;Purchase snack
{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
;Purchase Dango Milk
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
;View new works
{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment|1}}
;Stop walking
{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment|1}}<br>
==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 40
|Mora = 20,000
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 2
|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment = 2
|sort = Primogem,Mora,Mystic Enhancement Ore,Vajrada Amethyst Fragment}}

==Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your miHoYo Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The obtained information will be recorded in the notebook, which can be viewed repeatedly during the event.
# The in-game rewards obtained after collecting information will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kitsune's Leisurely Stroll Around Hanamizaka
|zhs     = 狐行花坂 漫步世间
|zhs_rm  = Húxíng Huābǎn<!--,--> Mànbù Shìjiān
|zht     = 狐行花坂 漫步世間
|zht_rm  = Húxíng Huābǎn<!--,--> Mànbù Shìjiān
|ja      = 花坂狐行 漫遊俗世
|ja_rm   = Kahan<!--Hanasaka??--> Kokou<!--???--><!--,--> Manyuu Zokuse
|ko      = 여우의 한가로운 하나미자카 {{tt|산책|散策}}
|ko_rm   = Yeou-ui Han'garoun Hanamijaka Sanchaek
|es      = El paseo de la Kitsune por Hanamizaka
|fr      = La promenade de la Kitsune dans Hanamizaka
|ru      = Прогулка кицунэ по Ханамидзаке
|th      = เส้นทางจิ้งจอกแห่ง Hanamizaka
|th_rm   = Senthang Chingchok Haeng Hanamizaka
|vi      = Hồ Ly Hanamizaka<!-- - --> Dạo Bước Thế Gian
|de      = Der gemütliche Spaziergang der Kitsune in Hanamizaka
|id      = Perjalanan Si Kitsune di Hanamizaka
|pt      = Passeio de Lazer da Kitsune em Hanamizaka
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[fr:La promenade de la Kitsune dans Hanamizaka]]
[[ja:花坂狐行 漫遊俗世]]
[[pt-br:Passeio de Lazer da Kitsune em Hanamizaka]]
[[ru:Прогулка кицунэ по Ханамидзаке]]
[[th:เส้นทางจิ้งจอกแห่ง Hanamizaka]]