{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Klee
|id             = 368117
|image          = Character Klee Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Klee''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Lalala...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} New bombs...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's go fishing...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Klee's super happy...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Dodoco...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Yay!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A huge adventure!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo klee mimitomo hello 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo hello 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh, it's {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight!
:{{A|vo klee mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I'm really happy to see you again!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's really fun here!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' The house is huge and there's a lot of room.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' There are lots of new things here. It'll take a loooong time to run from one end of the road to the other.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like you're having a fun time.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Klee:''' A really really fun time!
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 04a 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 04a 2b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' If {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight has time, Klee will play with you!
::{{DIcon}} You haven't been up to mischief, have you?
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Klee:''' No! Definitely not!
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 04b 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 04b 2b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Master Jean told Klee many times that Klee can't destroy {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight's house.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 04b 3.ogg}} '''Klee:''' So I didn't bring any of my treasures.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Catching lizards, chasing frogs, drawing, making crafts, hide-and-seek... There are so many fun things to do!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okay, I'll come! I like chatting.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ah, I can show you the latest cool thing I found.
::{{DIcon}} Another cool thing?
::{{DIcon}} What is it?
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Look at this! An awesome fishing net!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Lemme teach you! You spread the net into the lake like this... Wait for the right moment and...
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Woosh! You scoop it up.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' You have to make sure you're quietly hiding, then take them by surprise!
::{{DIcon}} That was pretty impressive.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 07a.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hehe, Klee told you all her secrets. Now you can be as amazing as Klee!
::{{DIcon}} Why aren't you bombing the fish?
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 07b 1a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 07b 1b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Cause this is {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight's house, so Klee should be careful not to blow stuff up...
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' This way is a bit more annoying than using bombs though.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Fish are slippery and flop around a lot, so they'll jump back into the water if you don't hold them tight.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But... it's also fun to play with fish like this!
::{{DIcon}} If you're with me, then don't worry, you can use your bombs.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 11a 1.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh! Really?
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 11a 2.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Then wait for me! I can make a lot of bombs really fast because I already prepared the materials!
::{{DIcon}} Let's have a fishing competition next time.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 11b 1.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okay!
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 11b 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 11b 2b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' If {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight loses, then you have to cook dinner for Klee!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hee hee, I'm super happy!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yes! There's something that Klee needs your help with, {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I wanna make a Jumpy Army!
::{{DIcon}} ...A Jumpy what?
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg}} '''Klee:''' A Jumpy Army! It's just... lots and lots and lots of Jumpy Dumpties.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 03a 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 03a 2b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight, pleeeeaaaase.
:::{{DIcon}} Alright then...
::{{DIcon}} Sure, I can help out.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 03b a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 03b b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yay, {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight is the best!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Then let's get started!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 05b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I'll be responsible for making Jumpy Dumpties, so {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight can give jobs to them.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' We need a shopkeeper, a chef, an artist, a circus performer...
::{{DIcon}} Those don't sound like army ranks...
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 07a.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's okay! They're here for Ludi Harpastum.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds a bit complicated.
:::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 07b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's fine. As long as everyone wears little accessories, you can tell what they're supposed to be!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 08b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' With the Jumpy Army, Klee can celebrate Ludi Harpastum with {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight every day!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Klee:''' A Ludi Harpastum with {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight will be the bestest Ludi Harpastum!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Klee.
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo morning 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo morning 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Morning, {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight!
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Are you going to take me on a huge adventure? I've been waiting and waiting.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Klee. '''
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I don't wanna go to sleep yet...
::{{A|vo klee mimitomo night 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee mimitomo night 02b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But... Klee promised she'd be good, so she will first say good night to {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Secret Research Lab===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md klee alchemy 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ooh, I know how to use this workshop!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md klee alchemy 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Some things look kinda different, but I'm sure I'll get the hang of it after a few tries!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md klee alchemy 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo mimitomo md klee alchemy 03b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hehe. Thank you, {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Of Hunting and Dancing===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md klee hillichurl 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' This place sure looks familiar. I might have blown up&mdash; Um, I mean, seen a house like this one before!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md klee hillichurl 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Anyway, this place is huuuuge! We're gonna have lots of fun, I know it!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md klee hillichurl 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo mimitomo md klee hillichurl 03b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight, you can play with me, too!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Klee/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Klee/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Klee/Compagnia]]
[[ja:クレー/仲間]]
[[ru:Кли/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Klee/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Klee/Bạn Đồng Hành]]