{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Enemy Abyss Herald Wicked Torrents.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = 
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Abyss Order
|affiliation2     = Order of Skeptics
|affiliationNote2 = formerly
|title            = "Forsaker of the True Way"
|title2           = Priest of the Dark Hollow
|ancestry         = Hadura
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Klingsor''' is a member of the [[Abyss Order]] and one of the main antagonists of the {{Quest|Khvarena of Good and Evil}}. Sometime before the series begins, he convinced [[Nasejuna]] that the [[Order of Skeptics]]' origin story was a lie, which led Nasejuna to collaborate with him in their attempt to seize the five [[Great Song of Khvarena|Great Songs of Khvarena]].

Several hundred years ago, Klingsor was a member of the Order of Skeptics himself. He became enthralled by the power of the [[Abyss]] and transformed into an Abyss Herald, but failed in his initial attempt to bring the power of the Abyss to [[Teyvat]] thanks to [[Zurvan]]'s efforts.

==Profile==
Klingsor was a member of the Order of Skeptics who descended from [[Hadura]], a [[Khaenri'ah]]n and a member of the [[Schwanenritter]]. Resentful of Khaenri'ahns' poor reputation following the cataclysm, he began harboring doubts about the Order of Skeptics' teachings, particularly in regards to their origins.<ref name="RoUA1">Interactables: [[Records of Unknown Attribution#Records of Unknown Attribution (I)|Records of Unknown Attribution (I)]]</ref>

He had an opportunity to investigate his doubts when a group of [[Sumeru Akademiya]] scholars came to research such ruins despite the Skeptics' attempts to dissuade them; the then-Vijnanapati ordered Klingsor to monitor them and prevent them from going too far in their research, only for Klingsor to find material which he believed confirmed his suspicions. Embracing the power of the Abyss, he became an Abyss Herald and turned his back on the Skeptics, endeavoring to bring "truth" to Teyvat.

===Appearance===
Klingsor once had the form of a human, but presently appears as an [[Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
===History===
Hundreds of years ago, Klingsor was a ranger in the Order of Skeptics. He was a descendant of Hadura, a member of the Schwanenritter during the [[cataclysm]],<ref>Interactable: [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)#Hadura's|Mysterious Chronicle (Hadura's)]]</ref> and appears to have held his Khaenri'ahn lineage in great esteem. Because Khaenri'ahns had a poor reputation due to their involvement in the cataclysm, even though some fought against the Abyss themselves, Klingsor came to suspect that the Order of Skeptics' founder Nagarjuna had hidden something.<ref name="RoUA1" />

When an investigation team from Sumeru Akademiya came to the Girdle of the Sands to investigate Khaenri'ahn ruins, the Vijnanapati at the time dispatched Klingsor to supervise them. While Klingsor originally stuck to his assigned duty, the scholars noticed his interest in the historical records and convinced him to relax his guard.<ref>Interactable: [[Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs#Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs (II)|Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs (II)]]</ref> At some point, Klingsor stumbled upon [[Rene's Investigation Notes]] and kept it.<ref name="RoUA1" /> As they made their way into the ruins, some team members heard a "kind of sound coming from under the ground" and wished to turn back, though the team leader chose to press on;<ref>Interactable: [[Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs#Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs (III)|Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs (III)]]</ref> meanwhile, Klingsor began hearing a "gospel" buzzing in his ears. He eventually came upon the power of the Abyss and was enthralled by it, after which he "embraced the defilement's blessings" and became an Abyss Herald.<ref>Interactables: [[Records of Unknown Attribution#Records of Unknown Attribution (II)|Records of Unknown Attribution (II)]]</ref> Meanwhile, the investigation team had lost many members to the defense mechanisms inside a previous set of ruins when they were set upon by Abyssal monsters, after which the remaining members "vanish[ed]" and were most likely killed. Klingsor disappeared when the monsters began appearing, causing the author of the [[Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs]] to suspect he may have betrayed them.<ref>Interactable: [[Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs#Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs (IV)|Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs (IV)]]</ref>

By the time Klingsor reappeared in the Girdle of the Sands, he had already become an Abyss Herald while the investigation team was "nowhere to be found." He led the Abyss Order and Abyssal monsters in attacking the [[Vourukasha Oasis]] to obtain the Great Songs of Khvarena,<ref name="Tir Yazad">{{Ref/Quest|The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)}}</ref> which they would use to reverse the Rite of Chinvat and break the seal over the Abyss at the [[Tunigi Hollow]].<ref name="Khvarena's Light">{{Ref/Quest|As the Khvarena's Light Shows}}</ref> However, the [[Pari]] and the Skeptics repelled them, and Zurvan sealed the Oasis and many ruins using the Great Songs. However, the Skeptics' archives were destroyed during the conflict, leading them to lose much knowledge of their history.<ref name="Tir Yazad" />

===Present===
Klingsor, who still sought to bring the power of the Abyss to Teyvat, kept his eyes on the Skeptics. He found an opportunity with the current Vijnanapati, Nasejuna, who harbored doubts regarding the Skeptics' origins, and showed Nasejuna the documents he had previously found; this proved enough to convince Nasejuna to side with the Abyss Order.<ref name="Khvarena's Light" /> To complete the task which Klingsor had failed to do hundreds of years ago, Klingsor and Nasejuna conspired to obtain the Great Songs by tricking the Pari [[Sorush]] into gathering them, convincing her that she needed to sacrifice herself to quell the Sign of Apaosha that had appeared over the [[Harvisptokhm]].

At the start of Khvarena of Good and Evil, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] accept a commission from the [[Adventurers' Guild]] regarding the Sign of Apaosha after discovering the Cryo [[Korybantes]] and end up becoming acquainted with Sorush. They obtain the Great Songs with Nasejuna's help, but harbor suspicions about his true intent. Their doubts prove to be right when Nasejuna attempts to seize the songs by force, calling upon Klingsor's aid. The Traveler defeats them, however, and Nasejuna makes a tactical retreat while Klingsor's fate is left unspecified.<ref name="Khvarena's Light"/>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Klingsor is a magician in the Middle High German epic poem {{w|Parzival}}.
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Klingsor
|zhs     = 克林索尔
|zhs_rm  = Kèlínsuǒ'ěr
|zht     = 克林索爾
|zht_rm  = Kèlínsuǒ'ěr
|ja      = クリングソル
|ja_rm   = Kuringusoru
|ko      = 클링조르
|es      = Klingsor
|fr      = Klingsor
|ru      = Клингзор
|th      = Klingsor
|vi      = Klingsor
|de      = Klingsor
|id      = Klingsor
|pt      = Klingsor
|tr      = Klingsor
|it      = Klingsor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Klingsor]]