{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70650
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|requirement   = Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]] and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 25
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|characters    = Hertha; Traveler
}}
'''''Knight of the Realm''''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Reputation]] menu.

It requires reaching [[Adventure Rank]] 25 and completing [[Archon Quests]] [[Prologue]], Act I: [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Hertha]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Knight of Favonius, [[Hertha]], seems to want a word with you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Hertha:''' Greetings, Honorary Knight.
:{{DIcon}} Need something from me?
:'''Hertha:''' I'm Hertha, Captain of the [[Knights of Favonius]]' 6th Company.
:'''Hertha:''' My apologies for not greeting you before, but things were a tad too hectic.
:'''Hertha:''' Nonetheless, I've heard of your deeds from the other knights.
:{{DIcon}} What are you in charge of?
:'''Hertha:''' Me? Well, my work mostly includes the charter and administration of our baggage train, resource management and record-keeping.
:'''Hertha:''' Simply put, I work in logistics.
:'''Hertha:''' Well, Mondstadt's present state is as you've no doubt seen.
:'''Hertha:''' With the Grand Master having brought much of our manpower with him, we have since been in a constant state of short-handedness.
:'''Hertha:''' At the same time, our inventory is running a surplus to match... So I'm more than willing to exchange some of it for a little hand here and there.
:'''Hertha:''' But things can get complicated here in the city, so we need experienced hands to make sure that things get done properly.
:'''Hertha:''' If you're willing and you've got the confidence, you're free to have a gander at it.
:'''Hertha:''' With any luck, we'll take some of the burden off our Acting Grand Master's shoulders...
:'''Hertha:''' I've already sorted the available tasks out for you. The details are right here.
:;(Opens the Reputation menu)
----
;(After closing the menu)
:'''Hertha:''' What do you think? If you think you can handle these tasks, feel free to give them a go.
:'''Hertha:''' If you're able to complete them successfully, the citizens will trust you more, and you'll be allowed to take on still more important work.
:'''Hertha:''' As the tasks you undertake grow in importance, so too will the amount the Knights will pay you as compensation.
:'''Hertha:''' After all, while you are an Honorary Knight, the citizens don't know you too well yet.
:'''Hertha:''' If you wish to earn their trust, you need to interact with them more.
:'''Hertha:''' Well, that's the long and short of it. I'll leave it to you to decide on the tasks you wish to take up.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Knight of the Realm
|zhs     = 蒙德城的骑士
|zhs_rm  = Méngdé-chéng de Qíshì
|zht     = 蒙德城的騎士
|zht_rm  = Méngdé-chéng de Qíshì
|zh_tl   = Mondstadt's Knight
|ja      = モンド城の騎士
|ja_rm   = Mondo-jou no Kishi
|ja_tl   = Knight of Mondstadt
|ko      = 몬드<->성<->의 기사
|ko_tl   = Knight of the Mondstadt
|es      = La caballera de Mondstadt
|es_tl   = The Knight of Mondstadt
|es_note = {{es|Caballera}} is a feminine term.
|fr      = Chevalier de Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = Knight of Mondstadt
|ru      = Мондштадтский рыцарь
|ru_tl   = Mondstadt's Knight
|th      = อัศวินแห่ง Mondstadt
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kỵ Sĩ Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ritter von Mondstadt
|de_tl   = Knight of Mondstadt
|id      = Knight Mondstadt
|id_tl   = Mondstadt's Knight
|pt      = Cavaleiro da Cidade de Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Krallık Şövalyesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cavaliere del popolo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:La caballera de Mondstadt]]
[[ja:モンド城の騎士]]