{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19005
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|description   = Repel the Treasure Hoarders and rescue the merchant being threatened by them.
|startLocation = [[Whispering Woods]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = The First Chilibrew Ingredient
|characters    = Caishan; Barbara; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Knight and Deaconess, Ready for Battle!''' is the second quest of the [[The First Chilibrew Ingredient]] branch of [[Barbara]]'s [[Hangout Events]] Act I: [[Wellspring of Healing]].

==Steps==
'''If you arrived at this quest from [[The First Chilibrew Ingredient]]:'''
# Defeat the Treasure Hoarders
# Talk to Caishan
#* If you pick Sweet Flowers
#*# Head to the garden near the Adventurers' Guild and wait for Barbara
#*# ''(Ending: The Taste of Hard Work)''
#* If you pick Liyue Chilibrew
#*# ''(Ending: A Fiery Flavor from Liyue)''
#* If you pick Mora...
#*# ''(Hangout event ended)''

'''If you arrived at this quest from [[Healing Is My Job]]:'''
# Head to the garden near the Adventurers' Guild and wait for Barbara
# ''(Ending: The Taste of Hard Work)''

==Dialogue==
===Knight and Deaconess, Ready for Battle!===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Defeat the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 thboss 01.ogg}} '''Treasure Hoarder Boss:''' Who dares enter our territory?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Release your hostage immediately!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 thboss 02.ogg}} '''Treasure Hoarder Boss:''' Hah, so you wanna play the hero.... Hoarders, seize the girl! Let's see if this idiot with her dares make a move.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! They're going after Barbara! We've gotta&mdash;
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Don't worry about me! I'm a Vision bearer, after all. I'll handle these guys, you go rescue the merchant.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 thsidekick 01.ogg}} '''Treasure Hoarder Sidekick:''' Sh&mdash;She's got a Vision! Boss, what should we do?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 thboss 03.ogg}} '''Treasure Hoarder Boss:''' What are you scared of? She's just a girl, so what if she's got a Vision? There are more of us &mdash; quit stalling and get her!

;(Talk to Caishan)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 01.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' Thank you, I can't express my gratitude...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 02.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' I'm a merchant from Liyue. I was on my way to Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 03.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' I had no idea there were Treasure Hoarders on the road. They seized me and brought me here...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 04.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' If it weren't for you, gods know what would have happened to me.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 05.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' Oh! Please allow me to repay your kindness. The Treasure Hoarders already made off with most of my things, but let me see here...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 06.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' So, there are still a few bottles of Chilibrew... a few Sweet Flowers, and... here's some Mora!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' No, no, no, we don't need a reward! Rescuing those in need is only natural...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Besides, I'm the Deaconess of the Church of Favonius, and this is the Knights of Favonius' Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' As a visitor from Liyue, we have a duty to guard your safety.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 07.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' I won't hear of it! You rescued me, it's only right that your kindness is repaid.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 08.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' I'm afraid I have nothing of great value to offer, but please choose what you'd like.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Umm, okay... I just don't know what to choose...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Liyue Chilibrew might be delicious, but with those Sweet Flowers, I'd have enough ingredients to make my own...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I know! You have way more adventuring experience than me, you'll be better at this...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' You choose! What do you think is the most fitting reward?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 09.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' Yes, adventurers are savvy when it comes to rewards... What'll it be? Liyue's famous Chilibrew, sweet Flowers, or Mora?
:{{DIcon}} Well, we were looking for Sweet Flowers...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 15.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' Really? Sweet Flowers in a Chilibrew...? I guess it's all Chilibrew at the end of the day, but the Mondstadt version sure sounds... interesting.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 16.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' Sweet Flowers it is, these are an excellent batch. Thanks again for your help, I better get moving.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' These Sweet Flowers look fantastic, and now we've finally got all the ingredients we need for the Chilibrew.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let's get back to Mondstadt. When we're inside the city, why don't you wait for me in the garden next to the Adventurers' Guild?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' When the Chilibrew is ready, I'll bring it straight over.
:;(Continue to [[#Home-Made Chilibrew|Home-Made Chilibrew]])
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to try that Liyue Chilibrew...
:;(Continue to [[#A Spicy Brew|A Spicy Brew]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's go with Mora.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 13.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' The sensible option, hahaha. A seasoned adventurer, I see.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 14.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' Here you go. Thanks again for your help, I better get moving.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Mora? That is sensible... But I guess that's to be expected from a seasoned adventurer.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' *sigh* It's getting late... and I doubt there's enough time to go looking for Sweet Flowers...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let's head back to Mondstadt, as for the Chilibrew... I'll have to make some for you next time.
:;(Hangout event ended)
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Spicy Brew===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While talking to Caishan)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 10.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' This? I mean, sure! I don't know if you'll enjoy it...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 11.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' There are two of you, so you'll be needing a couple of bottles.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900501 caishan 12.ogg}} '''Caishan:''' Here you go, pace yourselves! Thanks again for your help, I better get moving.
;(Caishan leaves)
;(Talk to Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Liyue Chilibrew... I've never tried it, I wonder what the flavor's like...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well, here goes nothing.
'''The Traveler and Barbara try the Liyue Chilibrew...'''
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' *coughing*
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Wh&mdash;Whoa... spicy... throat's on fire...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...This isn't like the Chilibrew I make at all...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...Wh&mdash;What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} It's... something new...
:{{DIcon}} *coughing*
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Whew... I guess we don't have to finish them. It's getting late, and I doubt there's enough time to go looking for Sweet Flowers...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' When we get time, I'll make some for you. My version's a little easier on the tongue. Less... stimulating.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let's head back to Mondstadt, my break's nearly over.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Thanks for your company today, Honorary Knight. Even though it was only half a day, I had a great time.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900502 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Next time, you can try my special Chilibrew.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: A Fiery Flavor From Liyue===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Fiery Flavor From Liyue
|character       = Barbara
|act             = 1
|description     = The taste of this Chilibrew is as unique as this particular journey.
}}

===Home-Made Chilibrew===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Head to the garden near the Adventurers' Guild and wait for Barbara)
;(Talk to Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Sorry for the delay, the Chilibrew's ready! Why don't we drink these here?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Here, this one is for you. Let me know what you think!
:{{DIcon}} This is... pretty good.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Really? Is the flavor okay for you?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I was worried you might not like it.
:{{DIcon}} So what got you into Chilibrew?
:{{DIcon}} You've got an... interesting taste in drinks...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Um... Now that you mention it, I guess I'm the only one in the whole of Mondstadt that likes Chilibrew.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well... I like Chilibrew because... actually, it's a little embarrassing...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' At first, I drank Chilibrew just to keep me awake...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' When I first began singing practice, I had to get up early every day.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' After practice, I would go work at the Church to take care of official matters.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But because I was getting up so early... my singing wasn't getting any better. Sometimes I'd be half asleep, singing the wrong lyrics, it was a disaster...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I went to people for advice on how to stay awake. They had all kinds of methods: running, chewing mint... one adventurer even told me they'd fight slimes to stave off sleep...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' None of these ideas worked for me, they were too time-consuming. By the time I started to feel awake, there was hardly any time left for practice.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hehe, that was until I started chewing Jueyun Chilis...
:{{DIcon}} And that didn't... affect your voice?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds bad for singing...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hehe, that's what Sara said... She told me not to chew them, but to use the Jueyun Chilis to make some kind of drink, something milder in flavor...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Using Sweet Flowers to temper the flavor was also her idea.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' That's when I started using this new and improved Chilibrew method. After a while... I actually started to enjoy the flavor.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Whenever I drank it, the spiciness would always push me to work harder...
:{{DIcon}} I guess that's what "hard work" tastes like...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like this bottle of Chilibrew is a reflection of your determination.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I don't know what to say...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' My determination is nothing compared to yours. I heard Amber say that you're traveling far and wide, looking for your sibling. Is that true?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, the things you've faced, and those yet to come... are more difficult than a few bad songs.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Even if I can't assist you in other ways, when it comes to healing, you can count on me. No matter the wound, I will help you recover.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 22.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Uh- have I said too much? Sorry, I'm not used to taking a break, I keep boring you to death...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 23.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's not often I get so much freedom. Let's just... take our time and drink our drinks.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 24.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Tomorrow, it's back to chasing our dreams with hard work.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900504 barbara 25.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I hope our dreams can come true, in the end.

===Ending: The Taste of Hard Work===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Taste of Hard Work
|character       = Barbara
|act             = 1
|description     = This drink has the taste of hard work in it.
}}
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Knight and Deaconess, Ready for Battle!
|zhs     = 骑士与牧师，战斗表示！
|zhs_rm  = Qíshì yǔ Mùshī, Zhàndòu Biǎoshì!
|zht     = 騎士與牧師，戰鬥表示！
|zht_rm  = Qíshì yǔ Mùshī, Zhàndòu Biǎoshì!
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 騎士と牧師、戦闘開始！
|ja_rm   = Kishi to Bokushi, Sentou Kaishi!
|ja_tl   = A Knight and a Pastor, Battle Start!
|ko      = 기사와 부제. 전투 준비!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡Caballer y Diaconisa a la carga!
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Chevalier, diaconesse, chargez !
|fr_tl   = Knight, Deaconess, Charge!
|ru      = Рыцарь и пастор к битве готовы!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = อัศวินกับผู้แสวงบุญ เตรียมเข้าสู่การต่อสู้!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Knight and Pilgrim, Preparing to Enter Battle!
|vi      = Kỵ sĩ và mục sư, biểu hiện cho chiến đấu!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ritterliche Bischöfin, bereit zum Kampf!
|de_tl   = Knightly Priestess, Ready for Battle!
|id      = Knight dan Suster, Siap Berperang!
|id_tl   = Knight and Sister, Ready for Battle!
|pt      = Cavaleir e Diaconisa, Pront Para a Batalha!
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}