{{About|the quest|for other uses|Knights of Favonius (Disambiguation)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00359
|title         = Knights of Favonius
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Knights of Favonius.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 8
|summary       = When the group visit the Knights of Favonius headquarters, Jean briefs them on the mission to cut off Stormterror's power at three of the Four Winds' Temples.
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = Dragon Storm
|next          = Winds of the Past
|next2         = Crash Course
|next3         = Sparks Amongst the Pages
|exp           = 225
|mora          = 1,950
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|1,025}}{{Card|Enhancement Ore|9}}
|characters    = Amber;Jean;Kaeya;Lisa;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=8|title=Knights of Favonius}}

==Steps==
#Enter the [[Knights of Favonius]] Headquarters
#Talk to [[Jean]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Gaining [[Adventure Rank]] 5 after completing this quest will unlock [[Wishes]] and the [[Shops#Special Shops|Shop]].
* The next three quests can be done in any order.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You repelled [[Stormterror]] with some difficulty. [[Kaeya]] of the Knights of Favonius witnessed the battle, and you were invited to make a trip to the Knights headquarters.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(A cinematic begins)
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 cs lisa 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Jean, what's the hurry? I thought we agreed to meet them here.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 cs qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' There have been sightings of Stormterror outside the city. Once we meet, we must...
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 cs lisa 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Relax. I'll lend a hand when the time comes.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 cs kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Jean, I've brought them.

;(After the cinematic)
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...And once it was over I brought them straight here.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Mondstadt welcomes you, windborne travelers.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I am Jean, Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius. This is [[Lisa]], our resident Librarian.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh! Are you sweeties here to help us out?
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You're both so adorable!
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Sadly, the timing is regrettable...
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Stormterror has caused quite a ruckus in the region since its recent resurgence.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Simply put, Mondstadt's elemental sphere and ley lines are now akin to a yarn ball in the paws of a kitten.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' For a mage, it couldn't get much worse. My skin is one elemental particle away from a full-blown breakout.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' If it weren't for this interference, the Knights of Favonius would have better ways to help you than just putting up missing person posters.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 04b.ogg}} '''Jean:''' We simply ask that you repose in Mondstadt while we help you seek out your {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}}.
:{{DIcon}} I really should help out as well.
::{{A|vo mdaq025 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon will help too!
:{{DIcon}} Guess we leave it up to you then. Where's the inn?
::{{A|vo mdaq025 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Don't be such a slug! We should be a part of this too!
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Good. In that case we need a plan.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' With Stormterror now directly attacking Mondstadt, we may have an opportunity to cut this problem off at the source.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Lisa has revealed the sources of Stormterror's power with her detection magic.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Is that so?
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' They're located in the abandoned {{Color|buzzword|Four Winds' Temples}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Stormterror's ability to whip up these kinds of storms can be attributed to it drawing power from the temples.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Our objective is to deal with {{Color|buzzword|three}} of the four temples.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I trust everyone understands why we are only dealing with three.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't.
:{{DIcon}} It must be a local thing...
:{{DIcon}} We'll ask later...
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Knights of Favonius, time is against us.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 10.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The storm is rampant. There is no point in maintaining a defensive position.
:{{A|vo mdaq025 2 qin 11.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Alright. We need to take initiative and act before the situation escalates.

;(Talk to Kaeya again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You're not bad with that wind glider. Your gliding style seems familiar...
:{{DIcon}} How'd you get your eye patch?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' My eye patch? Wanna hear my story, eh?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I didn't have time to introduce myself properly... Well, it wasn't on my mind to begin with.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02a 3.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ehe... My apologies. I'm Kaeya, Cavalry Captain for the Knights of Favonius.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02a 4.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' We can talk more after we get things sorted.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02a 5.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I know a great place more fit for a chat.
:{{DIcon}} Why is Jean the Acting Grand Master?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The Grand Master is currently off leading an expedition, so the Master, Jean, has stepped in to oversee the Knights while he's gone.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02b 2.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hence, you'll hear many refer to her as the Acting Grand Master.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02b 3.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' When the Grand Master left, he took the vast majority of our knights with him, leaving the Acting Grand Master with far more responsibility and stress.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02b 4.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Come to think of it, it must have been difficult for Jean.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 kaeya 02c.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' See you later then.

;(Talk to Lisa again)
:<!--Not voiced in English-->'''Lisa:''' I'm Lisa, the librarian. Do you need anything, cutie?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to know more about monsters.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The monsters out in the wild? We've got many resources here in the library.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02a 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Making good use of elemental advantages is the key to winning any battle.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02a 3.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' By the way, would you be interested in having a part-time job here?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02a 4.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' We need people to... need people for doing... We just need more people.
:{{DIcon}} How do we fight Stormterror?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' A way to fight against Stormterror...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02b 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I'm sorry, but there's no way to do it alone.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02b 3.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Judging by the level of its Anemo power, it's definitely not an ordinary creature.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02b 4.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I could teach you some elemental basics, so you'll have an idea of what I'm talking about.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 lisa 02c.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Heading out? See you in a bit.

;(Talk to Jean again)
:<!--Not voiced in English-->'''Jean:''' Thank you for accepting our invitation, traveler.
:{{DIcon}} How do we fight Stormterror?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02a 1.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Its change in size and power really is suspicious.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02a 2.ogg}} '''Jean:''' But for the Knights of Favonius, our priority is to deal with the aftermath of this attack.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02a 3.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The Grand Master entrusted the Knights of Favonius to me. I cannot let him or the people of Mondstadt down.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02a 4.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I must get to the bottom of this...
:{{DIcon}} Are all the knights as... "strict" as Amber?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02b 1.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I heard you and Outrider Amber had a misunderstanding.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02b 2.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Please forgive her. She was just doing her job.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02b 3.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Talk to Amber sometime. I'm sure you'll like how energetic she always is.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 qin 02c.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Thanks again for your help, (Traveler).

;(Talk to Amber again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wanna team up with me? Huh, I should warn you though, I don't slow down for anyone, greenhorn or otherwise.
:{{DIcon}} Jean seems to be pretty reliable.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 02a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' With Jean by our side, nothing can stand in our way! ...At least, that's what I wanna say...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 02a 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But I can't keep spouting that same old line.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 02a 3.ogg}} '''Amber:''' She always dashes headlong into the heat of the battle, and we want her to take better care of herself.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 02a 4.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I really hope that one day I can look Jean in the eye and tell her she doesn't need to worry anymore, because we have her back...
:{{DIcon}} You seem pretty good with a wind glider.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 02b 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' As a novice within the Knights of Favonius, your understanding of the wind is absolutely crucial.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 02b 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Leave the advanced wind glider training to me!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq025 ambor 02c.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Let's all do our best to defeat Stormterror!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Knights of Favonius|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Caballeros de Favonius (misión)]]
[[fr:Ordre de Favonius (Quête)]]
[[id:Knights of Favonius (Quest)]]
[[ja:西風騎士団 (任務)]]
[[pl:Rycerze Fawoniusza (zadanie)]]
[[pt-br:Cavaleiros de Favonius (Missão)]]
[[vi:Đội Kỵ Sĩ Tây Phong (Nhiệm Vụ)]]