{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12001
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Fabulae Textile Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Bookworm Swordsman
|character     = Xingqiu
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Justice, for Books' Sake
|next          = Calm Before the Storm (Story Quest)
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 19,800
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}{{Card|Letter|1}}
|characters    = Gentry Maocai;Javert;Paimon;Sturdy Wu;Traveler;Xingqiu
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Know Thyself, Know Thy Enemy''' is the second part of [[Xingqiu]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Fabulae Textile Chapter]]: Act I - [[Bookworm Swordsman]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Gentry Maocai]]'s residence and make inquiries.
# Talk to the guards and make inquiries.
# Go to [[Xinyue Kiosk]] and eavesdrop on Gentry Maocai.
# Inform [[Xingqiu]] of Gentry Maocai's plan.
#*You will receive [[Letter]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The store owner, [[Jifang]], informs you that her store no longer stocks the book you are looking for, advising you to try your luck at [[Chang the Ninth]]'s place in [[Qingce Village]] instead. Coincidentally, you come upon an attempt by [[Gentry Maocai]]'s underlings to coerce Chang the Ninth into selling his [[Cor Lapis]]. [[Xingqiu]] reckons the situation to be unjust and intends to investigate Gentry Maocai.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to the guards and make inquiries)
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 01.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' Who goes there?
:{{DIcon}} A Mondstadt merchant here for a meeting with Gentry Maocai.
::{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 02a.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' Really? He didn't mention anything about a meeting...
:{{DIcon}} I'm (Traveler), a VIP client of your boss'!
::{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 02b.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' How strange, you're not on the guestlist...
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 03.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' The Master is dealing with some urgent business today. All prior appointments have been canceled.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Urgent business? ...What is it?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 04.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' The Master has been working on a major business deal recently. He left early this morning to meet with a VIP client.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So where is he now?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 05.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' I'm sorry, the Master has stressed that we must not disclose the information to just anyone...
:{{DIcon}} "Just anyone"? Are you saying we are not his VIP clients?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 06.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' N&mdash;No! I mean yes, yes you are! Ah... I&mdash;I meant no offense, please believe me...
:{{DIcon}} Take me to Gentry Maocai or suffer the consequences!
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to explain these extra fees you are incurring to your boss, or shall I?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 07.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Master is currently in business negotiations at Xinyue Kiosk!
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 08.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' I beg for your mercy! Please, my master will show me no leniency if he finds out...
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, MY master has much more important things to do than talking to rude guards like you.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Luckily for you, your bad attitude will be the last thing on our minds when my master's busy negotiating a big business deal with your boss!
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 sturdywu 09.ogg}} '''Sturdy Wu:''' Th&mdash;Thank you, thank you! May your business forever be blessed by the Lord of Geo!

;(Leaving Gentry Maocai's estate, you discuss matters in a low voice...)
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice work, (Traveler)! Paimon never knew you were such a tough negotiator.
:{{DIcon}} I was just bluffing.
::{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 06a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that so? Well then. Now Paimon knows not to let your wily ways get the better of her in the future!
:{{DIcon}} You did great too.
::{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tee-hee! Paimon loves compliments and all... but treating Paimon to some tasty snacks would show that you really mean it!
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, seems like the VIP client in question must be one of the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} I think you're right.
:{{DIcon}} This could work in our favor.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, let's get ourselves over to the Xinyue Kiosk!

;(After earlier dialogue)
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems business is booming at the Xinyue Kiosk. No one should notice if we blend in there.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But either way, if we wanna know what kinda shady business they're up to, we better be careful!

;(Talk to Sturdy Wu)
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq002 sturdywu 01.ogg}} I&mdash;I'm sorry if my mistake earlier caused any offence.
----

;(Go to Xinyue Kiosk and eavesdrop on Gentry Maocai)
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 gentrymaocai 01.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' I understand. I do. Please do not worry, you have my word that the order will be completed as promised.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 agent 01.ogg}} '''Agent:''' Hmm... The subordinate I sent was not quite so optimistic in his appraisal. Is somebody being uncooperative?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 gentrymaocai 02.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' Ah... We just ran into a minor procurement problem is all. We haven't managed to purchase the Cor Lapis yet.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 gentrymaocai 03.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' But it's nothing for you to worry about. If Chang the Ninth won't sell, I can buy from someone else.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 agent 02.ogg}} '''Agent:''' That would be most ideal. I remind you again that the Fatui care only about the result.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 agent 03.ogg}} '''Agent:''' We are willing to lend a certain degree of support to this transaction. But if it is not completed in time...
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 agent 04.ogg}} '''Agent:''' You may suddenly find our good will comes at a price you cannot afford.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 gentrymaocai 04.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' I understand... I am indebted to you for your protection. You know I would not dream of disappointing you, don't you?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 agent 05.ogg}} '''Agent:''' We shall see when the time comes.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 gentrymaocai 05.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' *sigh* Darn that old man Chang!

;(You hear the voices of Gentry Maocai and the Agent through the divider screen, and you can't help but grow infuriated by what they are saying...)
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Mr. Gentry Maocai is colluding with the Fatui!
:{{A|vo xqlq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knows if Guhua Geek has made any progress. Should we go tell him?

----

;(Inform Xingqiu of Gentry Maocai's plan)
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! You said that you had other things to look into, as if you're some sort of man of mystery...
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When actually all you meant was you wanted somewhere new to park your backside while you read your book!
:{{DIcon}} We know what Gentry Maocai's up to now.

:'''''You and Paimon tell Xingqiu about Gentry Maocai's deal.'''''

;(You share with Xingqiu what you have learned about Gentry Maocai...)
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I see. I guessed as much.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you really guess, or are you just saying that to sound clever?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' The course of action we must take is now clear. To start with, please deliver this letter to the Feiyun Commerce Guild. They will know what to do.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' My liege, for reasons that I cannot explain, I will be unable to join you.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' There is no need for you to read the contents of the letter, when the time comes&mdash;
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, this writing is super hard to read! Paimon can't make heads or tails of it...
:{{DIcon}} It's in an ancient script, perhaps?
:{{DIcon}} A secret text that needs a cipher, perhaps?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Hence why I said there's no need for you to read it...
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' The Feiyun Commerce Guild will have someone who can understand it.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why do you wanna get them involved? They're one of the bigwig commerce guilds in Liyue &mdash; why would they wanna help us?
:{{DIcon}} What is the Feiyun Commerce Guild?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since we got to Liyue, Paimon keeps hearing people mention it. Seems they oversee a lot of business that goes on around here.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Having such big backing would be great and all... But are you sure they'd wanna help?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' No need to worry about that. From what I know, they share my sense of chivalry.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Once they have read the carefully reasoned and passionately argued case I put forth in this letter, they will certainly be moved to action.
:{{DIcon}} How can you be sure?
:{{DIcon}} Why get them involved anyway?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 10.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Gentry Maocai must be taught a lesson he will never forget. This is something we cannot do on our own.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 11.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Also, I do not wish for anyone else to know of my involvement in this.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why not? You're only doing this to try and help Chang the Ninth, right?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 12.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' "To silently disappear at the matter's conclusion, concealing one's name and contribution," this is the chivalrous thing to do. To savor the memory is ample reward.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 13.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Each droplet of kindness I receive I am duty-bound to repay with a welling spring of gratitude. I seek neither praise nor reward.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds very lovely. But be honest &mdash; you just want them to do it so you can carry on reading your book, don't you?
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 xingqiu 14.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Thank you in advance for delivering this letter to the Feiyun Commerce Guild. Someone from the guild should be able to receive you near the Liuli Pavilion.
:{{A|vo xqlq002 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Stop ignoring Paimon!

;(Talk to Xingqiu again)
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq002 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Apologies, my liege. I will be unable to join you.
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq002 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' So long as this letter makes it to the Feiyun Commerce Guild, they will be sure to take action.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Know Thyself, Know Thy Enemy
|zhs     = 知己知彼定良策
|zhs_rm  = Zhījǐzhībǐ Dìng Liángcè
|zht     = 知己知彼定良策
|zht_rm  = Zhījǐzhībǐ Dìng Liángcè
|zh_tl   = Know Oneself and One's Opponent to Formulate Good Strategies
|ja      = 敵を知り策を決める
|ja_rm   = Teki wo Shiri Saku wo Kimeru
|ja_tl   = Knowing Your Enemy, Deciding on a Plan
|ko      = 지피지기 백전불태
|ko_rm   = Jipijigi Baekjeonbultae
|ko_tl   = If You Know Your Enemy and Yourself, You Can Win Every Battle
|es      = Conoce a tu enemigo y te conocerás a ti mismo
|es_tl   = Know Your Enemy and You Will Know Yourself
|fr      = Connais tes ennemis
|fr_tl   = Know Your Enemies
|ru      = Знай врага своего
|ru_tl   = Know Your Enemy
|th      = กลยุทธ์ที่ดีคือการรู้เขารู้เรา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Biết Mình Biết Ta Định Kế Sách
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kenne dich selbst wie deinen Feind
|de_tl   = Know Yourself Like Your Enemy
|id      = Mengenal diri sendiri artinya mengenal musuh
|id_tl   = Knowing yourself means knowing your enemy
|pt      = Conhecer bem o inimigo para fazer uma estratégia perfeita.
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kendini Tanı, Düşmanını Tanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Conosci il tuo nemico come te stesso
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Conoce a tus enemigos y te conocerás a ti mismo]]