{{RegionTabs}}
==Version 2.0 Special Program==
'''[https://youtu.be/l8YXe7EkmoU Version 2.0 Special Program]'''

'''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' To introduce Inazuma, let's start with the scene of this tea room we are in now. There is a similar teahouse in Inazuma and its overall style is rather tranquil and quiet. We named it Komore Teahouse. "Komore" actually means light passing through the gaps between leaves, but what's different from the atmosphere we're is now is Komore Teahouse is a very hidden place; only special guests with reservations are allowed to enter. The owner of the teahouse is a Shiba Inu with a bandana around his forehead. He has a very cute name, "Taroumaru."

'''Dawei:''' Boss Shiba Inu? That's really interesting. The teahouse is owned by a dog instead of a person &mdash; the communication should be different, right? Then, as a customer, after the Traveler has had tea, they have to put the money inside a small box by themselves?

'''Aquaria, Combat Designer''' Yes, haha. And there are some special aspects of the teahouse: legend has it that all employees have signed some kind of unspeakable contract with Taroumaru and they must work there forever.

'''Dawei:''' Well that's not what I expected. It sounds like there's more than meets the eye to Boss Shiba Inu. After hearing this, I feel like these stories resemble urban legends. It feels like Inazuma is a remarkable place.

'''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' In terms of urban legends, Inazuma is indeed different from the first two regions that Travelers are familiar with. However, the Komore Teahouse is only one small place in Inazuma City. In addition to this, there are so many more magnificent and larger locations in Inazuma. Each area has its own unique design and layout. We hope that Travelers can continue to explore in-depth during their adventures to discover the various stories and details hidden within.