{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73658
|image         = Kourosh Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|characters    = Traveler; Kourosh
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Sumeru
}}
'''''Kourosh's Sumeru Roses''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Give ten [[Sumeru Rose]]s to Kourosh

==Gameplay Notes==
* This request is blocked by {{Quest|To the Wise}} until the player completes its second part, ''[[Show Canceled]]''.

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
The fresh flowers I've bought for use in performances have almost all wilted.<br>
Going onstage with withered flowers is just depressing. The more depressed I get, the poorer I perform, and the more the manager yells at me.<br>
<nowiki />*sigh* Well, guess I need some fresh Sumeru Roses urgently, then, or it'll be impossible for me to work.<br>
Could someone bring {{Color|buzzword|10 Sumeru Roses}} to the Grand Bazaar? If you don't mind, you can stay for my performance as well.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kourosh from Grand Bazaar needs ten Sumeru Roses.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Kourosh:''' *sob* The manager scolded me again today...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About the Sumeru Roses...
::'''Kourosh:''' Ah, are you here to deliver the Sumeru Roses? I need to see those gorgeous flowers for a change.
::'''Kourosh:''' So, do you have all ten Sumeru Roses? You can give them to me if you do.
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Here are the Sumeru Roses you wanted.
:::;(Give Sumeru Roses)
:::'''Kourosh:''' Thank you. They're perfect. It would be nice if my next performance could be as impeccable as they are.
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Kourosh:''' Argh, even roses have abandoned me. Life is harsh.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kourosh's Sumeru Roses
|zhs     = 库洛什的鲜花需求
|zhs_rm  = Kùluòshí de Xiānhuā Xūqiú
|zht     = 庫洛什的鮮花需求
|zht_rm  = Kùluòshí de Xiānhuā Xūqiú
|ja      = クーロシの花のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Kuuroshi no Hana no Rikuesuto
|ko      = 쿠로시의 꽃 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Kurosi-ui Kkot Uiroe
|es      = Flores para Kurosh
|fr      = Des roses sumériennes pour Kourosh
|ru      = Цветы для Куроша
|th      = การสรรหาดอกไม้สดของ Kourosh
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Hoa Tươi Của Kourosh
|de      = Kouroshs Bitte um Sumeru-Rosen
|id      = Permintaan Sumeru Rose dari Kourosh
|pt      = Flores para Kourosh
|tr      = Kourosh'un Sumeru Gülleri
|it      = Rose di Sumeru per Kourosh
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Flores para Kurosh]]
[[ja:クーロシの花のリクエスト]]
[[pt-br:Flores para Kourosh]]