{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Sumeru Akademiya Kshahrewar.png
|region       = Sumeru
|affiliation  = [[Sumeru Akademiya]]
}}
'''Kshahrewar''' is one of the [[Sumeru Akademiya#The Six Darshans|Six Darshans]], the six main schools of [[Sumeru Akademiya]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Muddy Bizarre Adventure (Part 2)}}</ref> Its specialty is technology, and they are primarily in charge of architecture and puzzle-solving.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Sitt}}</ref>

Its school color is white. The mascot on its symbol resembles a lion.

==Overview==
Many of the buildings and structures found in [[Sumeru City]] were created or improved upon by Kshahrewar scholars. In particular, their design for [[Building Block of the City of Wisdom|a simple single-story building]] has become somewhat of a template for many of the city's buildings, especially due to the low cost and adaptability. Though the effects of their technological advances are widespread and have led to more affordable products, most people are unable to appreciate or even notice the complex theory that goes into it.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Commerce of the City of Wisdom}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|The Twisting Mist}}</ref>

Kshahrewar researchers are also instrumental to Sumeru's textile industry, particularly due to their loom designs.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Woven Length}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Woven Depth}}</ref> Over the past one hundred years, they have worked towards making textile machines more productive, while still allowing the fabric to retain its beauty.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Musing Tawny Tapestry}}</ref>

[[Pir Kavikavus]] was one of the greatest scholars in Kshahrewar's history; however, an accident occurred while he investigated [[Devantaka Mountain]]'s [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)|Ruin Golem]] and his research was lost. Ever since then, the school has gone downhill. Likely due to the accident, Kshahrewar advocated for strict control of machines and technology.<ref name="Funding">{{Ref/BB|Akademiya Public Message Board|Funding for Kshahrewar}}</ref> There were no more major academic breakthroughs, and the school remains underfunded.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Vimana Agama: Jazari's Chapter}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Until Vana is Healed}}</ref> It is only kept afloat by long-term funding from [[Dori]],<ref name="Funding" /> and she works with several people from Kshahrewar, finding them more reasonable than others at the Akademiya.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Dori|About Dori: Kshahrewar}}</ref> In particular, Kaveh's creation of [[The Palace of Alcazarzaray]] was only possible through her Mora.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Dori|About Kaveh}}</ref>

==Members==
{{Specific Characters by Category List|Kshahrewar|2
<!-- add the below when the sage is revealed
|separate_character=someone
|separate_characters_description=[[someone]] is the Sage of Kshahrewar.
-->
|list_descriptor=who are part of Kshahrewar
}}

==Trivia==
* During ''[[A Muddy Bizarre Adventure]]'', Hosseini's remarks suggest that the Kshahrewar normally holds ownership of [[Pursina's Spike]]s.
* It is unclear whether [[Firnas]], whom Hosseini mentions in the same sentence where he mentions the Kshahrewar, is part of this school.

===Etymology===
* Like the other Six Darshans, the name "Kshahrewar" is derived from a {{w|Zoroastianism|Zoroastrian}} deity. {{w|Kshatra Vairya}} (''Šahrewar'' in Middle Persian) is the god of metals and minerals.
* Among the localizations of the Six Darshans, Kshahrewar's is unique:
** The Korean and Portuguese localizations used the definition of {{zh|{{wt|妙||Chinese}}}} as "mysterious" and translated the school's specialty along the line of "mysticism." It is also the only school in the Portuguese localization to have its specialty translated, instead of using the Zoroastrian-based name.
** The Spanish localization extrapolated from the definition of {{zh|妙}} as "clever, ingenious" and translated the school's name as the {{lang|School of Technology|es=Escuela de Tecnología}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kshahrewar
|zhs     = 妙论派 / 刹诃伐罗
|zhs_rm  = Miàolùn-pài / Chàhēfáluó
|zht     = 妙論派 / 剎訶伐羅
|zht_rm  = Miàolùn-pài / Chàhēfáluó
|zh_tl   = School of Curiosities
|ja      = 妙論派 / クシャレワー
|ja_rm   = Myouron-ha<ref>{{Ref/VO|Dori|ドリー自身について・妙論派|ja|ref=1}}</ref> / Kusharewaa
|ja_tl   = School of Great Theories
|ko      = 묘론파 / 크샤흐레와르
|ko_rm   = Myoronpa / Keusyaheurewareu
|ko_tl   = School of Perfect Theory / Kshahrewar
|es      = Escuela de Tecnología
|es_tl   = School of Technology
|fr      = Kshahrewar
|ru      = Кшахревар
|th      = Kshahrewar
|vi      = Kshahrewar
|de      = Kshahrewar
|id      = Kshahrewar
|pt      = Kshahrewar
|tr      = Kshahrewar
|it      = Kshahrewar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[fr:Kshahrewar]]
[[ja:妙論派]]
[[pl:Kshahrewar]]
[[tr:Kshahrewar]]
[[vi:Kshahrewar]]