{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kujou Sara
|id             = 368140
|image          = Character Kujou Sara Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}

'''Kujou Sara''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Awaiting orders...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Tenryou commission...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Bow exercises...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The bow...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My duty...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} We meet again...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Not bad...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We meet again, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Huh. This place seems in good order.

:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Though it is not as extensive as the Kujou Clan's estate, I find it comfortable enough.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So everything here was built according to your designs? I did not know you possessed such abilities.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If we ever need to expand the Kujou Clan residence, I'll be sure to find you.
::{{DIcon}} Uh, no need...
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' What's the matter? Are you unwilling to assist?
::{{DIcon}} I'm up to the challenge!
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I have not yet mentioned any specifics and you already agree so readily?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Heh, either way, I'm not here to twist your arm. You needn't worry.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' In fact, there is little that can be changed about the Kujou Clan residence. I mean, it would never become a place like this, at least.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I've never visited a place filled with such vitality and happiness...

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Seeing as I have nothing better to do, I'll comply.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I suppose I have grown accustomed to spending most of my time in solitude. I seldom have the opportunity to speak with others, so perhaps it'd be better for you to start and I answer.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Alright, ask away.
::{{DIcon}} This kinda feels like taking an exam, it's making me nervous.
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm?
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Interesting. Your expression reminds me of my subordinates when they are giving a report.
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But I should remind you that I've never viewed you as a subordinate.
::{{DIcon}} Don't you have anything you'd like to ask me?
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I do, but if I ask, then you must reply.
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If you fail to do so, then you will receive the due punishment. Have you made up your mind?
::{{DIcon}} Uh...
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' *sigh* It's difficult to converse with me, isn't it?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' To be honest, I've been studying methods of discourse lately in hopes of altering my stern appearance.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' However, there are many subtleties in communication, it is difficult to grasp in such a short time.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If mastering conversation is akin to the skill of archery, then I am confident I can improve with more practice.
::{{DIcon}} Yes, you will certainly get better with practice.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hm. Good.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' In that case, I select you as my training partner! You can come talk to me as often as you like. Is that alright?

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' For as long as I can remember, I've been accustomed to handling various matters myself...
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Though I once did have the thought of raising pets, due to various circumstances, I was never able to...
::{{DIcon}} What kind of pet are we talking about here?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Nothing in particular. I just thought it would be nice to have a companion.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The commission is a whirlwind of people and unexpected complications, so I often relish opportunities to get away for assignments in the field.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Whenever I think about it, I can only conclude that I have no time to care for a pet. Please, forget that I ever mentioned it.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But growing up without a companion is not a pleasant experience... Everyone is the same in this regard &mdash; pets, people, even tengu.
::{{DIcon}} You could have a pet. Why not just keep it here?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hah, I suppose you are right.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If I were to keep a pet here, I would certainly need to consult you first. What kind of pet do you think would be best?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I know! How about a Red Horned Lizard? It's a solitary creature and doesn't require much interaction.
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps a cat would be better...
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 10a.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' A cat? How could I tell whether it's in a good or bad mood?
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps a dog would be better...
:::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 10b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' A dog? You can determine their mood just by looking at their wagging tail, right?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I have no experience in this matter. I'm not entirely sure if I'm qualified to be a pet's "master."
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' However, because this is a matter between the two of us, you must also hold up your end of the bargain.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hm, to make things easier for you, I will take responsibility for the most difficult part... playing and interacting with it.
::{{DIcon}} So you mean that I'll have to take care of its...
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Exactly. You will be responsible for feeding and cleaning up after it. That's all.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, but first and foremost, we must come up with a memorable name for our pet.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' There is no rush, we can discuss it further when we have some ideas to share.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Sara!
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Morning, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I have already completed five sets of bow exercises. If you are up to it, I would not mind accompanying you for another five.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Sara.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Going to bed at this hour? Perhaps there is something on your mind?
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If so, there is no harm in telling me. If not, then all the better. There's no reason for you to worry needlessly.
::{{A|vo kujousara mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If there's nothing else, then... good night, {{Traveler}}.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Court of the Upright===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kujousara courtyard 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Impressive. This courtyard is every bit as striking as the headquarters of the [[Tenryou Commission]].
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kujousara courtyard 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Maintaining an orderly residence incentivizes us to adhere also to the rules that give order to our lives.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kujousara courtyard 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I must commend you for your insight in having discerned this principle.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Military Exercise Grounds===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kujousara trainingground 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' At first glance, this camp seems organized along arbitrary lines. But on closer inspection, the underlying principles become clear. I would even say they are rather inspiring.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kujousara trainingground 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Was this an accidental achievement on your part? Or have you studied the art of war in great depth?
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kujousara trainingground 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Either way, in accordance with established military convention, those who demonstrate outstanding capabilities ought to be rewarded.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Kujou Sara/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Kujou Sara/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Kujou Sara/Compagnia]]
[[ja:九条裟羅/仲間]]
[[ru:Сара/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Kujou Sara/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Kujou Sara/Bạn Đồng Hành]]