{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Kuki Shinobu
|id             = 368150
|image          = Character Kuki Shinobu Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Kuki Shinobu''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Certificate...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Commissions...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's read a book...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Solving problems...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The Arataki Gang...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Recently...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Rest day...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' What are you up to, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' For once, I have the day off. I'm gonna make the most of it.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's pretty nice. Thanks for the invite.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I just did a few laps of the place. The general layout's really quite interesting. Did you study landscape design?
::{{DIcon}} No, I just went with my gut.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 03a.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ah, so you're one of those naturally gifted types. A self-taught prodigy.
::{{DIcon}} I know a thing or two. You've studied it, too?
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 03b.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Actually, no, I haven't...
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' This has piqued my interest, though... I wonder if I should study for a qualification in landscape design?
::{{DIcon}} Why not? Go for it!
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Wow, I like the enthusiasm, haha. Thanks for the support.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I guess I'll give it a shot, then. But could you possibly let me borrow this site before the exam, for me to practice on?
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' In return, let's see... I'll cover all your roasted Lavender Melon costs leading up to the exam. What do you think?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to chat?
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Sure, I'm not exactly busy right now. If you've got any questions, ask away!
::{{DIcon}} What is it that you don't like about shrine maidens?
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I think you may have misunderstood me...
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I have nothing against any shrine maiden. It's not even that I detest the profession. Believe me, I know every job comes with its challenges...
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' The simple fact is that being a shrine maiden is just not for me. The reasons are complicated... let me think how to explain it...
::{{DIcon}} Is it to do with your family?
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05a 1.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm... You're gonna think this sounds childish, but yes, you're right. Sometimes, I just can't stand my family...
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05a 2.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I know they only wanted the best for me, but trying to achieve that by planning out every aspect of my life for me just made everything unbearable.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05a 3.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' They always treated me like I was a child, felt like they had to constantly nag me to make sure I didn't slip up. Every time I received a letter of complaint saying that I wasn't warm and friendly enough, they would be on my case about it for days.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05a 4.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I just don't like to smile, that's all. Doesn't mean I have any animosity towards anyone.
::{{DIcon}} Is it to do with you?
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05b 1.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yeah, I guess it must be.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05b 2.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Look, a lot of people just want a fortune slip hoping to get a bit of good luck, and they don't really care what's written on the slip.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05b 3.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But then there are those who, for all sorts of reasons, end up in dire straits and turn to prayer as their last resort...
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05b 4.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' They desperately want some divine power to make all of their problems go away.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 05b 5.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It doesn't sit right with me. I can't bring myself to say "things'll get better" to people like that. It's just a cop-out.
::{{DIcon}} That's understandable.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' In a nutshell, I prefer to work jobs where the metrics are clear and where I can see the actual results of my efforts.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Jobs like that come naturally to me, and they give me a chance to show my family that my choices aren't worse than theirs just because they're different.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But the most important thing is that I no longer have to force myself to do something I don't want to do. I can live a pretty free life.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Actually, there's something I'd like your help with, and it has to be you.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm working on a "Migrant Housing Scheme"...
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I know the different policies for migrant workers purchasing real estate in the different nations. But I don't know much about the local cultures...
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' What kind of things do people living in different areas need be aware of? What are the local gangs, who are the local powerplayers?
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You've been to a lot of places. Could you give me some pointers?
::{{DIcon}} Hold on, are we...
::{{DIcon}} Are you planning the Arataki Gang's escape?
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' What!? No! This has nothing to do with the Arataki Gang.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm just helping a client with their "Migration Prospectus," and I'm gonna take the opportunity to go traveling for a few days.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm working on something else for the other guys... the "Arataki Gang's Comprehensive Guide to Surviving and Thriving." It's progressing nicely...
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You know what those numbskulls are like. They aren't mean-spirited, but they do cause no end of trouble.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I can't be around them all the time. In the long term, something's gotta change.
::{{DIcon}} You're not going to leave the gang, are you?
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 11a 1.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Of course not, at least not for now. As the de-facto manager, I still can't say I've turned the gang into something I'm proud of, and I am not gonna quit halfway.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 11a 2.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Who knows what the future holds, though.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 11a 3.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If it really gets to the point where we end up parting ways, well, sometimes that's just how life goes...
::{{DIcon}} I'll support you whatever you do!
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 11b 1.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If you say so, I'll hold you to it. Oral agreements are just as binding as written agreements, you know.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 11b 2.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' So... if I do end up leaving the Arataki Gang and come looking to you for protection, you can't say no, okay? Uh... Tubby can be my witness.
:::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 11b 3.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hehe, but for better or worse, it's probably not gonna happen. I don't like to rely on anyone, it doesn't suit my personality.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Everyone who's trying to make their life work deserves to be happy, regardless of what direction they've chosen.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Same goes for the Arataki Gang and I as for you and me. No matter where the future takes us, whether we stay together or part ways, we'll always have each other's support, won't we?
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Shinobu!
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Morning, {{Traveler}}. Any plans for the day? Gimme a shout if you need any help.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' When you're a freelancer like me, you get to be pretty flexible with your schedule. I can always make time where necessary.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Shinobu.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Alright, {{Traveler}}, go get some rest.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I took an editing job recently, and I'm working on a manuscript right now. It's interesting, but it's gonna keep me busy for a while.
::{{A|vo shinobu mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Don't be like me. Having a consistent routine is vital, so go get to bed.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Sakura-Hued Street===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq shinobu courtyard 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I took a part-time job selling toys once. Barely managed to sell anything, and I got tons of complaints from the parents...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq shinobu courtyard 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Allegedly, my face mask and generally mean-looking demeanor was frightening the kids... It's funny, because I distinctly remember hearing the kids say how cool I looked as they walked by.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq shinobu courtyard 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Whatever. It's in the past now, anyway.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Scholarly Trove===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq shinobu fiesta 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Wow, there are more books here than I expected, and a wide range of genres, too...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq shinobu fiesta 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm? Wow, you even have reference books. Just from flipping through, they look pretty interesting...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq shinobu fiesta 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You know... I feel right at home here. Actually, I think I might settle in for the long haul, if it's alright with you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Kuki Shinobu/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Kuki Shinobu/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:久岐忍/仲間]]
[[ru:Синобу/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Kuki Shinobu/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Kuki Shinobu/Bạn Đồng Hành]]