{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Kun Jun.png
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Liyue
|affiliation      = Kun Family
|title2           = Azhdaha <small>(in [[No Mere Stone]])</small>
|voiceEN          = [https://adinrudd.com/ Adin Rudd]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/AdinRudd/status/1387466635439534084 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20210607195336/https://twitter.com/AdinRudd/status/1387466635439534084 Archived])</ref><br><!--
                 -->[https://www.mattgreenbaumvo.com/ Matthew Greenbaum] <small>(Possessed)</small><ref name="Matthew Greenbaum">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/MattSGreenbaum/status/1387468522536640515 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20220824034928/https://twitter.com/MattSGreenbaum/status/1387468522536640515 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/刘北辰 Liu Beichen ({{zh|刘北辰}})]<ref>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Ev411j7Jf Confirmed by VA Luyin] (~10:20)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Kōhei Kiyasu|Kiyasu Kouhei ({{ja|喜安 浩平}})}}<ref name="Azdaha JP">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1383040103031869441 JP VA Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20211123212321/https://twitter.com/genshin_7/status/1383040103031869441 Archived])</ref><ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/4AtYq6U3zHo Cast Interview of Kouhei Kiyasu]</ref>
|voiceKR          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Kun Jun'''|zh=昆钧|zh_rm=Kūn Jūn}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|No Mere Stone}}. In the Story Quest, he was hired by [[Uncle Dai]] for geological analysis.

Later in the Story Quest, it is revealed that Kun Jun was controlled by a remnant part of [[Azhdaha]]'s spirit, the one that represented benevolence and coexistence with humanity.

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
{{Quote
|If you are the memory of the earth... then I am the memory of coexistence... of coexistence with humanity.
|Kun Jun <small>(as Azhdaha)</small> to Jiu <small>(as Azhdaha)</small>
}}

Kun Jun comes from a [[Kun Family|family of famous artisans]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved}}</ref> While Azhdaha is in control of his body, Kun Jun possesses the ability to read the memories of ores, noting, however, that these memories erode over time and that certain stones retain clearer memories than others. Azhdaha in Kun Jun's body was driven to search for [[Dragonfall]], a rare elemental ore that was almost entirely mined out centuries ago.

When the Traveler and Zhongli reach the [[Dragon-Queller]] Tree, Kun Jun finally remembers that he is part of the spirit of Azhdaha temporarily possessing this human body. Kun Jun helps the Traveler and Zhongli defeat Jiu, the other part of Azhdaha in the domain [[Beneath the Dragon-Queller]].

Kun Jun describes himself and [[Jiu]] as akin to the "yin and yang" of Azhdaha's spirit. Moreover, Kun Jun recalls his eternal friendship with [[Morax]], how they worked together in the past, and tells Zhongli that he will always be Morax to him.

Before he leaves Kun Jun's body, Azhdaha predicts that the real Kun Jun will return to Liyue and surely become a famous craftsman in time, like his family before him.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|No Mere Stone}}</ref> The real Kun Jun is heavily implied to be the blacksmith whom [[Xiangling]] met while looking for something to give to [[Xinyan]] as a birthday gift. She describes him as someone who wore glasses and fell ill for a period of time, during which he felt disoriented and as though his body was not his own. After making a sudden recovery, he gained the uncanny ability to instinctively distinguish stones with ore inside from those which didn't. Xiangling used the jade he picked out to craft a pendant for Xinyan's instrument.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Blazin' Trails (Part 2)}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Kun Jun has glasses, dark hair, and a grey shirt.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* Kun Jun could be related to the legendary blacksmith [[Kunwu]], who forged weapons such as [[Dragon's Bane]], [[Lion's Roar]], and [[Solar Pearl]]. They are the only two characters so far with the surname {{Lang|Kun|zh=昆|zh_rm=Kūn}}.
* Kun Jun shares the same Chinese and Japanese voice actors as [[Azhdaha]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kun Jun
|zhs     = 昆钧
|zhs_rm  = Kūn Jūn
|zht     = 昆鈞
|zht_rm  = Kūn Jūn
|ja      = クンジュ
|ja_rm   = Kun Ju
|ko      = {{tt|곤< >균|昆鈞}}
|es      = Kun Jun
|fr      = Kun Jun
|ru      = Кунь Цзюнь
|th      = Kun Jun
|vi      = Kun Jun
|de      = Kun Jun
|id      = Kun Jun
|pt      = Kun Jun
|tr      = Kun Jun
|it      = Kun Jun
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Kun Jun]]
[[pt-br:Kun Jun]]