{{Location Infobox
|image        = Kunado's Locus.png
|type         = Subarea
|map          = Enkanomiya
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Enkanomiya
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>It is initially hidden from the map and can be unlocked and shown on the map by starting the [[Erebos' Secret]] questline.</p>}}

==Features==
===Quests===
* [[Erebos' Secret]]
** [[Kunado's Trial]]

===Enemies===
====Common Enemies====
*{{Enemy List|Geo Specter;Pyro Specter|x=0}}

==Lore==
Located in this subarea was one of the three towers that harmonized the three realms.

{{Transclude|Erebos' Secret|Lore}}

==Trivia==
* Kunado's Locus can be [[Gliding|glided]] to from the rocks above the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] at any time, even if [[Eboshi]] has not been talked to.
* Before talking to Eboshi for the first time and starting the World Quest [[The Three Great Martial Trials]], there is nothing in this area except for some floating textures, but arriving at this area shows this area's name and difficulty rating just like other areas.
* After talking to Eboshi for the first time and starting the World Quest The Three Great Martial Trials, Kunado's Locus is raised, and a [[Time Tunnel]] at [[The Emanant Skylight]] in [[The Serpent's Heart]] appears that teleports players to the [[Teleport Waypoint]] in Kunado's Locus.
* After Kunado's Locus is raised by Eboshi, players can land on this area after gliding from the rocks above the Dainichi Mikoshi. However, most of this area is surrounded by a barrier until the player has sufficiently progressed through [[Kunado's Trial]]. Aside from a few errant patches of cliff and land, the only place outside of the barrier is the area around the [[Teleport Waypoint]].
* The area can be glided to and landed upon with 240 Max [[Stamina]] with various combinations of Stamina restoration, decreases in gliding Stamina consumption, increases in gliding movement speed, and Talents that can be used in mid-air to gain distance or height.
* The Teleport Waypoint can be unlocked as soon as the area is raised by Eboshi, regardless of how the player reaches the area.

===Etymology===
*{{lang|''Kunado''|ja=岐}} is derived from {{lang|{{w|Kunado-no-Kami}}|ja=岐の神}}, a Japanese local god believed to protect against disasters and evil spirits. Some believe Kunado, Yachimatahiko, and Yachimatahime to be three gods of the {{w|Dōsojin}} (or ''Sae no kami''), Shinto kami who protect travelers.<ref>Google Books: [https://www.google.com/books/edition/Shinto_The_Ancient_Religion_of_Japan/DNPOCgAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&dq=Yachimatahiko-no-Kami&pg=PT137&printsec=frontcover Shinto, the Ancient Religion of Japan]</ref>
**The ''Kunado'' in Kunado-no-Kami's name is derived from {{lang|mini=1|ja=来な処|ja_rm=kunado|ja_tl=sacred place, place not to be entered|ja_lit=come-not-place}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kunado's Locus
|zhs     = 歧之地
|zhs_rm  = Qí zhī Dì
|zht     = 歧之地
|zht_rm  = Qí zhī Dì
|zh_tl   = Kunado's Land
|zh_note = {{lang|mini=1|zh=歧}} is an alternate form of {{lang|mini=1|zh=岐}}, which is used in the Japanese name.
|ja      = {{Rubi|岐|き}}の{{Rubi|地|ち}}
|ja_rm   = Ki no Chi<ref>[[Map]], Label: Kunado's Locus (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Kunado's Ground
|ja_note = While the official reading for {{Lang|mini=1|ja=岐}} is ''ki'', it likely still refers to Kunado-no-Kami. See [[#Etymology|above]] for details.
|ko      = 쿠나도의 땅
|ko_rm   = Kunado-ui Ttang
|ko_tl   = Land of Kunado
|es      = Emplazamiento de Kunado
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Locus de Kunado
|fr_tl   = Kunado's Locus
|ru      = Место Кунадо
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Kunado's Locus
|vi      = Khu Vực Kunado
|vi_tl   = Kunado Area
|de      = Kunados Locus
|id      = Kunado's Locus
|pt      = Local de Kunado
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[vi:Khu Vực Kunado]]
[[pt-br:Local de Kunado]]
[[es:Emplazamiento de Kunado]]