{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Kunak.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Scions of the Canopy
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Kunak''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
When the Abyss invaded Natlan, Kunak and several others were waiting for evacuation to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]], protected by [[Achiyaku]] and his warriors when they were attacked.

If the [[Traveler]] previously helped out the camp, Kunak will have remained when Achiyaku was having the group evacuated, only to be trapped when a second, more intense wave arrived. The Traveler manages to find Achiyaku fighting the monsters himself, as all of his warriors had died. They help him repel the attack, and as Achiyaku laments that he and the people he were guarding would fall, Kunak inspired by their sacrifice, volunteers to fight in their place. Achiyaku accepts their offer, and they slowly fight their way back to the stadium.

If the Traveler did not help out the camp, Achiyaku, alongside his men and the rest of the villagers, were killed by the monsters when the second attack came. Kunak, along with Libiac, were the only survivors and tried to escape, but were spotted and forced to hide. When the Traveler arrived, they discovered the two and learned what had happened, offering their hot air balloon. Before a decision could be made, [[Jember]] and a few warriors arrived, who evacuated the two to the stadium. Kunak expressed regret that he was not able to contribute for those who had sacrificed their lives for him, but he resolved to fight to the end just like they had.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Kunak
|zhs     = 库纳克
|zhs_rm  = Kùnàkè
|zht     = 庫納克
|zht_rm  = Kùnàkè
|ja      = クナック
|ja_rm   = Kunakku
|ko      = 쿠나크
|es      = Kunak
|fr      = Kunak
|ru      = Кунак
|th      = Kunak
|vi      = Kunak
|de      = Kunak
|id      = Kunak
|pt      = Kunak
|tr      = Kunak
|it      = Kunak
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[vi:Kunak]]