{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Kunado's Trial.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Enkanomiya
|chapter       = Erebos' Secret
|summary       = The Traveler completes the combat trial of valor proctored by [[Daimon]] in [[Kunado's Locus]].
|characters    = Daimon; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Enkanomiya]]
|prev          = The Three Great Martial Trials
|next          = The Three Great Martial Trials
}}
'''''Kunado's Trial''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Enkanomiya]]. It is part of the ''[[Erebos' Secret]]'' quest series.

==Steps==
# Go to [[The Emanant Skylight]]
# Investigate the water in the pool during [[Evernight]]
#* Step is completed upon reaching the [[Time Tunnel]], even if the player does not go through it
# Talk to the afterimage in front of the seal
# Release all the Flames of the High Gate (0/4)
## Switch back to Evernight if not already done so
## Enemies will appear after lighting the four torches
##* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*4}}
##* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hydro Abyss Mage;Cryo Abyss Mage;Electro Abyss Mage}}
##* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Primordial Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling;Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling}}
##* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents*1}}
## After defeating the enemies, climb each statue and interact with it to disperse the seal
# Talk to [[Daimon]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Unmatched Throughout Tokoyo]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Accepting the trial, you prepare to go to the Serpent's Heart to search for The Emanant Skylight}}
{{Dialogue start}}
<!-- cannot trigger
;(If the player reaches this location without using The Emanant Skylight)
:'''Daimon:''' I am Daimon of the Jibashiri. I know not how you entered this place, but please leave.
-->
;(Talk to Daimon<!-- at Kunado's Locus after reaching the Time Tunnel-->)
:'''Daimon:''' I am Daimon of the [[Jibashiri]]. Hero of Sangonomiya, I acknowledge that you are worthy to take on this challenge.
:'''Daimon:''' Valor is the power to defeat all your foes, regardless of the method used. Simply defeat all the opponents here and release the Flames of the High Gate, and you shall be allowed passage.
:'''Daimon:''' It should be said that all these foes are illusions, born from the Sunfire Phantasms and the great enemies you know of in your heart.
:'''Daimon:''' Even so, you will be vanquished if you are not careful.
:'''Daimon:''' I will await your completion of the challenge at the Tower of the Three Realms above.

;(Talk to Daimon after dispersing the flames)
:'''Daimon:''' Yes, yes! Scatter them all before you!
:'''Daimon:''' Such power can truly be considered "unmatched throughout Tokoyo"! I, Daimon of the Jibashiri, acknowledge your great valor.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/wMDOfxUYHb4
|caption1 = Kunado's Trial Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kunado's Trial
|zhs     = 歧之试炼
|zhs_rm  = Qí zhī Shìliàn
|zht     = 歧之試煉
|zht_rm  = Qí zhī Shìliàn
|zh_tl   = Trial of Kunado
|ja      = 岐の試練
|ja_rm   = Kunado no Shiren{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Kunado's Test
|ko      = 쿠나도의 시련
|ko_rm   = Kunado-ui Siryeon
|ko_tl   = Kunado's Trial
|es      = La prueba de Kunado
|es_tl   = Kunado's Trial
|fr      = L'épreuve de Kunado
|fr_tl   = Kunado's Trial
|ru      = Испытание Кунадо
|ru_tl   = Kunado's Trial
|th      = บททดสอบของ Kunado
|th_rm   = Bot Thot-sop khong Kunado
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thí Luyện Kunado
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kunados Prüfung
|de_tl   = Kunado's Trial
|id      = Tantangan Kunado
|id_tl   = Kunado's Challenge
|pt      = Julgamento de Kunado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kunado'nun İmtihanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La prova di Kunado
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[es:La prueba de Kunado]]