{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Kuntur.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Masters of the Night-Wind
|title            = Unloved of the Sun
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Ukuku
|mother           = Qoyllor
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Kuntur''' is a historical character in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
Kuntur was the son of Ukuku, a hunter, and Qoyllor, the daughter of the Sun who once lived on a star. After Qoyllor accidentally fell to the ground from her home and shattered her power into fragments, she met Ukuku, who offered to help her search for her power and send her home. But after years of fruitless searching, Qoyllor decides to fully settle into her new life and start a family with Ukuku. One day, Qoyllor learns from Ukuku that he had actually found some of her star's fragments during their search but hid them because he had developed feelings for her. Angered, Qoyllor asked her father to bring her back home regardless of any punishment she might receive for losing her power. Her father accepts her plea and punishes Ukuku by making it so that the Sun would never shine upon him.<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Tale of Qoyllor and Ukuku}}</ref>

Kuntur, who was still young at the time, was also affected by his father's curse. According to [[Ranjit]], he was called "Kuntur, Unloved of the Sun" and ostracized by his tribe, and [[Saurian]]s, who would not "buddy up" with him. Kuntur "proved that he was the equal of any valiant warrior in the tribe through hard work and grit", "earning the recognition of an Iktomisaurus comrade, but also becoming a hero to his tribe".<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Search Chronicle: For Childhood Dreams!}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* ''Kuntur'' in the {{w|Quechuan languages}} means "condor."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Kuntur
|zhs     = 昆图尔
|zhs_rm  = Kūntú'ěr
|zht     = 昆圖爾
|zht_rm  = Kūntú'ěr
|ja      = クントゥル
|ko      = 쿤투르
|es      = Kuntur
|fr      = Kuntur
|ru      = Кунтуре
|th      = Kuntur
|vi      = Kuntur
|de      = Kuntur
|id      = Kuntur
|pt      = Kuntur
|tr      = Kuntur
|it      = Kuntur
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[th:Kuntur]]
[[vi:Kuntur]]