{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 4
|region  = Liyue
|naming  = Weapon name in Chinese: {{zh|匣里__|rm=Xiá lǐ _ _|tl=____ in a box}}
|lore    = Forged by [[Kunwu]]
}}
The '''Kunwu Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]]. They were all crafted by the master bladesmith [[Kunwu]] himself.

This series does not have a shared ability bonus.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Kunwu Series}}

==Lore==
Rumored to be legendary weapons of Liyue, all of these have been made by master craftsman Kunwu.

Lion's Roar is an extremely sharp sword that Kunwu forged in a single day. However, when Kunwu's aged master saw the sword he was sad that such a violent blade exists. Kunwu then spent a year carving a sheath for the blade to try to suppress the aggressive nature of it. Unfortunately, over time the sheath was lost and the blade was all that survived.

Dragon's Bane was supposedly forged from a dragon, with the dragon's spine used for the haft and the dragon's claw used for the blade, making it indestructible and unsurpassably sharp. It used to have a dragon-shaped wooden sheath, but that has seemingly been lost. There was once a dragon slayer that fought the monstrosities of the ocean, but the dragon slayer eventually disappeared and the story became a legend.

The Solar Pearl is said to have been made by taking the light of the heavenly bodies and sealing it within a box placed in a dark chamber until the pearl absorbed the light of the sun and moon. However, whenever people asked the aged craftsman Kunwu what his secret was he merely said that he polished it really well. When asked in private, Kunwu's assistant said that when the polishing was completed the heavens shone down and a crimson moon filled the sky. But it is unclear whether he had divine assistance or if the heavens were responding to his ambition.

==Trivia==
* It is hard to place the series within the timeline, as currently the only time indicator is the Solar Pearl, that apparently was kept in a box for millennia, but it's unclear at this point if that's part of the legend or the actual history.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[ja:匣中シリーズ]]