{{For|the item|Kurious Kamera}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41401
|title         = Kurious Kamera
|type          = World
|event_name    = Five Flushes of Fortune
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = Perfect Shot
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4;Kurious Kamera*1
|otherRewards  = 
*Unlocks [[Five Flushes of Fortune]] Event
|characters    = Ji Tong; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''Kurious Kamera''''' is the Event Quest for [[Five Flushes of Fortune]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Ji Tong]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A certain special Kamera is currently causing Ji Tong some grief...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ji Tong:''' How very strange... What is the matter with this Kamera?
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong with your Kamera?
:'''Ji Tong:''' I think it's broken... Well, maybe not broken, but it's certainly not working like it's supposed to.
:'''Ji Tong:''' I ordered a batch from Fontaine a while back.
:'''Ji Tong:''' The person who sold it to me said that this particular kind of Kamera features the very latest technology from Fontaine.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Supposedly, it can print photos in a special hue and add in some special effects, or something. So I bought one to try it out.
:'''Ji Tong:''' But try as I might, I can't get it to print out photos properly. I don't know whether I'm using it wrong, or if it's just faulty.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Maybe there's some trick to it that I'm not getting...
:'''Ji Tong:''' So, how about you? Much of a Kamera Konnoisseur yourself?
:{{DIcon}} I dabble.
::'''Ji Tong:''' I'll take that as a yes! So, could I get you to help?
:{{DIcon}} Never heard of a "Kamera" in my life.
::'''Ji Tong:''' Oh, I see... Well, never mind, it's simple enough to use... Would you mind giving me a hand anyway?
:'''Ji Tong:''' I'm guessing you're a traveler? You must have a lot of experiences under your belt.
:'''Ji Tong:''' What I'd like you to do is use this Kamera to take a picture of something with a strong color.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Once you've taken a snap, if you could please bring me the photo. I want to see if I can isolate the source of the issue...
:'''Ji Tong:''' And if I can't, I'll take the photos to the seller and see what he has to say. With the photos as hard evidence, he won't be able to dismiss the issue.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it.
::'''Ji Tong:''' Great. Thanks!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Kurious Kamera}})
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean by strong color?
::'''Ji Tong:''' Oh, you know... Really bright colors, like red Jueyun Chilis, blue Mist Flower...
::'''Ji Tong:''' Once you've taken a good shot, bring me the photo.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Kurious Kamera}}, opens Claim Fortune Trove menu)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Kurious Kamera
|zhs     = 特别留影
|zhs_rm  = Tèbié Liúyǐng
|zht     = 特別留影
|zht_rm  = Tèbié Liúyǐng
|zh_tl   = Special Photograph
|ja      = 特別な写真
|ja_rm   = Tokubetsu-na Shashin
|ja_tl   = Special Photograph
|ko      = {{tt|특별|特別}}한 {{tt|기념|紀念/記念}} {{tt|사진|寫眞}}
|ko_tl   = Special Commemorative Photograph
|es      = Daguerrotipo especial
|es_tl   = Special Daguerreotype
|fr      = Un cliché spécial
|fr_tl   = A Special Snapshot
|ru      = Любопытная фотокамера
|ru_tl   = Curious Camera
|th      = ภาพถ่ายพิเศษ
|th_rm   = Phapthai Phiset
|th_tl   = Special Photograph
|vi      = Chụp {{tt|ảnh|影}} {{tt|đặc biệt|特別}}
|vi_tl   = Special Photograph
|de      = Ein besonderes Bild
|de_tl   = A Particularly Picture
|id      = Foto Istimewa
|id_tl   = Special Photo
|pt      = Fotografias Especiais
|pt_tl   = Special Photographs
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[fr:Un cliché spécial]]
[[ja:特別な写真]]
[[ru:Любопытная фотокамера]]