{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Kuroyume.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = 
|group            = Youkai
|title            = Nightmare

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Kuroyume'''|ja=クロユメ|ja_rm=Kuroyume}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|Dream Eater's Melancholia}}.

==Profile==
Kuroyume is a nightmare monster, a type of [[youkai]] that lives in human nightmares and acts as the natural nemesis to the [[yumekui-baku]]. He is the last of his kind, and is at least as old as [[Yumemizuki Mizuki]] (that is, several centuries old).<ref name="DoN">{{Ref/Quest|Descendant of Nightmares}}</ref>

===Appearance===
In Emura Chuuya's nightmare realm, Kuroyume manifested as a giant, leering eye in the sky.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Lore==
During the events of ''[[Descendant of Nightmares]]'', it is revealed that Kuroyume survived the extinction of his kind by hiding inside "the borderland," a dream that lives deep within the collective Inazuman subconscious. He watched for centuries as the yumekui-baku learned about humans, eventually using that knowledge to devise a plan to revive his kin. Kuroyume attributed the fall of his kind to the weakness of their human hosts, whose minds would deteriorate rapidly under the weight of their nightmares. His solution was to force the host to repress their negative emotions, causing them to fester and creating a permanent home for nightmares in the host's subconscious. In turn, the host would feel only happiness, prolonging their lifespan (at least temporarily). Kuroyume himself used this method to take over the mind of [[Emura Chuuya]].

By the time the [[Traveler]] and the yumekui-baku [[Yumemizuki Mizuki]] uncover his plot, Kuroyume had already begun using the power of his victims' negative emotions to turn the borderland into a nightmare. He was also creating copies of himself, which he could implant into the dreams of all Inazumans, as they were all connected to the collective dream. His plan was ultimately foiled by Mizuki and the Traveler, who "utterly defeated" him. It is unclear if Kuroyume was killed.

==Trivia==
* Kuroyume may be based on {{w|Yume no seirei}}, a {{w|yōkai}} believed to cause nightmares.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Kuroyume
|zhs     = 久吕由命
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 久呂由命
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = クロユメ
|ja_rm   = 
|ko      = 쿠로 유메
|es      = Kuroyume
|fr      = Kuroyume
|ru      = Куроюмэ
|th      = Kuroyume
|vi      = Kuroyume
|de      = Kuroyume
|id      = Kuroyume
|pt      = Kuroyume
|tr      = Kuroyume
|it      = Kuroyume
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}