{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Kuromaro.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Liyue
|affiliation      = Yashiro Commission
|title            = Yashiro Commission Representative

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Kuromaro''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in [[Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
--><!--
==Profile==
Detailed story/lore information goes here.
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
''Available during ''Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation''.''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Kuromaro:''' An honor to make your acquaintance, esteemed guests of the Commissioner. Having observed your distinguished person making such amiable conversation with Su Ding senpai, I hoped to be able to listen quietly and learn.
:{{DIcon}} The Commissioner?
::'''Kuromaro:''' The name is Kuromaro, and I am at your service. I am a member of the [[Yashiro Commission]], and it was my great honor to have heard the [[Kamisato Ayato|Commissioner]] and [[Kamisato Ayaka|Miss Kamisato]] speak of your deeds.
::'''Kuromaro:''' Courage, righteousness, etiquette, integrity, elegance, kindness, wisdom, in each of these areas, you are a role model for all to emulate.
::{{DIcon}} Is that really what Ayato and Ayaka said about me...?
::{{DIcon}} Oh, stop it, you're embarrassing me...
::'''Kuromaro:''' And such humility as well, this virtue too is worthy of study! If only I had the fortune to meet you sooner...
::'''Kuromaro:''' The scale of this exchange is not large, but its small size belies its great significance. The Commissioner and General Kujou discussed it thoroughly before selecting myself as the representative of the delegation.
::'''Kuromaro:''' I was once in charge of leading a platoon to clear out the monsters and bandits in the mountains. I suffered few setbacks, and I considered my martial skills to be superb.
::'''Kuromaro:''' Until the last "[[Warrior's Spirit|Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Exhibition]]," in which my skills were edged out by [[Hirotatsu]] senpai, and I was unable to take part in the official competition. It was only then that I understood the meaning of humility...
::'''Kuromaro:''' I was very fortunate that the Commissioner believed that although I could not reach the apex of swordsmanship, I could still lead soldiers into battle, and have great potential in the area of eradicating monsters. For this reason, I was gifted with this opportunity.
::'''Kuromaro:''' It wasn't until after I came to [[Liyue]] that I realized that there is always someone out there who is better and that those with consummate martial prowess are beyond count. Just like Su Ding senpai, who is not only exceptional with the spear, but also a master of tactics.
::{{DIcon}} Truly, there are masters everywhere.
::{{DIcon}} It's good to get out, travel, see the world, learn a bit.
::'''Kuromaro:''' Should there be a convenient juncture in the future, I hope you can recommend a few places suited towards expanding one's knowledge of martial disciplines to me. My gratitude would be beyond words!
:{{DIcon}} What have you learned so far?
::'''Kuromaro:''' My most profound understanding has been the balance between bravery and strategy.
::'''Kuromaro:''' You should know well that [[Inazuma]] is a land of many islands, and when two sides clash, it often evolves into a series of groups of soldiers engaged in duels. In such situations, morale is of the utmost importance.
::'''Kuromaro:''' In order to boost troop morale, the leader of the army must often take the lead, heroically charging the enemy with limitless courage. This seems to have almost become a convention.
::'''Kuromaro:''' However, under the guidance of [[Su Ding]] senpai, I realized that if we follow such practices in every battle, then if faced with powerful monsters, the overall battlefield situation could spiral out of control.
::'''Kuromaro:''' If, while leading my troops, I were to directly engage a... [[Thunderhelm Lawachurl]], then I would certainly be hard-pressed, and might survive by the skin of my teeth. The morale of the other soldiers would plummet, and they might even panic.
::'''Kuromaro:''' Therefore, strategy and bravery must be balanced. Though it may be difficult to form a continuous line of battle, cooperation between individual soldiers must be emphasized.
::'''Kuromaro:''' Dividing and conquering, giving the order at the opportune moment, deciding as the leader when to advance and when to retreat... These are countless methods.
::'''Kuromaro:''' If you do not mind, then please allow me to watch closely when you participate in the Wargames!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe next time!
::'''Kuromaro:''' I understand, you are very busy! Please, take care, I shall be respectfully waiting for you here!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Kuromaro
|zhs     = 玄理
|zhs_rm  = Xuánlǐ
|zht     = 玄理
|zht_rm  = Xuánlǐ
|ja      = 玄理
|ja_rm   = Kuromaro
|ko      = 쿠로마로
|es      = Kuromaro
|fr      = Kuromaro
|ru      = Куромаро
|th      = Kuromaro
|vi      = Kuromaro
|de      = Kuromaro
|id      = Kuromaro
|pt      = Hyunri
|tr      = Kuromaro
|it      = Kuromaro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->