{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Kusayla.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = 
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|title            = 
|deceased         = Past

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|siblingNote      = 
|child            = Dehya
|childNote        = adoptive
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Kusayla''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Dehya]]'s [[Story Quest]] ''[[Lionsblood]]''.

==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->

Kusayla was the leader of Dakar Al-Ahmar, an Eremite group that fell under the jurisdiction of Deshret's Relics. At some point while wandering the desert, he discovered an infant Dehya in the sands and adopted her, taking pity on her situation. As Dehya trained with the others, Kusayla appreciated her sincerity and kindness. As Dehya had not been "recorded" by Deshret's Relics, Kusayla wanted to make sure she would not be pulled down like the rest of the brigade. When Deshret's Relics questioned him over discrepancies, he would frequently lie and get beaten up as a result.

Some time later, Kusayla and his men discovered the [[Homayani Family]] under attack by Eremite bandits and slew them, gaining [[Shahzaman]]'s respect, seeing his daughter [[Dunyarzad]] similar to Dehya. Shahzaman would invite them to his estate to serve as guards and paid them handsomely before Kusayla and the others returned to the desert. As a result of the beatings he endured, he had to walk with a cane. Not wanting to bring Dehya into the cruelty of Deshret's Relics, Kusayla referred her to the Blazing Beasts, who took her in. After an argument between the two, he "aged" overnight. Not wanting to bring the others down, he then returned to headquarters and burned their "records" room while inside, killing himself while freeing everyone tied down by the "records".

The remaining members of Dakar Al-Ahmar felt incredible guilt over their newfound freedom and sought revenge on Deshret's Relics and those affiliated to them. This caused Dehya to investigate why they were acting out and she learned the truth from them, assisting in their task. When they reached the burned records room, they discovered his cane a toy sword sheathed inside, which she was allowed to keep as inheritance. Later on, the Eremite [[Sattar]] would give her a box of his belongings, where they would discover a letter inside that he had envied her and that he was not her blood father.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Kusayla
|zhs     = 库塞拉
|zhs_rm  = Kùsāilā
|zht     = 庫塞拉
|zht_rm  = Kùsāilā
|ja      = クセラ
|ja_rm   = Kusera
|ko      = 쿠사일라
|es      = Kusaila
|fr      = Kusayla
|ru      = Кусайла
|th      = Kusayla
|vi      = Kusayla
|de      = Kusayla
|id      = Kusayla
|pt      = Kusayla
|tr      = Kusayla
|it      = Kusayla
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}
[[Category:Deceased Characters]]