{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Families
|region       = Mondstadt
}}
{{Quote|My ears and tail are no prop, they're real. Proof of my Kätzlein bloodline.|[[Diona]]}}
The '''Kätzlein Bloodline''', also called the '''Kätzlein Lineage''', is a family that has been in [[Springvale]] for at least three hundred years, where the hunter [[Olaf]] lived before being accidentally preserved in ice. They are a line of renowned hunters, from Olaf to his descendant, [[Draff]].

==History==
They are a family who are well known for their feline features, as well as their hunting prowess.<ref name="Umbertail">{{Ref/Wildlife|Umbertail Falcon}}</ref> Skills such as infiltration, archery, climbing, and dodging come naturally to members of the bloodline.<ref name="Diona Story 3">{{Ref/CS|Diona|3}}</ref> They have keen eyes<ref name="Umbertail" /> that are able to see well in the dark, as well as heightened senses such as hearing and smell. The feline features of members of the Kätzlein bloodline are exceedingly rare in [[Mondstadt]], leading [[Dr. Edith]] to write about them in "Studies of Bloodlines Strange and Unfamiliar."<ref name="Diona Story 3" /> Diona falsely claims that everyone in the Kätzlein lineage has a [[Vision]], but she is the only member known to have one.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Diona|About the Vision: Heirloom}}</ref>
[[Sucrose]], a young woman with similar cat-like features, often wondered if she had shared ancestry with Diona, and many people would ask her about it. Through observation, she determined that her feline features were of a similar genome to the Kätzleins but a different ancestry.<ref name="Sucrose Story 2">{{Ref/CS|Sucrose|2}}</ref>

==Known Members==
===300 Years Ago===
* [[Olaf]]

===Present Day===
* [[Olaf]] (cryopreserved)
* [[Draff]]
** [[Diona]]

==Trivia==
* [[Diona: Meow!|Diona's namecard]] suggests their feline features are "an ancient prank played by a certain someone."
* Despite their feline features, the Kätzlein lineage are still considered human.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Cooking Showdown}}</ref>

===Etymology===
* {{de|Kätzlein}} is the German term for kitten.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Kätzlein Bloodline
|en_lang  = de
|en_tl    = Kitten Bloodline
|zhs      = 凯茨莱茵家族
|zhs_rm   = Kǎicíláiyīn Jiāzú
|zht      = 凱茨萊茵家族
|zht_rm   = Kǎicíláiyīn Jiāzú
|zh_tl    = Kätzlein Family
|ja       = カッツェレイン一族
|ja_rm    = Kattserein Ichizoku<ref>{{Ref/VO|Diona|ディオナ自身について…|ja|note=About Diona}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Kätzlein Clan
|ko       = 캐츠라인 {{tt|가문|家門}}
|ko_tl    = Kätzlein Family
|es       = Sangre felinesa
|es_tl    = Feline Bloodline
|fr       = Lignée des Kätzlein
|fr_tl    = Kätzlein Lineage
|ru       = Кецлайн
|th       = ตระกูล Kätzlein
|th_rm    = Trakun Kätzlein
|th_tl    = Kätzlein Clan
|vi       = {{tt|Gia tộc|家族}} Kätzlein
|vi_tl    = Kätzlein Clan
|de       = Kätzlein-Blutlinie
|de_tl    = Kitten Bloodline
|id       = Keturunan Kätzlein
|id_tl    = Kätzlein Descendants
|pt       = Linhagem Kätzlein
|pt_tl    = Kätzlein Lineage
|tr       = Kätzlein Soyu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Stirpe del Kätzlein
|it_tl    = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}
[[Category:Mondstadt Clans]]

[[ja:カッツェレイン一族]]