{{Book Collection Infobox
|image   = Book La Chanson d'Erinnyes.png
|volumes = 3
|region_lore = Fontaine
|region_location = Fontaine
|quality = 4
|vol1    = [[Lumidouce Harbor]], upper floor
|vol2    = Sold by [[Hubel]]
|vol3    = Lumidouce Harbor, upper floor
}}
'''La Chanson d'Erinnyes''' is a [[Book Collection]] found in [[Fontaine]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|How the [[Cassiodor|emissary]] of King [[Remus]] came to [[Erinnyes (NPC)|Erinnyes]], asking her for a gift of Aremori Castle's water and earth, and for her to submit to the [[Phobos|Sumphonia Capitolii]] (which means "the eternal harmony").}}
Chapter 6<br>
Part 7<br>
How the emissary of King Remus came to Erinnyes, asking her for a gift of Aremori Castle's water and earth, and for her to submit to the Sumphonia Capitolii (which means "the eternal harmony").

Of the glorious deeds of Otkerus of Rhenanie, a righteous and noble [[Lochknight|knight]], and his valiant battle against a venom-breathing dragon,<br>
Much has already been said earlier that we shall draw to a close here. Now, we shall look back and talk of Erinnyes in those days.

At the time, Erinnyes had just defeated the princes of Bellouacoi, Atrebatis, and Uiromanduoi, and accepted their allegiance.<br>
And so the residents of those lands knew of the kindness of the [[Egeria|Mistress of Many Waters]], submitting to her rule with sincerity.<br>
To celebrate that fealty and wisdom, eight days of feasting were ordered in Aremori Castle, with all to be treated as honored guests.

On that day, a musician arrived, an emissary dispatched by King Remus of [[Capitolium|Capitolii]], claiming to have a message to deliver.<br>
He came with no attendants or guards, just a single horse, and a golden-tipped fasces as a symbol of his status.<ref group="Note">The original Chinese text ({{zh|他没有带近侍和警卫,独自骑马到这里来,还执着带
金蜂的束棒,作为皇帝特使的标记。}}) translates literally to "He rode here alone, without attendants or guards, and held a bridle with golden bees as a sign of being the emperor's special envoy."</ref><br>
Everyone present was deeply displeased, but the emissary was permitted to speak out of respect for Erinnyes, the beloved leader of the knights.<br>
On seeing Erinnyes, the emissary first wished her well and performed a formal bow, before explaining his intent. 

"I represent the most honorable and greatest King Remus, emperor of all, and send my regards to your court."<br>
"May your anger never destroy your powers of reasoning. King Remus asks of you two gifts, as legitimate tribute."<br>
"The first is water, for the purest of waters can wash away all sins. The second is earth, for dense earth can resist the [[erosion]] that looms."<br>
"King Remus expects you and your people to honor his wishes. Should you dare resist, death shall be sure to follow."

The emissary's message sent Sir Guillaume of Gellone into a rage, and he drew the sacred blade Narbonnais from its scabbard.<br>
"Cease, you braggart! To make such threats on this occasion is an insult to every knight here."<br>
"And if you mean to threaten my sworn liege, there is no need for me to hold back. I shall have your head, sir, in a single stroke!"<br>
More of the brave knights drew their swords, including Knight Blancandrin and his compatriot Knight Marsile.

But the wise Knight Erinnyes gave an order to the knights present: [[Cassiodor|the emissary from Capitoliani]] was not to be harmed.<br>
"Please, tell King Remus, great emissary, that in this whole world, there is only one to whom we bend the knee."<br>
"And that is the beneficent Mistress of Many Waters, our mistress, who bears for us our sins, the greatest and most honorable ruler."<br>
"No other ruler or god can be spoken of in the same breath, for she is greatest in kindness and first in glory."

On hearing that, King Remus's emissary again spoke, saying this before all gathered there:<br>
"Before King Remus conquers your land, he shall send war or hunger or plague upon you."<ref group="Note">The original Chinese text ({{zh|利魔世皇帝尚未统治全 境的时候,或刀兵灾殃,或瘟疫饥荒,祸患总是 临到我们头上}}) translates literally to "Before the emperor of the Demon World ruled the whole territory, there would be wars, plagues and famines. Disasters would always befall us." Therefore, a more accurate interpretation would be, "Before King Remus conquered your land, there would be wars, plagues, and famines."</ref><br>
"Those who once fought against each other have been brought to peace under a single ruler, and this is wisdom."<br>
"For otherwise, who shall mourn when the waters flow over our heads? And who shall save us in our hour of need?"<br>
"Of all these braves, who has rescued themselves from ignorance and superstition? Who hears the cries of the weak?"<br>
"King Remus's orders are well-meant and born of pity. He does not wish to see a single person fall into the waters. He would see all saved."

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|How the Knights of every region united to lend their strength to Erinnyes, in opposition to the designs of the Capitoliani to invade.}}
How the knights of every region united to lend their strength to Erinnyes, in opposition to the designs of the Capitoliani to invade.
When Sir Agricane had finished, the fine bowman Knight Drest, Prince of Lyonnais, was first to speak and offer his view:<br>
"The harmony and prosperity that [[Cassiodor|Vivarium's heir]] has promised us are naught but lies, his promise but trickery."<br>
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, none so wise and noble as you should be taken in by such pretense."<br>
"You must know that those words are aimed much like a poisoned arrow tipped with gold. It may be dazzling to watch, but the pain it brings shall be all the greater."
His fair companion, Adsiltia, the lady of the azure sail, whose name meant "daughter of ice," was next to speak:<br>
"Vivarium's heir is the least trustworthy of traitors. That he would have such harmonious congress with [[Boethius]] is completely bewildering."<br>
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, no matter what reason he offers, we cannot let the Capitoliani harm all we know to be good."<br>
"Please, make up your mind as soon as you are able, and do battle with the court of the Capitoliani. For there shall be no salvation for our souls should you bend the knee."<br>
"Let the evil disappear like dew in the sun. Oathbreakers and the unjust will be driven from this world."<br>
"And in this way, songs will be sung of your wisdom, for those who seek to exact the debt of bloodshed will be remembered by those in misery."
And following that, Sir Naimes, Sir Tulpin, and all the other noble knights lent their swords to the fight.<br>
Erinnyes knew of their dedication and offered her sincere thanks. Then she met with King Remus's musician and spoke to him as follows:<br>
"Please inform King Remus, noble emissary, that no monarch of this world is bound to bow to another."<br>
"The Mistress of Many Waters has granted us all equal honor. There are none greater who shall trample me, none lesser who must envy me."<br>
"And I am to lead her blessed army to destroy the [[Scylla|white dragon]] and the [[Machimos|grand city]], and to cleanse their bodies in their own blood."<br>
"Like a herder drives the wolves from his flock, I will drive the invaders from this land, to serve as an eternal warning."
And with that, Erinnyes ordered Sir Fierabras to prepare wondrous gifts for the Capitoliani musician.<br>
She also ordered the emissary to be escorted back to [[Fort Charybdis Ruins|Carubdis Castle]] so he could report to King Remus. Of that, we shall write later.

==Vol. 3==
{{Description|How Erinnyes bid farewell to the Mistress of Many Waters, and how she threw her sword into the lake three times.}}
Chapter 20<br>
Part 3<br>
How Erinnyes bid farewell to the Mistress of Many Waters, and how she threw her sword into the [[Roots of Erinnyes|lake]] three times.

The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her wish. And so Erinnyes said: <br>
"Thank you, O Queen of Many Waters, for showing me the Pure Grail I so urgently desired, and for allowing me to complete this journey."<br>
"Those knights who yet survive, your servants, will continue to loyally serve you and your future kingdom, following that [[Cassiodor|noble musician]]."<br>
"[[Marechaussee Phantom|They]] will pursue the lingering shadows, restoring justice. For those who travel in the dark yearn for the light, while those in the light know nothing of the dark."<br>
"Goodness is nothing but a dream. Thus do I present these good knights to you and beg that you forgive their sins."

The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her wish. And so Erinnyes said:<br>
"O Queen of Many Waters, I confess to you my sins and do not hide my evil, for they are too grave to be forgiven."<br>
"In your high and pure ideals, you must not forgive such sins. The only possible comfort for my soul is expulsion and exile."<br>
"There are no angels or divine edicts. In your kind and loving land, only sin may determine sin, and only people may judge people."<br>
"I ask only that you remember my suffering and witness our grievances. For these are like disease, like a poison."<br>
"I submit my name into your hands, and may all who criticize us be cursed for all eternity for their lack of righteousness."

The knight with sea-colored eyes finished her speech and drew her shining sword. A beam of watery light shone from it and lit the valley.<br>
"Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! How you shine under the blazing sun's beams!"<br>
"You have drunk the crimson blood of the unrighteous. Oathbreakers and the unjust have fallen like flakes of snow to the ground before your purity."<br>
"Countless sins stain my coat, for I bear the guilt of bloodshed. I have taken lives, even that of the righteous, yet still you shine."<br>
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet.<br>
"Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! You are so lovely and sacred, your golden hilt inlaid with jewels."<br>
"Daeira, that maiden by the lake, that noble lady of pure waters, gifted you to the chief of knights so she could perform countless deeds."<br>
"She once used you to conquer Peiregord; she once used you to defeat Aisias. Even the fae of the distant south could not seize you."<br>
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful, holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet.<br>
"Oh great Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! By your blade were so many conflicts settled in peace, and the ravages of war laid to rest in these lands."<br>
"One day there shall be one nobler than I, seven times more so, who will lift you again, and they shall do deeds seven times greater."<br>
"How many wondrous days have I spent beside you! Ah! Dawn breaks, yet I have lost the crown of righteousness forever."<br>
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. The sword sank without a trace.<br>
And then she left with the spirit who had been by her side from the start, never again to be seen by any in this world.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The {{w|Matter of France}} is a body of literature and legendary material associated with the history of France. The cycle springs from the Old French ''{{w|chanson de geste}}'', an early type of medieval French epic poetry, and the source for many of the names appearing in the collection.
** The Book Collection itself is named after the {{w|The Song of Roland|Song of Roland}} (<u>French</u>: ''La Chanson de Roland'').
*** Erinnyes' sword, Hauteclaire, is named after the magical sword wielded by {{w|Oliver (paladin)|Oliver}}, a legendary knight from the Matter of France who most famously appeared in the Song of Roland.
*** {{w|Blancandrin}} and {{w|King Marsile|Marsile}} are antagonists in the Song of Roland.
*** Tulpin, or {{w|Tilpin}}, was the bishop of {{w|Reims}} who appears in the Song of Roland as a bishop doubling as a warrior.
** {{w|Fierabras}} is a character in several ''chansons de geste'' and other romances relating to the Matter of France.
** Guillaume of Gellone's historical namesake is {{w|William of Gellone}}, a French saint who became a popular hero and has an entire literary cycle dedicated to him.
*** Guillaume's sword derives its name from {{w|Aymeri de Narbonne#Narbonnais|Narbonnais}}, a ''chanson de geste'' in William of Gellone's cycle.
** Naimes, or {{w|Naimon}}, is a character who appears in many ''chansons de geste'' and Italian epic romances about the Matter of France.
** Otkerus, or {{w|Autchar}}, was a historical Frankish nobleman who, through the ''chansons de geste'', evolved into the legendary figure {{w|Ogier the Dane}}.
*** Rhenanie is the French name of the {{w|Rhineland}}.
** Agricane, or {{w|Agrican}}, is a major character in the Italian chivalric romance {{w|Orlando Innamorato}} about the Matter of France.
* Adsiltia and {{w|Drest}} are possible origins of the names {{w|Iseult}} and {{w|Tristan}} respectively, the two lovers in the chivalric romance {{w|Tristan and Iseult}}. Drest is a {{w|Picts|Pictish}} name and was used by several legendary Pictish kings.
** [[Goldoni]] references the "farewell of the Lochknight Drest and Adsiltia" as a "classical romance" in her second dialogue set.
* {{w|Daeira}} was a deity connected with the {{w|Eleusinian Mysteries}}. Due to the secrecy of the Eleusinian Mysteries, there are many conflicting sources regarding Daeira's identity. According to {{w|Pausanias_(geographer)|Pausanias}} in his {{w|Description of Greece}}, Daeira was one of the {{w|Oceanids}}.
* Several of the tribes named in Vol. 1 are named after territories or tribes that were conquered by {{w|Julius Caesar}}:
** {{w|Armorica|Aremorica}}, the name of Erinnyes' tribe,<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Splendor of Tranquil Waters|Description #2}}</ref> is derived from {{w|Gaulish}} ''aremori'' and is a toponym meaning "in front of the sea." The real Aremorica, known as Armorique in French, was a region of Gaul, and a center of resistance against the Romans during Caesar's Gallic Wars. Today, it mainly refers to the peninsula in northwestern France where the Celtic region of {{w|Brittany}} is located.
** {{w|Bellovaci|Bellouacoi}}, {{w|Atrebates|Atrebatis}}, and {{w|Viromandui|Uiromanduoi}} are all Gaulish names for {{w|Belgae|Belgic}} tribes which were defeated and conquered by Julius Caesar.
** Peiregòrd, or {{w|Périgord}}, was a region and province of France. It came under the control of Rome after the Gallic Wars.
*** Las Aisiás, or Les Eyzies in French, is a commune within the Périgord area.
* Cassiodor's epithet of "Vivarium's heir" is a reference to the Roman monastery {{w|Vivarium_(monastery)|Vivarium}}, which was founded by the Roman statesman {{w|Cassiodorus}}.


==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = La Chanson d'Erinnyes
|en_lang = fr
|en_tl   = The Song of Erinnyes
|zhs     = 伊黎耶之歌
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 伊黎耶之歌
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = エリニュスの歌
|ja_rm   = Erinyusu no Uta
|ja_tl   = The Song of Erinnyes
|ko      = 에리니에스<->의 노래
|ko_tl   = Song of Erinnyes
|es      = La canción de Erinias
|es_tl   = The Song of Erinnyes
|fr      = La chanson d'Erinnyes
|fr_tl   = The Song of Erinnyes
|ru      = Песня Эриний
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = บทเพลงแห่ง Erinnyes
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = La Chanson d'Erinnyes
|de      = La chanson d'Erinnyes
|id      = Nyanyian Erinnyes
|id_tl   = The Song of Erinnyes
|pt      = A Canção de Erinnyes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Erinnyes'in Şarkısı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La chanson d'Érinnyes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Fontaine}}

[[fr:La chanson d'Erinnyes]]
[[id:Nyanyian Erinnyes]]
[[ru:Песня Эриний]]
[[vi:La Chanson d'Erinnyes]]