{{EventTabs
|subpage1 = The Ominous Demesne
|subpage1name = Stage 1
|subpage2 = The Brutal Divergence
|subpage2name = Stage 2
|subpage3 = The Vengeful Wood
|subpage3name = Stage 3
|subpage4 = The Echoes of Extinction
|subpage4name = Stage 4
|subpage5 = The Rending Absolution
|subpage5name = Stage 5
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|item            = Chapter Labyrinth Warriors.png
|type            = Event
|actType         = Part
|act1            = A Tricky Situation
|ARReq1          = 30
|archonQuestReq1 = [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|act2            = Pushing On
|act3            = Away With Obsessions and Falsehood
|act4            = Path of the Taishou
}}
==Part I: A Tricky Situation==
{{Main|A Tricky Situation}}

Checking in on the Inazuman Adventurers' Guild, the Traveler learns from [[Katheryne]] that a [[Xinyan|musician from Liyue]] needs help. Realizing who they are, Katheryne tells them that the musician could be found outside the [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters]]. The Traveler heads there and finds Xinyan, who is pleasantly surprised to see them and [[Paimon]] in Inazuma. She tells them that [[Beidou]] had taken her to Inazuma so she could participate in the [[Iridescence Tour]], but it had been canceled when she arrived due to poor weather. Her permit is near expiring and she is unsure as to why the Tenryou Commission is unable to process it for her.

Inside, they find [[Kujou Sara]] and a group of samurai. Sara is surprised to see the Traveler and is introduced to Xinyan. She tells them that they are short on manpower and that a [[Domains|Domain]] had inexplicably opened near [[Araumi]], spewing large numbers of monsters into the countryside. Xinyan and the Traveler offer to help, which Sara gracefully accepts and promises to deal with Xinyan's permit in return. Arriving at the Domain grounds, they clear the monsters before finding a paper cutout near the entrance, who comes to.

The cutout introduces itself as [[Shiki Taishou]] and that it has lost most of its memories. While the Traveler is wary of their affiliation, Xinyan plays a song to test Taishou, who responds positively to the music. The three enter the Domain and find [[Tartaglia|Childe]], who is surprised to see the Traveler. Childe, noticing that Xinyan is from Liyue and his [[Heart of Glaze|previous actions]] may cause issues, wonders if he should admit his misdeed before Paimon claims that he's an adventurer from Mondstadt, which he quickly goes along with.

The group clears the Domain and enters a portal, but the Traveler, Xinyan, Paimon and Taishou find themselves dumped outside. Taishou believes it is a security measure and that they'll have to wait for it to rearrange before they could re-enter.

==Part II: Pushing On==
{{Main|Pushing On}}

After a few days pass, the four re-enter the Mystic Onmyou Chamber and find Childe waiting for them. He had managed to get some shikigami cutouts and Taishou absorbs them, regaining more of his memories. As with before, when they re-enter the portal again, the Traveler, Paimon and Xinyan are thrown out again, so they wait for the domain to rearrange itself.

==Part III: Away With Obsessions and Falsehood==
{{Main|Away With Obsessions and Falsehood}}

After another set of days pass, the three re-enter the chamber. Having acquired another shikigami cutout, Taishou had waited for them to return as thanks for restoring his memories before absorbing it. He finally regains all of his memories, stating that the chamber was meant as a way by Harunosuke to train samurai against external threats. As they fight to the end of the domain, Taishou thanks everyone for helping him, regaining full control of the chambers and that he would explain the purpose of the chambers to the Tenryou Commission when they entered.

Childe pulls the Traveler to the side and reveals that while he had fun in the chambers, he came to Inazuma as he believed [[Scaramouche]] was hiding inside. After acquiring [[Ei]]'s [[Gnosis]] from [[Yae Miko]], the Fatui lost all contact with him, leading them to believe that he had gone rogue. Childe then bids the Traveler farewell as he leaves the chambers first.

==Part IV: Path of the Taishou==
{{Main|Path of the Taishou}}

The Traveler and Paimon decide to check in on Taishou. He is pleased to meet them and tells them that he informed the Tenryou Commission of the chambers' purpose, allowing the incident to be resolved peacefully. With the chambers under his full control, he allows the Traveler to pit themselves against even stronger monsters at their leisure for as long as possible before the energy expires, in which he would let the chambers rest to reaccumulate its powers.

==Characters==
===Major Characters===
*[[Traveler]]
*[[Paimon]]
*[[Shiki Taishou]]
*[[Xinyan]]
*[[Tartaglia]]
===Minor Characters===
*[[Katheryne]]
*[[Kujou Sara]]
*[[Watanabe (Labyrinth Warriors)|Watanabe]]
===Cameo===
*[[Kamuna Harunosuke]]

==Lore of Yore==
===I===
I can recall those chaotic images...<br />
Steel clashing against steel, the thrum of bowstrings, the bellows of warriors and monsters as they engage in a melee, all blending together.<br />
I once dwelled here for countless days and nights, and I should have witnessed every battle here.<br />Shame, then, that I cannot recall why I am here in this Mystic Onmyou Chamber.<br />
The complex paths, the monsters lying in wait everywhere... This whole maze seems to reject any visitors.<br />Is this Harunosuke's will? I cannot be sure<br />
As it stands, the Chamber has brought trouble to the outside world, and that responsibility lies with me.<br />I will not shirk this duty. As the overseer, I must have access to information others cannot know, and thus it must be by my hand that this chaos caused by the Chamber must be stopped.<br />
No matter what, I must fight alongside these companions whom I have newly met, reach the deepest rooms of this labyrinth, and uncover the truth.<br />
I must meet with Harunosuke.
===II===
The replicas. Each and every one of them is my eyes, ears, hands, and feet.<br />
They once fought alongside countless warriors, plumbing the depths of this Mystic Onmyou Chamber.<br />
They also accompanied these very warriors out in the world to battle monsters, bringing me all manner of knowledge from my permanent dwelling within the Chamber.<br />
These memories are not all that useful to learning the truth behind the Chamber itself, and I am only barely able to remember the names of the samurai.<br />
Aside from those warriors, filled with fighting spirit as they were, there were the brilliant swordmasters, the nimble vagrants, those who were learned in ancient knowledge... Even outlanders, mercenaries from across the ocean.<br />
Why did these people gather to Harunosuke's side?<br />
Was this Chamber the site of an outbreak of dangerous monsters in the past, that such troops had to be dispatched to quell them?<br />
I could not call the present circumstances optimistic either. The words of my companions are of great importance. Indeed, we must hurry lest we run out of time...
===III===
Of course, it is my hope that Harunosuke harbored no ill-will when he created the Mystic Onmyou Chamber.<br />
In my incomplete memories, his character was hard to read, much like a gust of night wind...<br />
But he was a person in which one could have absolute confidence.<br />
He remain unfazed even as the samurai grew anxious from the setbacks they suffered, and as they heard him speak ever so calmly, they too found their terror drifting away.<br />
However, I remember that sometimes, when we were alone, Harunosuke would spend much time ruminating upon a long pipe.<br />
During such times, he would grow unfocused, his mood very unlike his usual light-hearted self.<br />
This pipe was something he made personally in his free time, and yet he was not one to use it.<br />
He must be waiting, I suppose. Waiting for a certain friend...<br />
I doubt that those feelings of his were feigned &mdash; there is no need for false fronts before the works of your own hands.<br />
Could such a person really descend into madness and do such heinous deeds?<br />
Yet now that it has come to this, there is no use debating the past.<br />
Regardless of the impression Harunosuke made in my memories, I must no longer waver.<br />
After all, I cannot betray the trust of my present comrades, their stalwartness, and their unreserved trust in me.<br />
They have helped me to find "myself" again &mdash; indeed, it would be no exaggeration to say that they have helped to "recreate" me.
===IV===
I cannot, for the life of me, figure it out.<br />
I was created when Harunosuke first created onmyoudou. I accompanied him across many lands, exorcising many evils.<br />
Through these experiences, he gained a deeper understanding of charm magic, and came up with the brilliant idea of "using shikigami to aid samurai in defending against evil."<br />
He put out a call to all manner of warriors and created the Mystic Onmyou Chamber to look for his own unique path to becoming a protector.<br />
The great charm magic that created this domain were made by his hand and placed great strain on his body. It is no exaggeration to say that the Mystic Onmyou Chamber is the crystallization of his existence.<br />
Why, then, would he give up his life's work and depart in such a hurry?<br />
The samurai who believed in him, the friend he waited for, and myself... Where were we to go from there?
===V===
At last, the truth comes to light.<br />
Perhaps I should have expressed more grief at the overall situation as the permanent overseer and defender of the Mystic Onmyou Chamber.<br />
But instead, I counseled Harunosuke and helped him resolve the angst within him.<br />
His waiting would never bear fruit, but instead had become something he had forced upon himself and a terrible burden to bear.<br />
Nor were we alone in wishing to defend that which that friend of his had held so dear &mdash; the deity that eventually brought the situation under control wished so too, as did many nameless people of great skill and will besides.<br />
Since it was the goal itself that we strove towards, why obsess and give ourselves no relief over the form that the goal's realization took?<br />
This ending was perhaps most fitting.<br />
Harunosuke departed with peace in his heart, drifting afar like the night breeze.<br />
The Mystic Onmyou Chamber has also opened its doors once more, awaiting those who would uncover its value.<br />
As for me, I will wander no longer.<br />
The Traveler, Paimon, Xinyan, and Tartaglia... I will defend the reason for my existence together with them.

[[pt-br:Guerreiros do Labirinto/História]]
[[vi:Chiến Binh Bí Ẩn/Cốt Truyện]]