{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Lan Yan
|id             = 368194
|image          = Lan Yan Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Lan Yan''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Rattan ornaments...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Little animals...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Craving fungi...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A lie-down...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Ghost stories!

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hey, {{Traveler}}! I made it!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} How fascinating!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}! I made it!
:{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' This place is fascinating! It's perfect for [[Windtrace]].
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' It's a lot different from what I'm used to.
::{{DIcon}} Is there something you don't like?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Oh, no, no! That's not what I meant at all!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Being here... It's just a new sensation, that's all!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I've never been somewhere so amazing! I'm so excited, my heart feels like it's beating a mile a minute!
::{{DIcon}} I guess this place is pretty big...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Definitely... The size is only part of it, though. What's really impressive is what you've done with the place!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I never get lost in the mountains back home, and that's a big area, too.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' But, as I was exploring this place just now, I really had to pay attention, or I never would have found my way back!
::{{DIcon}} It's okay. I would come and save you!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Hehe, really?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Then, if you hear the frantic ringing of a silver bell, come find me, okay?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Sure! Then, let's talk about... Ooh! How you're feeling right now!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Yeah, that's it! Tell me what you're thinking in this exact moment!
::{{DIcon}} That's kind of sudden... I'm not sure what to say...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' That's exactly my point!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I'm not sure if you've noticed, but it feels like you know me a lot better than I know you.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Think about it &mdash; we've talked about my hobbies, my problems, all the embarrassing things I've done...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' But, when it comes to you, I know about your past achievements and your future goals, but that's it.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Not that that's a bad thing, it's just... the past and future are only part of the story...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' And all too often in life, people end up neglecting the here and now.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' For instance, people talk about how you never stop. No matter how tough your journey gets, you just grit your teeth and keep going.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Sure, it means you accomplish a huge amount each day. But it also means that you don't get to stop and rest, even when you feel tired...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I guess what I'm getting at is... Is this what you really want in life? It feels like you're busier than a swallow trying to build a nest.
::{{DIcon}} Of course! It's really fulfilling.
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12a 1.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Huh. Wow, I didn't expect that answer!
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12a 2.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I thought you were going to break down and tell me how tired you are.
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12a 3.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Haha, I'm glad! That's all I could hope for! It means you're not short on energy, at least!
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12a 4.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I suppose there's no need for me to worry. Let me ask you this, then...
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12a 5.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Do you ever get to nap or sleep in? Oh, and can your hands do entirely different tasks at the same time?
::{{DIcon}} To be honest, I'm beat...
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 1.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Silver needs to be hammered time and again for it to shine, but humans don't work that way! If you're tired, just rest!
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 2.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Now, I want you to close your eyes. Tell me the first thing that comes to your mind, and we'll go do it!
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 3.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Well? Was it eating a delicious meal? Or doing some sight-seeing?
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 4.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' What!? You thought about all the unfinished commissions in your [[Adventurer Handbook]]!?
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 5.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' *sigh*... Well, if that's what it takes to get you to rest...
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 6.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Alright, I'll go with you. But, in two days, okay?
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 7.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I don't want to go right now, and I should respect how I feel in the moment, right? Now, all you need to do is follow my example.
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship2 12b 8.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Actually, can I add an urgent commission to your handbook? "Spend the next two days relaxing with Lan Yan"... There. Even if you're not tired, I certainly am...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I was just thinking about what you could add to this place...
::{{DIcon}} Oh? Is there something I'm missing?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Well... I wanted to make some rattan furniture for you, but it looks like you have everything covered around here...
::{{DIcon}} Oh, yeah! They're all things from my collection, or things I made myself.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Hehe, I can tell they mean a lot to you. All of these pieces are in great shape! You must really cherish them.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Wait, I've got it!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I'll make rattan covers for your furniture. Oh, and some of the more fragile trinkets around here, too! You'll never have to worry about scratches again!
::{{DIcon}} That sounds like a lot of work!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' It's no trouble at all! Don't forget, I'm a member of the Artisans Association. It's what I do! And, I enjoy it!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Besides, I'm the one imposing upon your hospitality. It's the least I can do!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' If you like the idea, then I'll get started right away. If you have reservations... just let me know!
::{{DIcon}} I'd love nothing more than to add Madame Lan's works to my collection!
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 1.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Haha, you flatter me! To have such an eminent figure praise my work... The honor is all mine!
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 2.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Alright, I humored you, so we can drop the formalities, right?
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 3.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Then, let me say this...
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 4.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Once the covers are ready, don't feel like you need to store them away for safe-keeping. Use them to your heart's content!
::{{DIcon}} What if I damage them?
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 1.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Oh, that's what you're worried about?
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 2.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' All rattan strands are washed, sun-dried, shaped, and planed before using, and that doesn't even touch on the steaming, oiling, or coloring processes...
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 3.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Point being, it's not an issue! Not to brag or anything, but my rattan crafts are extremely durable! You don't have to worry about moisture or insects!
:::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 4.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Even if they get damaged &mdash; and that's a big if &mdash; I can always fix them. Unless, you're saying you don't trust my skills...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Oh, and promise me you won't cover them with any cloth to try and protect them...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' *sigh*... I barely remember what our own furniture looks like... Every day, it's like my mom adds another layer of cloth...
::{{DIcon}} Alright, you have my word!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Great! Then I'll get started right away. Measurements first!
::{{DIcon}} How can I help?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Actually, there is something I need from you...
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Tell me the stories behind all these items! I'm dying to know!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Lan Yan.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Morning! Did you sleep well?
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Huh, it looks like you could use a nap.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Lan Yan.
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Night! Don't let me keep you!
::{{A|vo lanyan mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I'm gonna stay up and finish this novel &mdash; only two pages to go. A mysterious entity under the bed just grabbed the main character by the foot...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly lanyan harveststall 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Wow, I never thought I'd get to take a walk down the country lanes while I'm here! Did you set all this up just for me?
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly lanyan harveststall 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Fresh fruit and vegetables, groceries, and... what's that over there? I feel spoiled for choice! Haha.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly lanyan harveststall 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I gotta walk down this street and take this all in. Come on! Keep up!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Feiyun Study Room===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly lanyan study 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Silverware needs to be kept in clean, dry conditions, just like books. At home, we actually keep all our silver in a study room just like this.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly lanyan study 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' You shouldn't stack silver, because sometimes it can be a little soft and malleable. The best way to store it is to wrap it up in cloth and put it on a bookshelf.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly lanyan study 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' That reminds me &mdash; I brought some pieces from my collection with me, and they need a lot of care. It's probably time I gave them a clean... do you wanna see them?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Lan Yan/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Лань Янь/Компаньон]]
[[vi:Lan Yan/Bạn Đồng Hành]]