{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71816
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Wangshu Once Again|showType=0}}
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)*100
|title         = Lantern of Wayfarer
|type          = World
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Francis; Huangshan; Paimon; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
}}
'''''Lantern of the Wayfarer''''' is the eighth request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the eighth day of the event.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Huangshan]]
#Talk to Huangshan at the goods storage location
#Escort the [[Transport Balloon|transport balloon]] to [[Francis]]
#* Players get a 300-second (5 minutes) timer to escort the balloon
#* [[Treasure Hoarders]] and [[Hilichurls]] will spawn and attack the balloon along the way
#Talk to Francis
#Head to the designated location to look for Huangshan

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While most people from [[Liyue]] are enjoying the [[Lantern Rite]], guard-for-hire [[Huangshan]] is currently in a bit of a fix...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Huangshan)
:'''Huangshan:''' How am I supposed to deliver this...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Huangshan:''' You're a traveler, I'll wager. You're quite the lucky one, to have come to Liyue just as Lantern Rite is beginning. I, on the other hand, don't have much time for celebration...
:'''Huangshan:''' We native of Liyue have a tradition of releasing Xiao Lanterns during the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]]. Every year, the amount of lantern-making materials making the rounds through the trade routes is massive.
:'''Huangshan:''' And it might just be my imagination, but it feels like this year's got even more cargo than usual.
:'''Huangshan:''' It's all a little too much for me right now, and what's more, that merchant keeps rushing me, without any consideration for the road conditions here in Liyue...
:'''Huangshan:''' I'm of a mind to ask someone for help, but haven't been able to find anyone suitable. You up for an escort job?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
::'''Huangshan:''' Great! I like straightforward people. If only the person we were escorting was more like you...
::'''Huangshan:''' His name is Fran, uh... Francis. Ugh, I don't have a head for foreign names.
:{{DIcon}} A merchant from Fontaine?
::'''Huangshan:''' That's right. What was his name again... Fran... Francis? Ugh, foreign names are so hard to pronounce.
::'''Huangshan:''' I don't know what he wants with such a large batch of goods either, but... Well, so long as he's paying.
::'''Huangshan:''' Don't worry, you'll get your fair share once the work's done.
:'''Huangshan:''' If you're helping out, meet me at the place where the stores are being kept.
:'''Huangshan:''' I've marked that spot on your map. I'll be heading there first. Let's meet up in a bit.
----
;(Talk to Huangshan at the goods storage)
:'''Huangshan:''' Well, this is where we store the goods. I do realize that I'm troubling you to help out, so you just need to escort this one Transport Balloon.
:'''Huangshan:''' But let me just remind you, the cargo it carries is entirely made of fragile materials used in Xiao Lantern construction.
:'''Huangshan:''' It won't do if they get damaged or burned, so you have to be careful while you're out there on the road.
:'''Huangshan:''' Best be on your guard, monsters and Treasure Hoarders pass this way from time to time, too.
:'''Huangshan:''' Well, I'll leave this run to you. Just make sure the goods get to Francis safe and sound, and we'll meet afterwards on the bridge southwest of Chihu Rock.
----
;(While escorting)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, where did all this wind come from? Ah, look! There's a samachurl on that slope!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, why are the hilichurls being such a pain? We can't let them destroy the cargo.

;(Talk to Francis)
:;(Before the cargo arrives)
:'''Francis:''' Where's that cargo... My stomach's growling already...
:;(After the cargo arrives)
:'''Francis:''' These are... the goods I ordered. My word, they're finally here.
:'''Francis:''' From your style of dress, friend, you must also not be a Liyue local. Am I right in saying so?
:'''Francis:''' Ah, friend, I do not know if you have had the privilege of trying Liyue's delicacies, but they are lovely. Believe me, they are absolutely worth a try!
:'''Francis:''' Alright, now that my cargo has arrived, I can return to eating in peace.
----
;(Talk to Huangshan at the location)
:'''Huangshan:''' I've been in contact with Francis. He's received that batch of goods &mdash; thanks a lot.
:{{DIcon}} When did you do that?
:'''Huangshan:''' Haha, oh, not to worry. Guards for hire like myself are quicker on our feet than most, and when it comes to handovers... We're pretty quick there, too.
:'''Huangshan:''' It's thanks to your help that this run went smoothly. And just so you know, I'm a believer in reasonable pay for all. So give me a moment...
:{{DIcon}} Not taking a break for the Lantern Rite?
:'''Huangshan:''' In our line of business, you never know when there'll be work. Can't even be home for the Lantern Rite... But then again, it can't be helped.
:'''Huangshan:''' If you're traveling the world, you should go to Liyue to experience the Rite &mdash; everyone should be releasing Xiao Lanterns at this time.
:{{DIcon}} What about you?
::'''Huangshan:''' Oh, I do work outside the city year in and year out. Never quite had the time to release a Xiao Lantern.
:{{DIcon}} Have you released a Xiao Lantern yet?
::'''Huangshan:''' Not yet. Traveling guards like us don't have time for that sort of thing.
:'''Huangshan:''' If I had a ready-made one, it sure would be nice to release one for good luck, but I haven't the time to put a lantern together myself.
:'''Huangshan:''' I'm missing out on that festive cheer for sure, but I guess it doesn't matter that much...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't I make you one?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, leave this to me.
:'''Huangshan:''' Huh? You'll get one for me? You're... a pretty nice person, aren't you?
:;(After giving the Xiao Lantern)
:'''Huangshan:''' Oh, this Xiao Lantern's pretty good. Thanks! Let me see, what should I write...
:'''Huangshan:''' Ah, I don't think I can come up with anything good... Let's just go with "may everything go well," I guess.
:'''Huangshan:''' As long as all things go as I expect them to, I'll be thankful to Rex Lapis already.
:'''Huangshan:''' Oh yes, here's your compensation. Thanks so much for your help, and for that Xiao Lantern you gave me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lantern of the Wayfarer
|zhs     = 灯下未归人
|zhs_rm  = Dēng xià wèiguī rén
|zht     = 燈下未歸人
|zht_rm  = Dēng xià wèiguī rén
|zh_tl   = Unreturned (Wayfarer) under the Light
|ja      = 灯下の未帰人
|ja_rm   = Touka no mikaeri bito
|ja_tl   = Unreturned (Wayfarer) under the Light
|ko      = 등불과 돌아오지 않는 사람
|ko_tl   = Lantern and the Person Who Does Not Return
|es      = La linterna de la escolta
|es_tl   = The Guard's Lantern
|fr      = La lanterne de l'étranger
|fr_tl   = The Lantern of the Stranger
|ru      = Фонарь путника
|ru_tl   = Lantern of the Wayfarer
|th      = ใต้โคมจากผู้ลาไกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người không về dưới ánh đèn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Laterne des Wanderers
|de_tl   = Hiker's Lantern
|id      = Lentera Pengembara
|id_tl   = Traveler's Lantern
|pt      = Lanterna do Andarilho
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ru:Фонарь путника]]