{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41334
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]]
|requirement   = Complete [[Wangshu Once Again]]
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|characters    = Dummy; Huachu; Jianqiu; Mr. Zhu; Traveler; Uncle Liu; Zhenxiang
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''''Lantern Rite, Big Business?''''' is the seventh request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the seventh day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Mr. Zhu]]
# Give [[Xiao Lantern]] materials to [[Dummy]]
#*Obtain [[Dummy's Xiao Lantern]]
# Hang the Xiao Lantern on one side of the inn's door
# Hang the Xiao Lantern on the other side of the inn's door
# Meet Mr. Zhu  the following afternoon (12–18)
# Talk to Mr. Zhu
# Send out invitations to nearby people
#* The quest navigation leads the player to [[Zhenxiang]]
# Send out invitations to the people in the area
#* The quest navigation leads the player to [[Uncle Liu]]
# Report back to Mr. Zhu
# Cook a Delicious [[Jewelry Soup]]
# Give Delicious Jewelry Soup to Mr. Zhu
# Take a seat by the table
# Talk to [[Jianqiu]]
# Escort the two to a high point to release the Xiao Lantern
# Talk to Mr. Zhu

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Mr. Zhu]] seems to want to use the [[Lantern Rite]] to pick his business up.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mr. Zhu)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' There must be a way...
:{{DIcon}} A way to do what?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. You know how it's the time of the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]], right? Well, I was trying to think of a way to help give my business a bit of a boost during all the festivities.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Good location, nice scenery, and food... we've got plenty of that, too.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' I can see it now... They'll release the Mingxiao Lantern in the city, and here we've got tasty food, plenty to drink, and an incredible view &mdash; it's going to be spectacular!
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' This'll be my main selling point to attract more customers. What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} Will you really be able to see the Mingxiao Lantern from here?
:{{DIcon}} There's no way you'll be able to see the Mingxiao Lantern from here...
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Uh, of course you can see it from here... The lantern's so big that you'll certainly be able to see part of it, at least.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Anyway, we'll get to that when the time comes. First, I need to get the inn squared away for more guests.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Traveler, could I trouble you to collect some Xiao Lantern-making materials? I would like to hang some around the inn.
:{{DIcon}} I might as well assemble the lanterns while I'm at it...
:{{DIcon}} Only the materials?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' All I need are the materials. Constructing the lanterns can be quite time-consuming.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' So once you've collected the materials, just give them to Dummy and he'll take care of the rest. I'll be attending to other matters in the meantime.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Of course, I won't be letting you leave empty-handed. I'll be sure you're rewarded after some guests come and business picks up.
:{{DIcon}} And if there's no guests...
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Uh, well... Even if no guests show up, I'll still have something prepared for you. Don't worry about that.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' I'm sure more guests will start to arrive once the inn is put in good order.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' *cough* Just pass those materials to Dummy. I'll finalize your payment tomorrow based on the situation.

;(Talk to Mr. Zhu again)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' We really won't be able to see the Mingxiao Lantern from here?
----
;(Talk to Dummy)
:'''Dummy:''' Hmm, I think I'll still need to make a few more Xiao Lanterns...
:{{DIcon}} About materials for the Xiao Lanterns...
:'''Dummy:''' Oh right, you can just give the materials to me. I'll take it from here.
:;(Give the Xiao Lantern materials)
:'''Dummy:''' Thanks&mdash;I was just beginning to worry that we'd run out of materials.
:'''Dummy:''' Just give me a moment to make a few more Xiao Lanterns and we can hang them all up together.
:'''''Dummy begins constructing the Xiao Lanterns...'''''
:'''Dummy:''' ...And that should just about do it. Here, take these Xiao Lanterns and hang them beside the doors to the inn.
:'''Dummy:''' I still need to make a few more lanterns in case we need them later.
:;(Obtain [[Dummy's Xiao Lantern]] ×2)

;(Talk to Dummy again)
:'''Dummy:''' We'll need to make more Xiao Lanterns...
----
;(Talk to Mr. Zhu the following afternoon)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Strange, very strange indeed. I wonder what the matter is...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Hardly any guests came at all yesterday... How could that be? There should be loads of travelers for the festival...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's because hardly anyone ever passes through here...
:{{DIcon}} I doubt there'd be many people traveling outside during the Lantern Rite...
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' No, that can't be it... There must be something wrong with the way I'm trying to attract guests.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Perhaps it'd be better if I attracted guests more directly...
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Traveler, could you please go around and attract some guests for me?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' You can mention that we have good food, nice rooms, and an excellent view for the Lantern Rite Festival.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' I'll keep thinking if there are any other ways we can attract some guests...

;(Talk to Mr. Zhu again)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Very strange indeed... Still no guests.
----
;(Talk to Zhenxiang)
:'''Zhenxiang:''' Hello. Please wait while we perform a routine inspection.
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to stay at Mr. Zhu's inn?
:'''Zhenxiang:''' Oh? Yes, I have in fact heard about Mr. Zhu's inn.
:'''Zhenxiang:''' But I'm on duty now. I appreciate your kind offer, but I'm afraid I cannot just abandon my post.

;(Talk to Zhenxiang again)
:'''Zhenxiang:''' I appreciate your kind offer, but I'm afraid that I cannot abandon my post while I'm on duty.
----
;(Talk to Uncle Liu)
:'''Uncle Liu:''' Hmm? What is it, youngster?
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to stay at Mr. Zhu's inn?
:'''Uncle Liu:''' Oh, Mr. Zhu... Yes, I know the place.
:'''Uncle Liu:''' But I'm afraid that his inn is simply too far from here. These old legs couldn't handle such a journey, sorry.

;(Talk to Uncle Liu again)
:'''Uncle Liu:''' Sorry, the inn is simply too far from here. These old legs couldn't handle such a journey.
----
;(Talk to Mr. Zhu)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Right this way, please. Everything's already been prepared, so please have a seat.
:{{DIcon}} Mr. Zhu, who are these two...
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Ah yes, I was just out attracting guests when I ran into these two.
:'''Jianqiu:''' That's right, this lady is from [[Minghua Bank]], and I'm one of the bank employees.
:'''Jianqiu:''' The lady and I were just setting off on a distant journey at the start of the Lantern Rite. I'm afraid she feels a little homesick...
:'''Jianqiu:''' So we decided to find a spot to watch the Xiao Lanterns, which is when we happened to meet Mr. Zhu.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Yes, and it just so happens that we've just prepared new Xiao Lanterns for the inn. Hmm... was it Minghua Bank you said? Does that mean&mdash;
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Ahem, I shan't pry.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' You two must be exhausted from your journey. Please have a rest while we prepare some food for you.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Traveler, could you lend us a hand again? We'll need to quickly prepare some food for our two guests.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Please prepare a serving of Delicious Jewelry Soup. I'll be sure to compensate you accordingly once things are all settled.
:;(Huachu and Jianqiu have a seat)
----
;(Talk to Mr. Zhu again)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Please hurry with the Delicious Jewelry Soup. It's hard enough to get guests as it is, we mustn't disappoint them.

;(Talk to Huachu)
:'''Huachu:''' I'm sorry, it's just that I...
:'''Jianqiu:''' Don't say that. Let's just enjoy watching the Xiao Lanterns while we still may...
----
;(Talk to Mr. Zhu)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' So, is the food ready?
:{{DIcon}} It certainly is
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Okay, great. These are all the dishes we needed. Thank you.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Sorry to keep you waiting, hehe. Here's your food, please enjoy.
:'''Jianqiu:''' Thank you, Mr. Zhu. Also, this Traveler has gone to great lengths to help with everything. We'd be delighted if {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} could join us.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
:'''Jianqiu:''' Hehe, judging from your appearance, you must also be a traveler on some distant journey. The festival makes for a fitting time for people to come together, share a meal, and enjoy a lively time with one another.
:'''Huachu:''' Yes. In fact, would you also care to join us, Mr. Zhu?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Oh, uh... Yes, I&mdash;I'd be delighted.
:;(Mr. Zhu takes a seat)

;(Talk to Mr. Zhu again)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Good work, Traveler. Please, have a seat and join us.
----
;(Take a seat)
:'''''Everyone begins eating...'''''
:'''Jianqiu:''' Thank you for your service. Here's some Mora, please check the amount.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Sure thing. This Mora will be plenty. Now, will you two travelers be continuing further on your journey, or will you return to the city?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' I've heard that the Mingxiao Lantern will be particularly impressive this year.
:'''Huachu:''' We...
:'''Jianqiu:''' We'll be sure to go see it if we get chance. Thanks for letting us know, Mr. Zhu.
:'''Huachu:''' Excuse me, Mr. Zhu. Would you be willing to sell us one of your Xiao Lanterns?
:'''Huachu:''' Even if we don't get the opportunity to see the Mingxiao Lantern in the city, it would still be nice to release a Xiao Lantern, right?
:'''Jianqiu:''' Yes, it is Lantern Rite after all.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Sure, no problem at all! I just happen to have a few new Xiao Lanterns that were just made today.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Here, you may have this lantern free of charge. It is the Lantern Rite after all, you may keep your Mora.
:'''Jianqiu:''' Thank you, Mr. Zhu. Do you know of a suitable place to release the lantern nearby?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' A place to release a Xiao Lantern, huh? Let me think, it should somewhere higher up... Ah yes, I remember that there should be some suitable places if you follow this road further up the mountain.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' However, there's been word of monsters appearing on the mountain, so you two should be careful.
:;(Everyone leaves the table)

;(Talk to Mr. Zhu again)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' I need to go attract some guests. I'll give you your reward a little later.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Hmm... Minghua Bank... Minghua Bank.
----
;(Talk to Jianqiu)
:'''Jianqiu:''' Traveler, I'm sorry to trouble you, but... Would you be willing to escort us up the mountain to release the Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} You can count on me.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you return to the city?
:'''Jianqiu:''' My apologies. I'm afraid we cannot return to the city at this time because of... certain matters.
:'''Jianqiu:''' As such, we'll require your protection on the mountain. We can leave whenever you're ready.
:'''Jianqiu:''' After we release the Xiao Lantern, we'll continue on our way.
----
;(Approach the location)
:'''Jianqiu:''' Have you written your wish on the Xiao Lantern?
:'''Huachu:''' Yes, I've already written it. It's just that... I don't know if it could ever come true.
:'''Jianqiu:''' It will, I know it will.
:'''Huachu:''' I hope so... And you? Have you written your wish on the lantern as well?
:'''Jianqiu:''' Oh, me? Hehe... No, I don't need to wish for anything.
----
;(Reach the location)
:'''Jianqiu:''' This would actually be a very suitable place to release the Xiao Lantern. Thank you, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} You're welcome.
:'''Jianqiu:''' I just hope... that her wish will come true.
:'''Huachu:''' ...
:'''Jianqiu:''' Thank you, Traveler. We should be on our way now.
----
;(Talk to Mr. Zhu)
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Ah, you're back. *sigh* It's been difficult to attract guests during the festival...
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Huh, what about the two guests that were here earlier? Have they left already?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, they've continued on their journey.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Oh, I see... Leaving on a journey during the Lantern Rite mustn't be easy for them.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Huh, now that you mention it... Regardless of whether they were heading towards or away from Liyue, don't you find it a little strange that they continued their journey without stopping for the night?
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' When I met them earlier, it was clear from their expressions that they didn't know which way to go.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' They even jumped when I called after them, and there was a something a bit off about their attire as well...
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Oh, forget about it... Here's the compensation I'd promised you earlier.
:'''Mr. Zhu:''' Thanks for all your help. I'll get back to matters at the inn now.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lantern Rite, Big Business?
|zhs     = 海灯节，大生意？
|zhs_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié, dà shēngyì?
|zht     = 海燈節，大生意？
|zht_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié, dà shēngyì?
|zh_tl   = Lantern Rite, Big Business?
|ja      = 海灯祭、大商売？
|ja_rm   = Umitou-sai, dai shoubai?
|ja_tl   = Lantern Rite, Big Business?
|ko      = 해등절, 큰 거래?
|ko_rm   = Haedeungjeol, Keun Georae?
|ko_tl   = Sea Lantern Festival, Big Business?
|es      = ¿Un gran negocio durante el Rito de la Linterna?
|es_tl   = A Big Business During the Lantern Rite?
|fr      = Qui dit festival, dit affaires florissantes ?
|fr_tl   = Who Says Festival, Says Flourishing Business?
|ru      = Успешный бизнес в праздничное время?
|ru_tl   = Successful Business During Festive Time?
|th      = Lantern Rite... การค้าเฟื่องฟู?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tết Hải Đăng, kèo làm ăn lớn?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Laternenritual, ein großes Geschäft?
|de_tl   = Lantern Ritual, Big Business?
|id      = Bisnis Besar Lantern Rite?
|id_tl   = Lantern Rite Big Business?
|pt      = Ritual de Lanternas, Grandes Negócios?
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ja:海灯祭、大商売？]]