{{EventTabs
|subpage1=Theater Mechanicus
|subpage2=Lantern Rite Tales
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|type            = Event
|actType         = Part
|act1            = The Origin of the Lanterns
|storyQuestReq1  = [[Xiao]] Act I: [[Alatus Chapter]]
|act2            = Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns
|act3            = Light Upon the Sea
}}
==Part I - The Origin of the Lanterns==
{{Main|The Origin of the Lanterns}}
At the start of the Lantern Rite festival, [[Verr Goldet]] asks the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] to look out for [[Xiao]], and perhaps even entice him to experience the festival. Just having dealt with the [[Starsnatcher]] situation and unexpectedly meeting the spirit of the fallen [[Yaksha]] [[Pervases]], however, the two believe it is not the best time to disturb Xiao.

Instead, they head to Liyue Harbor to experience the festival for themselves. They speak to people around the city, helping out and finding out more about the festival. This year, the Mingxiao Lantern &mdash; a massive lantern built using materials contributed by people throughout the city &mdash; is dedicated to a late [[adeptus]] named [[Skybracer]], who saved [[Mt. Tianheng]] from collapsing by sacrificing his antlers and continuing to battle the enemy god until his death.

==Part II - Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns==
{{Main|Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns}}
Work on the Mingxiao Lantern is at full swing, which presents a problem when the Traveler and Paimon encounter a suspicious individual loitering around some highly-flammable materials right near the lantern. Fearing that this man plans on ruining the festival &mdash; and the food, which is Paimon's concern &mdash; they decide take matters into their own hands. As they go to confront the individual, however, they see him running off, with Xiao watching. Because this matter relates to the mortal world, and not the one of demons or gods, Xiao relegates the task of resolving the incident in their hands and departs.

Having found a strange symbol left behind by the suspect, the two return to Mondstadt to consult [[Kaeya]]. He reveals it to be the [[Treasure Hoarders]]' symbol and sets them up with his informant, [[Nimrod]]. Nimrod tells them that a strange letter arrived in the hands of the Treasure Hoarders a few days ago, and the Traveler goes to investigate. After defeating the Treasure Hoarders with Xiao's help and obtaining the letter, they decide to meet with this individual in the Treasure Hoarders' stead &mdash; which the Traveler takes advantage of to don the [[Fatui]] disguise [[Diluc]] gave them while resolving the Stormterror incident.

After defeating the suspect at their meeting location, they realized that the man's plan was much less devious than they thought... and much less practical. That he was found around flammable materials was a coincidence &mdash; what he really wanted was to cut the tethers on the plaustrite, somehow get it to stop floating, and hide it in the ocean as the "perfect heist." After pointing out the stupidity of his plan, the two hand him over to the Millelith.

==Part III - Light Upon the Sea==
{{Main|Light Upon the Sea}}
With the help of Xiao, Kaeya, and the Millelith, the Traveler has foiled a "plot" that has left them not knowing whether to laugh or cry and have succeeded in bringing the foolish criminal behind it to justice and handing them over to the Millelith. The Traveler and Paimon then head to Wangshu Inn to report the results of the matter to Xiao and ask if he really isn't going to see the Mingxiao Lantern. Although Xiao says he's not interested, Paimon decides to talk to [[Verr Goldet]], the boss of the Wangshu Inn, to see what they can do.

Upon talking to Verr Goldet and her husband, [[Huai'an]] suggests in jest that it'd be easier to bring the festival to Xiao instead of the other way around. The Traveler and Paimon like this idea and together they all begin setting up stalls and festivities around the inn. After completing their preparations, they invite Xiao over and have a leisurely holiday meal.

After finishing their meal, the Traveler and Paimon start heading back to Liyue Harbor to see the Mingxiao Lantern. Before leaving, the Traveler tries to convince Xiao to come along one more time, to which he still declines. But the Traveler and Paimon hatch a plan to bring Xiao to the outskirts of the city where he could still see the Mingxiao Lantern by convincing Xiao they need an escort to protect them along the road to the city. Once the group arrives at the outskirts of Liyue Harbor, Xiao says his goodbyes and reiterates his disinterest in the festival and the Traveler proceeds into the city. After night falls, the Mingxiao Lantern lights up the night sky as Xiao looks on in wonder.

==Lantern Rite Tales==
{{Main|Lantern Rite/Lantern Rite Tales|l1=Lantern Rite Tales}}
There are a total of 26 Festive [[World Quests]], also known as requests. Each day, after completing the precursor quest, NPCs will require your help. After completing each request, the NPCs will hand out a Xiao Lantern Blessing with a message on it. For the messages, see [[Lantern Rite/Lantern Rite Tales#Xiao Lantern Blessings|Lantern Rite Tales, Xiao Lantern Blessings]].

===Lantern Rite Tales I===
Precursor quest: [[City of Chores]]
{{column|2|
*[[Verses and Vistas of Lantern Rite (Part I)]]
*[[Hammer and Wrench]]
*[[The Illumiscreen: I]]
*[[A Festive First Adventure]]
*[[Keeping Wanmin's Patrons Fed]]
*[[Iron Ingot Meets Ziwei]]
*[[Mondstadters in Liyue]]
*[[Outspoken Linling]]
*[[Little Lantern, Little Wish]]
}}

===Lantern Rite Tales II===
Precursor quest: [[Wangshu Once Again]]
{{column|2|
*[[The Illumiscreen: II]]
*[[Where the Light Wanes]]
*[[Promises Remembered as Lanterns Rise]]
*[[Yesteryear's Lanterns and the Guhua of Today]]
*[[A Very Festive Problem]]
*[[Lantern of the Wayfarer]]
*[[When Scholar and Legends Meet]]
}}

===Lantern Rite Tales III===
Precursor quest: [[Guests in Qingce]]
{{column|2|
*[[The Illumiscreen: III]]
*[[Guardians of the Countryside]]
*[[Qingce's Lanterns]]
*[[The Gift of a Lantern]]
*[[Verses and Vistas of Lantern Rite (Part II)]]
}}

==Event NPCs==
The following [[NPC]]s only appear as part of this event, either as regular NPCs that appear in the open world or as quest-only NPCs:

{| class="article-table sortable" style="text-align:center;"
!NPC !! Open World !! Quests !! class="unsortable"|Notes
|-
|[[Ruijin]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || align="left"|NPC for the [[Theater Mechanicus]] minigame.
|-
|[[Xiaoyan]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Wang'ya]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || align="left"|Appears in several quests; see [[Wang'ya#Events|her page]] for details.
|-
|[[Yi'nian]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || align="left"|Sells Lantern Rite special dishes.
|}

==NPC Interactions==
The following is a list of regular (not event-exclusive) NPCs who appear in Event Quests and/or have unique idle quotes and dialogue for the Lantern Rite event.

{| class="article-table sortable" style="text-align:center;"
! Name !! Quests !! Idle Quotes !! Dialogue
|-
| [[Andrei]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Andrei|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Andrei|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Aunt Qiao]] || {{check|yes|Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Bibo]] || {{check|yes|Outspoken Linling}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Brother Qian]] || {{check|yes|Brother Qian|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Brother Qian|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Caspar]] || {{check|yes|Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Changchang]] || {{check|yes|Changchang|Events}} || {{check|yes|Changchang|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Changchang|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Changshun]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Changshun|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Changshun|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Chef Mao]] || {{check|yes|Keeping Wanmin's Patrons Fed}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Chen the Sharp]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Chen the Sharp|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Degui]] || {{check|yes|Outspoken Linling}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Dugu Shuo]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Dugu Shuo|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Dugu Shuo|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Dummy]] || {{check|yes|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Dusky Ming]] || {{check|yes|Promises Remembered as Lanterns Rise}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Flash-Fist Ling]] || {{check|yes|Where the Light Wanes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Freki]] || {{check|yes|Mondstadters in Liyue}} || {{check|yes|Freki|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Freki|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Changshun]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Changshun|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Changshun|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Guanhai]] || {{check|yes|A Very Festive Problem}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Geri]] || {{check|yes|Mondstadters in Liyue}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Hammer Li]] || {{check|yes|Hammer Li|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Herbalist Gui]] || {{check|yes|A Very Festive Problem}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Holderlin]] || {{check|yes|Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Huachu]] || {{check|yes|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Huangshan]] || {{check|yes|Lantern of the Wayfarer}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Iron Ingot]] || {{check|yes|Iron Ingot Meets Ziwei}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Ivanovich]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Ivanovich|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Ivanovich|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Jianqiu]] || {{check|yes|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Jiangxue]] || {{check|yes|Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Kun]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Kun|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Kun|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Linlang]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|spec|Linlang|Idle Quotes}}<br /><ref group="Note">Linlang's daytime idle quote and dialogue are unique; nighttime versions are same as normal</ref> || {{check|spec|Linlang|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Linling]] || {{check|yes|Outspoken Linling}} || {{check|yes|Linling|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Linling|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Little Que'er]] || {{check|yes|Yesteryear's Lanterns and the Guhua of Today}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Manager Xiao]] || {{check|yes|Outspoken Linling}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Mengmeng]] || {{check|yes|Little Lantern, Little Wish}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Musheng]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Musheng|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Nervous An|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Mr. Bohuan]] || {{check|yes|Promises Remembered as Lanterns Rise}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Mr. Zhu]] || {{check|yes|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Nadia]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Nadia|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Nadia|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Nervous An]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Nervous An|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Nervous An|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Qingzhou]] || {{check|yes|Qingzhou|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Smiley Yanxiao]] || {{check|yes|Smiley Yanxiao|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Soraya]] || {{check|yes|When Scholar and Legends Meet}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Sun Yu]] || {{check|yes|Yesteryear's Lanterns and the Guhua of Today}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Uncle Liu]] || {{check|yes|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Vermeer]] || {{check|yes|Vermeer|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Verr Goldet]] || {{check|yes|Verr Goldet|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Vlad]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Vlad|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Vlad|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Wrench Wang]] || {{check|yes|Wrench Wang|Events}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Yi Xian]] || {{check|yes|Yi Xian|Events}} || {{check|yes|Yi Xian|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Yi Xian|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Yi Zhu]] || {{check|yes|Yi Zhu|Events}} || {{check|spec|Yi Zhu|Idle Quotes}}<br /><ref group="Note">Yi Zhu's daytime idle quote and both versions of his dialogue are unique; nighttime idle quote is the same as normal</ref> || {{check|yes|Yi Zhu|Lantern Rite}}
|-
| [[Yu]] || {{check|yes|Little Lantern, Little Wish}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Zhenxiang]] || {{check|yes|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Zhihua]] || {{check|yes|A Very Festive Problem}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Zhiruo]] || {{check|yes|Yesteryear's Lanterns and the Guhua of Today}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Zhuyu]] || {{check|yes|Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Ziwei]] || {{check|yes|Iron Ingot Meets Ziwei}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lantern Rite
|zhs     = 海灯节
|zhs_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié
|zht     = 海燈節
|zht_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié
|zh_tl   = Sea Lantern Festival
|ja      = 海灯祭
|ja_rm   = Kaitou-sai
|ja_tl   = Sea Lantern Festival
|ko      = 해등절
|ko_rm   = Haedeungjeol
|ko_tl   = Sea Lantern Festival
|es      = Rito de la Linterna
|es_tl   = Lantern Rite
|fr      = Festival des Lanternes
|fr_tl   = Lanterns Festival
|ru      = Праздник морских фонарей
|ru_tl   = Sea Lantern Festival
|th      = เทศกาล Lantern Rite
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tết Hải Đăng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Laternenritual
|de_tl   = Lantern Rite
|id      = Lantern Rite
|pt      = Ritual de Lanternas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ru:Праздник морских фонарей/История]]