{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75506
|image         = Event Quest Last Ride of the Bugbuster Squad.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Aphid Treasure Trace
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ororon; Paimon; Traveler; Xilonen
|startLocation = [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Aphid Treasure
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*4;Scarlet Phlogiston Honey Pearl*1
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Last Ride of the Bugbuster Squad''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Aphid Treasure Trace]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following day
# Go to the final area where Abyssal Aphids were spotted
# Capture the Abyssal Aphids
# Talk to Xilonen

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The work of catching Abyssal Aphids is making steady progress, and today is the final mission...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After passing time)
:'''Paimon:''' We've still got one last place to go, come on!

;(Talk to Xilonen)
:'''Xilonen:''' Hey, you're here. This is the last place where the Abyssal Aphid was spotted.
:'''Paimon:''' So, we're done if we catch it here, right?
:'''Xilonen:''' Pretty much. Even if a few manage to get away, it's not a big deal. I'll find time to deal with them.
:'''Xilonen:''' I already heard from the tribe that the patients have taken a turn for the better over the last few days.
:'''Paimon:''' That's great news!
:'''Xilonen:''' Though, there is one fly in the ointment: Your conspiracy theory turned out to be just that, Paimon.
:'''Xilonen:''' Seems like those fruit just grow naturally where the Aphids tend to congregate.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon never expected some kinda Fatui... or Treasure Hoarder... or some other kind of mastermind behind the scenes... Paimon was just showing the kind of sensible caution any guide worth her salt would have!
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure you'll always be vigilant, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that's a given!
:'''Xilonen:''' Alright, let's hurry up and wrap this up then.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay! Bugbuster Squad, move out! Time for our final battle!

;(After capturing the Aphid)
:'''Ororon:''' Xilonen? {{Traveler}}, Paimon, you two as well? Hello!
:{{Introductory Note|Ororon}}
:'''Xilonen:''' Ororon? What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Have you recovered?
:'''Ororon:''' Thank you for your concern. Granny spent a few days pouring bitter stuff down my throat and forcing me to rest, and I'm much better now.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Ororon! Are you here to help Xilonen catch Aphids?
:'''Ororon:''' Aphids? Oh! So you were the ones who kidnapped Hundred Percent Sweetness...
:'''Ororon:''' No wonder Extreme Sweetness and Unusually Sweet also disappeared... It was you all along.
:'''Xilonen:''' Uh... Are those all the names of Aphids?
:'''Ororon:''' Yep.
:'''Ororon:''' It makes it easier to tell them apart. I don't actually judge them, after all, they're still amazing even if they don't produce honeydew.
:'''Paimon:''' So... These Aphids... were all raised by you?
:'''Ororon:''' Actually, I don't really do much that would interfere with their natural behaviors. We just happen to live in the same territory. It's a kind of relationship where we just get along with each other.
:'''Xilonen:''' Uh... Sorry, I had no idea. But they were contaminated by the Abyss, which was affecting the tribe, so we had to take care of that.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right! ...And we didn't harm them, either, just so you know!
:'''Ororon:''' Really? That's good. Still, no need to worry, it's not a big deal. In fact, I myself came here to deal with that problem.
:'''Ororon:''' But I must set the record straight. The Aphids weren't contaminated by the Abyss. They're smart little creatures who chose to eat the Abyssal energy.
:'''Paimon:''' Say what now? They chose to eat it?
:'''Ororon:''' Exactly. They only eat a little bit at a time. Though that little bit is enough to make their bodies expand, but it won't kill them.
:'''Ororon:''' After a while, they'll fly somewhere far away, and then create Phlogiston Honey Pearls that bind up the contaminants inside.
:'''Ororon:''' The outer shell of the Pearl acts as a barrier against the contamination, and this way, they can slowly strip away the Abyssal energy from their home.
:'''Ororon:''' Though the process must be repeated over and over and over, but they're all patient critters. Even if the ants move, it isn't a problem.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... So they're protecting their home...
:'''Xilonen:''' First I've heard of it as well. So they know the land is being invaded, too.
:'''Ororon:''' Yes, Hundred Percent Sweetness and the rest have been fighting hard! They're all really great, capable Aphids.
:{{DIcon}} Guess that's "Natlan, the Nation of War" for you.
:'''Xilonen:''' Though, Ororon, how did you find this place?
:'''Ororon:''' Oh, that's because I fed them some Numberry seeds. They can't digest them, so it doesn't take long for them to excrete them.
:'''Ororon:''' After the seeds hit the ground, they grow quickly, turning into fruiting bushes. If I follow the bushes, I can find them.
:'''Ororon:''' Then I gather the Honey Pearls they produce and take care of them, and then use more Numberries to bring them back.
:'''Ororon:''' But it seems like you guys have already done all that for me, and didn't harm them in the process. Really, I'm very grateful to you all.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's what was going on with the Numberries! Paimon was draining all her brain juice trying to figure out if there was some kind of plot behind them...
:'''Ororon:''' Huh? Did I cause you any trouble?
:'''Paimon:''' No, not at all! Don't worry about it!
:'''Xilonen:''' Ororon, rest assured that we will return all the Abyss-cleaning Aphids back to you, just as they were.
:'''Ororon:''' That would be just perfect! They're all very important living beings, and must be treated well.
:'''Ororon:''' Well, since the problem's already taken care of, I'll see you all later! Feel free to drop by and visit me next time, I'll take you to see some other good friends of mine.
:{{DIcon}} Then I'll be looking forward to it. Until next time.
:'''Xilonen:''' Phew! I never imagined {{sic|thing|expected=things}} would turn out quite like this. That Ororon sure is a master of "surprises."
:'''Xilonen:''' And thank you both. Without the two of you around, this would've been one boring trip.
:'''Xilonen:''' This is for you. It's an uncontaminated Phlogiston Honey Pearl. Don't worry, it's not valuable.
:'''Xilonen:''' Just think of it like a memento, something to remember these tiny warriors who fight for Natlan by.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Last Ride of the Bugbuster Squad
|zhs      = 捉虫小队最后出击
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 抓蟲小隊最後出擊
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 虫捕り隊の最後の出撃
|ja_rm    = Mushitori-tai no Saigo no Shutsugeki
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 벌레 포획팀<->의 마지막 출동
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Última misión del Escuadrón Cazabejas
|es_tl    = Last Mission of the Bee-Hunting Squadron
|fr       = Baroud d'honneur de l'Escadron de capture
|fr_tl    = Last Stand of the Capture Squad
|ru       = Последняя атака отряда охотников за насекомыми
|ru_tl    = Last Attack of the Insect Hunter Squad
|th       = ทีมจับแมลงออกลุยครั้งสุดท้าย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tiểu Đội Bắt Bọ, Xuất Phát Lần Cuối!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Läusefänger, los geht’s!
|de_tl    = Lice Catcher, Here We Go!
|id       = Mobilisasi Terakhir Pasukan Pembasmi Hama
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Última Missão do Esquadrão Caça-Insetos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Haşere Timinin Son Macerası
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = L'ultima missione della Squadra Acchiappainsetti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

[[pt-br:Última Missão do Esquadrão Caça-Insetos]]
[[ru:Последняя атака отряда охотников за насекомыми]]
[[vi:Tiểu Đội Bắt Bọ, Xuất Phát Lần Cuối!]]