{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Laurel Coronet.png
|set   = Deepwood Memories
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|This crown was bestowed by the [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|deity with dominion over plants and trees]]. It was an heirloom of the royal house of the labyrinth. It was, at last, made the inheritance of the [[Cinnamon|king's attendant]].}}
'''Laurel Coronet''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Deepwood Memories]].

==Description==
There is a time appointed for all things to live and die, and the cycle continues on forever,<br>
Thus did the [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|ruler of trees]] once preach the cycle of life.<br>
All things that die will gain new life in some other form,<br>
And all things that decay will sprout pure and tender new shoots.<br>
Fruits that fall upon the land will feed the beasts of the land,<br>
And the beasts will return to the land and themselves become fruits.<br>
The forests were always full of life.

Legend has it that when the god of trees created [[Dharma Forest|a forest]] amidst the sands,<br>
The first order of the day was to create [[Varuna|a device]] that could call forth the rains.<br>
Thus did the bright moon reflect the patterns of light from the labyrinth upon the water,<br>
And from this was the "tiger" born.

The tiger's stripes were ever-changing, resembling the forest's branches,<br>
And thus did it become the ruler of the jungle, whose name was [[Viaghara]].<br>
The blessed lord of the forest walked amidst the garden, head held high,<br>
Ruling over the primates, the birds, and the beasts of the labyrinth.

Later, the seeds of the pomegranates fell upon the soil and gave birth to the [[Aranara|forest spirits]].<br>
Thus did the lord of the forest bless them under the [[Fane of Ashvattha|first Vasara Tree]], and made a pact with the divine,<br>
To share the labyrinth with them, and to command the birds and beasts not to harm them.

Though the sun's light was [[Cataclysm|shrouded for a time]], the flowing water was once corrupted,<br>
And the final forest lord died in defense of the nurseries of life,<br>
A [[Rishboland Tiger|large whiskered cat]] succeeded that regal name,<br>
And guarded the woodland creatures in imitation of that lord.<br>
Though it could not match even an iota of that lord's might,<br>
It would keep the promise and protect the forest,<br>
Nor would it ever attempt to harm the guardian spirits of the trees.<br>
Yes, though the ever-changing labyrinth has perished,<br>
The forest is still filled with life.

==Trivia==
*This artifact's description ties into the domain entrance description for [[The Coordinates of Sun and Rain]].
*The phrase "There is a time appointed for all things to live and die" is also used in the description of the [[Catalyst]] [[A Thousand Floating Dreams]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = {{w|Laurus nobilis|Laurel}} Coronet
|zhs     = 月桂的宝冠
|zhs_rm  = Yuèguì de Bǎoguān
|zht     = 月桂的寶冠
|zht_rm  = Yuèguì de Bǎoguān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 月桂の宝冠
|ja_rm   = Gekkei no Houkan
|ja_tl   = Bejeweled Crown of Laurels
|ko      = 월계수 왕관
|ko_tl   = Laurel Crown
|es      = Corona Láurea
|es_tl   = Laurel Crown
|fr      = Couronne de laurier
|fr_tl   = Laurel Wreath
|ru      = Лавровый венец
|ru_tl   = Laurel Wreath
|th      = Laurel Coronet
|vi      = Vương Miện Của Nguyệt Quế
|vi_tl   = Crown of Laurels
|de      = Unschätzbarer Lorbeerkranz
|de_tl   = Invaluable Laurel Wreath
|id      = Laurel Coronet
|pt      = Diadema Láurea
|pt_tl   = Laurel Diadem
|tr      = Defne Tacı
|tr_tl   = Laurel Crown
|it      = Corona d'alloro
|it_tl   = Laurel Coronet
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Deepwood Memories}}

[[fr:Couronne de laurier]]
[[id:Laurel Coronet]]
[[ja:月桂の宝冠]]
[[tr:Defne Tacı]]
[[vi:Vương Miện Của Nguyệt Quế]]
[[zh:月桂的寶冠]]