{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Lavawalker's Epiphany.png
|set   = Lavawalker
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A legendary goblet that can withstand extremely high temperatures. It still retains a degree of warmth even though it is now empty.}}
'''Lavawalker's Epiphany''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Lavawalker]].

==Description==
A goblet that once contained lava. Now empty, it still has a slight hint of warmth.<br>This goblet once belonged to a sage known as the Lavawalker.<br>Wisdom flowed from within.

The Lavawalker would toy with the goblet. Even in the blazing heat, it remained intact.<br>Legend has it that the Lavawalker would drink lava from this goblet as if it were a glass of fine wine.<br>But while fine wine evaporates in high heat, the wisdom of the sage could withstand a trial by fire.

To the Lavawalker, fine wine was merely a catalyst in the process of producing ingenuity.<br>Aided by alcohol, even the slightest spark can combust into a brilliant idea.

The goblet was a silent witness to the forging of wisdom amidst the flames.<br>The moment before the Lavawalker set off on his final journey was when the goblet was filled with the most pride.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Lavawalker's Epiphany
|zhs      = 渡火者的醒悟
|zhs_rm   = Dù Huǒ Zhě de Xǐngwù
|zht      = 渡火者的醒悟
|zht_rm   = Dù Huǒ Zhě de Xǐngwù
|zh_tl    = Awakening and Realization of the Fire Walker
|ja       = 火渡りの悟り
|ja_rm    = Hiwatari no Satori
|ja_tl    = Fire Walker's Enlightenment
|ko       = 불 위를 걷는 자의 깨달음
|ko_rm    = Bul Wi-reul Geonneun Ja-ui Kkaedareum
|ko_tl    = Enlightment of Fire Walker
|es       = Despertar del Corredor de Lava
|es_tl    = Awakening of the Lava Runner
|fr       = Éveil du Marcheur du feu
|fr_tl    = Awakening of the Fire Walker
|ru       = Просветление ступающего по лаве
|ru_tl    = Lavawalker's Enlightment
|th       = Epipany of Lavawalker
|vi       = Sự Tỉnh Ngộ Của Người Vượt Lửa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Erleuchtung des Lavaläufers
|de_tl    = Enlightenment of the Lavarunner
|id       = Lavawalker's Epiphany
|pt       = Despertamento do Corredor de Lava
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Lavdagezenin Uyanışı
|tr_tl    = Lavawalker's Awakening
|it       = Rivelazione dell'Attraversafuochi
|it_tl    = Firecrosser's Revelation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Lavawalker}}

[[fr:Éveil du Marcheur du feu]]
[[ja:火渡りの悟り]]
[[tr:Lavdagezenin Uyanışı]]
[[uk:Усвідомлення крокуючого лавою]]
[[vi:Sự Tỉnh Ngộ Của Người Vượt Lửa]]
[[zh:渡火者的醒悟]]