{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Lavawalker's Wisdom.png
|set   = Lavawalker
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|The circlet of a sage who traversed a sea of fire. It once shone brightly from their ancient silhouette as they stood strong amidst the flames.}}
'''Lavawalker's Wisdom''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Lavawalker]].

==Description==
An ancient circlet that once belonged to the Lavawalker — a sage who wandered in the Mare Jivari.<br />Upon close examination, one can almost see his figure standing strong amidst the fiery flames.

The wandering sage of the Mare Jivari known as the Lavawalker crafted this circlet from crimson agate to resist the intense heat of the flames.<br />The circlet was built with wisdom and tenacity. It sparked fear and jealousy among peers and seniors alike.

"How dare the Lavawalker challenge the flames of the Mare Jivari!<br />Such blasphemy has not been seen in hundreds of years!<br />The flaming sea will surely devour this arrogant young man and the sky will blow his ashes into the void."

In his jealousy, the teacher demanded that his student step into the flaming sea wearing the circlet.<br />In a state of calmness, the Lavawalker strolled onto the lava and gradually disappeared into the horizon.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lavawalker's Wisdom
|zhs     = 渡火者的智慧
|zhs_rm  = Dù Huǒ Zhě de Zhìhuì
|zht     = 渡火者的智慧
|zht_rm  = Dù Huǒ Zhě de Zhìhuì
|zh_tl   = Fire Walker's Wisdom
|ja      = 火渡りの知恵
|ja_rm   = Hiwatari no Chie
|ja_tl   = Fire Walker's Wisdom
|ko      = 불 위를 걷는 자의 지혜
|ko_rm   = Bul Wi-reul Geonneun Ja-ui Jihye
|ko_tl   = Wisdom of Fire Walker
|es      = Sabiduría del Corredor de Lava
|es_tl   = Wisdom of the Lava Runner
|fr      = Sagesse du Marcheur du feu
|fr_tl   = Wisdom of the Fire Walker
|ru      = Мудрость ступающего по лаве
|ru_tl   = Lavawalker's Wisdom
|th      = Wisdom of Lavawalker
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trí Tuệ Người Vượt Lửa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Vernunft des Lavaläufers
|de_tl   = Rationality of the Lavarunner
|id      = Lavawalker's Wisdom
|pt      = Sabedoria do Corredor de Lava
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Lavdagezenin Bilgeliği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Saggezza dell'Attraversafuochi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Lavawalker}}

[[fr:Sagesse du Marcheur du feu]]
[[ja:火渡りの知恵]]