{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Layla
|id             = 368159
|image          = Character Layla Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Layla''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Sleep quality...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Report...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The starry sky...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Sleepwalking...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Time to study...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} No need to worry...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} When?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo layla mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' How many reports do I still have left to write...? Four... Oh, no, five...
:{{A|vo layla mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ugh, no no no... I gotta stop worrying so much about everything! The whole point of me taking a vacation was to come here and relax.
:{{A|vo layla mimitomo hello 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' {{Traveler}}? When did you get back?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, don't worry, I've got everything I need here, no complaints at all.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Usually, I'm pretty picky about whether the place has any pesky bugs flying around...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You know, the kind that keep buzzing around the room and distracting you.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, you mean Cicins?
:::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah! Those are the ones!
::{{DIcon}} You mean Fireflies?
:::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No, not those... Oh, c'mon, I'm not an entomology major and even I know that Fireflies aren't anything like what I'm talking about.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' They may be tiny, but when they go buzzing right by your ear in the dead of the night... BZZT! Ugh, it's so annoying.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I used to always lose sleep because of those pests, but thankfully there's nothing like that here.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's tidy and peaceful here. Practically an oasis for insomniacs like me!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sure, that would be nice.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, lemme think about what would be interesting for you... Ah, I know!
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The Sighing Spirit of the Laboratory... ever heard of it?
::{{DIcon}} What's that?
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hehe, so there are *some* things you don't know then.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, so get this: There's this creepy laboratory in our institute where strange things happen.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Several people say that when they've walked by that lab at night, they heard the sound of someone sighing inside.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But then, when they opened the door to check, the room was completely dark and there was nobody inside.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Weird stuff like this happens a couple of times a week. And it's bad luck for the one who hears it: It means you'll flunk your next exam.
::{{DIcon}} Seriously?
::{{DIcon}} Sounds a little superstitious to me...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? You don't believe it? Just ask my classmates, almost everyone will tell you the same.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And even the ones who don't believe it still go out of their way to avoid that place.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Nobody wants to risk failing their exams, you know.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Things I want to do? Let's see, where to start...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm... I can think of a dozen things just off the top of my head. Take a really nice nap, walk all around this beautiful place...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But if you mean what I want to do most, right here and now, then... I guess it'd be to simply do nothing.
::{{DIcon}} Nothing at all?
::{{DIcon}} Why'd you say so?
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh! Uh, I mean, you're so nice and all, and everything here just makes me feel so comfortable...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I didn't mean there's anything wrong with this place. That's not what I'm trying to say at all!
::{{DIcon}} It's okay, just speak your mind.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ahem... Okay, thanks...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' ...As you can see, I lack confidence no matter what I do, there's always something worrying me.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm under a lot of pressure, and it really stresses me out... I don't know if I'm studying hard enough, or how my future will turn out...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Whether it's studying, or even just life in general... There are so many things I have yet to get the hang of.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And I'm always scared that I'll miss something important... Ugh, I'll never be able to forgive myself if that happens!
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's exhausting, but I guess you already saw that... Which is probably why you suggested I take a vacation a&mdash;and get some proper rest, right?
::{{DIcon}} Yes, I could tell you needed it.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hehe, well, at least I was smart enough to figure that out...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' ...And to realize that I should really take you up on your offer, and make sure I get a good rest for once!
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Whew, alright, it's decided... my mind needs a rest. So I'm not going to do anything, or worry about anything at all.
::{{DIcon}} Here, come with me...
::{{DIcon}} I'll find a nice patch of grass for us to lie on for a while.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Perfect! Let's go relax and just let the day pass by!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Layla.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Mm, morning... Wait, morning!? How is it light out already...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ugh, whyyy... I still wasn't able to fall asleep yet... Can't I just try a little longer? *groan*
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Goodnight, Layla.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Goodnight, {{Traveler}}! This is it... the most critical time of the day.
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Tonight I'm going to focus again on clearing my mind... No schoolwork, no assignments, nothing! Keeping it completely blank...
::{{A|vo layla mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Please, oh please just let me get some sleep tonight... I need it sooo bad!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===A Farewell Brief to Bustle and Bother===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm layla bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This place feels kinda... yeah, a lot like where I live. Cozy and familiar.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm layla bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Definitely the kind of place where you can have a proper rest and really relax.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm layla bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' At first, I was worried I wouldn't be able to get to sleep without my normal bed, or that I... Well, anyway, turns out I was worrying for nothing.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Setekh Demurs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm layla aaruvillageext 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Little white houses, plants exclusive to the desert climate... Hmm... Okay, I think I've got it.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm layla aaruvillageext 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's [[Aaru Village]], isn't it? Reminds me of the first time I was out around those parts doing some fieldwork.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm layla aaruvillageext 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' When there's time, I'll have to tell you all about what happened on that trip. There are quite a few interesting bits.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Laila/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Layla/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:レイラ/仲間]]
[[ru:Лайла/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Layla/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Layla/Bạn Đồng Hành]]