{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Leah.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Mondstadt
|location         = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Knights of Favonius
|title            = Knight of Favonius

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Leah''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appeared in the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] event.

==Profile==
===Appearance===
Leah wears one of the standard uniforms of the Knights of Favonius. The uniform consists of a black long-sleeved shirt, tight-fitting pants under a gray skirt and then white plate armor worn on top. Unlike other Knights, she does not have her knees covered and only has greaves on her legs. The Knights of Favonius crest decorates the breastplate. She also wears a leather belt like many other knights, but she doesn't carry a sword.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Idle Quotes==
;During the Event "Of Ballads and Brews"
Before starting ''[[Sounds From Afar (Quest)|Sounds From Afar]]''
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Please stay safe...
:: {{A|VO Leah Of Ballads and Brews 01.ogg}} "Vendors - please be careful when delivering goods."
{{Dialogue End}}

;During [[Weinlesefest]]
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Welcome...
:: {{A|VO Leah Of Ballads and Brews 02.ogg}} "Welcome to the Weinlesefest."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
===Of Ballads and Brews===
''Available before starting Sounds From Afar.''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Leah:''' [[Forest Boar|Forest boars]] make regular appearances during the harvest season, so you have to take extra care when delivering goods.
:'''Leah:''' The [[Knight of Favonius]] and [[Springvale]]'s hunters have already come up with a plan to drive the forest boars off. I hear that [[Razor|a youth who can talk to wolves]] will come and help as well...

''Available during Sounds From Afar, when the Weinlesefest venue is set up.''
:'''Leah:''' Welcome to Weinlesefest! If there's anything you need help with, please contact the Knights of Favonius.
:{{DIcon}} About the Weinlesefest...
::'''Leah:''' Well, speaking of that, there's actually no requirement a location has to meet to host it. This celebratory event has been held in Mondstadt City itself several times before as well.
::'''Leah:''' But personally, I prefer the site that they selected this year. Compared to the hustle and bustle of the city, [[Cider Lake]] has prettier scenery and a more rustic charm.
:{{DIcon}} About the Knights of Favonius...
::'''Leah:''' As one of the festival's sponsors, the Knights of Favonius will maintain order on-site while ensuring that every guest will enjoy the festivities to the fullest.
::'''Leah:''' As such, I'd also like to remind our guests to drink in moderation! Over-drinking and bothering other guests will result in a visit from us.
:{{DIcon}} Bye.
::'''Leah:''' Bye, enjoy the festival!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Leah
|zhs     = 蕾娅
|zhs_rm  = Lěiyà
|zht     = 蕾婭
|zht_rm  = Lěiyà
|ja      = レア
|ja_rm   = Rea
|ko      = 레아
|es      = Leah
|fr      = Leah
|ru      = Леа
|th      = Leah
|vi      = Leah
|de      = Leah
|id      = Leah
|pt      = Leah
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->