{{About|the commission|the Event Wish|Leaves in the Wind}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20703
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Leaves in the Wind.png
|summary       = Dr. Edith asks the Traveler to retrieve objects imbued with Anemo from the tree at Windrise so that she may be inspired when writing her new book about Anemo.
|startLocation = [[Windrise]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Dr. Edith; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Dr. Edith
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Windwheel Aster|1}}
{{Card|Mora|400}}
}}
'''Leaves on the Wind''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Edith]]
#Search in the tree for 3 traces of the wind (0/3)
#*At the uppermost branches, use [[Elemental Sight]] to highlight the leaves that can be picked up
#Give the [[Box of Leaves|leaves]] to Edith

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

On top of the usual commission rewards, {{item|Windwheel Aster|25|x=1}} and an additional 400 Mora is also given.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description| Edith wants to write a new book about Anemo, but she's looking for some inspiration...}}
<!--quest refers to her as "Edith", dialogue uses Dr.-->
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Dr. Edith)
:'''Dr. Edith:''' What a shame, I can't use this material either...
:{{DIcon}} What are you working on?
:'''Dr. Edith:''' I mean to write a new book about Mondstadt's history that focuses on the "wind," and I'm looking for inspiration here.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' If you think about it, this place is the ideal spot &mdash; there's a Statue of The Seven that represents Anemo, and a tree that's closely linked to the great hero Vennessa.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Yet &mdash; and I know this might sound funny &mdash; looking for and gathering the winds without a Vision, which I lack, is too difficult.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' And this so-called search for inspiration? Why, I'm just staring into space here. Most of my material is synthesized from second-hand resources as well.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' That's the life of a person without a Vision on this continent &mdash; to do much, and yet achieve little.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' One cannot use the power of the elements without a Vision. Whether in research or in life, those without them live like outsiders in their own world.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Hahaha, maybe in the eyes of the gods, Vision wielders are the main characters of this world.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Sorry, I said too much, and while I did say all this, I won't give up on my research.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' I don't have a Vision, but I won't lose in terms of scholarship.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' I've also heard that you can use the elements even without a Vision...
:'''Dr. Edith:''' If you could help me to grab some objects imbued with Anemo, that would really help me with my research.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Could you help me climb up this tree and have a look?
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it.
::'''Dr. Edith:''' Great, I'm counting on you, then.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need, specifically?
:'''Dr. Edith:''' You can see the elements, yes?
:'''Dr. Edith:''' I reckon that you just need to follow the trail of the "wind" and search that way.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' I'll be waiting for you under the tree. If you find anything, just bring it down to me.

;(Talk to Dr. Edith again)
:'''Dr. Edith:''' I have to say that someone like you is definitely better suited to doing research.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' You have a great deal of adventuring experience, and great stamina...
:'''Dr. Edith:''' And most importantly, you can control the elements even without the use of a Vision.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' The elements... Is there really any research on this continent that could uncover their secrets? To a researcher, the ability to use a Vision or the lack thereof really is...
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Ah, I went off on a tangent again... Sorry, please don't take it to heart.
----
;(Return to Dr. Edith)
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Have you found anything?
:{{DIcon}} Got a few leaves here.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' ...Leaves? Let me have a look, please. Huh, you even put them inside a box...
:'''Dr. Edith:''' When held in your hand, these leaves do indeed allow you to feel the "wind."
:'''Dr. Edith:''' To think that this tree really had this power. If I only had a Vision, then I wouldn't have had to waste this much time.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Thank you. This is a very precious resource, and I will use it as such.
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Still, I don't have any method of preserving these leaves. It is fully possible that the "wind" in them could dissipate all too quickly...
:'''Dr. Edith:''' Still, take this as recompense for your efforts. Who knows, I might need to call on you in the future to help me collect research material.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Leaves on the Wind
|zhs     = 落叶归风
|zhs_rm  = Luòyè Guī Fēng
|zht     = 落葉歸風
|zht_rm  = Luòyè Guī Fēng
|zh_tl   = Fallen Leaves Returning to the Wind
|ja      = 落ちた葉は風となる
|ja_rm   = Ochita Ha wa Kaze to Naru
|ja_tl   = Fallen Leaves Riding with the Wind
|ko      = 낙엽은 바람으로 돌아간다
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Hojas en el viento
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Feuilles dans le vent
|fr_tl   = Leaves in the Wind
|ru      = Листва на ветру
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ใบไม้ที่ร่วงหล่นกับสายลมที่พัดพา
|th_rm   = Baimai thi Ruang Lon Kap Sailom thi Phatpha
|th_tl   = The Falling Leaves and the Blowing Wind
|vi      = Lá Rụng Về Cội
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fallende Blätter im Wind
|de_tl   = Falling Leaves in the Wind
|id      = Daun yang Mengendarai Angin
|id_tl   = Leaves that Riding the Wind
|pt      = Folhas ao Vento
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Hojas en el viento (misión)]]
[[fr:Feuilles dans le vent (Mission)]]