{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Legacy of the Desert High-Born.png
|set   = Desert Pavilion Chronicle
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|Earrings made from amber gold that shines with a strange light.}}
'''Legacy of the Desert High-Born''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Desert Pavilion Chronicle]].

==Description==
Merchant sheltering from the storm, please heed [[Vassal Kings' Retainer|this man]] so old and blind.<br>
Heed the past of [[Gurabad]], heed the retribution its people sought for themselves.<br>
Heed the newborn nobility and the peasants who dwell beneath the palace...

Legends say that when Gurabad rose, the kingdoms of man joined many oases into one.<br>
At this time, the scattered tribes and the short-lived states obeyed the will of [[Ormazd]] alone.<br>
Ormazd took the [[King Deshret|Lord of the Desert]] as his lord-patron, constructing palaces and temples to facilitate his worship.<br>
Slaves were taken from the tribes, servitude was demanded from states, and sacrifices were required of the cities...<br>
The city thrived, and nobles and slaves alike lived in its shade.

Peering down from on high at the priests and servants below, scurrying like ants, the [[Liloupar|Jinni concubine]] could only sigh mournfully.<br>
As an attendant of the [[Goddess of Flowers]], she believed she had chosen the ideal king, but didn't wish for him to be addled by vanity.<br>
So, the Jinni offered gentle advice between the sheets, vainly trying to change the king's mind...<br>
Ormazd took the conventions of rule and slavery as a given, regarding her words only as the soft nothings of a lover.

"To infuse love into my vessel was to be in constant company with everlasting and ever-demanding wants."<br>
"The search for a dream, for a homeland, and for my beloved to transcend mundane ideals."<br>
"But now, my beloved is deep in the throes of hypocrisy and greed. He has taken on the habits of an ordinary tyrant."<br>
"To quell my fury at this betrayal, I will impose upon you three generations of ruination."

Silently, the Jinni removed the earrings he had given her as a sign of her resolve,<br>
A poisonous scheme already manifesting in a heart turned cruel.

"[[Xiphos]], my child, hate burns everything like wildfire, leaving only the ashes of madness."<br>
"Yet uncontrolled love is even more feral. A great many evils are born from unshackled love..."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Legacy of the Desert High-Born
|zhs     = 流沙贵嗣的遗宝
|zhs_rm  = Liúshā Guìsì de Yíbǎo
|zht     = 流沙貴嗣的遺寶
|zht_rm  = Liúshā Guìsì de Yíbǎo
|zh_tl   = Legacy of the Quicksand's Noble Heir
|ja      = 流砂の嗣君の遺宝
|ja_rm   = Ryuusa no Shikun no Ihou
|ja_tl   = Legacy of the Quicksand's Noble Heir
|ko      = 사막 왕족의 유산
|ko_rm   = Samak Wangjok-ui Yusan
|ko_tl   = Legacy of the Desert Royalty
|es      = Legado del Heredero del Desierto
|es_tl   = Legacy of the Desert Heir
|fr      = Héritage de la haute lignée du désert
|fr_tl   = Legacy of the Desert High Lineage
|ru      = Наследие пустынной знати
|ru_tl   = Legacy of the Desert Nobility
|th      = Legacy of the Desert High-Born
|vi      = Di Sản Của Quý Tộc Cát
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Erbe der Hochwohlgeborenen der Wüste
|de_tl   = Legacy of the High-Born of the Desert
|id      = Legacy of the Desert High-Born
|pt      = Tesouro das Areias Movediças
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çöl Soylusunun Mirası
|tr_tl   = Desert Noble's Legacy
|it      = Lascito della nobiltà del deserto
|it_tl   = Legacy of the Desert's Nobility
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Desert Pavilion Chronicle}}

[[fr:Héritage de la haute lignée du désert]]
[[ja:流砂の嗣君の遺宝]]
[[th:Legacy of the Desert High-Born]]
[[tr:Çöl Soylusunun Mirası]]
[[vi:Di Sản Của Quý Tộc Cát]]
[[zh:流沙貴嗣的遺寶]]