{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00464
|image         = Story Quest Legend of the Darknight Hero.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Noctua Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Darknight Hero's Alibi
|character     = Diluc
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|next          = Darknight Hero's Crisis
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Mora*13,850;Adventurer's Experience*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|characters    = Anna; Beatrice; Blanche (Mondstadt); Charles; Diluc; Donna; Eury; Flora; Huffman; Lawrence; Margaret; Nimrod; Norma; Paimon; Quinn; Sara; Swan; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Legend of the Darknight Hero''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Darknight Hero's Alibi}}.

==Steps==
# Ask [[Charles]] about the recent rumors
# Ask the bystanders at the fountain plaza for information
#* NPC who offer clues: [[Margaret]] (might be wealthy)
# Ask the guards around the city gate for more information
#* NPC who offer clues: [[Lawrence]] (isn't one of the [[Knights of Favonius]])
# Ask the preoccupied girl for information
#* NPC who offer clues: [[Donna]] (has a [[Pyro]] [[Vision]])
# Wander Mondstadt at night (18:00 – 06:00)
# Run around Mondstadt
# Defeat incoming enemies
# Talk to [[Huffman]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Recently, rumors about a certain Darknight Hero have been circulating around Mondstadt...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Charles)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' So you've got a taste for adventure too, huh?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' I must say, the patrons have been in a bit of a buzz lately.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Though the topic on everyone's lips is more of an urban legend than actual news.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 04.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Even minding my own business I still end up hearing all about it.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh... It's not one of those scary urban legends, is it?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If so, Paimon needs to take a deep breath first!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 05.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Hahaha, it's not a particularly scary story, no... At least, not for most people...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 06.ogg}} '''Charles:''' It's the tale of... the Darknight Hero!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh!!!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, he literally just said it's NOT a scary story.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Did the bartender just say something?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 07a.ogg}} '''Charles:''' You weren't even listening?
:{{DIcon}} Argh!
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 07b.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Hey. Look, do you want to hear the story or not?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash;What did the bartender just say?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 08.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Anyway, the Darknight Hero.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 09.ogg}} '''Charles:''' It is said that he appears in the middle of the night to fight evil and uphold justice.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 10.ogg}} '''Charles:''' But to be honest, I don't have much interest in such rumors.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 11.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Unless of course he can help take care of the more belligerent patrons after they've had a few too many...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 12.ogg}} '''Charles:''' I would happily take that as proof of his existence.
:{{DIcon}} Has anyone ever seen him?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 13a.ogg}} '''Charles:''' I'm told that there have been a handful of sightings. But in the depths of night, no one can get a good look at him.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 13a 1.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Perhaps that's why he only appears at night.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 13a 2.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Nevertheless, the sightings confirm that the Darknight Hero is more than just a groundless rumor.
:{{DIcon}} Why would he hide his identity?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 13b.ogg}} '''Charles:''' I doubt anyone knows but him.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 13b 1.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Maybe he enjoys being a man of mystery.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 13b 2.ogg}} '''Charles:''' After all, it's a good way to get the ladies' attention.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 13b 3.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Any guy in the tavern could tell you that.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 14.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Hehe, anyway... That's more or less everything I know.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 charles 15.ogg}} '''Charles:''' If you want to know more, ask around in the plaza. Ah, I need to serve some customers.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Darknight Hero"... seems like your standard cookie-cutter urban legend.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But just a little darker.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wonder who it could be. Once you're ready, let's head out to the plaza and ask around!
----
;(Talk to [[Anna]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'm trying to find out about the "Darknight Hero."
:'''Anna:''' Darknight H&mdash; *achoo* Hero? Sorry, I've never heard of him.
:'''Anna:''' My health is poor, *cough* I don't go out at night.

;(Talk to [[Blanche (Mondstadt)|Blanche]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Heard anything about a "Darknight Hero"?
:'''Blanche:''' Darknight Hero? Doesn't ring a bell.
:'''Blanche:''' Certainly not one of our customers, anyway.

;(Talk to [[Eury]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'm trying to find out about the "Darknight Hero."
:'''Eury:''' Is that from a fairytale, or a novel or something?

;(Talk to [[Norma]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'm trying to find out about the "Darknight Hero."
:'''Norma:''' Never heard of him. Sorry, maybe someone else knows something.

;(Talk to [[Nimrod]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'm trying to find out about the "Darknight Hero."
:'''Nimrod:''' I've heard the name... I think. I'm not sure. Sorry.

;(Talk to [[Sara]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'm trying to find out about the "Darknight Hero."
:'''Sara:''' I think I've heard customers talk about that.
:'''Sara:''' But I don't tend to listen in on their conversations, so I'm afraid I know nothing.

;(Talk to Margaret)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 01.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' You want to find out about the Darknight Hero?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 02.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Look no further. It's me! I am the Darknight Hero.
:{{DIcon}} You're kidding, right?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 03a.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' *giggle* You're right, I'm not. I was joking.
:{{DIcon}} Just as I thought &mdash; it was you all along!
::{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 03b.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' ...I'm joking. Don't take everything so seriously.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 04.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Heh. Jokes aside, I do think that the Darknight Hero and I have one thing in common.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 05.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' It's... the way he sticks to his principles... coming out here night after night, fighting for justice, keeping Mondstadt safe...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so you're a nocturnal vigilante too?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 06.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' N&mdash;No, I just mean, he must be seriously rich.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why is that?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 07.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' People only start worrying about spiritual fulfillment once they have enough material wealth.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 08.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' It's the same in every hero story, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} So... you just wanted to flaunt your wealth.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 09.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Heh. No, it's nothing like that. I just have too much time on my hands these days.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Same difference, you are the boss of [[the Cat's Tail]] after all...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 10.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Why don't you ask the guards at the city gate?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 2 margaret 11.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' They do night shifts all the time, they must know something.
----
;(Talk to [[Swan]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'm trying to find out about the "Darknight Hero."
:'''Swan:''' I haven't heard a thing... *sigh* I'm really out of the loop.

;(Talk to Lawrence)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 01.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' You want to know about... him?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 02.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' In fact, I'm one of the few who has seen him with my own two eyes.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! This is the guy we need to talk to.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... just who is the Darknight Hero?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 03.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Whoa&mdash; S&mdash;Slow down, let me start from the beginning.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 04.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Well, I was patrolling one night, when suddenly I heard something. I rushed over to check it out.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 05.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' I saw a gang of suspicious looking fellows who looked like they were up to no good.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 06.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' So I quickly hid.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hid? You're supposed to be a guard!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 07.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' That was when... he appeared.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 08.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' He was dressed in black from head to toe, perfectly hidden in the night.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 09.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' The way he crept up on those bad guys, it must have felt like a living nightmare.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 10.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Guess what I did next?
:{{DIcon}} Ran away?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 11a.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' I wasn't the bad guy! Why would I need to run away?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 11a 1.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' ...Still, I did leave the scene. I didn't want to be a nuisance to the Darknight Hero.
:{{DIcon}} Became his sidekick?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 11b.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Heh... I would probably have just gotten in the way as far as the Darknight Hero is concerned.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 12.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' ...So instead, I headed to the Knights of Favonius' residence.
:{{DIcon}} You think the Darknight Hero might be one of the Knights?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 13.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Correct. I thought, "Surely someone with such a strong sense of justice and who voluntarily protects Mondstadt is exactly the kind of person you'd find in the Knights of Favonius."
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 14.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' *sigh* But it seems I was wrong.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 15.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' I checked everywhere, and there were no signs of anyone having left the building.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're saying whoever it is can't be from the Knights of Favonius after all?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 16.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Yes. But I just can't understand... Why would someone like that not want to join the Knights?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 17.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' I'm sure they would warmly welcome someone of his abilities.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the point you're trying to make is... You don't know who the Darknight Hero is either?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 18.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Hey, don't be like that! At least by talking to me you've ruled out a few more people...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 3 lawrence 19.ogg}} '''Lawrence:''' Anyway, try asking at the Flower Shop. I heard a girl there's been talking about the time he rescued her.
----
;(Talk to [[Flora]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Do you have any information regarding the "Darknight Hero"...
:'''Flora:''' Huh? What's the Darknight Hero?
:'''Flora:''' Is it a fairytale?

;(Talk to [[Quinn]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} What do you know of the "Darknight Hero"?
:'''Quinn:''' Darknight Hero? Definitely heard him mentioned, yep. Nothing specific though.

;(Talk to [[Beatrice]], optional)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Heard anything about a "Darknight Hero"?
:'''Beatrice:''' Hmm... That name does seem to ring a bell...
:'''Beatrice:''' But I can't seem to recall much more than simply having heard the name. Sorry.

;(Talk to Donna)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 01.ogg}} '''Donna:''' What's wrong with me...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 02.ogg}} '''Donna:''' Why can't I get him out of my mind...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, hello? We'd like to ask you about the Darknight Hero&mdash;
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 03.ogg}} '''Donna:''' MY HERO! ...Oh, sorry! Just hearing his name gets me lost in thought... Hang on, how did you know who I was talking about?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 04.ogg}} '''Donna:''' Is it that obvious?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 05.ogg}} '''Donna:''' Oh no, what am I going to do...? If Master Diluc ever finds out&mdash;
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's Diluc got to do with this?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 06.ogg}} '''Donna:''' Ugh... Well, I guess I might as well spill the beans then.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 07.ogg}} '''Donna:''' I used to think Diluc was the one for me.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 08.ogg}} '''Donna:''' But ever since the time I was rescued by the Darknight Hero... I&mdash;I just don't know anymore...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wowee, you saw the Darknight Hero? For real? What's he like?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 09.ogg}} '''Donna:''' It all happened so fast... I was so scared...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 10.ogg}} '''Donna:''' All I remember is seeing a flash of fire... but I felt safe. I only saw his silhouette but it felt so... familiar.
:{{DIcon}} A flash of fire... a Vision, perhaps?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 11a.ogg}} '''Donna:''' Who knows? Now that you mention it, a Pyro Vision does seem like a good explanation.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 11a 1.ogg}} '''Donna:''' It lit up the whole area in an instant. I remember that very well.
:{{DIcon}} Familiar? Could it be someone you know?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 11b.ogg}} '''Donna:''' Hmm... That I really do not know.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 11b 1.ogg}} '''Donna:''' Perhaps it was... fate?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 4 donna 11b 2.ogg}} '''Donna:''' You know? When you meet someone and it feels like... like you've known them your whole life?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oookay then! Well, thanks for the intel Donna. See you around!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, based on what we know so far...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All we need to find is a wealthy, Vision-wielding vigilante who is not one of the Knights.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Nope, still no idea.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we already asked so many people. Guess we got to see for ourselves.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a look around the city at nighttime &mdash; if we're lucky, we just might bump into him.
----
;(After 18:00)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's getting dark. Let's stick around Mondstadt. Maybe if we're lucky we'll meet the Darknight Hero.
{{Cutscene Description|You reach Mondstadt's side gate to the suprising sight of a familiar figure in a fierce battle with an Abyss Mage. So, the Darknight Hero is... Diluc!}}
;(A cutscene plays)
:;(At the north alley Diluc fights a [[Cryo Abyss Mage]], burning his way out of an ice encasement and defeating the mage)
::{{A|vo dlclq001 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Darknight Hero is Master Diluc!?
:;(Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' After managing to steer clear of the guards' patrol route... I never anticipated I'd run into you instead.
:{{DIcon}} The Darknight Hero! I knew it was you all along!
:{{DIcon}} Diluc!? YOU are the Darknight Hero?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' "Darknight Hero"...? Sounds awfully derivative to me. Please tell me you didn't come up with that.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How is this the first you've heard of the name? Every man and his dog in Mondstadt is yapping about the Darknight Hero!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I do not concern myself with idle chatter... Though, I suppose I may take the idleness of others as a sign that peace prevails.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huzzah! The Great Mystery of the Darknight Hero of Mondstadt... We solved it!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now then, Mr. Darknight Hero&mdash;
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Please, stop calling me that. Seriously, it makes me uncomfortable.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, not surprised. It's the stupidest superhero name Paimon's ever heard. You should come up with something more original.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Like...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Emm... "Captain Pie..."
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Pie?
:{{DIcon}} Pie?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Captain Pyro!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tell us Captain Pyro, what happened here today?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It was the [[Abyss Order]].
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Them again?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I don't know what the devil they're plotting this time. It seems they're performing some initial reconnaissance.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Considering that I've proven myself to be one step ahead of them on countless occasions, their persistence is... unusual.
:{{DIcon}} Have you been dealing with them alone the whole time?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 10a.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I assume so, unless you're aware of any other "Darknight Heroes" around these parts.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you get the Knights of Favonius to help?
::{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 10b.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph. Who would be helping whom is debatable.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The Knights are, for the most part, an utterly incompetent bunch.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I cannot trust them to take this matter over.
:{{DIcon}} So this is a job for the mighty Diluc then.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 13a.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' *sigh* That's not my point. I am not doing this to impress anyone.
:{{DIcon}} It seems you have history with the Knights.
::{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 13b.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What's past is past. I would prefer not to discuss it.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, I hope this conversation has been of service to you &mdash; because I would like to ask for a favor in return.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, what is it Master Diluc? Your wish is our command~
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 15.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You must keep my identity a secret.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 16.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Above all, it is crucial that you do not let the Knights of Favonius know I am connected to any of this.
:;(A bunch of [[hilichurl]]s approach the city)
:'''???:''' *footsteps*
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that sound? Yikes, have the Abyss Order sent backup already?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 17.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' They appear to just be small-timers. You should have no trouble dealing with them.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 18.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I cannot afford delays on account of a few lackeys. I shall have to let you take care of them.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 diluc 19.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Remember &mdash; don't tell a soul!
:;(Diluc leaves you with the hilichurls)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! You're just gonna leave us like this!?
----
;(After defeating the hilichurls)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 01.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Greetings. I thought I heard something, so I came to check it out.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 02.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Did you see anything out of the ordinary?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope. Nuh-huh. Not here. Nothing. Zilch.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Unless you're looking for the Darknight Hero, in which case&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Shut it, Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} Ahem! *cough*
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 03.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' The Darknight Hero? You saw him?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, ahh... The Darknight Hero, is ahh... {{MC|him|her}}!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 04.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' You! The hero who safeguards Mondstadt from the shadows! On behalf of the Knights of Favonius, I thank you for your service to this city!
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh... it's nothing, really... you're too kind...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 05.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Wait a second... Aren't you the Traveler that just arrived in the city?
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 06.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Rumors were circulating about the Darknight Hero long before you ever arrived here.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Ah...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 07.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' ...Why would you lie to me about that?
:{{DIcon}} Well...
:{{DIcon}} Sorry...
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 08.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Hmm. Never mind, you don't seem like bad folks.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 09.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' But I do hope you will visit the Knights of Favonius soon, where we can discuss the Darknight Hero situation in more detail.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 10.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Some things are best not discussed in public.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 huffman 11.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Duty calls. I must be going. Stay safe, Traveler!
:;(After Huffman leaves)
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like Huffman has something he really wants to say to you about the Darknight Hero.
:{{A|vo dlclq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Better head over to the Knights of Favonius and see if you can find him.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Legend of the Darknight Hero
|zhs     = 暗夜英雄的传说
|zhs_rm  = Ànyè Yīngxióng de Chuánshuō
|zht     = 暗夜英雄的傳說
|zht_rm  = Ànyè Yīngxióng de Chuánshuō
|zh_tl   = Legend of the Darknight Hero
|ja      = 闇夜の英雄の伝説
|ja_rm   = Yamiyo no Eiyuu no Densetsu
|ja_tl   = Legend of the Darknight Hero
|ko      = 다크 히어로의 전설
|ko_rm   = Dakeu Hi'eoro-ui Jeonseol
|ko_tl   = Legend of the Dark Hero
|es      = La leyenda del Héroe Oscuro
|es_tl   = The Legend of the Dark Hero
|fr      = Légende du Héros de la Nuit
|fr_tl   = Legend of the Hero of the Night
|ru      = Легенда о Полуночном герое
|ru_tl   = Legend of the Midnight Hero
|th      = ตำนานแห่ง Darknight Hero
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Truyền Thuyết Về Anh Hùng Bóng Đêm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Gerüchte um den Helden der Nacht
|de_tl   = The Rumours about The Darknight Hero
|id      = Legenda Darknight Hero
|id_tl   = Legend of the Darknight Hero
|pt      = Lenda do Herói Obscuro
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Karagece Kahramanı Efsanesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La leggenda dell'Eroe oscuro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:La leyenda del Héroe Oscuro]]
[[ja:闇夜の英雄の伝説]]
[[pt-br:Lenda do Herói Obscuro]]
[[ru:Легенда о Полуночном герое]]
[[vi:Truyền Thuyết Về Anh Hùng Bóng Đêm]]