{{Event
|name              = Legend of the Vagabond Sword Challenge Video Submission Event
|image             = Legend of the Vagabond Sword Challenge Video Submission Event.jpg
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-06-25 <!--(no time given)-->
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-07-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/26
|link2             = https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1417333442836975618
|link2name         = Winners Announcement
}}

Hello, Travelers!

The "Legend of the Vagabond Sword" challenge has begun, so let's enjoy the new adventure together! Our Challenge Video Submission Event also starts today, and we are looking forward to seeing our Travelers' wonderful videos~

==Event Duration==
*Submission: 6/25– 7/4 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Results: 7/20

==How to Participate==
*Take part in the "Legend of the Vagabond Sword" event and record a video where you have successfully completed the challenge.
*Click the "Post Video" button on the Event Details page to upload your work.
*Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Submission Criteria==
#The video recording must show the game UID and the video content must be related to the "Legend of the Vagabond Sword" event, including but not limited to strategy, creative gameplay, etc. It is recommended that you post the video on YouTube with the tag #LegendoftheVagabondSword.
#Five works can be submitted per HoYoLAB account. Each submission can consist of up to one video.
#Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those with content that violates our Community Rules, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact or Legend of the Vagabond Sword, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
#Travelers should participate in the event in accordance with the steps under How to Participate. In any of the following circumstances, participation will be deemed to be invalid:
##Submissions fall outside of the stipulated time period (UTC+8) or are posted outside of the Genshin Impact community (HoYoLAB).
##Entries are not posted on the submission event page.

==Event Rewards==
===Challenge Bundle (20 Winners)===
*(Primogems  ×300, merchandise prizes worth US$25
===Booster Bundle (30 Winners)===
*Primogems ×100, merchandise prizes worth US$10

==Reminders==
Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to contact the email address as stated in the system message to provide their shipping address. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.

==Event FAQ==
Q: Can PlayStation users participate in the event?<br />
A: Yes. If Travelers don't have a HoYoLAB account yet, please follow the steps below to create an account, and submit your works according to the event requirements:
#Create a HoYoLAB account
#Link email (go to Account Management https://account.mihoyo.com/#/login, and log in to link email)
#Raise your HoYoLAB account level to LV.2. Please refer to Q1 for the account level-up method.

==Winners==
Winners can be found [https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/26 here].

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
[[vi:Sự Kiện Thu Thập Video Khiêu Chiến "Truyền Thuyết Thanh Kiếm Lãng Du"]]
[[ru:Событие видеороликов «Легенда о мече ветра»]]