{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Legends of the Stone Lock.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Clear all 16 [[Stone Pillar Seal]]s
|characters    = Aradashan; Arasaha; Arasata; Arayuta; Traveler; Paimon
|startLocation = [[Ashavan Realm]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 200
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}
'''''Legends of the Stone Lock''''' is a hidden [[World Quest]] in [[Sumeru]]. The character must clear all sixteen [[Stone Pillar Seal]]s in Sumeru and defeat the [[Ruin Machines]] that are released to start the quest.

==Steps==
#Go to the cavern Aradashan mentioned
# Go to the seal's location at the bottom of the lake
#Challenge the Bulky Iron Chunk
#*{{Enemy|Perpetual Mechanical Array}}
#Talk to [[Aradashan]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* After the quest is completed, the player can transition to dream state using the nearby [[Silapna]] and talk to the Aranara to challenge the Perpetual Mechanical Array four more times (once per Aranara) to obtain a [[Common Chest]], [[Exquisite Chest]], [[Precious Chest]], and a [[Luxurious Chest]].
*Clearing all sixteen Stone Pillar Seals grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Now Let Time Resume]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After unlocking the stone lock in Sumeru, and defeating the monsters trapped in the seal, you will be entrusted by Aranara to defeat other sealed monsters.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After clearing the stone lock where Aradashan is at)
:'''???:''' Oh no, the stone lock is gone!
:'''???:''' Who could have broken the lock? Could it be the Big Iron Chunk?
:'''Paimon:''' It's an Aranara...
:'''???:''' Eh? The Golden Nara and the silver bird can see Aradashan?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon is not a silver bird! And gold... Well, this is (Traveler).
:'''Aradashan:''' Okay, Aradashan gets it. It's Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Aradashan's name is Aradashan.
:'''Aradashan:''' Hmmm... You're a Golden Nara, with the same Golden hair as Nara Varuna, with the warm scent of a sun-kissed leaf...
:'''Aradashan:''' Oh, but now is not the time to make friends. The stone lock... Did you see who broke it, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!?
:'''Paimon:''' The stone lock is probably what we just opened...
:{{DIcon}} We did indeed break it...
:'''Aradashan:''' No, so Nara (Traveler) was the one breaking the lock...? Aradashan thought the Big Iron Chunks escaped on their own!
:'''Aradashan:''' The stone lock is gone! The Big Iron Chunk is coming out!
:'''Aradashan:''' You should hide, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon! Big Iron Chunks are big and hard, some even shoot fire out of their eyes! Very dangerous!
:'''Paimon:''' Do you mean the monster trapped inside? We've dealt with it already.
:'''Aradashan:''' Really? So the Big Iron Chunk was destroyed? Great news! Aradashan was about to shed leaves at the thought of them pouring out!
:'''Aradashan:''' So Nara (Traveler) and Paimon took down the Big Iron Chunk here?
:'''Paimon:''' We've taken loads of monsters like them down in the past!
:{{DIcon}} It's routine for us now.
:{{DIcon}} Have you really helped in any combat?
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon knows just where to hide!
:'''Aradashan:''' Aradashan didn't expect Nara (Traveler) to be so powerful. Uh, can Nara (Traveler) help...?
:'''Paimon:''' Could it be related to the stone locks?
:'''Aradashan:''' So smart, Paimon! Aradashan is somewhat a bit surprised...
:'''Paimon:''' What is there to be surprised about!?
:'''Aradashan:''' Hehe, yes, it is related to the stone locks.
:'''Aradashan:''' There are sixteen stone locks in total in the forest with Big Iron Chunks inside... Can (Traveler) defeat them?
;(If all 16 stone locks have been cleared)
::{{DIcon}} Only 16? We've dealt with it.
::'''Aradashan:''' Oh! Nara (Traveler) and Paimon are so amazing! Now Aradashan knows why the air and ground in the forest have become cleaner.
::'''Aradashan:''' Wait for Aradashan! Aradashan is going to get the friends!
::'''Paimon:''' Friends?
:;(Dialogue continues to "Woah! So many Aranara appeared out of nowhere..." line below)
;(If there are still remaining stone locks to be cleared)
::{{DIcon}} Of course.
::{{DIcon}} If we see them.
::'''Aradashan:''' Oh, Nara (Traveler) is such a nice Nara. Aradashan thanks Nara (Traveler) from the bottom of Aradashan's heart!
::'''Aradashan:''' Come see Aradashan once you've beaten all the Big Iron Chunks!
::'''Aradashan:''' If you could beat all the Big Iron Chunks, you must also be able to...
::'''Paimon:''' ?
::'''Aradashan:''' Heh, Aradashan will save that for when Nara (Traveler) comes back!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|All sixteen ruins mechanisms sealed by "stone lock" have been eliminated. There may be some other "surprises" waiting in the cave where we met Aradashan.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After clearing the last stone lock &mdash; if the player spoke to Aradashan before clearing all the stone locks)
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah? This seems to be the sixteenth! Now, the monsters sealed by the "stone lock" should all be defeated!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go find Ara... That Aranara.

;(Go to the cavern Aradashan mentioned)

;(If not all stone locks were cleared initially)
::'''Aradashan:''' Hey, it is indeed you two, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we beat all the monsters that were locked up by the stones!
::'''Aradashan:''' Heh, Aradashan believed Nara (Traveler) and Paimon could do that for sure!
::'''Aradashan:''' See, this is the Nara (Traveler) whom Aradashan mentioned.
;(If all stone locks were cleared initially)
::'''Paimon:''' Woah! So many Aranara appeared out of nowhere...
:'''Aradashan:''' Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, these are Arasata, Arasaha, and Arayuta.
:'''Paimon:''' More Aranara names! Aradashan, Arasata, Arasaha, and...
:'''Arayuta:''' Arayuta! My name is Arayuta!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon's got it, Arayuta!
:'''Arayuta:''' Paimon knows my name now. I'm so happy!
:'''Arasata:''' Hello... I am Arasata.
:'''Arasaha:''' ...Arasaha.
;(If not all stone locks were cleared initially)
::{{DIcon}} Hello.
;(If all stone locks were cleared initially)
::{{DIcon}} Greetings.
:'''Paimon:''' Aradashan, you told us to come see you after we're done with all the Big Iron Chunks... What for?
:'''Aradashan:''' Oh, it goes way, way back...
:'''Aradashan:''' Several hundred cycles of trees ago, the iron monsters appeared. Some were big iron Nara, some were legless big iron Nara.
:'''Aradashan:''' The monsters were as tall as mountains, spewing light as bright as fire. They made the forests weep and bushes wail in the howling fire.
:'''Paimon:''' You mean the Big Iron Chunks?
:'''Aradashan:''' Yes.
:'''Arayuta:''' Let me tell the story from that point on. I like the rest part of the story.
:'''Arayuta:''' When things were at their most perilous, the great Aradasha emerged.
:'''Arayuta:''' The great Aradasha defeated many, many Big Iron Chunks with Ararakalari and locked them up with stone locks.
:'''Arayuta:''' Just like that, the great Aradasha restored peace to much foliage, allowing Nara and Aranara to rest in the forest at night.
:'''Paimon:''' So, all the Ruin Graders and Ruin Drakes and stuff from the stone locks we unlocked were defeated and confined by Aradasha!?
:'''Arayuta:''' Yeah, Aradasha was super powerful, taking on all those Big Iron Chunks like that! Aradasha stories are my favorites!
:'''Paimon:''' But if the Big Iron Chunks that Aradasha put away have been defeated by (Traveler), why did you want us to come here?
:'''Arasata:''' Well... Aradasha locked the Big Iron Chunks away, but even the hardest earth erodes and crumbles in time...
:'''Arasata:''' Same as the stone locks. They crack and fracture until they become Valuka.
:'''Arasata:''' Then the Big Iron Chunks can shrug off the stone locks to bring doom to the forests. So, we must guard the locks.
:'''Aradashan:''' But it would be bad if we should miss any loose locks, so Aradashan, Arasata, Arasaha, and Arayuta must become more powerful.
:'''Aradashan:''' If we could defeat them with Ararakalari like Arabalika can, we wouldn't have to worry about the stone locks turning into Valuka.
:'''Paimon:''' So you wanted to beat the Big Iron Chunks yourselves...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... How did that become our problem?
:'''Aradashan:''' Uh, we can't defeat the Big Iron Chunks right now, so if we released them from those stone locks just like that...
:{{DIcon}} That would indeed be very dangerous.
:{{DIcon}} The consequences would be unimaginable.
:'''Aradashan:''' But Nara (Traveler) is powerful and can defeat the Big Iron Chunks. With Nara (Traveler)'s help, we can beat the mighty Bulky Iron Chunk!
:'''Paimon:''' So you called us here to deal with the Bulky Iron Chunk?
:'''Aradashan:''' Bulky Iron Chunk is mightier than Big Iron Chunk. We could only contain it with our Ararakalari.
:'''Aradashan:''' So when Aradashan saw Nara (Traveler) defeat Big Iron Chunks, Aradashan thought Nara (Traveler) could defeat Bulky Chunk.
:'''Aradashan:''' So Aradashan would like to ask Nara (Traveler) for another favor...
:{{DIcon}} Whatever kind of iron chunk it is.
:{{DIcon}} I'll help.
:'''Aradashan:''' Oh, Nara (Traveler) is such a nice Nara!
:'''Arayuta:''' Nara (Traveler) glows as bright as gold, just like Nara Varuna did in the tales!
:'''Arasata:''' Nara (Traveler) is so helpful, like the rain in a drought!
:'''Arasaha:''' Thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' But you said that the Bulky Iron Chunk is under a lake, right? So, how will we get there?
:'''Aradashan:''' It's okay. We just need to lower the water level and make a passage!
:'''Aradashan:''' Please wait a while, Nara (Traveler), and we'll see you in the lake.

;(Approach the seal's location at the bottom of the lake)
:'''Paimon:''' So this is the Bulky Iron Chunk.
:'''Paimon:''' Since the Big Iron Chunks are Ruin Graders, Ruin Drakes, and the likes... It's no surprise that the Bulky Iron Chunk was actually a Perpetual Mechanical Array...
:'''Arayuta:''' Strange. Why do you call the Bulky Iron Chunk "Perlulu Manacle Array"?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, the name will fit pretty soon... But we'll stick to calling it Bulky Iron Chunk for now.
:'''Arayuta:''' Bulky Iron Chunk!
:'''Arasata:''' The Bulky Iron Chunk can fly and crash down like a meteor. Be careful, Nara (Traveler).
:'''Arasaha:''' ...Be careful.
:'''Aradashan:''' We'll help you by using our Ararakalari, Nara (Traveler)!
:'''Aradashan:''' Release the Bulky Iron Chunk when you're ready!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Help Aradashan defeat the "Bulky Iron Chunk" beneath the lake.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Before fighting "Bulky Iron Chunk")
:;(Talk to Arasaha)
:::'''Arasaha:''' I don't speak to Nara often.
:::'''Arasaha:''' Thank you, nice Nara.
:;(Talk to Aradashan)
:::'''Aradashan:''' You're very powerful, Nara (Traveler). We'll defeat the Bulky Iron Chunk for sure!
:;(Talk to Arasata)
:::'''Arasata:''' It is said the Bulky Iron Chunk has many forms and can turn into many Big Iron Chunks.
:::'''Arasata:''' But it will be vulnerable once you beat any of its key parts, so watch carefully, Nara (Traveler).
:;(Talk to Arayuta)
:::'''Arayuta:''' Will we defeat the Bulky Iron Chunk? It is a terrible monster as told in the legends... Uhhh...
;(After defeating "Bulky Iron Chunk")
:'''Aradashan:''' Whoa, Aradashan didn't think that the Bulky Iron Chunk would still be so strong after we used Ararakalari.
:'''Aradashan:''' Even if our Ararakalari could defeat Big Iron Chunks, we wouldn't be able to handle the Bulky Iron Chunk.
:'''Aradashan:''' If Nara (Traveler) hadn't been here...
:'''Paimon:''' It's okay, since the Perpetual Mechanical Array... Uh, Bulky Iron Chunk is defeated, there will be no more iron monsters in the forests!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, you can rest assured now.
:'''Arasaha:''' ...No.
:'''Arasaha:''' ...Must rely on ourselves.
:'''Arasata:''' Arasaha is right. Seeing Nara (Traveler) fighting the Bulky Iron Chunk had us in awe.
:'''Arayuta:''' There is still a long way to go before catching up with the great Aradasha.
:'''Arayuta:''' We must train harder, so we can be heroes like Aradasha in the next crisis!
:'''Aradashan:''' We must fight the imaginary Bulky Iron Chunk in our dream!
:'''Paimon:''' Go for it!
:{{DIcon}} I know you'll get there.
:'''Aradashan:''' When you want to, Nara (Traveler), just sing the Rhythm of the Great Dream like when you entered Vanarana.
:'''Aradashan:''' Then you can join and share our dream of the Bulky Iron Chunk.
:'''Paimon:''' Somehow that sounds more like a nightmare...
:{{DIcon}} Do you dream about fighting, Paimon?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't want to dream about fighting! Paimon only wants to dream about eating delicious food!
:{{DIcon}} It's not dangerous in dreams.
::'''Paimon:''' True, it's their dream, after all. The Perpetual Mechanical Array won't be real and we won't get hurt.
:'''Aradashan:''' Aradashan will go train in dreams with Arasata, Arayuta, and Arasaha now!
:'''Arasata:''' As a sign of my gratitude, Nara (Traveler), I shall remember you with the first ray of dawn.
:'''Arayuta:''' Nara (Traveler), is as great as Nara Varuna!
:'''Arasaha:''' ...You will not be forgotten.
:'''Aradashan:''' Yes, let's meet again in the dream later!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Post-Quest===
;Aradashan's Challenge
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arasaha)
:'''Arasaha:''' True strength lies within your own body...

;(Talk to Arasata)
:'''Arasata:''' Many a little makes a mickle... We challenge Bulky Iron Chunk step by step...
:'''Arasata:''' Nara (Traveler) wants to train? Then ask Aradashan to help you get started...

;(Talk to Arayuta)
:'''Arayuta:''' It's Nara (Traveler)! As you see, we are training to fight the Bulky Iron Chunk...
:'''Arayuta:''' We want to lift the Ararakalari on Bulky Iron Chunk and fight it as it grows stronger. If Nara (Traveler) wants to join, just tell Aradashan!

;(Talk to Aradashan)
:'''Aradashan:''' Ah, Nara (Traveler), want to try fighting the Bulky Iron Chunk in your dreams?
:'''Aradashan:''' We need to lift the Ararakalari we cast on the Bulky Iron Chunk, layer by layer, and finally, fight it with all Ararakalari lifted...
:'''Aradashan:''' Aradashan will not help you suppress the power of the Bulky Iron Chunk this time. But don't worry, Arasata, Arayuta, and Arasaha will still help. Want to try?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Aradashan:''' Then let's get started!
:{{DIcon}} I'll need to make some preparations.
::'''Aradashan:''' Ah, tell Aradashan when you are ready, Nara (Traveler)...

;(Fight the Bulky Iron Chunk)

;(Talk to Aradashan after defeating the Bulky Iron Chunk)
:'''Aradashan:''' Hehe, Nara (Traveler) beat the Bulky Iron Chunk without Aradashan's help. Amazing!
:'''Aradashan:''' Time for Nara (Traveler) to challenge a stronger Bulky Iron Chunk. Aradashan is sure that Nara (Traveler) can do it...
:'''Aradashan:''' Or does Nara (Traveler) want to challenge Bulky Iron Chunk with only one stack of Ararakalari lifted again?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Aradashan:''' Well then, let's get started!
:{{DIcon}} Not now.
::'''Aradashan:''' If Nara (Traveler) wants to challenge the Bulky Iron Chunk that has only one stack of Ararakalari lifted, just come to Aradashan...
{{Dialogue end}}

;Arayuta's Challenge
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arasaha)
:'''Arasaha:''' Nara, train? Then find Arayuta...

;(Talk to Arasata)
:'''Arasata:''' Nara (Traveler), you are like a rushing river... Don't stop. Go to Arayuta and challenge the stronger Bulky Iron Chunk.

;(Talk to Arayuta)
:'''Arayuta:''' Nara (Traveler), you are as valiant as Nara Varuna in the stories!
:'''Arayuta:''' This time, Aradashan and I won't help you suppress the power of Bulky Iron Chunk. It will be more like the Bulky Iron Chunk in the stories. Worry not, Arasata and Arasaha will still help you!
:'''Arayuta:''' So, Nara (Traveler), what do you say?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Arayuta:''' I'm sure you'll do fine, Nara (Traveler)!
:{{DIcon}} I'll need to prepare first.
::'''Arayuta:''' Okay... Tell me once you are ready!

;(Fight the Bulky Iron Chunk)

;(Talk to Arayuta after defeating the Bulky Iron Chunk)
:'''Arayuta:''' Nara (Traveler) is awesome. If it's Nara (Traveler), even the mighty Bulky Iron Chunk from the legends can be defeated!
:'''Arayuta:''' Come to Arayuta, Nara (Traveler), if you want to challenge the Bulky Iron Chunk with two stacks of Ararakalari lifted.
:'''Arayuta:''' Do you wish to fight again?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go for one more round!
::'''Arayuta:''' So happy to see Nara (Traveler) fight again!
:{{DIcon}} Not now.
::'''Arayuta:''' Okay, tell me if you wish to try again!
{{Dialogue end}}

;Arasata's Challenge
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arasaha)
:'''Arasaha:''' Let Arasata lift the Ararakalari and make the Bulky Iron Chunk stronger...
:'''Arasaha:''' But I will help Nara...

;(Talk to Arasata)
:'''Arasata:''' Little strokes fell great oaks. Nara (Traveler), are you here to train as well...?
:'''Arasata:''' But Aradashan, Arayuta, and I won't suppress the power of the Bulky Iron Chunk this time. Though it's in the dream, it is still super scary. Want to try?
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this.
::'''Arasata:''' Please be careful.
:{{DIcon}} I'll need to make some preparations.
::'''Arasata:''' Preparations are indeed needed before facing a mighty foe... Get ready before you start...

;(Fight the Bulky Iron Chunk)

;(Talk to Arasata after defeating the Bulky Iron Chunk)
:'''Arasata:''' Nara (Traveler), you are like the wind that blows away mists and miasma. Even the strongest Bulky Iron Chunk will not stand a chance against you.
:'''Arasata:''' But a Bulky Iron Chunk with all Ararakalari lifted is still very scary...
:'''Arasata:''' If you are not ready, why not challenge a Bulky Iron Chunk with three stacks of Ararakalari lifted and hone your skills first...
:'''Arasata:''' Want to challenge the Bulky Iron Chunk with three stacks of Ararakalari lifted again?
:{{DIcon}} Let's try again.
::'''Arasata:''' Please be careful...
:{{DIcon}} Not now.
::'''Arasata:''' Do not hesitate to tell Arasata if you need anything...
{{Dialogue end}}

;Arasaha's Challenge
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arasaha)
:'''Arasaha:''' Nara (Traveler)...
:'''Arasaha:''' We will not help you suppress the Bulky Iron Chunk. You will be on your own. Is that okay?
:{{DIcon}} I'll be fine!
::'''Arasaha:''' Okay. Be careful.
:{{DIcon}} I'll need to make some preparations.
::'''Arasaha:''' Okay. I will wait.

;(Fight the Bulky Iron Chunk)

;(Talk to Arasaha after defeating the Bulky Iron Chunk)
:'''Arasaha:''' Impressive, Nara (Traveler).
:'''Arasaha:''' The Bulky Iron Chunk not suppressed by any Ararakalari has been... defeated...
:'''Arasaha:''' Mmm... The Bulky Iron Chunk with all Ararakalari lifted... Do you wish to challenge it again?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go again.
::'''Arasaha:''' Okay! Here it goes!
:{{DIcon}} Not now.
::'''Arasaha:''' Nara (Traveler) has completed the training. Very impressive!
{{Dialogue end}}

== Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1 = https://youtu.be/dQCUoCAN2rk
|caption1 = Legends of the Stone Lock Guide
|video2 = https://youtu.be/-jVQMi-lkpM
|caption2 = Legends of Stone Lock: All 16 Stone Pillar Seals Locations
}}

==Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Legends of the Stone Lock
|zhs     = 石锁机关秘话
|zhs_rm  = Shísuǒ Jīguān Mìhuà
|zht     = 石鎖機關秘話
|zht_rm  = Shísuǒ Jīguān Mìhuà
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 石の錠の伝説
|ja_rm   = Ishi no Jou no Densetsu
|ja_tl   = Legends of the Stone Lock
|ko      = 바위 자물쇠 장치의 비화
|ko_rm   = Bawi Jamulsoe Jangchi-ui Bihwa
|ko_tl   = Secret Story of the Rock Lock Device
|es      = Leyendas del candado de piedra
|es_tl   = Legends of the Stone Lock
|fr      = Légende du verrou de pierre
|fr_tl   = Legend of the Stone Lock
|ru      = Легенды каменного замка
|ru_tl   = Legends of the Stone Lock
|th      = ตำนานกลไกผนึกหิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Truyền Thuyết Về Ổ Khóa Đá
|vi_tl   = Legend of the Stone Lock
|de      = Legende des Steinschlosses
|de_tl   = Legend of the Stone Lock
|id      = Legenda Kunci Batu
|id_tl   = Legend of the Stone Lock
|pt      = Lendas do Cadeado de Pedra
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Taş Kilit Efsanesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Leggende del lucchetto di pietra
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}