{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11033
|image         = Story Quest Leisurely Chatter.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Grus Serena Chapter
|act           = A Thousand Moonlit Miles
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|character     = Xianyun
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Baotai; Chef Mao; Dixin; Ganyu; Huixin; Paimon; Qingji; Shenhe; Shuyu; Traveler; Wenliu; Xianyun; Yuandai
|startLocation = [[Mt. Aocang]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Minlin
|subarea       = Mt. Aocang
|prev          = 
|next          = A Search for Secrets
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*575;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Leisurely Chatter''''' is the first part of {{Quest|A Thousand Moonlit Miles}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Mt. Aocang]]
# Go to [[Yuehai Pavilion]] to meet [[Ganyu]]
# Go to [[Wanmin Restaurant]] to see [[Shenhe]]
# Sit and chat
# Get ready to eat

==Gameplay Notes==
* If the player has started {{Quest|The Search for a Physician}}, they will not be able to proceed with this quest until step 6 is completed.
* If the player has started {{Quest|An Adeptal Summons}}, they will not be able to proceed with this quest until it is completed.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Paimon has a sudden yearning for the quirky stories told by Cloud Retainer. Go to Mt. Aocang to see this adeptus, with whom you are quite familiar.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo lylq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've been to so many places lately! What do you say we take a day off from adventuring and just find somewhere nice to relax?
:{{A|vo lylq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon think, where are some nice places we could go... Oh, why don't we pay Cloud Retainer a visit at Mt. Aocang?
:{{A|vo lylq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while since we last saw that illuminated bird! She's always the one popping up out of nowhere and scaring us half to death, so let's surprise her this time!
:{{Color|menu|You and Paimon arrive at Mt. Aocang...}}

;(Approach the pond at Mt. Aocang)
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here we are! Right outside her place.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you still remember the first time we came here? We even brought offerings and everything.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And when we told her that Rex Lapis had been assassinated, she immediately threatened to "squash Liyue Harbor"! Paimon thought she'd be impossible to get along with, but now that we've spent some more time together, she's really not like that at all.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We probably don't need to bring any offerings now that we've gotten to know her pretty well, right? Still, Paimon's got some snacks around here somewhere, so if she really wants something, we can just use that!
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? {{Traveler}}? Did something catch your eye?
:{{DIcon}} Wow, it's...
:{{DIcon}} Don't think we've ever seen her before...
:{{Color|menu|Paimon follows your gaze and there, in the middle of the lake, stands an unfamiliar woman.}}
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, what a pretty lady! Is she also here to visit Cloud Retainer?
:{{DIcon}} It seems like she could also be a powerful adeptus.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right... All it takes is one look and you can tell she's someone special! As expected of that bird lady, really. She must have a whole bunch of adepti friends from all over the country!
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, but... If we're both friends of Cloud Retainer, then we're basically friends by association, right? Want to go up to her and say hello?
:{{DIcon}} Who knew you were such a social butterfly, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} I'll leave the introductions to you!
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Helping you make more connections is a part of Paimon's job as your reliable guide. Paimon's got this!
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Hello!
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Paimon is Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} (Paimon...!)
:{{DIcon}} (Just say everything in a nice, even tone!)
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Ahem... Paimon doesn't think we've met, but we're also friends of Cloud Retainer. May we have the pleasure of learning your name, Madame Adeptus?
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 02.ogg}} '''???:''' You two...
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 03.ogg}} '''???:''' What is this tomfoolery? Has this shift in form so clouded your eyes that you no longer recognize one anymore?
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're...
:{{DIcon}} ...Cloud Retainer?
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? You're the illuminated bird? But you look human! How did that happen?
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 04.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Donning human form is scarcely any test of one's abilities. As for your confusion, one merely had no reason to indulge such inclinations before.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So uh... you're indulging now because...?
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 05.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Well... One has made plans to pay a visit to some disciples at Liyue Harbor. Taking on a human form for such a trip is simply a way to make matters less conspicuous.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You, worrying about keeping a low profile? You're the one who likes to pop up out of nowhere all over the place. In fact, Paimon can think of several examples. Like last year, when you suddenly appeared on the top of a roof without any warning, or&mdash;<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: "[...]can think of several examples. Like that time, when[...]"</ref>
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 06.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Ahem...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It feels like Cloud Retainer has her reasons, but doesn't want to discuss them too openly...)
:{{DIcon}} I almost forgot. Paimon brought you some gifts!
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Didn't we agree to not bring that up unless she asked?
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 07.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Oh? So you have taken care to follow the proper rules of etiquette after all. Most commendable.
:{{Black Screen|Cloud Retainer tries, but fails, to look indifferent as Paimon begrudgingly takes out her snacks...}}
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Well, this is all Paimon's got. You don't mind, right...?
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 08.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' One has never found oneself lacking in basic comforts. On the contrary, it is the gesture that one values above all else. So long as you've shown proper respect and consideration, the quantity or quality of the gift is but a trivial matter.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh... That kinda makes Paimon feel a little guilty for trying to keep them for herself. Anyway, where were we before you reminded Paimon about the gifts?
:{{DIcon}} Cloud Retainer said that she's going to visit some of her disciples.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, right! So by disciples, you must mean Ganyu and Shenhe! It's also been a while since we last saw them. Maybe we can come too!
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 09.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' One planned to extend the invitation even if you had not raised the matter yourself. Shenhe and Ganyu should be quite pleased to see you again.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 10.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' However... One would first inquire as to the reason behind your visit here. You have cause to seek one's company?
:{{DIcon}} No reason in particular.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we just found ourselves missing you and wanted to see how you were doing! We were hoping you'd tell us one of your stories. Who knew we'd run into your human form while we were at it...
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 11.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Is that so...
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 xianyun 12.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' If there are no urgent matters at hand, then let us make haste for Liyue Harbor. Ganyu is likely still working at Yuehai Pavilion, so that shall be our first stop.
:{{A|vo lylq001 2 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds great! Then let's all go to Liyue Harbor!

{{Quest Description|You didn't expect to see Cloud Retainer in a human form. She says that she wishes to visit her disciples in Liyue Harbor. Accompnay her on her trip.}}
;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo lylq001 3 xianyun 01.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' *sigh* Ganyu has been quite busy with work as of late. One can count on one talon the number of times she returns to Mt. Aocang each year.
:{{A|vo lylq001 3 xianyun 02.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Shenhe has also secured employment recently. In her correspondence with me, she wrote that she shall have "no need to return for the foreseeable future."
:{{A|vo lylq001 3 xianyun 03.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hmph! Did they think one was so easily mollified? One shall investigate everything with one's own eyes, and decide for oneself if their living conditions are satisfactory!

;(Investigate the mechanism on the table, optional)
:'''Mechanism on the table:''' (An elegantly assembled mysterious mechanism. For some reason, it is hard to keep your eyes off of it.)
:'''Mechanism on the table:''' (It appears to be one of Cloud Retainer's new inventions, but it's hard to tell what it could be used for.)

;(Approach Yuehai Pavilion)
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're almost at Yuehai Pavilion! Hey, do you think Ganyu will be shocked to see Cloud Retainer like this?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we have no idea if Shenhe and Ganyu have ever seen her in this form before... Wait, where did she go?
:{{DIcon}} She's back there.
:{{DIcon}} She didn't come with us!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you just standing there, Cloud Retainer?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 01.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Quietly, now. One shall stay here. You two can go and meet with her.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But why? Isn't it better if we all go together?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 02.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hmph. If one were to proudly proclaim one's presence, Ganyu would surely profess herself otherwise unoccupied and drop everything to attend to one's visit. One fears that would only result in her staying up all night to make up for lost time.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 03.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' One does not wish to trouble her. Conversing vicariously via you two shall suffice. Do remember to inquire as to her recent well-being. Again! Do not mention one's presence here.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair enough, makes sense. Alright, then we'll just pass on your regards and&mdash;
:;(Ganyu notices from afar)
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Cloud Retainer?
:;(Cloud Retainer turns away)
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 04.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' !!!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, busted!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 huixin 01.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Is that lady someone you know, Ms. Ganyu?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' She is indeed. I'm sorry, Huixin, but could we delay the upcoming meeting for a little bit? I believe my schedule today is quite full. Although, perhaps I could move some work to later in the evening...
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 huixin 02.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Not to worry, Ms. Ganyu. I'll make the necessary arrangements right away.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Thank you, Huixin.
:;(Ganyu walks over)
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while, Ganyu!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Greetings. What brings you here today? And Cloud Retainer, too... It's been quite some time since I last saw you in this form.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 05.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' You are quite mistaken. One is not acquainted with this Cloud Retainer of whom you speak. One is simply... a mere mortal passerby!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems she's not buying it!
:{{DIcon}} Ganyu saw right through her!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 06.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Ahem, that was... but a simple test. One did not expect you to be able to recognize one so easily, especially after so many years of only seeing one's other form.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Ganyu looks totally bewildered... She's thinking, "Why wouldn't I recognize you...? I used to see you every day... how bad do you think my memory is?")
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But recognizing you is, uh... my responsibility as your disciple.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 07.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hah, an apt observation.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 08.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' One was simply passing by while attending to some important business. One thought it would only be fitting to pay you a visit while in the area.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon wasn't aware of any important&mdash; Ohh...
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cloud Retainer's right! We've still got something suuuper important to do, so we can't stay here for too long today.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Is that so... but it's been so long since we last saw each other...
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 09.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' One simply desired to see you and had no intention of interrupting your work. A quick conversation should suffice for today &mdash; a more involved reunion should wait until you find yourself less occupied.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I understand. That should be fine...
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 10.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' While one acknowledges the amount of work that you have to deal with every day, one must also remind you to rest. Though adepti blood flows through your veins, excessive exhaustion will still cause grave harm to your body.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 11.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Ah, it still makes one nostalgic to see you as you are now, respected and independent. When you were young, you oft begged one to cuddle you to sleep when you suffered from nightmares&mdash;
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' C&mdash;Cloud Retainer... Stop!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 12.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hm, if you insist. We are running short on time regardless, so one will refrain from going into each and every story. Why don't you continue your conversation? One shall simply stand by and listen.
:{{Black Screen|You discuss some of your recent adventures with Ganyu...}}
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Wow, you've been to so many new places since the last time we spoke. If you ever need anything, please just come find me at Yuehai Pavilion.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Also... Forgive me for my presumptuousness, Cloud Retainer, but if you plan to continue appearing in this form, don't you think it'd be helpful to adopt a human name?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 13.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' A human name? Hmm, you raise a valid point. Considering the sheer extent of one's renown, "Cloud Retainer" is surely too recognizable as a name.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really think so? ...Not that you're NOT famous, or anything, but... THAT famous?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 14.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hmph, you presume to know the extent of one's illustrious achievements? One would hardly think such a thing to be possible. Nevertheless, Ganyu's advice cannot be ignored. From this point on, when in public occasions, be sure to refer to one as "Xianyun."
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xianyun?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ah, I assume that's a reference to the "Full Record of Pristine Pavilion."
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 13.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' An adeptus of years past would rise with the clouds and rest with the moon. They were enlightened and wise, free and unfettered. The writer referenced master's name to describe her carefree and spontaneous nature.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that sounds super cool! Paimon feels like only the most powerful of adepti could rise with the clouds and rest with the moon!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 14.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Actually, those lines were originally written to describe Cloud Retainer herself...
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Wait, so you're really that powerful?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 15.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' And what of it? Did you truly take one to be nothing more than a bird of bigger than average size?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;Not exactly...
:{{DIcon}} (Paimon looked away in embarrassment...)
:{{DIcon}} (That's totally what Paimon had in mind...)
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 15.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' To be fair, Cloud Retainer rarely speaks of her past accomplishments. The tales of her past can only be found in ancient texts.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 16.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' It is said that once, a long, long time ago, there was a severe drought in Liyue. Left with no choice, many people left their homes, while others spent day and night praying to the adepti.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 17.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Although I did not live through such tragedy, simply reading about it is enough to gain a visceral understanding of all the pain and desperation during that time.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 18.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' On top of the drought, a noxious gas also began to spread through the land. If not for Cloud Retainer's efforts, much of Liyue would be nothing more than a barren wasteland today.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 19.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' The books had this to say about what happened:
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 20.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Upon arrival, the adeptus borrowed the wind to retain the clouds. Immediately, the clouds gathered together, and abundant rain burst forth from the heavens. Drought and plague were both driven away, and the people were saved.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah! That's incredible!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 16.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Mortal records add embellishments to dramatize past events. One did merely what one ought. And even if one had not interceded, the other adepti would surely have stepped in to help.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even so... you stopped an entire drought! Can you really control the weather like the book said?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon suddenly has a lot more respect for you! Eh, so it was Paimon's bad for calling you "illuminated bird" before. You're not too mad, are you?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 17.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' How laughable. A name is but a simple label we carry with us on our journey through the world. Why would one be offended by such a trivial matter?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... That's a relief... In that case, Paimon will continue to call you whatever feels right in the moment, hehe.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 18.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Well, that is quite enough ancient history for now. Ganyu, have you had word from Shenhe?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 19.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' One has heard that she procured a job recently. Have you any thoughts on her workplace? And what, pray tell, of her monthly remuneration?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 20.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Moreover, does she find herself overly inundated with work? Is she allowed time off during Lantern Rite?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That is a lot of questions!
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 21.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' There is no cause for concern, Cloud Retainer. I introduced Shenhe to her employer personally.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 22.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Wanmin Restaurant's business has been booming recently, so with Chef Mao being swamped with customers, and Xiangling still often out in search of new recipes, I introduced Shenhe to staff the restaurant.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 21.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' I see. Most excellent indeed. One has had the pleasure of being introduced to that family. Xiangling is kind and astute, while her father is loyal and reliable. One has no cause to believe that they will make Shenhe's work difficult.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 22.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' ...Now, it is almost time to partake in the victuals of noon. One shall visit Wanmin Restaurant in person, and see how Shenhe is doing.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 23.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Huh? But didn't you just say that you had something important to do...?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can that wait until after we've eaten?
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 xianyun 23.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' You may return to your work, Ganyu. One shall see to this matter on one's own. There will be many an occasion to dine together in the future. One is certain the opportunity shall present itself most readily.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 ganyu 24.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Of course, Cloud Retainer. Please take care. {{Traveler}}, Paimon &mdash; I'll see you some other time.
:{{A|vo lylq001 5 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you around, Ganyu!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo lylq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Paimon was pretty quick on the uptake there, don't you think?
:{{A|vo lylq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As soon as you mentioned important business to attend to, Paimon realized that you were just looking to cut the conversation short, and not take too much of Ganyu's time! Is Paimon right?
:{{A|vo lylq001 6 xianyun 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' No, in fact, it was not an excuse. One is indeed visiting Liyue Harbor for an important purpose.
:{{A|vo lylq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, for real?
:{{A|vo lylq001 6 xianyun 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' The moment is not yet upon us. Still, the truth will be revealed to you in time.
:{{A|vo lylq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... She really seems to be playing up the whole mysterious adeptus thing right now... Is it because we just heard that cool story about her powers?
----
;(Approach Wanmin Restaurant)
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 wenliu 01.ogg}} '''Wenliu:''' You get what I'm saying, right?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 qingji 01.ogg}} '''Qingji:''' Yeah, how can I not? Not even fine food is enough to distract from the presence of a fine lady.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 wenliu 02.ogg}} '''Wenliu:''' I'm far more interested in getting her details than ordering any dishes. Hey, how about you ask her?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 qingji 02.ogg}} '''Qingji:''' You do it.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 wenliu 03.ogg}} '''Wenliu:''' Nonono, I think you should... Wait, she's coming!
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' What can I get for you today?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 qingji 03.ogg}} '''Qingji:''' Greetings, Miss. I was just wondering... If you'd be willing to&mdash;
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' What would you like to order?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 qingji 04.ogg}} '''Qingji:''' Eek!
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 wenliu 04.ogg}} '''Wenliu:''' Two servings of Mora Meat to go. ...Good chat, bye!
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shenhe!
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Welcome. It's been a while. May I take your order?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't welcome us as guests and greet us as old friends in the same line! It's weird!
:{{DIcon}} It's been a while, Shenhe.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 04.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Mmm.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 05.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' And this is...
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, this is Ms. Xianyun!
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 06.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' ...Master?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 xianyun 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hah, one does not recall ever revealing this form to you before. How were you able to ascertain one's true identity with such ease?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 07.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I've trained and lived with Master for more than ten years. I would recognize you no matter what form you take.
:;(Xianyun is deeply moved.)
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 xianyun 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' *gasp* You...
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 08.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Is something the matter, Master?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 xianyun 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hardly, hardly. One simply learned of your employment from your letter and came to check on your well-being.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And check out the great food, too!
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 09.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Indeed, it is almost lunch time... My apologies. I'm still on the clock, and can't talk for very long.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 chefmao 01.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Well, if it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Are you here for Shenhe?
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 chefmao 02.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' The lunch rush isn't in yet, Shenhe, so I've got things covered for now.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 chefmao 03.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Go ahead, sit down and enjoy some time with your friends. I'll let you know if things pick up.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 shenhe 10.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Thank you, Chef Mao.
:{{A|vo lylq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woohoo!

;(Talk again to Chef Mao, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 chefmao 01.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' I wonder where Xiangling's run off to this time...
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 chefmao 02.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' If you bump into her, please let her know that a new shipment of spices has come in, so it'd be nice if she could come home and take a look.

;(Approach the table)
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' It is just as one expected. The owner of Wanmin Restaurant is indeed a most reasonable and accommodating human.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Still, the work here entails dealing with quite a varied group of people. Has this been difficult for you, Shenhe?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' It's been manageable so far. I sometimes run into strange people, but I have figured out a way to deal with them.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like you've been making progress! So by "dealing with them," you mean...
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' First, I try to talk sense into them. If that doesn't work, I threaten them with violence. At this point, they usually decide they are in favor of a civil conversation.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... How should Paimon put this...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds reasonable enough...?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' A sensible plan. One is gladdened to see you integrate so well into human society.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' And you, Master? How have you been?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 04.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Simply marvelous! Though Mt. Aocang has scarcely enjoyed your presence recently, one has hardly found the pleasure of one's own company to be lacking.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 04.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I see... Just as expected of Master.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 05.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hmph... Hmph!
:{{DIcon}} What she means to say is, she actually misses the two of you a lot.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 05.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I have missed Master quite a bit, too. Even though work has been busy lately, I've already had a conversation with Chef Mao about taking some time off soon to visit Master.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 06.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' You did? Ahem, do make note of such matters in your letters in the future. There is hardly a need to keep one in suspense.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, her mood shot up just like that...
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 06.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' By the way... Master, since you are in Liyue Harbor, have you had the chance to visit Ganyu?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 07.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Indeed. She is similarly preoccupied with her work. There was time only to exchange a few simple pleasantries.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ganyu told us the story of Cloud Retainer's name! It was amazing &mdash; we never knew how powerful she was before!
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 07.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I see. In that case, allow me to also share a story about Master's past.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 08.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 08.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Is that a problem, Master? I believe this to be a good topic of conversation.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 09.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' No, not a problem... one was simply caught off guard. But no matter. Please, proceed &mdash; one is most curious to see how much of one's own conversational prowess you possess.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 09.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Master once participated in a race against [[Moon Carver]]. After Moon Carver lost, he insisted that Master's ability to fly gave her a natural edge in such a contest.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 10.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' In response, Master agreed to forgo flying in return for being able to use one of her devices in the race. Moon Carver accepted, only to find Master with a brand-new device on the day of the contest.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what kind of device was it?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 11.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' It was a mechanical vehicle made out of iron. What was it called again... An "Electro-Powered Bicycle"?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 10.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' You refer to the "Bi-Cyclical Thunderflash-Mobile." One spent forty-nine days conceptualizing and crafting it. It need only be infused with adeptal energy, and it can cover thousands of miles in one day.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 11.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' It boggles the mind why Moon Carver ever supposed he might best me in a contest of locomotion. Though he sprinted with all his might, he could barely keep up.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 12.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Alas, the one flaw of my mechanism lay in its weakness against mountainous terrain. One was thwarted mere seconds from victory, when it was thrown off course and failed to make it across the final stretch... Truly a most unfortunate turn of events... Anyway, do go on, Shenhe.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 12.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Master, that was the end of that story.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 13.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Is that so? *sigh* With you gone, one has seldom felt the desire to call upon those old fossils for another contest. What is a race without spectators, after all.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 13.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Have you been lonely, Master?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 14.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Lonely? Hah, at one's age, entire human generations come and go in the blink of an eye. Even one's own self-directed musings can span several days and nights.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 15.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Tis a most foreign sentiment. The mere mention of it is preposterous.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 16.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Mmm? What is the reason for that look upon your face?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's nothing! It's just... Well, Paimon gained a lot of respect for you after listening to that story of you summoning the rain and everything. But... all it took was a few words out of your mouth, and it's like you're back to being that illuminated bird again.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's just a little bit confused... which one of the two is the real Cloud Retainer?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 14.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' To me, they are both Master. One is the Master that's widely revered by the people, while the other is the Master that I respect and adore.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 17.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hah, one finds oneself exalted yet again with sweet words of praise and flattery of a most extravagant nature. You chose to exalt one with your words, yet you refuse to grace Mt. Aocang with your presence for any extended period of time. One would almost question the sincerity of your estimations.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 xianyun 18.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' That is not to say that your words paint an inaccurate picture. One has always lived by a single ideal: eschew all action and abide by no rule. One does as one pleases and speaks as one pleases. Others may critique or praise as they see fit, yet one places little weight in such judgments.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She got like, what, two sentences of flattery from her disciple, and it's as if her ego is about to burst...
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 baotai 01.ogg}} '''Baotai:''' Do you have any empty tables?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 dixin 01.ogg}} '''Dixin:''' Hey there! Could we get another Fish Stew?
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 15.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' ...I'm hearing more guests come in. I should get back to work.
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Good luck with the lunchtime rush, Shenhe!
:{{A|vo lylq001 9 shenhe 16.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Mhm hmm. I'll try my best.
:{{Black Screen|As more and more guests begin to trickle in, Paimon takes the opportunity to order a whole array of delicious dishes...}}
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So much yummy food! Paimon's gonna feast!
:{{DIcon}} Can you eat this kind of food, Cloud Retainer?
:{{DIcon}} Is the food to your taste, Cloud Retainer?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' One is fond of all kinds of delicacies and delights in a multitude of flavors.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' The dishes here demonstrate no shortage of culinary skill. Their unique flavor profile has left one more than satisfied. In fact, one has been struck by quite the fit of inspiration. One has already begun to conceptualize the next generation of supreme cuisine machines.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everything's so tasty... A bit too hot at times, but still super tasty...
:;(As the three continue conversing, a young girl with an older lady speak with Chef Mao.)
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 chefmao 01.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' I'm sorry, Miss, but our tables are full.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Shall we try somewhere else, Granny?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 01.ogg}} '''???:''' But it smells so delightful... Can we really not eat here? My poor legs can't go on for much longer.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 chefmao 02.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Well... You could always check with some of the other guests and see if anyone's happy to share a table?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Okay. I'll ask around.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Excuse me, would you mind letting us share a table with you? There are no empty tables left, so...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, well Paimon doesn't mind! What about you guys?
:{{DIcon}} I don't mind, either.
:{{DIcon}} As long as you don't mind our chatter.
:{{Color|menu|Paimon looks at you and Xianyun. Xianyun nods.}}
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 04.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Great! Thanks so much. My name is Shuyu, and this is my granny, Yuandai.
:{{Color|menu|Yuandai notices Xianyun, and her gaze lingers, staring at her.}}
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Granny?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 05.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Yep. Is there something wrong with that?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, Paimon's just a bit surprised. She looks so young...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 06.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Hehe, yeah, a lot of people compliment Granny on her youthful looks. But she's actually much older than she appears.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 02.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' ...
:{{Color|menu|Yuandai observes Xianyun with doubt in her eyes, and their gazes meet.}}
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 07.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Granny? Why don't you take a seat? C'mon, it's not polite to stare...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Have we met before?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 03.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' No...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 04.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Tis a fated meeting then. Please, take a seat.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 08.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' What would you like to eat, Granny? I can order for you.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 04.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' I want... braised earthworms. They always pop up out of the ground after a rainstorm...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 09.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' No, no, not this again! Granny, there's no braised earthworms on the menu.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Braised earthworms? Well, that sounds weird... Do people actually eat that?
:{{DIcon}} Can't hurt to ask...?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, that's what Paimon was thinking, too!
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Need any help?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 10.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Help? ... Oh, do you mean with Granny?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 11.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Thanks, it's nice of you to offer. Granny has pretty bad dementia, so her memory's getting worse all the time. She's always saying things that sound kinda confusing.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 12.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Actually, her memory's been bad ever since I was little. But it's gotten so bad lately that I even have to remind her who I am every morning.
:{{DIcon}} What about your parents?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 13.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' They died young. It's just me and Granny now.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, um...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 14.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Ah, but it's okay, don't feel bad. Granny loves me a lot, and I love her a lot too. Sure, it's hard at times, but you just gotta make the best of the life you've got.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow. You're really tough for your age, kid!
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 15.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' You're too kind.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 05.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' And me? What about me?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 16.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' You're tough too, Granny. Plus, you're really gentle and you're always there for me.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 06.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Yes, and it's hardly as if I forget everything! I still remember the important things. Uhh... Wait, what was that really important thing again?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 07.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Ah, I remember now. It was a dream. I had a dream, where everything was dark. Someone was standing in front of me... She told me to come and find her &mdash; and that once I'd found her, I would be free.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 17.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Huh? That sounds super important... but how come you've never told me about it before?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 08.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' It was just a dream, so I forgot about it. But I'm in a good mood now, and somehow I remembered it again.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 09.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Ah... You know, I believe I've had this dream a great many times. But just how many times have I had it? Now that, I do not remember...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so you have a recurring dream where someone's talking to you? That sounds spooky! Does that mean... You're possessed?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 05.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Unlikely. Her eyes are clear, and her breathing remains calm and level. One sees no signs of possession.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 06.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Who do you take me for? Is one not an adept&mdash; Ahem, am I not an expert?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, you're right, Paimon almost forgot, you're the expert... In that case... Do you still remember what the person in your dreams looked like, Granny?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 10.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Not anymore. Although, I have a sense that she looked rather like... me, but not as I am now. My younger self.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 18.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' A younger version of Granny?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is just getting weirder and weirder! What is going on here?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 07.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' As one said, fate must have brought us together. You may leave this situation to me.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 19.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Are you sure? Umm... So, what are your names?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} I'm {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 08.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Just Xianyun is fine.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 20.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Thank you all so much for offering to help! But first... I'm sorry for asking, but, um... How do you want us to pay you back?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we don't need any payment for this.
:{{DIcon}} We're just curious about your situation, and want to help if we can.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 21.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Th&mdash;Thank you so much!
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're welcome! But Ms. Xianyun, what exactly can we do to help out this Granny?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All we have to go off of is that dream. Where do we start?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 09.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' That is elementary. Since her dreams portray her younger self, then we shall retrace the steps of her youth. Once we have revisited those places, her memories will likely return.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, sounds like a plan. So Granny, do you remember which places you went to when you were young?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 11.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Why, of course I do! The heavens above, the earth below, the wispy clouds, and the emerald mountain streams...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... Taking that as a no.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 22.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' I... might have an idea.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 23.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Once, when I was really little, my dad told me that Granny used to be a martial artist heroine who saved loads of people from a disaster.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 24.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' If it's true, then maybe they wrote about it in the history books, or something...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A martial arts heroine? Hmm... Oh! Xingqiu knows tons about Liyue's chivalric traditions. If anyone knows about the heroes of the past, it's him. Let's go find him at the Feiyun Commerce Guild!
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 yuandai 12.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Are you leaving already? But I'm still hungry...
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 shuyu 25.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' I'll go order some food, Granny. If there's nothing on the menu that you especially want, I'll just get a few different things.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 10.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' It seems we must part ways for now. {{Traveler}} and Paimon are bound for the Feiyun Commerce Guild, while Yuandai and Shuyu shall remain here and partake of their lunch. As for myself... I have matters to discuss with Streetward Rambler.
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Streetward Rambler... Oh! You mean Madame Ping?
:{{A|vo lylq001 10 xianyun 11.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Precisely. Let us meet at Yujing Terrace once you are ready.

;(At the other tables, idle quotes)
:{{A|vo lylq001 14 baotai 01.ogg}} '''Baotai:''' I've always wanted to try this place...
:{{A|vo lylq001 15 dixin 01.ogg}} '''Dixin:''' For this price, the food is unbelievable!
:{{A|vo lylq001 16 juan 01.ogg}} '''Wenliu:''' Everyone, please eat to your hearts' content! Today is my treat.

;(Talk to Shuyu or Yuandai, optional)
:;(Yuandai gets up from the table)
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 shuyu 01.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Where are you going, Granny? Don't you like the food?
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 yuandai 01.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Fresh milk... I need to buy you some fresh milk.
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 shuyu 02.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Milk? Why?
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 yuandai 02.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' You need to drink milk before eating, or the spicy food will make you cry. Hush, little one, don't cry...
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 shuyu 03.ogg}} '''Shuyu:''' Granny, you're forgetting things again! I'm not a little baby anymore &mdash; I can eat spicy food now. Even the super spicy dishes like their fish stew. I can eat two whole bowls, no problem...
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 yuandai 03.ogg}} '''Yuandai:''' Wonderful, how wonderful... my darling granddaughter is all grown up...

;(Talk to Shenhe, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 shenhe 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Ah...
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 shenhe 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I should get paid in another few days. Shall we take the opportunity to go out and have some fun?

;(Talk to Chef Mao, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 chefmao 03.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' This is one of our busiest periods in the year... Things should calm down a little in another few days.
:{{A|vo dialog lylq001 chefmao 04.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' I sure am glad to have Shenhe now. There's no way I'd have been able to cope this year all by myself.
{{Dialogue End}}

== Notes ==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Leisurely Chatter
|zhs     = 闲话家常
|zhs_rm  = Xiánhuà Jiācháng
|zht     = 閒話家常
|zht_rm  = Xiánhuà Jiācháng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 四方山話
|ja_rm   = Yomo-yamabanashi
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 일상 한담
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Charlas predestinadas
|es_tl   = Predestined Chats
|fr      = Papotage tranquille
|fr_tl   = Leisurely Chatter
|ru      = Уютные беседы
|ru_tl   = Cozy Chats
|th      = การพูดคุยสบาย ๆ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ngày Thường Nhàn Nhã
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gemütliches Geplauder
|de_tl   = Cozy Chatter
|id      = Obrolan Ringan
|id_tl   = Small Talk
|pt      = Conversa Despreocupada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Keyifli Sohbet
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Chiacchiere in tranquillità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[vi:Ngày Thường Nhàn Nhã]]