{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Leni.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Mondstadt
|location         = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Adventurers' Guild
|title            = Adventurer

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Leni''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Of Ballads and Brews]].

==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Leni is a girl with short gray hair tied in a bob and blue eyes, she wears the Adventurers' Guild uniform and wears a green hat.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Of Ballads and Brews===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Leni:''' Do you need me to do anything for you? O hero who fought Stormterror in the skies, the ever-dutiful commission shredder, the finder of hidden chests, the breacher of the unknown mists...
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to use so many titles every single time...
::'''Leni:''' Oh no, that won't do. As an adventurer who has accomplished far less than you, I must always show you the highest respect.
::'''Leni:''' I'm sure I'm not the only one in the guild who thinks this way. Please accept our show of respect!
:{{DIcon}} You seem really enthusiastic.
::'''Leni:''' Hahaha! Of course! I really love my job, after all!
::'''Leni:''' I think that adventurers should keep attempting more difficult challenges so they can keep moving towards greater heights.
::'''Leni:''' Whether it's bettering myself or helping others to get stronger, all these things make me happy!
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to participate in the challenge yourself?
::'''Leni:''' Aha! To tell you the truth, I've already had my fill defeating monsters when I went scouting!
::'''Leni:''' It's a pity that the creatures nearby are not in endless supply. As the one organizing the event, I can't just focus on making myself happy.
::'''Leni:''' You should also go easy and leave some targets for the newbies so they can practice.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Leni
|zhs     = 莱妮
|zhs_rm  = Láinī
|zht     = 萊妮
|zht_rm  = Láiní
|ja      = レニ
|ja_rm   = Reni
|ko      = 레니
|es      = Leni
|fr      = Leni
|ru      = Лени
|th      = Leni
|vi      = Leni
|de      = Leni
|id      = Leni
|pt      = Leni
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Leni]]