{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Leon.png
|region           = Golden Apple Archipelago
|location         = Golden Apple Archipelago
|title            = Die Nachtraben Ritter
|voiceEN          = [https://www.imdb.com/name/nm5982390/ Adin Rudd]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/AdinRudd/status/1550525100356644864 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Leon''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appears in Summertime Odyssey, Act IV: [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)|Immernachtreich Apokalypse]].

==Profile==
Leon makes his debut appearance inside the first volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land." Initially introduced as a knight of the Immernachtreich who is trapped in the cellar of the castle, he asks the [[Traveler]] and their party, which included [[Paimon]], [[Mona]], [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Kazuha]], and [[Xinyan]], to help him out in exchange for the password that would open the gates. After getting freed, Leon gives the password as promised and takes his leave.

In the second volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land," Leon is once again found by the Traveler and co in a trapped state. He bemoans that he is not yet ready to play the role or a qualified knight and reveals that he is an actor as opposed to a real knight. After getting freed a second time, Leon tells the party about the Immernachreich's rich theater culture before giving them the password to open the next gate.

Leon also appears in "Tale of the Sword-Wielding Princess," playing the part of "Loyal Servant." After the play's conclusion, he admits that there were small incidents along the way and adds that he was worried he would miss a line.

===Appearance===
Leon has a standard appearance for a subject of the Immernachtreich, being a nightraven statue with a purple scarf. Unlike the other nightraven statues, Leon is always seen wearing a knight helmet that covers his face.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Leon
|zhs     = 莱昂
|zhs_rm  = Lái'áng
|zht     = 萊昂
|zht_rm  = Lái'áng
|ja      = レオン
|ja_rm   = Reon
|ko      = 레온
|es      = León
|fr      = Leon
|ru      = Леон
|th      = Leon
|vi      = Leon
|de      = Leon
|id      = Leon
|pt      = Leon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Leon]]