{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest and Event NPC
|image            = NPC Lepine-Pauline.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm0164841|Kate Clarke]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/thekatesea/status/1725559162745299432 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://archive.ph/9ysZA Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = [[imdb:nm9312680|Oomori Mai ({{ja|大森舞}})]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/m4a1i4/status/1729779608591929537 JP VA Self Announcement] ([https://archive.ph/TBOKP Archived])</ref>
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Lepine-Pauline''' is an [[NPC]] exclusive to quests and events who first appeared in the {{Quest|Goal: Counter the "Phantom Blubberbeast!"}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Lepine-Pauline:''' You're back. So, did you find anything?
:{{DIcon|Graph Adversarial Technology Experiment Log}} Give her the samples.
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Excellent! Show me what you've got. Looks like "Graph Adversarial Technology" research is going to take another giant leap forward!
:{{DIcon}} About your research...
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Oh! You're really interested in my academic theories?
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' If you want to learn the essential elements of my theories, I'll be happy to share them with you!
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' However, I don't really have any core reference materials or papers for my theory yet, since I just don't have the time to sit down and write any papers. My reference materials are also a bit scattered.
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' After all, I was so busy dealing with all sorts of outsourcing requests from the Fontaine Research Institute, that I simply didn't have the time to do any formal academic writing.
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' I recently pieced together the importance of the "Graph Adversarial Technology" discipline from various bits of literature, and then immediately began this project, and didn't even consider creating introductory materials.
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' "Graph Adversarial Technology" is a very difficult academic discipline with a high barrier to entry. If you're absolutely sure you want to study it, I will certainly share all of my knowledge with you, and hold absolutely nothing back, not even the slightest detail!
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Of course, only if we can finish the task at hand first, hahahahaha!
:{{DIcon}} About the "Phantom Blubberbeast"...
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Huh? Are you also curious about the details of their crimes?
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' In order to get the first samples for my "Graph Adversarial Technology," I interviewed numerous shops, and none of their owners have even {{sic|hard|expected=heard}} of such a thing.
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Even the author of the report hadn't the foggiest notion, it was as though they had completely absconded from Fontaine...
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' I think either that the "Phantom Blubberbeast" criminal base is extremely well hidden and kept very secret...
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Or the Maison Gardiennage has ordered the shopowners to keep their mouths shut, and none of them are willing to reveal anything to outsiders.
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Either way, this proves that the danger posed by the "Phantom Blubberbeast" is quite grave, and thus proves there is a huge market for my "Graph Adversarial Technology"! This is an incredible business opportunity!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye for now...
::'''Lepine-Pauline:''' Good luck! If you collect good samples, remember not to make me wait too long for them!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Lepine-Pauline is likely named after {{w|Louis Lépine}}, a French politician known for creating the {{Fr|Concours Lépine|Lépine contest}} in 1901.
** The {{Fr|Concours Lépine}} is a yearly competition that aims to reward inventors and creators of new products, devices, and innovative technologies.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Lepine-Pauline
|zhs     = 乐平波琳
|zhs_rm  = Lèpíng Bōlín
|zht     = 樂平波琳
|zht_rm  = Lèpíng Bōlín
|ja      = レピーヌ・ポーリーン
|ja_rm   = Repiinu Pooriin
|ko      = 르핀 폴린
|es      = Lépine-Pauline
|fr      = Lépine-Pauline
|ru      = Лепин-Полин
|th      = Lepine-Pauline
|vi      = Lepine-Pauline
|de      = Lépine-Pauline
|id      = Lepine-Pauline
|pt      = Lepine-Pauline
|tr      = Lepine-Pauline
|it      = Lépine-Pauline
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Lepine-Pauline]]