{{About|the Dendro Archon|the playable character|Nahida}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Archon Buer Nahida.png
|realname         = 
|element          = Dendro
|region           = Sumeru
|location         =
|affiliation      = The Seven
|affiliation2     = Sumeru Akademiya
|title            = God of Wisdom
|title2           = Lesser Lord
|title3           = The First Akasha Terminal
|title4           = Blessed One of Wisdom, Mahakusaladhamma
|title5           = Lord of Verdure
}}
'''Lesser Lord Kusanali''', also known by her {{w|Goetic}} name '''Buer''',<ref name="Boat">{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref> is the '''God of Wisdom''' and the current [[Dendro]] [[Archon]] among [[The Seven]] who presides over [[Sumeru]]<ref name="C3A1P2 with collei">{{Ref/Quest|Further Observation}}</ref> and the new incarnation of the Dendro Archon, created by [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] from the purest branch of Irminsul to succeed her.<ref name="Boat" /> She currently resides in her vessel as [[Nahida]].

She is the youngest and likely the newest among The Seven, having risen to this position following the death of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata during the [[cataclysm]] five hundred years ago. <ref name="C1A3P3">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance}}</ref><ref name="VV">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Viridescent Venerer}}</ref>

Soon after her birth, the sages of Sumeru took her to the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]], where her physical self remained, never interacting with the world. However, she watched over Sumeru through the [[Akasha Terminal]], which she was linked to.<ref name="dawn">{{Ref/Quest|Dawn (Quest)}}</ref>

Due to the sacrifice made by Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, which caused all memories of her to disappear from Teyvat, Lesser Lord Kusanali is believed by all, including herself, to have always been the original Dendro Archon, and that she simply lost all of her memories and knowledge during the [[Cataclysm]], resulting in her imprisonment by the sages. The only known person to remember the true story is the [[Traveler]].<ref name="Boat" /> However, Kusanali seems to subconsciously know that there is more to the story than she can remember, yet does not wish to investigate the topic.<ref name="Farewell"> {{Ref/Quest|Dream of Farewell}}</ref> And the Traveler, for their part, has chosen to respect Rukkhadevata's wishes and kept the knowledge to themselves.

==Profile==
===Introduction===
{{Quote|I had a very, very long dream...<br />In it, people were holding hands, dancing in a circle, be they sages or fools, dancers or warriors, puppets or statues of gods...<br />That dancing circle embodied everything about the universe. Life has always been the end, while it is wisdom that shall be the means.|Lesser Lord Kusanali<ref>{{Ref/Item|Nagadus Emerald Gemstone}}</ref>
}}

Despite her status as Sumeru's Archon, Lesser Lord Kusanali has little power over her nation's affairs. Due to her isolation inside the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]], no one in Sumeru other than the sages of [[Sumeru Akademiya]] has seen her since her birth 500 years ago. The sages rarely speak to Lesser Lord Kusanali, and rule over Sumeru in her place.<ref name="dawn" />

Although Lesser Lord Kusanali is isolated from the outside world, she is capable of limited contact with it. As the First Akasha Terminal, her consciousness is linked to the [[Akasha System]], not only giving her access to the Akasha's stores of knowledge, but also allowing her to possess people by occupying their consciousnesses, although out of respect for her people's free will she only chooses to possess the bionic puppet [[Katheryne]].<ref name="dawn" /> She is also capable of appearing in the dreams of people across Sumeru.<ref name="trail">{{Ref/Quest|The Trail of the God of Wisdom}}</ref>

Lesser Lord Kusanali frequently intervenes in the lives of people across Sumeru, having once saved [[Aaru Village]] from an earthquake by channeling her power through the mad scholars exiled there.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Four at Loggerheads}}</ref> However, since her influence is subtle, stories about her are relegated to rumors and urban legends; even the Akademiya's sages cannot confirm her activities in the outside world.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Like a Triumphant Hero}}</ref>

Because of her isolation, most people know little about Lesser Lord Kusanali, even inside her own nation. Sumeru Akademiya promotes the worship of the deceased [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] over Lesser Lord Kusanali, causing most people to be apathetic towards her and worship Greater Lord Rukkhadevata instead. However, Lesser Lord Kusanali does have a few followers, especially among the [[Grand Bazaar]] in [[Sumeru City]], who celebrate her birthday with the [[Sabzeruz Festival]].<ref name="3.0 trailer">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/WIxkKExpu94 Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings" Trailer | Genshin Impact]</ref> "Lesser Lord Kusanali" is also considered to be a term of endearment.<ref name="C2A3P9" />

===Personality===
{{Quote|The God of Wisdom's enemy is wisdom itself, and the oasis of knowledge is a mirage in the desert of ignorance. In the city of scholars there is a push for folly, yet the God of Wisdom makes no argument against it.|[[Dainsleif]]<ref name="teyvat trailer">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TAlKhARUcoY Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview]</ref>}}

When finally met by the Traveler, Lesser Lord Kusanali shows herself to be an elusive and secretive individual, rarely leaving the Sanctuary of Surasthana or revealing her identity. She instead opts to utilize methods like telepathy and possession to communicate to humans. As a result of her lack of socializing she has a somewhat poor grasp of social interaction and comes off as a bit eccentric and distant and admits to needing to study human emotions more. She confesses to having a fondness for analogies, which she uses frequently in her speech and when answering questions. Like many in Sumeru, she dislikes giving direct answers and prefers people discover them on their own, believing this a better path to wisdom.

Kusanali also suffers from low self-esteem, a product of the way her people, particularly the Sages, treat her, and like them considers herself to be greatly inferior to Rukkhadevata and blames herself for her country's disappointment and apathy towards her. As a result she resolves to remain secretive and work on becoming a better god and letting the Sages continue running things, for the time being. However, she states that she would take action if they stepped out of line.

===Appearance===
Lesser Lord Kusanali appears as Nahida, a short, child-like girl with what resembles elven ears. The ends of her hair are tinted a different color in accordance with the other archons, with hers going from light gray to green—signifying Dendro.

Kusanali can also appear as different avatars; she can inflitrate the consciousness of those wearing Akasha Terminals, including non-human entities, such as bionic puppets.

In her depiction in Sumeru Statues of the Seven, she is shown to be wearing a similar cloak and draping clothing similar to the other known Archon statues. Her small frame is also shown sitting on a huge leaf, an attribute owing to her mantle as the Dendro Archon.

==Story==
===History===
During the [[cataclysm]] five hundred years ago, the previous Dendro Archon, the [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], perished after trying to completely remove the forbidden knowledge from [[Irminsul]].<ref name="Boat" /> Before her demise, she took the purest branch from Irminsul to be her successor, that being Lesser Lord Kusanali, who then ascended to the position of Archon.<ref name="Boat" /><ref name="C1A3P3" />

The day of Lesser Lord Kusanali's birth is celebrated in Sumeru as the [[Sabzeruz Festival]].<ref name="Windblume Research Report">[[Invitation of Windblume]] Event World Quest: [[Windblume Research Report]]</ref>

===Archon Quests===
Lesser Lord Kusanali is first mentioned in [[Chapter I]] by Zhongli and Ganyu as the God of Dendro, where the [[Traveler]] learns that she is the youngest of The Seven. After the events of [[Chapter II]], Yae Miko suggests that the Traveler venture to Sumeru next and seek Lesser Lord Kusanali out.<ref name="C2A3P9" />

Kusanali is not seen in the first Archon Quest Chapter related to her region, although the Traveler tries to look for her to no avail.

She first makes a proper appearance in the Archon Quest Chapter III, Act II: [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings]], where the Traveler discovers her as Nahida while stuck in a samsara created by the Akademiya sages and trying to break out of it. After they manage to dispel the samsara, Kusanali remained in the Akasha System to try and figure out what had caused the Sages to step out of line with their latest experiment.

While possessing the bionic puppet [[Katheryne]], Kusanali reappears in the Archon Quest Chapter III, Act III: [[Dreams, Emptiness, Deception]], where she plots to have the grand sage's assistant [[Setaria]] become a mole in the Akademiya. This plan ultimately fails, however, as [[Il Dottore]] ambushes Kusanali, alongside the Traveler and Paimon, with a group of citizens whose Akasha Terminals were hijacked by him to put them under his control. Kusanali subdues the citizens by taking over their Akasha Terminals, but this results in Il Dottore knowing that she is the God of Wisdom. Eventually, Kusanali reunites with the Traveler and Paimon at [[Pardis Dhyai]], but after seeing [[Haypasia]]'s vision of a "[[Scaramouche|god's]]" memories, a group of [[Eremites]] corner them. The Katheryne puppet is impaled by an Eremite; nevertheless, Kusanali escapes by switching consciousnesses with the Traveler momentarily. In the end, Tighnari reveals that Kusanali told him that Il Dottore has found a way to trap her consciousness in the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]].

During the quest [[Jnagarbha Day]], the Traveler is imprisoned in a confinement room, from said room the Traveler uses their modified Akasha terminal to connect with Kusanali's consciousness and after much effort are able to overcome her fear and self doubt and are able to wake her up inside her vessel, Nahida, afterwards the Traveler goes to the Sanctuary of Surasthana in order to free her vessel, after she is freed she apologizes to the Traveler for causing them so much trouble, she decides to block the Sages' access to the Akasha system and vows to make them pay for their crimes.

Later on Kusanali is able to modify the Traveler's Akasha into an upgraded version which she claims would help them in their travels, she then discovers the location of the [[Joururi Workshop|false god]], despite her lack of combat abilities as noted by the false god, she is able to support the Traveler by trapping the false god in a Samsara like loop which allows her and the Traveler to analyze the false god's abilities and attempt to find its weakness, after 168 loops, Kusanali asks for help from all the people of Sumeru and through the modified Akasha, she gives the Traveler all of their knowledge and all of the combat experience from the loops allowing them to defeat the false god.

After retrieving the Electro [[Gnosis]] from the false god, Kusanali uses the power of both the Electro and Dendro Gnoses at her disposal to send both her and the Traveler into Rukkhadevata's final memory, the Traveler then proceeds to tell Kusanali about forbidden knowledge, this allows Kusanali to better understand the corruption of the [[Irminsul]] and of [[King Deshret]]. In her final memory, Kusanali and the Traveler meet Rukkhadevata, Rukkhadevata then proceeds to explain that she was a branch of the Irminsul tree and just like her, Kusanali is the purest branch of herself that would eventually grow and become the Dendro Archon's next incarnation, Rukkhadevata then reveals that she has been corrupted to a level which cannot be fixed and that the only way to expunge said corruption from the Irminsul would be by erasing all memories of herself from the tree, Kusanali reluctantly realizes that this is the only way to save the Irminsul and regretfully erases Greater Lord Rukkhadevata from Teyvat's history changing the chronology of the entire story retroactively.

As she and the Traveler return from the journey, Kusanali's memories are completely changed and rewritten as to now fit a new chronology in which she herself has always been the Dendro Archon since the end of the Archon War and that at some point during the Cataclysm she lost her memories and was later imprisoned in the sanctuary by the Sages of Sumeru. As the Traveler contemplates on whether to tell her the truth or not, Dottore incapacitates the Traveler and Paimon and approaches Kusanali, he reveals that he arrived to directly negotiate with her for the Electro Gnosis, he threatens her that she cannot fight back and that his combat abilities are superior, Kusanali in return threatens to destroy the Electro Gnosis, theorizing that such an event could trigger the intervention of the [[Celestia|Heavenly Principles]], Dottore relents and agrees that it is a possibility, however realizing that it is better that the Electro Gnosis not remain in Sumeru, she agrees to give Dottore the Gnosis under the condition that he destroy all of his segments except for the one currently talking to her, after some back and fourth he agrees and as confirmed by Kusanali herself, he destroys his segments and she gives him the Gnosis, after this deal, Dottore makes an offer for Kusanali's own Dendro Gnosis as well, offering to tell her the truth of this world and reveals to her that the [[Where Ancient Stars Align|sky is a lie]], in return for this information Kusanali willingly hands Dottore her Dendro Gnosis.

Several days later, during a party set up by the Traveler and their companions, Kusanali takes control of the Traveler's body and uses it to personally thank all their companions who have helped her escape, the next day the Traveler meets with Kusanali in the Sanctuary where upon learning of their intentions to go to [[Fontaine]], she tells them about Fontaine's Archon and later reveals that while looking through the Akasha, she discovered that the Traveler's [[Traveler's Sibling|sibling]] appeared as being from Teyvat, despite the Traveler's memories and knowledge indicating that this is not the case, she also reveals a list of four "[[Descender|Descenders]]", a list of visitors from outside of Teyvat, she mentions that the sibling is not one of them while the Traveler is the fourth Descender, she suspects the Heavenly Principles to be first Descender but does not know who the second and third one could be, she finishes by saying that she will help the Traveler in their journey when she has the time.

===Event Quests===
It is heavily implied that Lesser Lord Kusanali talked to [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] during [[Summertime Odyssey]], first by intercepting the Dodoco Communication signal and then by speaking directly into the Traveler's mind.<ref group="Note">See [[#Trivia|Trivia]] for details.</ref> She says she is curious about the Traveler and that they may meet in the future.

==Character Mentions==
{{About||character mentions involving [[Nahida]]|Nahida/Lore#Character Mentions}}
{{Character Mentions|alias=Buer}}

==Trivia==
{{Transclude|Summertime_Odyssey/Story|possibly kusanali voice|section=1}}
* She narrated the [[Wanderer/Lore|Wanderer]]'s introduction under a new title, "Blessed One of Wisdom, Mahakusaladhamma".
** The title "Blessed One of Wisdom" is the localization of "智慧主" (lit. Keeper of Wisdom) and is also the original Chinese [[Sapientia Oromasdis|constellation name]] of her.
* Prior to meeting with Lesser Lord Kusanali, she was described in the following ways:
** [[Dainsleif]]'s line about her in the Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview criticizes her for allowing a "push for folly" through her own inaction.<ref name="teyvat trailer" />
** Over the course of [[Lisa]]'s two years of study at the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], she grew disillusioned by the "uninhibited erudition" she witnessed; despite being acknowledged as a student without equal in 200 years, she chose to return to Mondstadt and become a librarian.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Lisa|5}}</ref>
** [[Yae Miko]] similarly calls Sumeru's treatment of knowledge as a resource "truly inexplicable," before wondering whether this was developed by Lesser Lord Kusanali or the sages.<ref name="C2A3P9">{{Ref/Quest|Wishes (Quest)}}</ref>
** [[Hosseini]] mentions that some students in Sumeru Akademiya undergo a "prolonged period of scrutiny by the God of Wisdom" when the Traveler questions Hosseini's extended status as an undergraduate, but this may be figurative language for having to spend extra years at Sumeru Akademiya, as [[Yingzhu]] deduces.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Mr. Melancholy}}</ref>

===Etymology===
* The name Kusanali likely refers to the Kusanāḷi-Jātaka, one of the poems within the [https://www.jatland.com/home/Jataka Jātaka], a series of 547 Buddhist poems detailing the previous births of Buddha. The Kusanāḷi-Jātaka specifically details the encounter with a tree sprite.
** "Kusanāḷi" itself is derived from the Pali words ''kusa'' ("{{w|Desmostachya bipinnata|kusa-grass}}," a sacred plant used in Hindu ceremonies) and ''nāḷi'' ("a hollow stalk or tube").
** In Chinese, "Lesser Lord Kusanali" is {{zh|小吉祥草王|rm=Xiǎo Jíxiángcǎo Wáng|tl=Little Lucky-Grass Monarch}}. The word {{zh|吉祥草}} may be derived from the Jātaka verse {{Lang|"''Yathā ahaṁ Kusanāḷī rucāyaṁ''"|en=Just as (the reed-god) Kusanāḷi did to this tree|zh=于此鲁伽树，吉祥草助我|zh_tl=As to the ruca-tree will the lucky-grass help me}}. The word is also used to refer to the kusa-grass.
** In Korean, the name is {{ko|쿠사나리 데비|rm=Kusanari Debi}}. The word {{ko|데비|rm=Debi}} derived from the Sanskrit or Pali word ''devī'' ("goddess" or "queen").
** In Japanese, the name is {{ja|クラクサナリデビ|rm=Kura Kusanari Debi}}, where {{ja|デビ|rm=Debi}} may be of the same derivation as above, and {{ja|クラ|rm=Kura}} may be derived from the Pali word ''khudda'' ("small", "inferior" or "low"). ''Kura'' may also be derived from the Persian word {{Lang|mini=1|fa=خدا|fa_rm=Khuda}} ("Lord" or "God").
* Kusanali's title ''Mahakusaladhamma'' consists of three words: {{Lang|mini=1|sa=महा|sa_rm=mahā|sa_tl=great}}, {{Lang|mini=1|sa=कुशल|sa_rm=kúśala|sa_tl=skilled, prosperous, {{w|good}}}}, and {{w|Dharma|Dhamma}}.
* In the demonology grimoire ''The Lesser Key of Solomon'', "{{w|Buer}}" is described as a Great President of Hell and the 10th demon, having fifty legions of demons under his command. He teaches natural and moral philosophy, logic, and the qualities and uses of all herbs and plants. He has been described as being in the shape of Sagittarius, which is as a centaur with a bow and arrows.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lesser Lord Kusanali
|zhs     = 小吉祥草王
|zhs_rm  = Xiǎo Jíxiángcǎo Wáng
|zht     = 小吉祥草王
|zht_rm  = Xiǎo Jíxiángcǎo Wáng
|zh_tl   = Little Lucky-Grass Monarch
|ja      = クラクサナリデビ
|ja_rm   = Kura Kusanari Debi
|ja_tl   = Little Kusanali Devi
|ko      = 쿠사나리 데비
|ko_rm   = Kusanari Debi
|ko_tl   = Kusanali Devi
|es      = Reina Menor Kusanali
|es_tl   = Lesser Queen Kusanali
|fr      = Rani Kusanali
|fr_tl   = {{w|Rani}} Kusanali
|ru      = Малая властительница Кусанали
|ru_tl   = Little Ruler Kusanali
|ru_note = {{Lang|mini=1|ru=Малая властительница|ru_rm=Malaya vlastitel'nitsa}} is a feminine term.
|th      = ท่านหญิงน้อย Kusanali
|th_rm   = Than Yang Noi Kusanali
|th_tl   = Little Lady Kusanali
|vi      = Tiểu Vương Kusanali
|vi_tl   = Little Lord Kusanali
|de      = Niedere Herrin Kusanali
|de_tl   = Lesser Lady Kusanali
|id      = Lesser Lord Kusanali
|pt      = Lorde Menor Kusanali
|pt_tl   = Lesser Lord Kusanali
|tr      = Devi Kusanali
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sua Eccellenza Minore Kusanali
|it_tl   = Her Lesser Excellency Kusanali
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[Category:Gods]]

[[es:Reina Menor Kusanali]]
[[fr:Rani Kusanali]]
[[id:Lesser Lord Kusanali]]
[[ja:クラクサナリデビ]]
[[pt-br:Lorde Menor Kusanali]]
[[ru:Малая властительница Кусанали]]
[[th:ท่านหญิงน้อย Kusanali]]
[[vi:Tiểu Vương Kusanali]]