{{About|the [[Archon Quest]]|[[Jean]]'s [[4th Ascension Passive]] Talent|Let the Wind Lead}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00373
|title         = Let the Wind Lead
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Let the Wind Lead.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 4
|description   = The mysterious fellow claimed to be a bard named [[Venti]], but left on his own accord before you could get him to explain his relationship with the dragon. You follow him to the giant tree at [[Windrise]].
|startLocation = [[Windrise]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = That Green Fellow
|next          = Venti's Plan
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 5,450
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|2,850}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=4|title=Let the Wind Lead}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Windrise]]
# Talk to [[Venti]]
# Defeat the creature
#* {{Enemy|Eye of the Storm|x=1}} - Windchaser
# Talk to Venti

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Approach Venti)
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Though I was just wondering if you would happen to follow me...
:{{DIcon}} I want to know more about the Anemo God.
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You speak of the God of Anemo, [[Barbatos]]? He already disappeared from Mondstadt a long time ago.
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' [[Liyue]] and [[Inazuma]]'s respective gods of [[Morax|Geo]] and [[Ei|Electro]] are still present, but Mondstadt has seen many a moon since they last saw their own god.
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Why do you wish to know about the God of Anemo? Does it have something to do with Dvalin?
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... ahhh... it's because gods...
:{{DIcon}} Yes, someone told me about Dvalin's past.
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Just how is it that everyone sees Stormterror? I'm quite curious.
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That said, there's no need to rush...
:{{A|vo mdaq042 2 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I have not been back in a while, it seems there are a few who are unhappy with my arrival.

;(An Eye of the Storm appears)
:{{A|vo mdaq043 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The wind... I can't... open my eyes...
:{{A|vo mdaq043 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is a creature like that doing out here in such a calm place?
:{{A|vo mdaq043 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You think it was going after that green guy?
:{{A|vo mdaq043 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler)... His relationship with the wind seems even deeper than yours...

;(After defeating the opponent)
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Seems the dragon wasn't the only thing affected by this change in the wind...
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now then, you were saying someone had told you about the dragon?

:{{Color|menu|You tell Venti what Lisa explained to you...}}

:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Is that so? Quite the scholar I must say, that Lisa.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' She's not wrong. The conflict has reached this point, only because both sides have resorted to the use of force.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' His hate, however, did not arise from the people not making tribute to The [[Four Winds]].
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Nor was it born from his own nature, but instead came about as a product of his degradation.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Degra... dation?
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The black blood flowing through his heart has been torturing him for years.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's what has allowed him to be led astray by the lies of the [[Abyss Mage]].
:{{DIcon}} Abyss Mage? Never heard such a name.
::{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 09a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' They are from the Abyss Order, an organization comprised of non-human beings. They despise mankind.
:{{DIcon}} I think I've heard of them before in Mondstadt...
::{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 09b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Correct. They are from the Abyss Order, an organization comprised of non-human beings. They despise mankind.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I don't know where they come from. All I know is that they hold deep hatred towards the human world.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Many hilichurls out in the wild take orders from them and act as their weapons.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Before arriving here, I too was like Dvalin, cursed and left to waste.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But now, before us stands the Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero, the place from which Mondstadt rose.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The wind amongst the branches is good, I love the way it smells...
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Being here with you beneath this great tree feels like when the tear was purified earlier. Like the poison is leaving my body...
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Mmmmmmm... Feels much better.
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... how exactly did you get poisoned?
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahh... that would be because I tried to communicate with Dvalin earlier, but was... interrupted...
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As a result, not only did I not manage to help Dvalin break his curse, but instead, was also infected myself!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, ah... that...
:{{DIcon}} That was ...me?
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yes, it was you!
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 20.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, to make up for it, (Traveler), you're coming with me to the Cathedral!
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The [[Mondstadt Cathedral]]? To do what exactly?
:{{A|vo mdaq043 4 venti 21.ogg}} '''Venti:''' To claim a certain "[[Holy Lyre der Himmel]]."
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Let the Wind Lead
|zhs     = 听凭风引
|zhs_rm  = Tīngpíng Fēng Yǐn
|zht     = 聽憑風引
|zht_rm  = Tīngpíng Fēng Yǐn
|zh_tl   = Follow the Guide of the Wind
|ja      = 風の導くままに
|ja_rm   = Kaze no Michibiku Mama ni
|ja_tl   = As the Wind Guides
|ko      = 바람의 인도
|ko_rm   = Baram-ui Indo
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Que el viento te guíe
|es_tl   = Let the Wind Guide You
|fr      = Que le vent vous guide
|fr_tl   = May the Wind Guide You
|ru      = Да направит тебя ветер
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ขอสายลมจงนำพาคุณไป
|th_rm   = Kho sailom chong nampha khun pai
|th_tl   = Let the Wind Guide You
|vi      = Nghe Theo Hướng Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Führung des Windes
|de_tl   = Guide of the Wind
|id      = Biarkan Angin Memimpin
|id_tl   = Let the Wind Lead
|pt      = Deixe o vento guiar.
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Que el viento te guíe]]
[[pt-br:Deixe o Vento Guiar (Missão)]]