[[Version 1.2]]
*These parts in the description of Let the Show Begin♪ was changed.
**{{Color|Old description:}} Summons water droplets resembling musical notes that form a Melody Loop, dealing Hydro DMG to surrounding opponents and {{Highlight|afflicting them with the Wet status}}.<br />{{Color|New description:}} Summons water droplets resembling musical notes that form a Melody Loop, dealing Hydro DMG to surrounding opponents and {{Highlight|applying the Wet status to them}}.
**{{Color|Old description:}} Barbara's Normal Attacks heal {{Highlight|your characters in the party and nearby allied characters}} for a certain amount of HP, which scales with Barbara's Max HP.<br />{{Color|New description:}} {{Highlight|On hit,}} Barbara's Normal Attacks heal {{Highlight|your own party members and nearby teammates}} for a certain amount of HP, which scales with Barbara's Max HP.
**{{Color|Old description:}} {{Highlight|Her}} Charged Attack generates 4 times the amount of healing.<br />{{Color|New description:}} {{Highlight|On hit, Barbara's}} Charged Attack generates 4 times the amount of healing.
**{{Color|Old description:}} Regenerates a certain amount of HP {{Highlight|at regular intervals}} for your active character.<br />{{Color|New description:}} {{Highlight|Periodically}} regenerates your {{Highlight|own}} active character's HP.
**{{Color|Old description:}} Applies the Wet status to the character and opponents who come in contact with them.<br />{{Color|New description:}} Applies the Wet status to the character and {{Highlight|to}} opponents who come in contact with them.
----
[[Version 1.1]]
*These parts in the description of Let the Show Begin♪ was changed.
** {{Color|Old description:}} Barbara's Normal Attacks heal {{Highlight|all party members}} and nearby allied characters for a certain amount of HP, which scales with Barbara's Max HP.<br />{{Color|New description:}} Barbara's Normal Attacks heal {{Highlight|your characters in the party}} and nearby allied characters for a certain amount of HP, which scales with Barbara's Max HP.
** {{Color|Old description:}} Regenerates a certain amount of {{Highlight|the current character's}} HP at regular intervals.<br />{{Color|New description:}} Regenerates a certain amount of HP at regular intervals {{Highlight|for your active character}}.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
*Let the Show Begin♪ was available upon [[Barbara]]'s release.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>