{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75664
|image         = Event Quest Let the Bloomflower Trials Begin!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Tournament of Glory in Bloom
|requirement   = 
* Complete step 5 in [[For Our Saurian Companion]]
|characters    = Ballo; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Tournament of Glory in Bloom/Bloomflower Trials|Bloomflower Trials]] subevent.
}}
'''''Let the Bloomflower Trials Begin!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Tournament of Glory in Bloom]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Ballo

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The [[Pyro Archon]], [[Mavuika]], has agreed to hold the [[Bloomflower Trials]], and the competition venue is ready. All that's left is to sign up for it...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Ballo)
:'''Ballo:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon! We meet at last.
:'''Ballo:''' Welcome to the Bloomflower Trials! I heard from [[Mutota|our chief]] that you're here to sign up for the competition?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! But we were wondering, what exactly are the Bloomflower Trials about?
:'''Ballo:''' Ah, I'll give you a quick rundown.
:'''Ballo:''' The Bloomflower Trials are divided into two categories: "Offensive Battles" and "Defensive Battles." In each trial, a specified character must participate in the current martial trial.
:'''Ballo:''' Defensive battles are simple, just stop your opponents from attacking the tribe. Playing offense is trickier. Assuming your tribe's lost its defense, they have to sound a horn and counterattack.
:'''Ballo:''' To spice things up, we've added special ritual items into the mix. Attackers can charge them up to destroy the defenders' special barriers.
:'''Ballo:''' And even if this is a competition, we don't want to see uncalled-for violence or conflicts. Anything broken should be fixed, and if you see monsters, please clear them out.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... Paimon's head is spinning. {{Traveler}}, did you catch all that?
:{{DIcon}} More or less...
:{{DIcon}} Um... Definitely one of the quick rundowns of all time.
:'''Ballo:''' Don't sweat it! If you've got questions, come find me. The competition isn't that complicated, I'm sure you'll get the hang of it in no time if you participate.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Let the Bloomflower Trials Begin!
|zhs      = 荣花演武，开幕！
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 榮花演武，開幕！
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 栄華の演武、開幕！
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 영광의 꽃 대회! 개막
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Que comience la Prueba Florgloriosa!
|es_tl    = Let the Glorious Flower Trial Begin!
|fr       = Que les exercices fleuragés commencent !
|fr_tl    = Let the Flower-Adorned Exercises Begin!
|ru       = Да начнутся Испытания расцвета!
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = งานประลองบุปผาบาน เริ่มขึ้นแล้ว!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Diễn Võ Vinh Hoa Bắt Đầu!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Die Blumenkampfprüfung beginnt!
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Ujian Bunga Mekar Dimulai!
|id_tl    = Blooming Flower Trials Begin!
|pt       = Que comecem os Julgamentos Florais!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kuvvet Çiçeği İmtihanları Başlasın!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Le Sfide del Gemmofiore hanno inizio!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

[[pt-br:Que comecem os Julgamentos Florais!]]
[[ru:Да начнутся Испытания расцвета!]]