{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Leticia.png-->
|realname         = Leticia Randolph
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = House Randolph
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|title            = 

|ancestry         = House Randolph
|father           = Mr. Randolph
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Thompson Reed
|spouseRef        = <ref group="Note">See [[#Trivia|Trivia]] for the relation between Leticia and Rosa Reed.</ref>
|sibling          = Unnamed brother
|child            = Unnamed child
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Leticia Randolph''' is a historical character in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''. She was the wielder of [[Verdict]].

==Profile==
Leticia was the eldest daughter of House Randolph, a noble house in [[Fontaine]] which had great political power. Her father suggested that she must maintain her appearance and purity at all times, as the fall of House Randolph would take many lives with them. However, Leticia did not allow her to be bound by noble duty, and she had a journey to [[Fleuve Cendre]] behind her father's back.

However, her disguise was exposed by [[Thompson Reed|Reed]], a local resident in Fleuve Cendre. She was enthralled by Fleuve Cendre, and the intended little adventure eventually became her escape from her family. She fell in love with Reed and abandoned her surname Randolph.

Reed told her about the passion of "Boss", presumably [[Eduardo Baker]], to "let all that the sun shines upon belong to them, and let the Fleuve Cendre belong to us." He also left his fate to her jurisdiction.

After the purge of Fleuve Cendre, Leticia and her husband had escaped, and later joined Baker's force at [[Poisson]]. By the time she met her father again, she had already taken on the name of the rose, had grown accustomed to the axe in her hand, had abandoned her fancy dress, and had a child. Mr. Randolph pledged her to come home and promised a future for both her child and her husband. The end of her life was not disclosed, only a shard of memory about the [[Siege of Poisson]], and how the [[Marechaussee Hunter]] had managed to infiltrate Poisson using a secret path.

===Appearance===
She once had the fancy dress on her befitting of a noble, but by the time she had run away from House Randolph, she wore simpler clothes to fit with her axe.
<!--
==Story==
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Trivia==
* There is evidence that suggests that Leticia and Rosa Reed, the woman mentioned in [[Fleuve Cendre Ferryman]], may be one and the same:
** Leticia had abandoned her name and taken on the name of the rose, which fitted with the name Rosa.
** Her husband Reed may be the same as Thompson Reed, the husband of Rosa.
** Leticia had a child, and Rosa was holding an infant during [[Karl Ingold]]'s photo session.
* Many years after the Siege of Poisson, House Randolph had supported the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] in financial matters, and one member of the Ordo, Mr. Griffin L. Randolph, may have relation with Mr. Randolph and Leticia.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Savior's Wake (Quest)|note = certificate, floor 2|quote = Mr. Griffin L. Randolph, honorary Narzissenkreuz Ordo member, Level 1. Mr. Randolph comes from a long line of wealthy nobles. His generosity has provided the Ordo's archaeological aspirations with ample financial support. Unfortunately, he has remained unable to pass the Level 1 tests despite making several attempts, due to his inability to remember the relevant keywords. On account of his passion, and by the special permission of Mr. Ingold, he has been granted honorary membership and Level 1 access.}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Leticia
|zhs      = 蕾蒂西娅
|zhs_rm   = Lěidìxīyà
|zht      = 蕾蒂西婭
|zht_rm   = Lěidìxīyà
|ja       = レティシア
|ja_rm    = Retishia
|ko       = 레티시아
|ko_rm    = 
|es       = Leticia
|fr       = Léticia
|ru       = Летиция
|th       = Leticia
|vi       = Leticia
|de       = Léticia
|id       = Leticia
|pt       = Leticia
|tr       = Leticia
|it       = Leticia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}