{{CustomTabs|tab1=Overview|tab2=Reaction|tab3=Enemy|tab4=Weapon|tab5=Character|tab6=Talents}}
In Genshin Impact, most curves for '''level scaling''' are irregular functions.

For the purpose of calculations, this page collects data about level scaling.

Data in subpages are tabulated and sorted.

==Level Scaling in Reactions==
{{Main|Level Scaling/Reaction}}

For Transformative Reaction, the base damage is determined by the base multiplier and the level multiplier.

For Crystallize, the base shield HP is determined by the level.

==Level Scaling in Enemies==
{{Main|Level Scaling/Enemy}}

For enemies, their HP, ATK and DEF are determined by '''base values''', '''level multipliers''' and '''special multipliers'''.

For animals, most of them have 0 Base DEF and 0 Base Resistance. Their level HP multipliers are 1 for all levels. Their level ATK multiplier are the same as the multipliers of enemies.

==Level Scaling in Artifacts==
The value of the main stat in the artifact are determined by the level.

For the sub stat in the artifact, it is also related to the level of the artifact.

Every 4 enhancement levels, an artifact sub-stat gets added or increased:
*If the artifact has fewer than 4 sub-stats, it gains a new random sub-stat with a random value from the table above.
*If the artifact already has 4 sub-stats, a random sub-stat is increased by a random amount from the table above.

Values in UI are rounded, but the actual values used in the game are decimals with more digits.

For values in UI, see [[Artifacts/Main Stat Scaling]] and [[Artifacts#Sub Stats]]

Values with more digits can be checked in GitHub<ref>Source Data: [https://github.com/Dimbreath/GenshinData/blob/master/ExcelBinOutput/ReliquaryMainPropExcelConfigData.json Artifact Main Stats]</ref><ref>Source Data: [https://github.com/Dimbreath/GenshinData/blob/master/ExcelBinOutput/ReliquaryAffixExcelConfigData.json Artifact Sub Stats]</ref>

==Level Scaling in Weapons==
The main stat values of weapons are determined by '''base values''', '''level multipliers''' and '''ascension values'''.

The sub stat values of weapons are determined by '''base values''' and '''the level multiplier'''.

The values for sub stats will increase per 5 levels of the weapon.

For data in brief, see [[Weapons/Base Attack Scaling]] and [[Weapons/Sub Stat Scaling]].

For complex calculations, see [[Level Scaling/Weapon]].

==Level Scaling in Characters==
For characters, their HP, ATK and DEF are determined by '''base values''', '''level multipliers''' and '''ascension values'''.

For their bonus attributes, values are determined by '''base values''' and the '''ascension multiplier'''.

The values for bonus attributes will increase in the 2nd/3rd/5th/6th ascension phase.

For data in the max level, see [[Characters/Comparison]].

For complex calculations, see [[Level Scaling/Character]].

==Level Scaling in Talents==
The talent attribute values are determined by '''base multiplier''' and '''level multipliers'''.

For data in brief, see [[Talents#Combat Talent Scaling]].

For complex calculations, see [[Level Scaling/Talents]].

Values with more digits can be checked in GitHub.<ref>Source Data: [https://github.com/Dimbreath/GenshinData/blob/master/ExcelBinOutput/ProudSkillExcelConfigData.json Talent Scalings]</ref>

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox}}

[[Category:Game Systems]]