{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Lianca.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = First Speaker of the Flower-Feather Clan

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = [[Ix Ajkotz'i'j Iq'ismal Waxak]]
|motherNote       = Adoptive
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Unnamed son
|child2           = Two unnamed daughters
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Lianca''' is a historical character in [[Natlan]]. 

She was the founder of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]], and once journeyed with [[Xbalanque]] and [[Och-Kan]]. She died in battle against Och-Kan following her son's betrayal.<ref name="Breaker">{{Ref/Weapon|Chain Breaker}}</ref>

She was the wielder of the [[Chain Breaker]], and was also capable with a staff. She bore the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name|VK|'''Vuka'''|bearer=1}}.<ref name="Breaker" />

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
Lianca was abandoned as an infant and taken in by [[Ix Ajkotz'i'j Iq'ismal Waxak]], the "mother of dragons", who raised her among dragonkind in the jungles. Her surrogate mother loved her dearly, assuring her that she would always be her daughter and teaching her to "kneel to no one, be they human or dragon."<ref name="Breaker" />

At a certain age, in keeping with draconic tradition, the young Lianca set out on a journey to seek her own path. After traversing "many lands belonging to both humans and dragons," she came to understand how rare true "freedom" was. She would dedicate the rest of her life to creating a place where the weak could live freely and without fear.<ref name="Breaker" />

Over time, she gained a following of misfits &mdash; those who had nowhere to go, those unwilling to be bound by the rules of other tribes, even those who were banished. She accepted everyone, human or dragon, friend or foe. She did not require anyone to submit to her, nor did she care for titles and formalities. This was the beginning of the tribe that would come to be known as the "Flower-Feather Clan."<ref name="Breaker" />

Sometime later, Lianca and her group met [[Xbalanque]]. She agreed to join his quest, so long as he truly desired to "bestow the weak with a place where they are equal."<ref name="Breaker" />

When Och-Kan started building [[Ochkanatlan]], she and the Flower-Feather Clan joined the [[Grand Alliance]]. However, as he fell further into obsession and tightened his control over the tribes, Lianca began to doubt his leadership. She refused his orders to recruit more laborers for an excavation project, which Och-Kan saw as "a blatant abuse of power" and a disregard for the Alliance (even though he was placing those workers in inhumane conditions).<ref name="Sovereign 2">Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (II)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (II)]]</ref>

At some point, Lianca had a son and a daughter.<ref name="Twilight">{{Ref/Book|Fires of Autumn Twilight}}</ref> The son, who was also her chosen successor, became a secret advisor to Och-Kan and fanned the flames of the king's distrust towards his mother, urging him to eliminate the "hidden threat" for the sake of Ochkanatlan's future. The son's reason for doing this is unknown, though it was likely ambition or greed. Och-Kan took his advice, bringing his forces to face Lianca in battle. It is said that Lianca used her first arrow to strike down her treacherous son, the rest to fire upon Och-Kan's minions, and her final arrow to nail her own broken body to the jade bow, refusing to kneel even in death. At the end of her life, she felt that she finally found her own path, and accepted her death with dignity.<ref name="Breaker" />

Lianca's daughter had a childhood friend who had left the Flower-Feather Clan and now served Och-Kan as a Recording Officer of the [[Grand Alliance]]. The childhood friend made his return after Lianca's death to fetch the banner that represented the authority of the Flower-Feather tribe; he deemed Lianca's daughter too soft-hearted and lacking the strength to rule, so he schemed to become the new chief by marrying her. In truth, she already figured out his intentions and decided to lure him into the locked warehouse that housed the banner, where she set a fire to kill them both.<ref name="Twilight" />

==Trivia==
* The description of the Chain Breaker claims that it was "made in a far more ancient era by a dragon artisan." It is possible that Lianca's adoptive mother or some other familiar dragon forged this bow for her.

<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Lianca
|zhs     = 莉安歌
|zhs_rm  = Lì'āngē
|zht     = 莉安歌
|zht_rm  = Lì'āngē
|ja      = リアンカ
|ko      = 리옹고
|es      = Lianca
|fr      = Lianca
|ru      = Лианка
|th      = Lianca
|vi      = Lianca
|de      = Lianca
|id      = Lianca
|pt      = Liongo
|tr      = Lianca
|it      = Lianca
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}