{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 30015
|image          = Random Quest Lianne's Troubles.png
|type           = World
|group          = Random World
|region         = Mondstadt
|startLocation  = [[Mondstadt]]
|otherRewards   = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters     = Traveler; Troubled Lianne
}}
'''''Lianne's Troubles''''' is a [[Random World Quest]] that can occur in various places across [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Troubled Lianne]]
#* She will ask for one of the following:
#**{{Item|Apple|20|x=3}}
#**{{Item|Berry|20|x=2}}
#**{{Item|Carrot|20|x=2}}
#**{{Item|Matsutake|20|x=1}}
#**{{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=3}}
#**{{Item|Snapdragon|20|x=2}}
#**{{Item|Sweet Flower|20|x=1}}
# Collect the ingredients and give them to Troubled Lianne
#* The items will automatically be deducted from the player's inventory.

==Rewards==
{{Transclude|Random Event|Rewards}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be troubling Troubled Lianne...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lianne)
:'''Troubled Lianne:''' What are you doing here, Traveler?
:'''Troubled Lianne:''' I'm out looking for {{Color|buzzword|(Item)}}, but not having much luck so far...
:'''Troubled Lianne:''' Could you help me? I only need {{Color|buzzword|(1/2/3) (Item)(s)}}.
:{{DIcon}} Sure!
::'''Troubled Lianne:''' Great! I'll keep looking around here in the meantime.
::'''Troubled Lianne:''' When you're done, come and see me.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I'm too busy.
::'''Troubled Lianne:''' Never mind then. I can keep looking, it'll just take me a lot longer...
:;(Quest not accepted)
----
;(Talk to Lianne again)
:'''Troubled Lianne:''' Found anything yet?
:;(If enough items)
::{{DIcon}} Sure did.
:::'''Troubled Lianne:''' Let's see... Perfect! This is for you.
::{{DIcon}} I need more time...
:::'''Troubled Lianne:''' Take all the time you need.
:;(If not enough items)
:::'''Troubled Lianne:''' Still not found anything?
:::'''Troubled Lianne:''' Never mind, take your time.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lianne's Troubles
|zhs     = 莉安的苦恼
|zhs_rm  = Lì'ān de Kǔnǎo
|zht     = 莉安的苦惱
|zht_rm  = Lì'ān de Kǔnǎo
|zh_tl   = Lianne's Distress
|ja      = リリアンの悩み
|ja_rm   = Ririan no Nayami
|ja_tl   = Lianne's Troubles
|ko      = 릴리안의 고뇌
|ko_rm   = Rillian-ui Gonoe
|ko_tl   = Lianne's Anguish
|es      = La preocupación de Lianne
|es_tl   = Lianne's Worry
|fr      = La détresse de Lianne
|fr_tl   = Lianne's Distress
|ru      = Проблемы Лианны
|ru_tl   = Lianne's Problems
|th      = ความกังวลของ Lianne
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự lo lắng của Lianne
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Liannes Sorgen
|de_tl   = Lianne's Worries
|id      = Kekhawatiran Lianne
|id_tl   = Lianne's Worries
|pt      = Preocupações de Lianne
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Lianne'in Sorunları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I guai di Lianne
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Quests by Type Navbox|type=Random World Quests}}

[[es:La preocupación de Lianne]]
[[fr:La détresse de Lianne]]
[[ja:リリアンの悩み]]
[[pt-br:Preocupações de Lianne]]
[[ru:Проблемы Лианны]]
[[vi:Sự lo lắng của Lianne]]