{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Liben.png
|title            = Marvelous Merchandise
|voiceEN          = [https://www.imdb.com/name/nm5097979/ Armen Taylor]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/ArmenTaylor/status/1339668097658015744 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceJP          = [http://amuleto.jp/talents/福間竣兵.html Fukuma Shunpei ({{ja|福間竣兵}})]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/fkmshunp/status/1359480435902877698 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|type             = Event NPC
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Mondstadt
|location2        = Liyue
}}
{{Description|A merchant from Liyue who sports a striking appearance, as always. Well, as long as his conditions are as attractive as his appearance...}}
'''Liben''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Marvelous Merchandise]], a recurring event.

==Profile==
In the first Marvelous Merchandise event, Liben introduces himself as a former small time curios merchant who made it big after becoming involved with the [[Liyue Qixing]]. He learned from [[Ningguang]] that tough times were coming to the whole of [[Teyvat]], and that the Qixing planned on abruptly breaking ties with the [[Fatui]]. Planning on raking in big money by price gouging everyday materials once hard times hit, he recruited the [[Traveler]] in his new venture of stockpiling those materials. However, he discovers at the very end that Ningguang duped him in order to expose his greed and, humbled by the experience and left penniless as a result, decides to take a step back and reassess his situation.

During the second Marvelous Merchandise event, Liben returns, having paid off his debt by working at Liyue Harbor's wharf. He plans on gathering materials to send to [[Sumeru]], a nation of both rainforest and desert.

In the third event, Liben traveled to [[Sumeru]] to trade goods that he gathered before. This was a peaceful trip since he had hired several [[The Eremites|Eremites]] to protect him.

During the fourth event, using a large sum he earned with Sumeru's trip, Liben traveled to [[Inazuma]] after obtaining a business license there. Commissioned by a Sumeru researcher to bring [[Genius Invokation TCG]] cards to Inazuma, he saw a greater opportunity by buying [[Gorou|Ms. Hina]] publications and commemorative [[Taroumaru]] coins. However, the deposit for the coins was stolen, leaving Liben with almost nothing, and he traveled back to Mondstadt.

In the fifth event, Liben had traveled to Sumeru, but quickly left after some strange folks arrived, having felt an ominous air about them and that the nation had taken a turn for the worse recently. He could not sell his goods outside of Inazuma as it was virtually unknown, so he returned to Mondstadt. He decided to go to [[Qiaoying Village]] to stop by there briefly before starting trade in [[Fontaine]].

In the sixth event, after restocking from Inazuma, Liben visited Fontaine to observe the market situation before ending up selling out of all of his Inazuman goods, which were well received by the locals due to the scarcity of merchandises that were not mechanical in nature. However, Liben left the nation early due to the apparent social instability and unrest among its people.

In the seventh event, Liben revealed that he did not want to go to [[Natlan]]. A few days prior to returning to Mondstadt, he fell into a hole and was stuck there for several days, until a passing adventurer saved him. He did not feel hungry during the ordeal, and while he was stuck there, he spent his time stargazing, wondering if there were other worlds in the stars that could be visited.

In the eighth event, wanting to avoid the tense situation in Natlan, Liben travelled to [[Nod-Krai]], a city in the southernmost part of [[Snezhnaya]]. Before he even stepped foot in the city, he was robbed of his belongings by vagrants who took advantage of his ignorance, and was advised by a stranger to go to the [[Voynich Guild]] for recompense. He was amazed when the Guild not only hauled all of his goods back but also bought everything off of him too, reminiscing on how he excitedly recounted the large amount of money he received. However, not long after leaving, he was robbed again of all of his money by another group of vagrants, though he expressed a desire to return to the city, but only after he had hired a protection detail.

===Appearance===
Liben dons a disco hipster kind of outfit, with purple disco sunglasses, an afro hairstyle, a trimmed mustache, beige khakis, purple sneakers, and a purple shirt exposing his upper chest, tied around with a maroon belt. He wears glitzy rings on his fingers as well as golden arm braces. On his back he carries a small miniature temple with a purple banner and hanging lantern.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Event Dialogue==
{{Main|Marvelous Merchandise/Story}}

==Trivia==
* Liben's bag carries a pouch-full of crystals from ''{{w|Honkai Impact 3rd}}'', another game by HoYoverse.
* On the last day of the event, the item submission page text changes from "The items needed for today are as such." to "Though things have come to this point, a merchant doesn't go back on their word..." to reflect the revelations of how he might have been duped.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Liben
|zhs     = 立本
|zhs_rm  = Lìběn
|zht     = 立本
|zht_rm  = Lìběn
|ja      = 立本
|ja_rm   = Ritsuhon<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/KrJRhhcq_ek Ver.4.3 {{ja|「薔薇と銃士」予告番組}}]</ref>
|ko      = 본이
|ko_rm   = Bon'i
|ko_tl   = Mr. Ben
|es      = Liben
|fr      = Li le fiable
|fr_tl   = Li the Reliable
|ru      = Ли Бэнь
|th      = Liben
|vi      = Liben
|de      = Liben
|id      = Liben
|pt      = Liben
|tr      = Liben
|it      = Liben
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[Category:Marvelous Merchandise]]

[[es:Liben]]
[[pt-br:Liben]]
[[ru:Ли Бэнь]]
[[th:Liben]]
[[zh:立本]]