{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Libiac.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Scions of the Canopy
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Libiac''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
In his youth, Libiac participated in the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]], though he did not make it too far in the rounds. He was also trained in the spear.

When the Abyss invaded Natlan, Libiac and several others were waiting for evacuation to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]], protected by [[Achiyaku]] and his warriors when they were attacked.

If the [[Traveler]] previously helped out the camp, Libiac will have remained when Achiyaku was having the group evacuated, only to be trapped when a second, more intense wave arrived. The Traveler manages to find Achiyaku fighting the monsters himself, as all of his soldiers had died. They help him repel the attack, and as Achiyaku laments that he and the people he were guarding would fall, Libiac and Kunak, inspired, volunteers to fight in their place. Achiyaku accepts their offer, and they slowly fight their way back to the stadium.

If the Traveler did not help out the camp, Achiyaku, alongside his men and the rest of the villagers, were killed by the monsters when the second attack came. Libiac, along with Kunak, were the only survivors and tried to escape, but were spotted and forced to hide. When the Traveler arrived, they discovered the two and learned what had happened, offering their hot air balloon. Before a decision could be made, [[Jember]] and a few warriors arrived, who evacuated the two to the stadium.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* ''Libiac'' was a pre-Incan god of Lightning, and was the creator god of the {{w|Yaro people}}, equivalent to the Inca god of lightning "Illapa."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Libiac
|zhs     = 利别科
|zhs_rm  = Lìbiékē
|zht     = 利別科
|zht_rm  = Lìbiékē
|ja      = リビアク
|ja_rm   = Ribiaku
|ko      = 리비악
|es      = Libiac
|fr      = Libiac
|ru      = Либек
|th      = Libiac
|vi      = Libiac
|de      = Libiac
|id      = Libiac
|pt      = Libiac
|tr      = Libiac
|it      = Libiac
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[vi:Libiac]]