{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41422
|image         = 
|type          = World
|region        = 
|area          = 
|event_name    = Wishful Drops
|summary       = Endora, Paimon, and the Traveler confront Rhodeia and resolve the misunderstanding. The trio return to Springvale where Endora explains the [[Spring Fairy]]'s poetic message to Old Finch. After Connor is informed the bitter water problem has been solved, Endora asks to join the Traveler on his/her journey throughout Teyvat.
|requirement   = Complete all 5 Exploration Areas in [[Wishful Drops]]
|startLocation = 
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Endora|1}}
|prev          = Life Flows On (I)
|characters    = Connor; Endora; Old Finch; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''Life Flows On (II)''' is the final part of the [[Event Quest]] in the [[Wishful Drops]] event.

==Steps==
# Complete the "Rhodeia's Rage" challenge once (please return to single player mode to continue the quest once done)
# Talk to [[Inquisitive Endora|Endora]]
# Speak to [[Old Finch]] in [[Springvale]]
# Go to [[Dawn Winery]] and speak to [[Connor]]
# Talk to Endora

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After having helped Endora for this period of time, you are finally ready to cut to the heart of this problem.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Endora)
:'''Endora:''' I have reached an understanding with Rhodeia.
:'''Endora:''' She is the most renowned of us Lochfolk scouts, and also the strongest. But she fled [[Fontaine]], harboring a longing for the previous Hydro Archon.
:'''Endora:''' I can no longer return to Fontaine myself, so let me tell you everything.
:'''Endora:''' We Lochfolk once spread far and wide to rivers, streams, and ponds all over the continent, and we largely served as Fontaine's spies.
:'''Paimon:''' Spies!? What's the Hydro Archon planning?
:'''Endora:''' The previous Archon had no plan to speak of. She merely wished to connect everyone in the world, in much the same way as all water is connected. But with her passing, many of us have cut off ties with Fontaine.
:'''Endora:''' Like Rhodeia, the strongest of our number, they did not recognize the new Hydro Archon and desired only to keep the dreams of yesteryear alive. All Rhodeia wants is a small haven of tranquil waters.
:'''Endora:''' But she sensed my presence and believed me to be an assassin from Fontaine, and so she stretched forth her enmity, which turned the water bitter, in order to slay me.
:'''Paimon:''' But you were so small and weak when we first met. Did she really have to put in that much effort?
:'''Endora:''' The dominant mind of the Lochfolk can be very easily shattered if we come into contact with another smaller but wicked mind.
:'''Endora:''' I admired Rhodeia a great deal, and so I piggybacked off a Hydro Slime and left Fontaine, jumping from water body to water body until I finally ended up here.
:'''Endora:''' I doubt that any other Lochfolk would have shared my level of determination &mdash; unless, of course, they were an assassin on a mission.
:'''Paimon:''' When you put it like that, it makes you sound pretty awesome...
:'''Paimon:''' Still, you can't beat Paimon, who's piggybacking on (Traveler)'s journey all over the seven nations and doing just fine so far!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, come off it, Paimon.
:'''Endora:''' I have explained everything to her. The bitterness in the water should dissipate soon. She even asked if I wanted to join together with the waters of Qingce.
:'''Paimon:''' So are you here to say goodbye?
:'''Endora:''' I still have one message to deliver. Please, accompany me to Springvale once more.
----
;(Talk to Old Finch)
:'''Endora:''' Finch, Finch!
:'''Old Finch:''' Oh! You scared me...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not surprised that you're surprised. Endora learns lightning quick, after all.
:'''Old Finch:''' No, it's just that... The way you called my name, it sounded just like her...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...
:'''Endora:''' "With each small step a child takes, a journey through the world it makes. Drops of knowledge this creates, each one the child assimilates."
:'''Old Finch:''' "Day by day, a child will age. Drop by drop, a life is made."
:'''Old Finch:''' I know this poem.
:'''Endora:''' Our lives and yours are very different. As such, we may never understand each other, even for so long as we may live.
:'''Endora:''' But our lives are also the same. We all flow towards the ocean, experiencing new things and encountering new opportunities along the way.
:'''Endora:''' Thus, she says this: "When the stars in the night sky have all gone out, and all streams and dreams have mingled in the same great ocean... Then, we will meet again."
:'''Old Finch:''' ...I see.
:'''Endora:''' Life flows on, so please, begin to move again. Do not stand still.
:'''Old Finch:''' Haha, that's her, alright. Still treating me like a kid, I see.
:'''Old Finch:''' Alright then. I'd like a quiet moment to myself, if you would.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, (Traveler), guess we should head back and report to Connor, too.

;(Talk to Old Finch again)
:'''Old Finch:''' Life flows on...
----
;(Talk to Connor)
:'''Connor:''' Oh, you're here.
:'''Connor:''' I'm guessing that since it was you on the case, everything's been resolved and that's the end of it?
:{{DIcon}} Naturally.
:{{DIcon}} There were some twists and turns...
:'''Paimon:''' The bitter water should be back to normal in a couple o' days.
:'''Connor:''' I see, I see. It makes sense &mdash; even if you've removed the cause of the problem, it will still take some time for the water to cleanse itself.
:'''Connor:''' Well, I suppose I should inform the [[Adventurers' Guild]] that this case has been closed.

;(Talk to Connor again)
:'''Connor:''' You know, we did have a last-resort solution, which was to use the water of Springvale to make wine. I'm sure [[Draff]] would have agreed &mdash; goodness knows what he'd do without wine, after all.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Endora:''' Our kind expresses love by merging water bodies together. This way, many minds can coexist without division.
:'''Endora:''' But understanding other life-forms in this world is not quite so simple. So we observe, study, imitate, and manifest in the form of animals. You could also say that their forms have become a part of us.
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like watching the river flow away has caused some deep thoughts to well up in Endora, huh.
:'''Endora:''' I've never considered how I should live my life after this point. I always assumed that I would merge with Rhodeia, and that this would be good and right.
:'''Endora:''' But Rhodeia seemed unhappy. She, too, understands that she is only waiting for pure waters to become corrupted.
:{{DIcon}} So, what's your choice?
:{{DIcon}} Is that why you refused her?
:'''Endora:''' Neither Rhodeia nor the one who dwells in Springvale wanted me to follow their paths. But surely they must have hated their lives in Fontaine still more.
:'''Paimon:''' You guys are fascinating. Paimon's not sure what to say in this situation... But it's probably best to live in a way that makes you happy!
:'''Endora:''' I've decided to embark on a path that no others before me have. Journeying with you has been a joyful experience, and I wish for all my future days to be just as joyful.
:'''Endora:''' I wish to travel with you. Before this tiny stream of life flows into the ocean, I wish to see everything from the flowers that bloom on its banks to the clouds that sit on the horizon.
:{{DIcon}} You're welcome to join us.
:{{DIcon}} Wanna switch with Paimon?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute, (Traveler)... Does this mean that the position of transcontinental travel companion is no longer a Paimon-only privilege?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Life Flows On (II)
|zhs     = 潺潺向前・其二
|zhs_rm  = Chánchán Xiàngqián · Qí Èr
|zht     = 潺潺向前・其二
|zht_rm  = Chánchán Xiàngqián · Qí Èr
|zh_tl   = Water Flowing Onwards - Two
|zh_note = {{Lang|mini=1|zh=潺潺}} is an onomatopoeia for the soft sound of flowing water.
|ja      = さらさらと流れよ・2
|ja_rm   = Sarasara to Nagare yo - Ni
|ja_tl   = Flow with Rippling - Two
|ko      = 흐르는 생명・두 번째
|ko_rm   = Heureuneun Saengmyeong - Du Beonjjae
|ko_tl   = Flowing Life - Second
|es      = Los cauces de la vida (II)
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Le fleuve de la vie - 2
|fr_tl   = The River of Life - 2
|ru      = Ручьи жизни II
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สายธารแห่งชีวิต (II)
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nước Chảy Về Trước II
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Leben fließt weiter (II)
|de_tl   = Life Flows On (II)
|id      = Hidup Terus Mengalir (II)
|id_tl   = Life Flows On (II)
|pt      = A Vida Flui em Frente (II)
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:A Vida Flui em Frente (II)]]