{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41421
|image         = 
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|type          = World
|event_name    = Wishful Drops
|summary       = As the Traveler and Paimon are investigating the bitter water in Mondstadt, they find and save a Lochfolk named Endora. She then explains that the root of the water problems comes from Rhodeia's hostility towards her. The trio set out to meet Rhodeia to try to solve the misunderstanding.
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 50,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}
*Unlocks [[Wishful Drops]] Event
|next          = Life Flows On (II)
|characters    = Connor; Endora; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Old Finch; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''Life Flows On (I)''' is an Event Quest for the event [[Wishful Drops]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild and talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Go to [[Dawn Winery]] and speak to [[Connor]]
# Follow the body of water northwest and investigate
# Defeat the Hydro Slimes
# Talk to the strange life-form
## Obtain [[Special Bottle]]
# Return to [[Springvale]]
## Obtain [[Inquisitive Endora]]
# Approach the spring in Springvale
# Talk to [[Endora]]
# Help Endora capture Oceanid Creatures
# Talk to Endora

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The water source near the winery has become bitter for no apparent reason. The Adventurers' Guild hopes for your cooperation in resolving this matter.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne after arriving in Mondstadt)
:'''Katheryne:''' Hello there, Traveler. How have things been?
:'''Paimon:''' Has something strange happened again, Katheryne?
:'''Katheryne:''' Compared to previous major incidents, this one is not the most peculiar. However, it is still quite serious, as it risks having a great impact on Mondstadt's economy.
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter, then?
:{{DIcon}} Mondstadt's economy?
:'''Katheryne:''' Recently, the bodies of water near the [[Dawn Winery|winery]] have turned bitter without any warning. If this persists, Mondstadt's wine industry may be wiped out in just a few years.
:'''Katheryne:''' For more details, please speak with Connor at the winery.
----
;(Talk to Connor)
:'''Connor:''' Are you the people sent by the Adventurers' Guild?
:'''Paimon:''' That's us!
:'''Connor:''' Well, that's a relief. Now, as for the matter at hand &mdash; rather than listening to me explain it, you may as well experience it for yourselves.
:'''Connor:''' This is a bottle of water that we drew just recently. It is hygienic, don't worry &mdash; we've put it through its purification paces. Have a taste and see.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, oh, Paimon wants some too, Paimon wants a try!
:{{DIcon}} (Let's take a sip...)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh! Blergh! It's so bitter...
:'''Connor:''' This bitterness cannot be removed via conventional purification processes, so it's not an issue of the water's composition. I suspect it must be some mysterious elemental phenomenon.
:'''Connor:''' As such, this water can't be used to make wine at all.
:'''Paimon:''' That must've been tough for the nearby fish as well, right?
:'''Connor:''' We tried cooking some of the fish killed by the bitter water. All the food we made turned out bitter, too.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon... hadn't quite thought that far.
:'''Connor:''' Anyway, that's the situation. If you're looking for somewhere to start, my gut tells me you should investigate northward. Additionally, I wonder if Liyue's [[Bishui River]] or the waters of [[Qingce Village]] have been affected...

;(Talk to Connor again)
:'''Connor:''' There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with the water from [[Dragonspine]] or [[Springvale]]. The problem probably stems from Liyue.
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:'''Paimon:''' These [[Hydro Slime]]s are behaving a bit oddly, aren't they? Well, guess that's what you do when you're a bouncing, flouncing, bitter pudding.
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, that makes them super duper scary, doesn't it?

;(After defeating the slimes)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, there was something inside it...
:'''Strange Life-Form:''' Endora... no water... dying...
:'''Paimon:''' Endora... Is that your name?
:'''Endora:''' Bitterness... an enemy. It will kill... Endora.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, um, so what can we do to save you?
:'''Endora:''' Need... sweet water. Must go to... spring.
:'''Endora:''' Endora... need water to move. No water. Nowhere to go.
:'''Paimon:''' How are we going to get this thing to a spring?
:{{DIcon}} Well, we've got a bottle right here.
:'''Paimon:''' But it's bitter, isn't it?
:'''Endora:''' Endora... can endure. But... not for long.
:'''Paimon:''' Guess we can't afford to hang around, then. Let's get to a fresh spring, and quick!
:'''Paimon:''' Still, it's kinda interesting how Endora was able to make it this far off the back of a Hydro Slime. Kinda like our relationship, huh?
;(Obtain [[Special Bottle]])
----
;(Upon arriving at Springvale)
:'''Endora:''' Water here... sweet. Endora finds... [[Lochfolk|same species]].
:'''Endora:''' Endora and... same species, make the water sweet. Bitterness... [[Rhodeia of Loch|Rhodeia]]'s doing.
:'''Paimon:''' Same species? Oh, that's right, doesn't Springvale have a legend of a spring fairy or something?
:'''Paimon:''' But first things first, let's get rid of the bitter water from our bottle and refill it from the spring.
;(Obtain [[Inquisitive Endora]])

;(After getting close to the spring)
:'''[[Old Finch]]:''' ...Who are you?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, hang on a moment, Endora, you can't just run out by yourself like that!
:'''Endora:''' I am Endora. I am a Lochfolk.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, that's right! This guy is supposed to be one of the real believers in the spring fairy's existence.
:'''Old Finch:''' ...Mm-hmm.
:'''Old Finch:''' You're the spitting image of her. Just a fair bit smaller.
:'''Endora:''' Endora... still small! Endora... still learning.
:'''Old Finch:''' Well, your appearance proves to me that she was real. It wasn't just a dream.
:'''Endora:''' She is still here. Name... unknown. She will not answer Endora.
:'''Endora:''' Endora... wants to talk to her. Can take a message. What do you want to say?
:'''Old Finch:''' You're saying she's been here all this time? And you can give her a message for me?
:'''Endora:''' Yes. Yes.
:'''Old Finch:''' ...Hmm.
:'''Old Finch:''' I'm so old now, I...
:'''Old Finch:''' ...Tell her I said hello.

;(Talk to Old Finch again)
:'''Old Finch:''' She is real, after all. But why does she no longer speak?

;(Talk to Endora)
:'''Endora:''' ...
:'''Endora:''' She said some... strange things. Endora does not understand.
:'''Endora:''' The stream... hmm... I did not understand. Asked, received no reply.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps your vocabulary could use a little more breadth.
:'''Paimon:''' Guess the spring fairy must have her reasons for not wanting to meet us.
:'''Endora:''' I do not... understand. Lochfolk like to join together.
:'''Endora:''' She is... one mind. All alone.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe it's because other creatures can't fit in with you.
:'''Endora:''' Oh? Why not?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we'd drown for starters!
:'''Endora:''' You are lonely... We love all... We love all people.
:'''Endora:''' Ah!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What's going on?
:'''Endora:''' Rhodeia's gaze... near the [[Stone Gate]]! Small water animals. Her scouts.
:'''Paimon:''' Water animals? We saw some Oceanid Creatures 'round here here once, didn't we?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I think so.
:{{DIcon}} Really? I don't remember.
:'''Endora:''' Powerful water... changes shape into animals. Very dangerous. But joining with them... we learn new things.
:'''Endora:''' Take me there. Rhodeia is uneasy. Rhodeia... makes water bitter. Endora will learn to speak. Explain to her.
:{{DIcon}} So you're saying that you can help us, then?
:'''Endora:''' Yes. Yes.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, (Traveler), it's worth a shot. We don't have any other clues, anyway.
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:'''Paimon:''' Look! [[Hydro Mimics|Oceanid Creatures]]!
:'''Endora:''' They... carry messages. Learn... by joining with them.

;(Upon noticing a Boar Hydro Mimic constantly being frozen by a [[Mist Flower]])
:'''Paimon:''' Haha... they look so silly.
:'''Endora:''' This would happen to Endora too... Mist Flowers... strongest in Teyvat.

;(Upon noticing a few Oceanid Creatures under the bridge)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, you can find them under the bridge, too.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehehe, a few little ducks went out one day, under the bridge and far away...

;(After getting the progress bar to 100%)
:'''Endora:''' The spring's message is... a poem.
:'''Endora:''' But... Endora doesn't understand it...
----
;(Talk to Endora)
:'''Endora:''' I have found something!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, you're speaking fluently all of a sudden!
:'''Endora:''' My grasp of language has expanded from merging with those Oceanid Creatures. I can now comprehend the message from Springvale.
:'''Endora:''' "The stream of life flows on." It's a little melancholic. A short but enigmatic poem. I don't understand it.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you'll figure it out in the future.
:'''Endora:''' Endora still has much to learn.
:'''Endora:''' Rhodeia has been going wild lately. I must face her, and perhaps we can solve the problem that way.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Life Flows On (I)
|zhs     = 潺潺向前・其一
|zhs_rm  = Chánchán Xiàngqián · Qí Yī
|zht     = 潺潺向前・其一
|zht_rm  = Chánchán Xiàngqián · Qí Yī
|zh_tl   = Water Flowing Onwards - One
|zh_note = {{Lang|mini=1|zh=潺潺}} is an onomatopoeia for the soft sound of flowing water.
|ja      = さらさらと流れよ・1
|ja_rm   = Sarasara to Nagare yo - Ichi
|ja_tl   = Flow with Rippling - One
|ko      = 흐르는 생명・첫 번째
|ko_rm   = Heureuneun Saengmyeong - Cheot Beonjjae
|ko_tl   = Flowing Life - First
|es      = Los cauces de la vida (I)
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Le fleuve de la vie - 1
|fr_tl   = The River of Life - 1
|ru      = Ручьи жизни I
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สายธารแห่งชีวิต (I)
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nước Chảy Về Trước I
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Leben fließt weiter (I)
|de_tl   = Life Flows On (I)
|id      = Hidup Terus Mengalir (I)
|id_tl   = Life Flows On (I)
|pt      = A Vida Flui em Frente (I)
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:A Vida Flui em Frente (I)]]