{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19051
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Beidou
|actNum        = I
|act           = When the Crux Shines Bright
|description   = Beidou invites you to experience the survival knowledge training conducted by The Shield of The Crux. Learn something about illnesses experienced on the high seas with Yinxing, the surgeon at sea.
|startLocation = [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = A Special Guest
|characters    = Beidou; Huixing; Juza; Traveler; Xu Liushi; Yinxing
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Life on the High Seas''' is a quest in [[Beidou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[When the Crux Shines Bright]].
==Steps==
;[[Life on the High Seas#Training: The Shield of the Crux|'''Training: The Shield of the Crux''']]
# Learn from Yinxing
# Consult Huixing the navigator
# Learn a thing or two from Xu Liushi
;[[Life on the High Seas#A Little Test|'''A Little Test''']]
# Report back to Beidou
#*The correct answers are:
#**Underestimating danger.
#**To mark distances.
#**The presence of dark clouds and strong winds in opposite directions, plus white vortices in the clouds.
#*If you get 0 or 1 correct answer, go to [[Beneath the Surface]] instead.
#*If you get 2 or 3 correct answers, continue to '''The Photography Crew'''.

;[[Life on the High Seas#The Photography Crew|'''The Photography Crew''']]
# Go to the photography class
#*Choose a fishing village near Wangshu Inn. Continue to '''The Nameless Fishing Village'''.
#*Choosing Yaoguang Shoal or Mt. Tianheng ends the hangout.

;[[Life on the High Seas#The Nameless Fishing Village|'''The Nameless Fishing Village''']]
# Head to the fishing village near Wangshu Inn
# Take a stroll with Beidou in the fishing village
;[[Life on the High Seas#The Long Years|'''The Long Years''']]
# Go with Beidou to the fishing village for a walk
;[[Life on the High Seas#A Smattering of Memories|'''A Smattering of Memories''']]
# Talk to Beidou
#*Choose flirtatious pose to reach ''"Flirtatious"'' ending.
#*Choose epic pose or whatever she prefers. Continue to '''Snap!''' and reach ''Photography for Two'' ending.

;[[Life on the High Seas#Snap!|'''Snap!''']]
# Take a picture of Beidou
# Talk to Beidou

==Dialogue==
===Training: The Shield of the Crux===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Beidou before talking to the rest)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I can't wait to see how you perform.

;(Learn from Yinxing)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_01.ogg}} '''[[Yinxing]]:''' Hello, Traveler. I am Yinxing, The Crux's surgeon at sea.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_02.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Whenever a sailor has a health problem, they come to me. I deal with it all &mdash; from seasickness and common colds, to amputations, and everything in between.
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to learn about treating injuries and illnesses at sea.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_03.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Oh, I presume the Captain arranged this, correct? Alright then, let's begin.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_04.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' First of all, let me ask you this. What do you think is the biggest danger that all new crew members face?
:{{DIcon}} Getting seasick?
:{{DIcon}} Catching a cold?
:{{DIcon}} Losing a limb?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_05.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' That can certainly be a problem at sea, but it's not the biggest danger. The most dangerous thing for a newcomer is to underestimate the dangers of life at sea.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_06.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' I have seen many new crew members who see themselves as young and fighting fit and have no regard for safety. They think that since they are tough enough to look after themselves on land, they'll be fine at sea as well.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_07.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Those are the ones that always end up in the sick bay. Everyone should know that being a sailor, especially on a long voyage, is a brutal job in an unforgiving environment.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_08.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' We have to face malnutrition when we're short on supplies, all kinds of injuries and diseases that the harsh ocean weather can bring...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_09.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' ...and even the psychological problems that can arise due to isolation and the lack of entertainment.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_10.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' To make things worse, the lack of medication and treatment options at sea can result in even minor health problems becoming serious, or even fatal...
:{{DIcon}} Hence, the need for amputations...?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_11.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Haha, you probably thought I was joking, right? That's not surprising. Most newcomers think the same way.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_12.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' But hopefully you now realize that with a little extra precaution, a lot of these things can be avoided...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_13.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Well, I think that's enough for you to think over for now.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_14.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Is there anything else you would like to know?
:{{DIcon}} What's Beidou's view on this?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_15.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Captain Beidou?... Out of everyone I have met, she probably values people's lives and safety the most.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_16.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Although I'm just a doctor, Beidou has given me the full authority to send any newcomers who I don't see as fit for service off the ship until they are ready to come back with the right attitude.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_17.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Every time we're stocking up before a voyage, medicine takes top priority. I'm even allowed to choose the suppliers regardless of the price, we have adequate budget for medical expenses.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_18.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Do you know what Mora-Grubber, our bookkeeper, calls this?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_19.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' A significant financial risk. Hehe.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_20.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' But Beidou knows the importance of having a healthy crew. That's why she has authorized me regardless.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_21.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' She places her full trust in me and believes that I can solve these problems... Of course, I have proven her right.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_22.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' So, to answer your question, that's how she thinks!
:{{DIcon}} What happens to the crew members who have had limbs amputated?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_23.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Hmm? Are you concerned about them? No wonder Captain Beidou thinks you are different, there must be more to you than just your strength.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_24.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' If you can convince Mora-Grubber to show you the books, you'll see there is a regular fixed cost, titled "Convalescence Payments and Incapacity Support for Injured Crew Members."
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_25.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Regardless of the fleet's income, those who have fought alongside us will certainly receive their compensation every year.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_26.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Some of those that have returned to land have started small businesses, while others have chosen to go out traveling the world.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_27.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' The money is intended to allow them to live their lives as freely as possible. I'm sure being based on land helps a lot with that, too...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_28.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Still, we can't pretend like it solves everything. They call them life-changing injuries for a reason, you know?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_29.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' But if nothing else, it's good to know that while Captain Beidou is in charge of The Crux, no one will get forgotten.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks. I've learned a lot.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_yinxing_30.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' My pleasure. Okay, let's leave it there, then. Be sure to take good care of your health.

;(Talk to Yinxing again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_yinxing_01.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Be sure to take good care of yourself.

;(Consult Huixing the navigator)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_01.ogg}} '''[[Huixing]]:''' Sorry about earlier, Traveler...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_02.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' We were so caught up on getting you to join the fleet that we didn't notice we were going a little overboard... Good thing the Captain stepped in.
:{{DIcon}} It's okay. I was hoping to learn a little more about cartography.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_03.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Oh! Well, in that case, you have come to the right person. I'm not just blowing smoke, you're looking at the most talented navigator in Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_04.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' I'll start by introducing some chart-reading essentials for new sailors. Feel free to interrupt if you have any questions.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_05.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Let's start with what to look for when you get a set of complicated charts.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_06.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' First, you should always look at any indicated shorelines, islands or reefs, water depths, hydrological conditions, and other hazards.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_07.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' With these features in mind, you can answer the basic question of "can I chart a safe course through this area."
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_08.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Visually, nautical charts are a little unique. Unlike land maps, most charts do not have a fixed scale, which means that it can be hard to precisely determine the exact distance between two points.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_09.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' The most advanced nautical charts come with a supplementary chart, which has different colored lines marked on it to indicate distances.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_10.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' It's worth mentioning that under my direction, The Crux is using these advanced kinds of charts!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_11.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Some cartographers mark out other points of interest on their charts, usually with their own special symbols. If they don't leave any accompanying notes, they can be very difficult to interpret.
:{{DIcon}} For example, charts inherited from the previous navigator?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_12.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Haha, not only those. We have tattered and torn charts that we've picked up from all over the place.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_13.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' To be honest, it can be quite a challenge, even for me. Some of these charts are really old and have symbols that I have never seen before...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_14.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' But if we don't decipher them, we will certainly miss many secrets of the sea.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_15.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Fortunately, we have the Captain with us. She managed to find some ancient books on semiotics that I can use to study the charts further.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_16.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' I don't think anyone other than our Captain could manage to get these kinds of resources. Old charts and ancient books on semiotics are not the kinds of things that are sold in your average marketplace...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_17.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Oops! I've gotten off-topic, hehe. Well, that just about covers the basics of chart-reading.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_18.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Is there anything else you would like to know, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Do you have experience drafting nautical charts?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_19.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Drafting charts? That's certainly a more advanced topic. To be honest, I've only attained a smattering of knowledge in that area.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_20.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' The charts we are using now are just revised versions of the ones left by the previous navigator.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_21.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' So my mapping experiences have been primarily limited to updating our charts to reflect changes in the sea.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_22.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' I think you can ask Captain Beidou more about cartography.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_23.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' One time, the fleet sailed into an uncharted area by mistake. It wasn't long before we turned the fleet around and returned the way we came out for fear of potential hazards.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_24.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' But Captain Beidou still managed to draft a simple chart of the area we sailed through for if and when we explore the area again.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_25.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Incredible, isn't it? I was amazed to see that the Captain could even do cartography.
::{{DIcon}} Then why does she need you as a navigator?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_26.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Because I have the talent, and she doesn't want to let it go to waste. Hehe. She treats the whole crew that way.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_27.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' I initially had the same question myself. After all, in many fleets the captain also works as the navigator. I couldn't understand her reasoning at the time, so I asked her.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_28.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' She just laughed and told me to wise up, saying that even Rex Lapis never fights alone.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_29.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' She wants everyone onboard to master their role, so that The Crux is not floating on her alone.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_30.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' That way, if the day ever comes when she's no longer with the fleet, we will still be able to sail onward without her.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_31.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Captain Beidou may seem aloof and even act careless sometimes, but the truth is that she's very considerate of everyone onboard.
:{{DIcon}} Nothing else, thank you.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_32.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' My pleasure. A friend of Captain Beidou is a friend of mine!

;(Talk to Huixing again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_huixing_01.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' One day, I will decipher all these symbols.

;(Learn a thing or two from Xu Liushi)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_01.ogg}} '''[[Xu Liushi]]:''' Hello, Traveler. Are you here to learn about marine meteorology?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, how did you know?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_02.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Haha, in my line of work, I've got to have a pair of sharp eyes.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_03.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' I saw the captain showing you around the training grounds, and then you went to see Yinxing and Huixing.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_04.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' So, I figured that she probably wants you to get to know the life of a crew member.
:{{DIcon}} You have a real knack for your work.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like Beidou got the right person for the job.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_05.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Hehe! Okay, let's get started. First, I'll introduce you to the basics of meteorology.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_06.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Marine meteorology basically means keeping tabs on the weather as well as other ocean phenomena, so things like sea fog, storm surges, waterspouts, and so on...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_07.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' These are all potential threats to safe navigation. Luckily, whatever weather might be coming up, there's always some kind of sign that gives it away in advance.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_08.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Take waterspouts for example. They're caused by high-speed rotating winds on the surface of the ocean. They can engulf large ships and do immense damage.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_09.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' But, if you know that waterspouts can only form in an environment with high temperature, high humidity, and large clouds, then you can be well-prepared.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_10.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' You will be even more alert if you also know that the presence of winds blowing in opposite directions with a significant difference in speed is a direct precursor to the formation of waterspouts.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_11.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' And most importantly, if you spot a small white vortex emerging from the clouds, you should immediately notify the crew to steer clear of what's ahead.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_12.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' So there you go, those are the warning signs of waterspouts. I am proud to say that, over the years, I haven't let a single one sneak up on my watch.
:{{DIcon}} You must have sharp eyesight.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_13.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Well, I'm good at reading the sea, but I'm not as good as the captain when it comes to reading people.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_14.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Do you know the small fishing village next to Wangshu Inn? I heard that when Captain was a kid, she worked there fishing with the adults.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_15.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Later, she made her way into the harbor, where she struggled to make a living. Heh, managing to survive in an environment like that as a kid is solid proof of the Captain's capabilities.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_16.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' If it wasn't for her, I never would have dreamed of taking this job. She gave me confidence and told me I could do it.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_17.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' You may not have heard, but I'm best known outside the Crux Fleet for a slightly infamous story involving me, Third-Round Knockout, and a few too many...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_18.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Who would ever have thought that the rookie sailor who fell drunk into the sea and became a laughingstock among their now-former crewmates would then go on to become a lookout for The Crux? But it's the unbelievable truth, haha.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_19.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' It proves that having skills alone is not enough. You need someone like the Captain who is a good judge of character.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you have a lot of experience.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_20.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' I've gotta confess, I learned almost everything I know from the Captain.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_21.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' All the stuff about meteorology that I just told you about... she's the real expert.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_22.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Do you know the small fishing village next to Wangshu Inn? I heard that when Captain Beidou was a kid, she worked there, fishing.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_23.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Later, she made her way into the harbor, where she struggled to make a living. Heh, growing up in an environment like that, it's no wonder she knows everything about the sea.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_24.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' When I first came onboard, I lived every day wallowing in doubt, wondering if my former career as a sailor was all just a waste.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_25.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' But as I gradually learned some new things and became more experienced, I finally realized what makes The Crux so great.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_26.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' After all, not every fleet has the "Uncrowned Lord of the Ocean" as their leader. I feel lucky just to have joined.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for your time. I think I've learned all that I need for now.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_xuliushi_27.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Find me anytime if you want to know more.

;(Talk to Xu Liushi again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_xuliushi_01.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Find me anytime if you want to know more.
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Little Test===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Report back to Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_02.ogg}} '''[[Beidou]]:''' Hmm? So you've already finished talking to the crew, huh? Heh, I thought it would take you a while longer. So, what did you think?
:{{DIcon}} It was a breeze. I've got everything down pat.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You sound confident, but don't underestimate The Shield of The Crux.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I gotta admit though, I like your attitude, kid. Okay, let's get started!
:{{DIcon}} It was a little hard, but I can handle it.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha. Now you know that The Shield of The Crux is not such an easy job. Let's get started.
:{{DIcon}} It was pretty difficult. I'll need some time to review.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha! There's that modesty of yours again, I didn't think that I'd ever hear the word "difficult" come out of your mouth. Come on, let's get on with it!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' First of all, life on the sea isn't always plain sailing. Injuries and illnesses happen all the time.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But what is the single biggest danger facing crew members?
:{{DIcon}} Getting seasick.
:{{DIcon}} Cold weather.
:{{DIcon}} Underestimating danger.
:;(Correct answer)
:{{DIcon}} Amputations.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm? Is that your final answer? Haha! Alright, on to the second question.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As you've just learned, the fleet plots its route using nautical charts. The charts used by The Crux have additional charts attached.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The supplementary chart has lots of lines in various colors for added reference. What is the purpose of these lines?
:{{DIcon}} To add color and depth to the chart in a way that expresses the draughtsman's aesthetic preferences and fosters a greater appreciation of art among the crew.
:{{DIcon}} To mark distances.
:;(Correct answer)
:{{DIcon}} To mark special locations.
:{{DIcon}} To mark different types of currents.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Okay, interesting, interesting. Now, last question...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' On longer voyages, we have to be especially careful to avoid certain weather hazards that pose a threat to the integrity of the ship and the lives of the crew. For example, waterspouts.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, my question is, how can we reliably predict waterspouts, so we can avoid them?
:{{DIcon}} The presence of dark clouds and strong winds in opposite directions, plus rings of white spots in the clouds.
:{{DIcon}} The presence of dark clouds and strong winds in opposite directions, plus white vortices in the clouds.
:;(Correct answer)
:{{DIcon}} When Sea Drake says a waterspout is coming, it's coming.
:{{DIcon}} When Liushi says a waterspout is coming, it's coming.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Okay! Those are all my questions. Do you want to know how you did?
;(Continue to [[Life on the High Seas#1 or no Correct Answers|1 or no Correct Answers]], [[Life on the High Seas#2 Correct Answers|2 Correct Answers]] or [[Life on the High Seas#3 Correct Answers|3 Correct Answers]]
{{Dialogue end}}

----

====1 or no Correct Answers====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After selecting one or no correct answer you get -1 hearts)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_43.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Congratulations, you... Huh, wait a second, you didn't pass. Were my questions too difficult?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_44.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm... They didn't seem to be all that hard...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_45.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Did you get them wrong on purpose, or...?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_46.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Just kidding. I know you wouldn't do that. I guess you're just not really suited for life on the sea.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_47.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' In that case, how about we take a trip back to Liyue Harbor? Looks like you and the sea are not made for each other. Dry land is where you really come into your own.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_48.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I've actually been hoping for the chance to give you an insider look at how some of The Crux's important business is conducted.
;(Ends Life on the High Seas and continues to [[Beneath the Surface#The Crux of Our Duties|Beneath the Surface]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====2 Correct Answers====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After selecting two correct answers you get +1 hearts)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_29.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Now then, let's see... out of these three questions, you got a total of...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_30.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' ...two correct answers!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_31.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Not bad! After all, you didn't have much time to prepare. Plenty of people get through their whole training and still don't do this well.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_32.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It seems that your survival know-how is now up to the standard required of qualified crew members. Time to move on &mdash; next up we have some Shield of The Crux recreational programs for you.
{{Dialogue end}}

====3 Correct Answers====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After selecting all three correct answers you get +2 hearts)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' (Traveler), I gotta say, each time I think I've wrapped my head around how great you are, you surprise me with something new.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You got them all correct. They weren't the most difficult questions, but they weren't ones you could bluff your way through, either. You've clearly been paying attention to my crew.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Okay then! Now it's time to apply that endless talent of yours to learning some new recreational activities.
{{Dialogue end}}

----

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Continues only if 2 or 3 correct answers were selected)
:{{DIcon}} Why learn recreational activities?
:{{DIcon}} To be clear, wrestling sea monsters bare-handed is not my idea of recreation...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hah! Don't worry, all our recreational activities are respectable and, uh, above-board.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_20.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You need to realize that being out at sea might be fun for the first few days while everything's new, but before too long...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_21.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' ...looking at the same old sea every day and being so isolated from everything can really cause people to struggle mentally.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_22.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' That is why regular recreational activities are an absolute necessity.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_23.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We offer a lot of fun courses for our newcomer training, including fishing, photography, chess...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_24.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh! And thanks to [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Kazuha]], these days we also offer poetry and music appreciation as well as communal wind listening...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_25.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Each newcomer has to participate in at least one, so that they've got some way of keeping themselves occupied at sea further down the line.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_26.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Of course, if you'd prefer wrestling sea monsters with your bare hands, that can be arranged.
:{{DIcon}} Now you're talking my language...
:{{DIcon}} I was just kidding...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_27.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha, well, for today at least, let's stick to the training schedule drawn up by Juza.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905101_beidou_28.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If I remember correctly, it should be photography today... Come on, I'll show you.
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Photography Crew===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the photography class)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_01.ogg}} '''[[Juza]]:''' Listen up! Everyone can go back and call it a day! The photography session has been postponed.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What's going on here, Juza?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_02.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Oh, Captain! There you are!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_03.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Well, Captain, the photography teacher just sent word saying that she's fallen ill and doesn't want to risk coming in, in case she keels over in class.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I see, (Traveler). That's quite unfortunate...
:{{DIcon}} Captain, if I may, I know a little about photography.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh? Quite the multi-talented one, aren't you.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' In that case, why don't you help us out and lead the class today?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_04.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Yeah... unfortunately, the original teacher canceled at short notice, so there's no time to schedule anything else instead.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_05.ogg}} '''Juza:''' It would be great if the Traveler could step in as the teacher for the day!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It's up to you, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} It would be my pleasure.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Great, it's settled then! Juza, let's muster everyone over here to meet the new teacher!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_06.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Yes, Captain!

:'''Juza gathers the excited crew to meet their new teacher.'''

:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' That should be everyone. Take it away, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Before I begin, I do have one condition.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh yeah? What's that?
:{{DIcon}} Since this is a photography course, there has to be a subject. We will need a model.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Fair enough. It seems like you already have someone in mind.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So who will it be?
:{{DIcon}} I think the most suitable model is... Chief Mate Juza!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_07.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Whoa? Me? You can't be serious! If a bad picture of a guy like me gets to the crew...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_08.ogg}} '''Juza:''' I'm sure everyone will blame the photographer for doing a bad job. I'm just thinking about your reputation here, Traveler. You'd better find someone else...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_09.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Ah, how about our Captain Beidou? I think she would be great.
:;(Goes back to dialogue selection)
:{{DIcon}} I think the most suitable model is... Yinxing!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_yinxing_02.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Huh, me? But, but... Oh actually! I just remembered that the legs of these new chairs that I purchased are a bit too long... so I should go take care of that immediately.
::{{DIcon}} Is it the doctor's job to amputate chairs, too?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_yinxing_03.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' Uh... Anyway, I can't do it. I have things to do!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_yinxing_04.ogg}} '''Yinxing:''' I really should get going...
:;(Goes back to dialogue selection)
:{{DIcon}} Hmm... I think the most suitable model is... Xu Liushi!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_xuliushi_01.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Ah... Look at the horizon! There's a storm brewing in the distance...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_xuliushi_02.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' But on a day like this... how is it possible? I guess I need to keep a good lookout today.
::{{DIcon}} Why can't you keep a lookout and attend class at the same time?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_xuliushi_03.ogg}} '''Xu Liushi:''' Haha, of course I can. But I think that's enough multitasking without adding modeling to the list, too.
:;(Goes back to dialogue selection)
:{{DIcon}} Hmm... I think the most suitable model is... Captain Beidou!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Me? Ahahaha! Well, we could do that, or...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Guyun Stone Forest looks extraordinary today, it'd be a pity not to capture the scenery for posterity.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' (Traveler), so how about we snap Guyun Stone Forest for today's class? Then there'd be no need for a model... Ahem.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_juza_01.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Come on, Captain! We talked about this, the photography class is supposed to be portrait photography! Have you forgotten?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_juza_01.ogg}} '''Juza:''' "Scenery looks nice at first, but it gets boring after a while. I bet it'd keep the crew more entertained if we got them learning portrait photography, so they could record moments in each other's daily lives."
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905105_juza_01.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Those were your exact words, Captain.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hehe... Were they, now? Strange, I don't seem to remember anything about that...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well then, (Traveler), in that case &mdash; how about Huixing? I bet she's perfect for the Kamera!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905105_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Or Furong, or Mora-Grubber... even Little Yue!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_33.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Seriously, Captain? Little Yue? You're just trying to wriggle your way out of this. This isn't like you!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_huixing_34.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' You are the captain, after all. Of all of us, you're the best suited to being a model.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_10b.ogg}} '''Juza:''' I agree! You were the one who invited the Traveler to be the teacher, so you should cooperate, Captain.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_11.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Besides, Captain, you've never had your photo taken. It's high time you got one. You know, a heroic and striking kind of picture!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_12.ogg}} '''Juza:''' We can even use it to promote the fleet during recruitment...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Real funny guys...
:{{DIcon}} Trust your crew, Captain. You are the best candidate.
:{{DIcon}} Trust me, Captain. You are the best candidate.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well, if you say so... I'm not one to spoil the fun.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So what do I do now, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} You can just strike an epic pose.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm... like this?
::{{DIcon}} Uh, you look a little nervous.
:{{DIcon}} Smile and be happy.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm... like this?
::{{DIcon}} Uh, you look a little stiff.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hah! You're kidding, right? I've never had my photo taken before, but something this simple shouldn't be a challenge for me.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_20.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It must be... the lighting or something! You've got it wrong... Ahem.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps you feel uncomfortable with so many people around?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps you feel uncomfortable posing here?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_21.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I never said that.
:{{DIcon}} We can go somewhere quieter.
:{{DIcon}} We can go somewhere with a better view.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_22.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You mean go somewhere else and then bring the final photo back as teaching material?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_juza_13.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Sounds good to me, haha! That's a good idea, isn't it guys?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_23.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm, the lighting may still be a problem...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_24.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But I'm open to persuasion. If you have a suitable place in mind, I can consider it...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_25.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Just to be clear, I won't necessarily agree. It depends on the place you have in mind.
:{{DIcon}} How about Yaoguang Shoal? We can enjoy the ocean breeze...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_39.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well... Yaoguang Shoal is pretty relaxing.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_40.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But if I want to enjoy the ocean breeze, why don't I just stay onboard The Alcor and enjoy the breeze with my crew? That'd be more fun if you ask me.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_41.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So I think we can just forget the whole modeling thing for now.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_42.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Sorry about that, (Traveler), I guess I'll owe you a favor!
:;(Ends the Hangout Event)
:{{DIcon}} How about the top of Mt. Tianheng, overlooking all of Liyue Harbor?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_34.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' A view overlooking Liyue Harbor, huh? Sounds nice, but...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_35.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' On second thought... I don't have any love for a lifeless gadget like the Kamera.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_36.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'd prefer to be having fun together with my crew! I guess I'm used to that rowdy bunch.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_37.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So I think we can just forget the whole modeling thing for now.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_38.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Sorry about that, (Traveler), I guess I'll owe you a favor!
:;(Ends the Hangout Event)
:{{DIcon}} I've heard there's a fishing village near Wangshu Inn...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_26.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The fishing village near Wangshu Inn? That place is deserted now, isn't it?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_27.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' How do you even know that place anyway? It's tiny! I don't think I've ever seen it on a single map.
:{{DIcon}} I once found some treasure there.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_28.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, treasure? There? I guess I missed out on that one.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_29.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It just so happens that that little village is where I grew up. And now that you've mentioned it, it's given me the urge to go back and take a look around.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_30.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' How about we take this opportunity to pay my old home a visit?
:{{DIcon}} Xu Liushi told me you once lived there.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_31.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm surprised that you'd remember such a trivial detail.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_32.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' He's right though, I did live there for a while. And now that you've mentioned it, it's given me the urge to go back and take a look around.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905102_beidou_33.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well then, let's go. We can take this opportunity to pay my old home a visit.
;(Proceed to [[Life on the High Seas#The Nameless Fishing Village|The Nameless Fishing Village]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Nameless Fishing Village===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Head to the fishing village near Wangshu Inn)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905105_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm. It's certainly seen better days...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905105_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It was never that impressive, but at least back in the day it was a lively village and home to several families.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905105_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I wonder how long these last few old houses will remain standing.
:{{DIcon}} So what exactly happened here?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905105_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Nothing as dramatic as you might think. A few small incidents occurred and then people began to leave.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905105_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' C'mon, let's take a walk around.

;(Take a stroll with Beidou in the fishing village)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905114_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' People used to call this place "[[Downriver]]," because the villagers apparently moved here from a place called "Upriver."
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905114_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' With them, they brought their knowledge of fishing which had been passed down from generation to generation. I learned a lot from them when I was here.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905114_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Now, Upriver is long gone and Downriver is all but deserted. It won't be long before no one even remembers what these places are called.
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Long Years===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' "To Zhong..."
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' ...Zhong? Hmm, I barely remember this name.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you've been gone too long.
:{{DIcon}} It's probably because you were little at the time.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You're right. I was only about five or six years old when I first arrived here.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I was homeless and had to wander around the streets. I remember finally managing to find half a Rice Bun, but then a stray dog jumped out and snatched it away from me.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Half a Rice Bun was not something I was willing to give up so easily at the time, so I chased it all the way to this neighborhood.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Then a few fishermen saw us running and stopped me. They were kind enough to give me some food.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Seeing me stop, the dog also stopped running.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But straight away, it keeled over and never got up again. Maybe it was too tired or maybe it had starved to death.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I went over and saw that the dog still had the half Rice Bun in its mouth. It didn't let go even at the very end... Heh, poor thing.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905108_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Had I known the dog was so weak, I would have let it take that half Rice Bun.
:{{DIcon}} That's when the villagers here took you in?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I could tell they were wary of me at first. I was the dirty little kid who had just chased a dog to death over some scraps of food.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But I got lucky. The village chief took pity on me and brought me to their home. That's how I ended up staying here.
:{{DIcon}} What made you leave later?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hehe...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905106_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Do you know what the name "Beidou" means?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come on, I'll explain along the way.

;(Go with Beidou to the fishing village for a walk)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' About a year or two after I arrived, the village chief fell ill during the winter and passed away.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' During that same period, the harvest was getting worse and the fishermen's catch was getting smaller day by day.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Without the village chief to handle the situation, people began blaming each other. There were even rumors that some families had been overfishing, leaving nothing for the rest of the village to catch.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But in the end, they all turned on me, saying that they shouldn't have ever taken me in. They said I was bad luck.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' They pointed to how that dog died on the first day I arrived.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Next thing you know, the village chief dies, then all the fish die out.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' They said I was a living curse, and the downfall of the village was all my fault.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I told them that I didn't understand. I'm not a curse, I'm just Beidou.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Then some of the villagers started shouting and drove me out of the village.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' They shouted, "Nandou controls life! Beidou controls death... Beidou controls death!"
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Before then, all I knew about my name was that it had something to do with the stars.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905107_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It wasn't until then that I realized that Beidou was a constellation, and the Alcor, one of its stars, was an omen of death.
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Smattering of Memories===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Here we are. This is the old house of the village chief.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I bet he never expected that the little girl he took in would grow up to be seen as a curse that brought about the village's total destruction.
:{{DIcon}} If you're cursed, then I think I am too.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What do you mean?
:{{DIcon}} The Anemo Archon's Gnosis was taken after I arrived in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, is that all?
:{{DIcon}} The Geo Archon's Gnosis was also taken after I arrived in Liyue.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' And then lemme guess &mdash; you got to Inazuma and the Electro Archon's Gnosis was taken as well?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Heh, well you seem to wreak havoc on a grander scale than I ever could.
:{{DIcon}} Does that make you feel better now?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahahaha. I get it, you're trying to convince me that I'm not cursed.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I appreciate it, and I'll take it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Let's not forget that the people whose names stick around are the ones who emerge from the stormy seas unscathed, and the ones who get swept away in the wind are the fledgling birds who couldn't hack it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I for one have never encountered a storm I couldn't weather.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But your journey's far from over, isn't it? Just remember, there's no telling what else you might encounter in this vast world.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So if you ever find some idiot trying to brand you as a scapegoat just because you're the one who lived to tell the tale, tell them Captain Beidou demands to have the honor along with you.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Remember, you'll always have the captain of The Crux to back you up wherever you go.
:{{DIcon}} I suppose we're just two scapegoats looking out for each other.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha! Two cursed scapegoats banding together for survival... sounds like a recipe for disaster, but at the same time...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I kinda dig it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm lucky to have a friend like you!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Okay, it's time to get back to our photography. Right, teacher?
:{{DIcon}} You finally remembered what we're here for.
:{{DIcon}} I thought you might not be in the mood.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' C'mon, let's not waste any time... Get it done while you can, before I change my mind.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_20.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, do I need to strike a pose?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe go for something a little... flirtatious?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_22.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Wh&mdash;What!? The nerve! What do you think this is!?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_23.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I don't want to do this whole modeling thing!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_24.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, cut it out! No more pictures!

:'''You quickly press on the shutter before Beidou is fully prepared, and a very charming photo comes out of the Kamera.'''
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: "Flirtatious"====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = "Flirtatious"
|ending name_alt = Flirtatious
|character       = Beidou
|act             = 1
|description     = "I thought we agreed to strike a flirtatious pose..." "Sorry, you agreed with who again!?"
}}

{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps you can strike an epic pose.
:{{DIcon}} However you prefer.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905103_beidou_21.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Alright, how about this?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Snap!===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Beidou again before taking the picture)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905109_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' How about this pose?

;(Take a picture of Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, is it done yet? Please don't tell me that it looks weird...
:{{DIcon}} Not at all, it's perfect.
:{{DIcon}} You were born to be a model.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Show me.
:{{DIcon}} Only if you promise to give it back.
:{{DIcon}} Only if you promise not to beat me up if you don't like it...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Sure, whatever. Now give it here!

:'''You hand her the photo.'''

:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm, yes... I see... Alright! On behalf of The Crux, thank you very much for your photography class today. You've been an excellent teacher, and I couldn't be more satisfied.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Now, as Captain of The Crux, I am exercising my official right...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' ...to requisition this photograph for future promotion and recruitment purposes!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905104_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So I'm afraid I'll be holding on to this. That's fine with you, though, right? Haha...
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Photography Class for Two====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Photography Class for Two
|character       = Beidou
|act             = 1
|description     = Laughter breaks the solitude of the long-silent village, and the lonesome scene grows pleasant once again.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Life on the High Seas
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Hishng Shnghu
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Hishng Shnghu
|zh_tl   = Life on the Sea
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Kaijou de no Seikatsu
|ja_tl   = Life on the Sea
|ko      =  
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Vida en altamar
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = La vie en mer
|fr_tl   = The Life on Sea
|ru      =   
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cuc Sng Trn Bin
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Leben auf hoher See
|de_tl   = The Life on the High Seas
|id      = Kehidupan di Laut Lepas
|id_tl   = Life on the High Seas
|pt      = Vida no Mar
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}