{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Lore
}}
The '''Light Realm''', also known as the '''realm of the elements'''<ref name="LS">{{Ref/Loading|Light Realm}}</ref> and the '''Vishap Realm''', is one of three [[realm]]s in the world of [[Teyvat]]. The Light Realm is host to creatures that harness the pure, raw, primordial elements, also commonly known as elemental beings.<ref name="ByakuyaColl4">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref><ref name="Tsumi's Dialogue">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref> It is diametrically opposed to the [[Abyss|Void Realm]]<ref name="Trial of Drake and Serpent"/> and also incompatible with the [[Human Realm]] without adjustments being made to increase compatibility.<ref name="ByakuyaColl4" />

==Overview==
The Light Realm is the place of origin for all pure, primordial elemental beings. The most prominent inhabitants of this realm are the [[Vishaps]] and their elemental lords, the [[Seven Sovereigns]], which is why it is also called the "Vishap Realm."<ref name="Tsumi's Dialogue"/>

Since the beginning, the Light Realm and the Abyss Realm have been diametrically opposed to one another until the arrival of the [[Primordial One]]. The Primordial One and its shades defeated the Seven Sovereigns and established the [[Human Realm]],<ref name="Before Sun and Moon">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref> interposing itself between the two.<ref name="Trial of Drake and Serpent">{{Ref/Quest|The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent}}</ref> The three realms each have their separate but analogous concepts: the Human Realm's [[Ley Lines]], the Light Realm's elemental currents, and the Void Realm's dark currents.<ref name="Tsumi's Dialogue"/>

After the defeat of the Seven Sovereigns, both nature and the Light Realm fell under the dominion of humanity. While elemental beings and creatures of the Human Realm are normally mutually incompatible, it is possible to make each other more compatible; vishaps were eventually modified to accept [[Orobashi]]'s Bloodbranch Coral,<ref name="ByakuyaColl4" /> whereas the [[Coral Butterfly|Sangacorallia]] (or Sangocorexes) can break down the Light Realm's pure elemental energy into something more compatible for the Human Realm.<ref>{{Ref/Wildlife|Coral Butterfly}}</ref> However, the Void Realm is wholly incompatible with either realm and is highly dangerous to both, while the Light Realm's energy vanquishes the darkness of the Void Realm.<ref name="Tsumi's Dialogue"/> As a result, despite their hatred towards humanity, the vishaps lent humans its aid against the encroaching Void Realm after [[Enjou]] tricked them into disrupting the balance of the three realms in [[Enkanomiya]].<ref name="LS" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath}}</ref>

==Trivia==
*Despite being elemental beings and the only confirmed creatures of the Light Realm, Vishaps are not counted as Elemental Lifeforms in the [[Archive]]; rather, they are listed under Mystical Beasts.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Light Realm
|zhs     = 光界
|zhs_rm  = Guāng Jiè
|zht     = 光界
|zht_rm  = Guāng Jiè
|zh_tl   = Light Realm
|ja      = 光界
|ja_rm   = Koukai<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Light Realm
|ko      = 광계<!--Rubi: 빛의 경계-->
|ko_rm   = Gwanggye
|ko_tl   = Light Realm
|es      = Mundo de la luz
|es_tl   = Light World
|fr      = Royaume de la lumière
|fr_tl   = Light Realm
|ru      = Мир света
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ภพแห่งแสง<!--Light Realm-->
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lãnh Địa Ánh Sáng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lichtwelt
|de_tl   = Light World
|id      = Dunia Terang
|id_tl   = Light Realm
|pt      = Reino da Luz
|pt_tl   = Light Realm
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}