{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Lightkeeper's Pledge.png
|set   = Long Night's Oath
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A metal flower that was worn by the {{tt|Ratniki|Russian for "warriors"}}. It symbolizes the oath of eternal vigilance taken by its original owner.}}
'''Lightkeeper's Pledge''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Long Night's Oath]].

==Description==
...In those days, the land was leveled by the northern [[The Wild Hunt|Hunting Winds]], cutting down the unruly frontier folk at the behest of the despotic Knyazes.<br>
And in a bid to seize the power left behind by the [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|heavenly moons]], a mad monk who spoke in strange tongues presented a treacherous plot to the [[Belyi Tsar|Tsar]] of all [[Snowland Fae|fae]].<br>
Thus were the [[Frostmoon Scions|Moonchildren]], hidden in their mountain forests, scattered, sisters driven by fate down divergent paths.<br>
In the end, even that pretentious lunatic could not break free of the [[False Sky|celestial shell]], and was consumed by the bedeviled sky at the edge of delusion.

But all this took place before the "paradise" had even come into being,<br>
For at the time, it was no more than a daydream, a fantasy shared by two children beneath the moon's glow.<br>
It was not until many years later, when one of them was executed as a [[Reed Miller|notorious bandit]], infamous throughout the nations,<br>
That the other finally realized the true meaning of those words that had been left behind as if by accident.

What followed, we all know.<br>
When the long night fell, the royal court of the north could no longer mind the remote borderlands beyond the snowy plains,<br>
And so the horde of [[Abyss|pitch-black beasts]] tore across the barren land, destroying all traces of past civilization.<br>
It was not until, borrowing power from the priestess of the Moonchildren, the original [[Torchforger]] raised that first beam of light,<br>
And in the name of the moon, banished the darkness to those lightless ruins, burying it deep down alongside the nightmare-torn souls.

When all was over, the [[Lightkeepers|survivors]] raised a lighthouse atop the mountains, gazing far out towards the new ruler of [[Snezhnaya]].<br>
To preserve his dear friend's pure, childlike dream, the Torchforger did not shy away from defending it before the [[Tsaritsa]]'s court.<br>
And though he received the royal edict he sought, he also took upon himself an oath of vigilance and sacrifice;<br>
And thus began the history of the "paradise" known as "[[Nod-Krai]]."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Lightkeeper's Pledge
|zhs      = 执灯人的誓词
|zhs_rm   = Zhídēng-rén de Shìcí
|zht      = 執燈人的誓詞
|zht_rm   = Zhídēng-rén de Shìcí
|zh_tl    = Lightkeeper's Pledge
|ja       = ライトキーパーの誓い
|ja_rm    = Raitokiipaa no Chikai
|ja_tl    = Lightkeeper's Pledge
|ko       = {{tt|등지|灯执}}<->기<->의 맹세
|ko_tl    = Lightkeeping Pledge
|es       = Juramento del Lamparero
|es_tl    = Lamplighter's Oath
|fr       = Serment du gardien de lumière
|fr_tl    = {{Lex|Lightkeeper|fr}}'s Oath
|ru       = Клятва светоносца
|ru_tl    = Lightbearer's Oath
|th       = Lightkeeper's Pledge
|vi       = Lời Thề Người {{tt|Giữ Đèn|执灯}}
|vi_tl    = Lightkeeper's Pledge
|de       = Schwur des Lichthüters
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Lightkeeper's Pledge
|pt       = Juramento do Portador da Lâmpada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Işık Muhafızının Yemini
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Promessa del Guardaluce
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Long Night's Oath}}

[[fr:Serment du gardien de lumière]]
[[ja:ライトキーパーの誓い]]
[[vi:Lời Thề Người Giữ Đèn]]