{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tatarigami.png
|caption      = A lightning strike near [[Serpent's Head]]
|type         = Exploration
}}
'''Lightning''' is an environmental hazard encountered during [[thunderstorm]]s, in certain challenges such as domains, and in certain areas of high Electro concentration. All lightning strikes deal {{Color|Electro DMG}} and have glowing indicators of the strike area 1–2 seconds in advance.

Like other sources of {{Color|Electro DMG}}, lightning that strikes any spot in a body of [[water]] will cause that spot to be [[Electro-Charged]] for a short period of time and deal {{Color|Electro DMG}} upon contact. However, in Genshin Impact, lightning technically only strikes the point of impact, such as land, and the Electro-Charged status on water only occurs on the water's surface. As such, lightning that strikes land far enough below the surface of water will not cause the water to become Electro-Charged.

The attack of Lightning has 200 Poise Damage internally.{{cite}}

==Thunderstorms==
{{See also|Weather#Thunderstorm}}
* Lightning targets land. [[Frozen]] [[water]] is considered land.
* The indicator will be blue and crackling. If the ground is below water, then the indicator may look smaller, depending on how far below water the ground is.
* A lightning strike may generate one Electro [[Energy]] particle if it does not hit the player.
* After striking, the target will get 2 [[Gauge Unit Theory|units]] of Electro.{{cite}} It will immediately react with the [[Hydro]] element from the Wet status of rain and cause an [[Electro-Charged]] status.
* [[A Nation Closed by Thunder]] is notable for having lightning strikes that deal exactly 20 damage. Lightning strikes that hit frozen water in this climate will cause a [[Superconduct]] reaction that can deal exactly 8 damage.
* [[Electrograna]] cannot protect against lightning strikes during thunderstorms.

==Seirai Island==
* Lightning targets the player or land while in a [[Balethunder]]-affected area on Seirai Island before completing the [[Seirai Stormchasers]] series.
* The indicator will be blue and crackling.
* Immediately after each lightning strike, another lightning strike will target the player, which means players must constantly move in order to not get hit.
* Lightning that targets players can also target them while they are in mid-air and strike the air.

==Thunder Sakura==
{{See also|Thunder Sakura}}
* Lightning targets the player on land or when no higher than an ordinary jump off the ground when near a Thunder Sakura before completion of [[Sakura Arborism]].
* The indicator will be purple/pink.
* After each lightning strike, another lightning strike will target the player, which means players must constantly move or glide in order to not get hit.
* [[Electrograna]] can nullify the damage from the Thunder Sakura's lightning strikes.

==Special Lightning==
===Lightning Bolts===
{{Main|Lightning Bolt}}
* Lightning Bolts are encountered as a [[Ley Line Disorder]] as well as in certain [[Time Trial Challenge]]s, such as in the commission [[Practice Makes Perfect]].
* Lightning Bolts target land.
* The indicator is a scope-like circle, similar to the circle that appears for [[Amber]]'s [[Fiery Rain]].
* When Lightning Bolts hit a character, their Energy is drained.
* Lightning Bolts may leave behind balls of lightning that deal damage to nearby players.

===Sword Hilts===
{{See also|Sword Hilts}}
* Lightning targets the player once upon each interaction with an energized Sword Hilt.
* The indicator will be purple/pink.
* [[Electrograna]] can nullify the damage from the lightning strike.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}