{{Act Infobox
|image          = Summertime Odyssey Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Summertime Odyssey
|actNum         = VI
|actType        = None
|prev           = The Ancient Azure Stars
}}
'''Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie''' is the sixth act of the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie (Quest)]]

==Summary==
The group arrives at the Fatui camp, and discover a drunk [[Persikov]]. They pour water over him to sober him up, causing him to begin crying and ranting about the Fatui's mocking of his invention. Kazuha deduces that the effects of the strange machine are getting worse, and that Persikov has gone insane; he lifts Persikov and slams him into the ground, which brings the man back to his senses. Mona finds Persikov's manuscripts, which reveal that the machine, named "Cognitive Mimicry," is modeled after the power of a god and capable of altering the state of people's brains. The Fatui had not supported Persikov's research, but allowed him to continue his experiments on the deserted island and recruit junior Fatui soldiers as his research subjects. However, the machine broke down after only a couple days; the Fatui tried to fix it, but lost the machine's [[Crystalline Core|crystalline cores]]. Persikov then went to look for the cores himself and left his subordinates in a cave for their safety. He eventually found the location of the cores, but succumbed to the device's influence himself. The group finds the cores in Persikov's stead and inserts them into the machine, finally fixing it. Later, two Fatui arrive at the camp and are seemingly no longer influenced by the machine. 

The group then returns to Klee's Camp. Mona comes to tell them that even though the machine is now turned off, the mirages are still there and it might take some time for them to disappear. She feels that there is some kind of unknown power surrounding them, but believes that the power doesn't have any ill intent. They decide to enjoy the rest of their vacation. 

The Traveler and Paimon call Venti and tell him about the events of the last few days. Venti tells them that as long they had an unforgettable experience, the journey served its purpose. The Traveler and Paimon head back to the camp and the [[Lesser Lord Kusanali|mysterious entity]] speaks to the Traveler again. The voice says that she meant no harm; she was merely curious after sensing a power that was related to her on the Archipelago. She was also impressed with the group's willpower, and claims she helped "them" design the experience to everyone's liking. The entity tells the Traveler that they might meet one day in another place, and believes that the Traveler will recognize her. As the voice disappears, a [[Dendro]] symbol appears. The Traveler wonders about the meaning behind the entity's words.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie
|zhs     = 如诗如歌，夏之梦
|zhs_rm  = Rúshī-Rúgē, Xià zhī Mèng
|zht     = 如詩如歌，夏之夢
|zht_rm  = Rúshī-Rúgē, Xià zhī Mèng
|zh_tl   = Like Poetry Like Song, Summertime Dreams
|ja      = 夏の夢、詩歌の如し
|ja_rm   = Natsu no Yume, Shiika no Gotoshi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Summertime Dreams Like Poetry
|ko      = 시처럼 노래처럼, 여름날의 꿈
|ko_rm   = Sicheoreom Noraecheoreom, Yeoreumnal-ui Kkum
|ko_tl   = Like Poem and Song, Dream of Summer Day
|es      = El sueño de una fantasía de verano
|es_tl   = The Dream of a Summer Fantasy
|fr      = Songe d'été mélodieux
|fr_tl   = Melodious Summer Dream
|ru      = Рифма и мелодия летнего сна
|ru_tl   = Rhythm and Melody of Summer Dream
|th      = ดั่งบทกวีและเสียงดนตรี ความฝันแห่งฤดูร้อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bài Ca Giấc Mộng Hè
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wie Reim und Gesang, ein Traum im Sommer
|de_tl   = Like Rhythm and Song, a Dream in Summer
|id      = Bagaikan Irama dan Lagu, Mimpi di Musim Panas
|id_tl   = Like Rhythm and Song, Dreaming in Summer
|pt      = Entre Canções, Poemas e Sonhos de Verão
|pt_tl   = Between Songs, Poems and Summer Dreams
|tr      = Şarkı ve Kafiye Gibi Yaz Rüyası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Come rima e canzone, la fantasia estiva
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una travesía estival (VI)]]
[[ja:夏の夢、詩歌の如し]]
[[pt-br:Entre Canções, Poemas e Sonhos de Verão]]