{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74507
|image         = Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta
|part          = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20 and complete the [[Archon Quest]] "[[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]"
|characters    = Bongo-Head; Haniyyah; Kindlejoy; Paimon; Traveler; Turenna
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais
|next          = Fungi Are Not Tidalga!
|rewards       = Marvelous Jelly: Improved Fontaine Edition*1;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta]] Event
}}
'''''Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go and investigate where the Fungi are appearing
# Talk to the two people at the stall
# Play Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta
# Talk to the two people at the stall

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|On the busy streets of Quartier Lyonnais in the Court of Fontaine, Paimon and you catch a glimpse of some Fungi...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is there something wrong with Paimon's eyes?
:'''Paimon:''' Just now... That thing which floated off ahead... was that a Fungus? Have Fungi invaded Fontaine?
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's go check it out!

;(Talk to Bongo-Head and Kindlejoy, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon was right! That's Bongo-Head and Kindlejoy!
:'''Bongo-Head:''' ♪~
:'''Kindlejoy:''' ♫~
:'''Paimon:''' Please wait! We'll come play with you once we finish talking to Haniyyah and Turenna!

;(Approach Turenna and Haniyyah)
:'''Turenna:''' Thank you for your cooperation. The review has been completed, and your companions are all very safe. They are of no threat to Fontaine's citizens and ecological environment.
:'''Turenna:''' As stated in the Fontaine Foreign Species Management Act and the Quartier Lyonnais Code of Business Conduct, you may proceed with your event.
:'''???:''' Thank you, Ms. Turenna.
:'''???:''' I didn't think hosting an event in Fontaine would be this complicated. It took around ten extra steps as compared to procedures at Port Ormos. I guess my preparations weren't sufficient...
:'''Turenna:''' Don't mention it, and don't beat yourself up about it. You and your Fungi companions are special guests.
:'''Turenna:''' The Maison Gardiennage rarely comes into contact with foreign Fungi species, so proceeding with caution was necessary. It is only normal that the observation and evaluation took quite a bit of time.
:'''Turenna:''' Next, I shall be transferring your commission to the other Gardes.
:'''Turenna:''' If the rumored Golden Comet and Silver Companion are spotted, the Gardes will notify them and ask them to meet you here...
:'''Turenna:''' I hope your "Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta" goes smoothly, and you have a great time in the Court of Fontaine... If you need anything, just call for me, and I'll be there.
:'''???:''' Ah, it seems that won't be necessary anymore. They are already here.
:'''Turenna:''' Wait a minute! By "Golden Comet and Silver Companion"... You refer to these... Super Zenith Boss-Level Forces?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! How did we suddenly become the topic of your conversation? And what's with those strange names...
:'''???:''' You two are the same as ever, I see... Energetic, spirited, and with a reassuring air about you.
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
::'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Wh&mdash;Who are you? Have we met?
::'''???:''' Hmm... Your failure to remember me is my mistake. I should have done my best to maintain contact and sent a few more letters.
::'''???:''' A long time ago, the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament was held in Sumeru. I participated with some prejudiced thoughts and the intent to do something dangerous...
::'''???:''' You woke me up and made me change. You helped me stop hating my kind, Fungi buddies and seek the right path toward coexisting with them.
::'''???:''' After the event, you became the ultimate decision-maker of the tournament, and I promised that I would do my best to continue running the event...
:{{DIcon}} I believe we've met before, yes?
::'''Paimon:''' That voice sure is familiar, but, uh, did we know a lady like her?
::'''Paimon:''' Based on your slightly tanned skin, you're not from around here, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' Wait! Paimon kinda remembers now! This is kinda unbelievable, but...
:'''Paimon:''' Are you... Haniyyah? The same Haniyyah who's been taking care of Bongo-Head and the other Fungi for us?
:'''Haniyyah:''' Yeah, that's me! Long time no see, Golden Comet, Silver Companion!
:{{DIcon}} Your new outfit is gorgeous!
:{{DIcon}} And you're so well-spoken now!
:'''Paimon:''' Your new look's made you completely unrecognizable! You've changed so... Well, too much! Even the way you speak has changed!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, is this some way of... making your trip to Fontaine with your Fungi buddies... special?
:'''Turenna:''' Ahem! Actually, the Court of Fontaine does not impose a dress code on its visitors. You'd be welcomed warmly here even if you were wearing a plain hunter's outfit...
:'''Turenna:''' And the way Ms. Haniyyah dresses is much more than just following a dress code, I'd say it's elegant, extremely elegant!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Thank you so much! Your affirmation fills me with greater confidence.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Anyway, I'm here in Fontaine to search for reliable investors for the official Fungi tournament, and to host a preview event to advertise the Fungi's cuteness and attract an audience in advance.
:'''Haniyyah:''' According to [[Souka]], we are conducting transnational business, and Fontainians are very particular about their dress. So, when in Fontaine, do as Fontainians do.
:'''Haniyyah:''' She prepared my preview event plans, ordered this costume for me, and even gave me special training to improve the way I carry myself.
:'''Paimon:''' Souka? Isn't that the light novelist who's been following you to gather material and helping you take care of the Fungi after being defeated by us?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect her to be so well-versed in... foreign etiquette! Was she that knowledgeable!?
:'''Haniyyah:''' And if you still remember the tabletop game, Fungus Mechanicus, then you can give the brand-new Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta a try.
:'''Haniyyah:''' In Fungus Mechanicus, you'd direct your Fungi to defeat all the Mechanici.
:'''Haniyyah:''' The game received a pretty good initial response, but it was lacking in long-term potential, so it quickly lost popularity...
:'''Haniyyah:''' As such, Souka combined elements from various documents and fiction to change the Mechanici into pieces that simulate powerful opponents, which adds all manner of variables to the game.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Souka is at the Steambird's office right now discussing the game's marketing plan.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sorta gets it now... So the preview event, Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta, is this tabletop game?
:'''Paimon:''' And powerful opponents, you say? Does that mean we'll be commanding Fungi pieces to clash with other creatures, and that both sides can move?
:'''Paimon:''' The game sounds much more complicated now... But based on past experience, Paimon's sure you still have some details to iron out and perfect, right?
:{{DIcon}} Haha! That's right up our alley!
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything we can help you with?
:'''Turenna:''' Ahem... There's no need to worry. We've resolved all the issues in advance.
:'''Turenna:''' Miss Haniyyah and her Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta have received the Fontaine Research Institute's... Uh... What was it again? The sponsorship of the Fonta project team, so everything is ready.
:'''Turenna:''' Even if something is left unfinished, I... Turenna, the most diligent member of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, would never allow it to trouble you, our distinguished guests!
:'''Turenna:''' You're Super Zenith Boss-Level Forces after all, and Miss Haniyyah is an important foreign merchant, so you can just leave any odd jobs to ordinary Gardes!
:'''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Oh, so you're one of the Gardes! Paimon thought you were an assistant Haniyyah hired... You're so reliable!
:{{DIcon}} My apologies.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you so much!
:'''Turenna:''' Heh! A Super Zenith Boss-Level Force recognized me... I've been acknowledged by an apex warrior!
:'''Turenna:''' Ahem! I might be getting a bit carried away...
:'''Turenna:''' As a newbie in the Special Patrol, I'm obligated to monitor foreign creatures, provide the highest levels of assistance to special guests, and resolve issues that are beyond the ability of ordinary Gardes.
:'''Turenna:''' If Fungi-related events can bring considerable economic benefit to the Court of Fontaine... Then I would be considered to have accumulated experience that goes beyond combat, and our captain would value me more...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, don't be so serious! It's just a game! Relax!
:'''Paimon:''' In Paimon's opinion, anything linked to Fungi tends to help people forget their troubles and be happy!
:'''Haniyyah:''' In that case, I happen to have a suggestion.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Souka and I have tried "Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta" several hundred times, but we represent only two types of players, whereas the guests have the most diverse mentalities.
:'''Haniyyah:''' As it happens, the two of you have very unique personalities and experiences, and Ms. Turenna is also a most responsible person...
:'''Haniyyah:''' So if the two of you were to play a few matches, we should be able to discover many in-game limitations, and that will help with further improvements.
:{{DIcon}} Alright! Time for a new game!
:{{DIcon}} I was planning on giving it a try anyway!
:'''Turenna:''' Since even the Super Zenith Boss-Level Forces are absolutely interested, and this will make an excellent feather in my resume cap... Of course I'd be happy to help!
:'''Turenna:''' But I'm well aware that I'm inferior to you in all aspects, so please go easy on me!
:;(Opens event menu)

;(Talk to Turenna again, if event menu was exited)
:'''Turenna:''' Alright then, let's play!
:'''Turenna:''' But I'm well aware that I'm inferior to you in all aspects, so please go easy on me!
:;(Opens event menu)

;(Start [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta#Working Monster's Leisurely Test|Working Monster's Leisurely Test]])
:'''Paimon:''' This is our first "Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta" battle. Let's go!
:'''Turenna:''' This lineup is full of elemental creatures... rather familiar combat units!

;(17 seconds into [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta#Working Monster's Leisurely Test|Working Monster's Leisurely Test]])
:'''Turenna:''' Fall in, fall in! Even Slimes can form a good assault squad if they get serious!

;(Defeat Turenna's first Lil' Large Pyro Slime)
:'''Turenna:''' You've beaten my vanguard this soon? Pretty sharp, aren't you?

;(10 seconds after defeating Turenna's first Lil' Large Pyro Slime)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Is it just Paimon, or is Bongo-Head better at fighting than before?

;(Defeat Turenna's second Lil' Large Pyro Slime)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, let's do this all in one shot!

;(Use Surging Waterdrops)
:'''Paimon:''' It's time for your super move, Bongo-Head! Waterballoon... Meteor Strike!

;(Use Flowery Flechettes)
:'''Paimon:''' This angle's perfect! Fill 'em with lead, Magishroom!

;(Exit the challenge after successfully completing Working Monster's Leisurely Test)
:'''Turenna:''' Strong... Too strong... Even if it's just a tabletop game, you're still practically invulnerable!
:'''Turenna:''' P&mdash;Please go a few more rounds with me and teach me more!
:{{DIcon}} Am I really that good?
:{{DIcon}} Flattery won't get you anywhere.
:'''Paimon:''' That's a little too much, don't you think? We're just playing a game.
:'''Turenna:''' Please don't try to be humble! This tabletop game can reflect a player's ability to command...
:'''Turenna:''' The positioning of each Lil' Fungus, their opponent, skill activation rhythm, support timings... Everything is important!
:'''Turenna:''' You haven't received any command training from the Maison Gardiennage, and yet you're still able to launch joint attacks so skillfully...
:'''Turenna:''' You're not just a Super Zenith Boss-Level Force, you're a real Super Zenith Boss!
:'''Turenna:''' Are you interested in taking up a position in the Maison? I'm sure you'd become a captain in no time, and then advance further still into one of the organization's pillars...
:{{DIcon}} Alright! What's the pay like?
::'''Turenna:''' Um... About that... I'm not very sure. I remember that the monthly salary of ordinary Gardes used to be 300,000 Mora a few years ago... I guess it might've risen slightly by now?
::'''Paimon:''' How much is 300,000 Mora per month? It sounds like quite [[Traveler/Voice-Overs/Inazuma#About Kaedehara Kazuha|a familiar number]] to Paimon...
::{{DIcon}} That won't even feed Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} Come now, am I not worth millions?
::'''Turenna:''' I&mdash;It can't be helped! The Maison is an executive agency funded by tax money, so of course the pay wouldn't be that high...
:{{DIcon}} Ugh! I don't want to go to work!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, and settling down and working from a fixed location will keep {{Traveler}} from doing what {{MC|m=he|f=she}} needs to do.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't want to be woken up early in the morning and made to work either... It's best to stay free and go wherever our feet might take us.
::{{DIcon}} And there will be more choices for our daily meals.
::{{DIcon}} And we will have a greater variety of food to enjoy.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Delicious food matters too! Settling down means getting bored of the food sooner or later! Changing menus from time to time is the best!
:'''Haniyyah:''' I understand the respect you feel for them, Ms. Turenna.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Unfortunately, from what I know, they plan on traveling around Teyvat while helping people from all nations to resolve their problems and eliminate monsters...
:'''Haniyyah:''' As a recipient of their kindness, I too hope that more shall be able to receive their help.
:'''Turenna:''' I see...
:'''Turenna:''' Sowing the seeds of justice and peace throughout Teyvat is indeed more important than merely maintaining order in Fontaine!
:'''Turenna:''' Then all I can do is... go a few more rounds with you and do my best to understand your way of thinking!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, there's something important we can't forget, Haniyyah...
:'''Haniyyah:''' You want to know how Bongo-Head's doing, right?
:'''Haniyyah:''' Bongo-Head and Kindlejoy are right over there. Ms. Turenna even specially arranged for someone to take care of our Fungi buddies.
:'''Haniyyah:''' As before, I've prepared special jellies this time too.
:'''Haniyyah:''' You can play with them while enjoying some snacks together!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! That's what Paimon's talking about! You really are getting better at this, Haniyyah!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's each play a round of Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta with Turenna, and then we'll go see Bongo-Head!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!
|zhs     = 小小灵蕈大幻戏！
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 小小靈蕈大幻戲！
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ちびチエキノコン大合戦！
|ja_rm   = Chibi Chie Kinokon Daikassen!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 미니 버섯몬 판타지!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡La Champifiesta!
|es_tl   = The Shroomparty!
|fr      = Fête fun-tastique des cham-p'tit-gnons !
|fr_tl   = Lil' Mushroom's Fun-Tastic Party!
|ru      = Удивительный турнир плесенников!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Fungus มายามหัศจรรย์!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đấu Nấm Chiến Thuật!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kleiner Pilzling, große Illusionen!
|de_tl   = Little Shroomie, Big Illusions!
|id      = Festival Fungus Fantastis!
|id_tl   = Fantastic Fungus Festival!
|pt      = Festa Fúngica Fantástica!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Küçük Mantarların Eğlenceli Şöleni!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fantastifesta dei Mini Miconoidi!
|it_tl   = Fantastic Party of the Mini {{Lex|Fungi|it}}!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

[[pt-br:Festa Fúngica Fantástica!]]
[[ru:Удивительный турнир плесенников!]]
[[th:Fungus มายามหัศจรรย์!]]