{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Stage Archive
|gallery  = false
}}
==Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!==
{{Transclude|Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Fungi Are Not Tidalga!==
{{Transclude|Fungi Are Not Tidalga!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==A Clash Between the First and the Latest!==
{{Transclude|A Clash Between the First and the Latest!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==A Not-So-Distant Farewell==
{{Transclude|A Not-So-Distant Farewell|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Challenge==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Haniyyah]], Day 1 and 2)
:'''Haniyyah:''' I knew it! Your strategy was outstanding in the Nilotpala Cup and Fungus Mechanicus, and it's extraordinary here, too! I suppose I should bring my A-game!
:{{DIcon|Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta}} Play another round of Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta.
::'''Haniyyah:''' No problem! You may find yourself pleasantly surprised if you try mixing and matching different Lil' Fungi.
:{{DIcon}} Your A-game?
::'''Haniyyah:''' Ahem! Anyway, Boss Golden Comet, Silver Companion! What do you think of Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta?
::{{DIcon}} Stop being so formal! We're friends, you know?
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! We're friends! Saying that makes it feel like we're superior and subordinate, and that creates... that, y'know... sense of distance!
::'''Haniyyah:''' My concern is that publicly, I'm an employee of the Beast Tamers Tournament's organizer, and the two of you are our highest-level decision-makers.
::'''Haniyyah:''' According to "500 Things You Need to Know When Organizing a Big Event", attention should always be paid to etiquette and rules, so, using the correct method of address is important as well.
::'''Haniyyah:''' I may need to take up some of your time later to meet with our sponsors and discuss the event.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Like our sponsor this time, the Fonta project team.
::{{DIcon}} I guess I can be the boss for a while...
:::'''Paimon:''' But we know nothing about business talk. They may see through our lack of experience if we're present...
:::'''Paimon:''' "These two so-called bosses are complete amateurs! The deals we offer don't have to be that good!"
:::'''Paimon:''' And we won't be able to refute it, so it'll make everything absolutely embarrassing...
::{{DIcon}} Not only that, the boss takes all the blame...
:::'''Haniyyah:''' The blame? Do you mean... If they think our event didn't perform well, they might blame everything on the highest-level decision makers?
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah... Or maybe, our title of "boss" and our reputation will put the spotlight, and thus any blame that must be laid, on us.
:::'''Paimon:''' Even if we get a chance to explain ourselves, it'll definitely take a lot of time.
::'''Paimon:''' In that way, we'd actually be creating trouble for you, Haniyyah!
::'''Haniyyah:''' That makes sense... Hmm, I never considered this possibility.
::'''Haniyyah:''' I see. When it comes to dealing with people, it seems I'm still lacking in experience when compared to you.
::'''Haniyyah:''' I should use this term of address carefully from now on then... No, I should give more consideration to how I deal with non-mercenaries!
:{{DIcon}} We're more concerned about how you're doing, really...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Haniyyah, we haven't seen each other in a long time, and you've... changed so much! You must have gone through a lot!
::'''Haniyyah:''' Me? I think I've been living quite peacefully, in truth.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Souka taught me a lot about vocabulary and grammar after I returned from Port Ormos, and that helped me get through numerous books.
::'''Haniyyah:''' I think my level of knowledge should barely meet the standards of... the lowest level of students?
::'''Haniyyah:''' In return, I helped Souka with physical training, and taught her more rainforest survival and combat skills.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Maybe it was her keen interest in mercenaries that kept her spirits high at all times, but I took her to meet some of my old mercenary friends, and it didn't take long for her to hit it off with them.
::'''Haniyyah:''' What really surprised me was how we encountered some monsters on the way back...
::'''Haniyyah:''' ...Only for Souka to leap forward and took them down with a few swings of her axe! She's got a real gift!
::{{DIcon}} Guess we look forward to you entering the Akademiya soon, huh?
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Right! Paimon's sure you'll make it, what with all the books you've been reading!
:::'''Haniyyah:''' Not at all! I don't need a degree. I'm satisfied with taking care of my Fungi buddies...
::{{DIcon}} We can look forward to Souka's masterpiece soon, methinks!
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh, but she seemed so weak before! Paimon can't imagine how she's gotten this good at fighting!
:::'''Paimon:''' As a writer who has personally experienced the Beast Tamers Tournament, rainforest survival, and adventure as a mercenary... A story written by Souka would certainly be special!
::'''Haniyyah:''' Anyway, we appreciate your concern. We've been living life to the fullest lately!
:{{DIcon}} Let's talk about our Fungi buddies, shall we?
::'''Haniyyah:''' Relax, Golden Comet!
::'''Haniyyah:''' Souka and I stocked up on a bunch of supplies in Port Ormos, expanded the camp, and obtained jellies with improved flavors.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Bongo-Head and the others are well-fed, and even if they don't go outside their camp, they have climbing walls, swings, and seesaws to keep them from feeling bored.
::'''Haniyyah:''' And when they go outside, the fungi get along well with the Shroomboars, Dusk Birds, and Sumpter Beasts. Sometimes, they even go for walks on the Sumpter Beasts.
::'''Paimon:''' Heh, Paimon almost feels like joining them now!
::'''Haniyyah:''' However, Ms. Najah, who is responsible for improving the Wisdom Orb, has encountered a problem and seems intent on taking the technology in a different direction.
::'''Haniyyah:''' The development of a new Orb is experiencing a huge lack of funding too, so it will be impossible to complete it at the expected rate.
::{{DIcon}} Some delays are understandable.
::{{DIcon}} It's an very important device, after all.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Yeah, we really can't be careless with it, so it can't be helped if it's slow going... If only Paimon knew how to conduct research! Then she'd at least be able to help!
::'''Haniyyah:''' Besides searching for reliable sponsors and promoting the event in advance, I came to Fontaine with the goal of finding technicians skilled in this field.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Fortunately, the Fontaine Research Institute's Fonta research team didn't just provide a huge amount of funding to us, but they also promised to help us look for the necessary talent.
::{{DIcon}} And what's the catch?
::{{DIcon}} There's no such thing as free fried eggs in this world...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's still kinda worried. Did those guys who invented Fonta really not ask anything of you?
::'''Haniyyah:''' Of course they did. They asked for naming rights and to be the sole supplier.
::'''Haniyyah:''' As such, the next Beast Tamers Tournament might not be the Nilotpala Cup but the Fonta Cup instead. The exact name is still under discussion.
::'''Haniyyah:''' All beverages sold by the organizer during the event must be swapped to Fonta or Fonta derivatives as well.
::'''Paimon:''' Well... That doesn't sound too bad?
::'''Paimon:''' It sounds like they're just trying to promote Fonta through the Beast Tamers Tournament...
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute! If we're talking fame, then we're the ones who stand to gain from this! So it seems like we're the biggest winner, no matter how you look at it!
::{{DIcon}} There aren't any competing products right now, either!
:::'''Paimon:''' Indeed! We've won the Fungi important funding without losing anything! It would be a waste to let this opportunity slip by!
:::'''Haniyyah:''' I've carefully verified everything with Souka and Mr. Balfour too. There are no traps in the previous contract. Which is good, since I hope to do this well!
::{{DIcon}} Let's make the new sponsors engage in bidding in the future!
:::'''Haniyyah:''' Bidding? Do you mean making any new sponsors engage in bidding against the Fonta project team for the naming rights?
:::'''Paimon:''' We can do that? {{Traveler}}, how are you always so full of great ideas?
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, after hearing that detailed explanation from you, Haniyyah, Paimon thinks the future is looking really good!
::'''Paimon:''' Maybe your trip to Fontaine will be the stepping stone to many great things.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Thanks for the kind words, Silver Companion!
:{{DIcon}} See you later!
::'''Haniyyah:''' Sure, seems you two are busy.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Don't worry, I'll be staying here for some time, so feel free to come back if you want to catch up or play another round of Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!

{{Dialogue End}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Turenna]], Day 1)
:'''Turenna:''' Also, please consider giving me more coaching if you have the time! I intend to become... a master tactician!
:{{DIcon|Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta}} Then let me teach you again!
::'''Turenna:''' Aye, aye! Don't go easy on me!
:{{DIcon}} Since when did I become your leader!?
::'''Turenna:''' Oh! Sorry! I've already started imagining what it would be like with you in the Special Patrol... Although I'm afraid we still can't offer you millions of Mora per month.
::'''Turenna:''' But if you ever meet Captain [[Chevreuse]], well, she might just write you a recommendation for a salary like that!
::{{DIcon}} Chevreuse?
::{{DIcon}} Captain?
::'''Turenna:''' She's the Captain of our Special Patrol. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say she's one of the greatest musket sharpshooters in Fontaine, period!
::'''Turenna:''' We members of the Patrol are generally skilled at using muskets, but she uses them like they're an extension of her hand!
::'''Turenna:''' They say she can shoot out a candle's flame without damaging the candle itself from over a hundred paces away with even the most ordinary, mass-produced musket.
::'''Turenna:''' The current leaders of every squad in the Patrol are either sharpshooters who have been personally taught by her or have undergone strict evaluation.
::'''Turenna:''' As a newbie who's just joined, I can barely make a shot from around a hundred and fifty paces away... And it has to be against a head-sized target.
::{{DIcon}} Whoa! What kind of marksmanship is that!?
:::'''Turenna:''' Ugh... I knew you'd say something like that...
:::'''Turenna:''' Well, I haven't practiced enough, but I'll work harder! I aim to get 2,000 rounds of practice in this month!
::{{DIcon}} Whoa? You're that accurate?
:::'''Turenna:''' Nah, I'm just alright! With your skill, it wouldn't even take that long for you to surpass me!
::'''Turenna:''' Anyway, if we get the chance, I'll teach you a little about muskets.
::'''Turenna:''' Anyway, please consider joining the Special Patrol or at least become a Special Member, would you?
:{{DIcon}} Let's talk about you first...
::'''Turenna:''' Me? I'm just a newbie in the Special Patrol, so I haven't accomplished anything praiseworthy...
::'''Turenna:''' It's why I was sent to manage Ms. Haniyyah's Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta.
::'''Turenna:''' Of course, this doesn't mean that the Patrol considers it a trivial task.
::'''Turenna:''' I only took over the job and started gathering information from up close after verifying that Ms. Haniyyah's Fungi companions weren't dangerous.
::'''Turenna:''' In the event that we did encounter dangerous monsters, and if the situation warranted it, then we would have dispatched numerous sharpshooters in conjunction with the Gardemeks...
::'''Turenna:''' The Gardemeks would lead the monsters into a killbox, and the sharpshooters waiting in ambush there would loose a hail of bullets upon them...
::'''Turenna:''' In this way, we'd able to keep the monsters pinned while preventing any undue effects on the service life of the Gardemeks.
::{{DIcon}} That sounds amazing!
:::'''Turenna:''' Not at all! It's just one of our most basic tactics!
::{{DIcon}} Can that be used on me?
:::'''Turenna:''' That's not funny. You're not an imaginary enemy... Or I should say that unless the captain led the team herself, no ordinary tactics would be capable of suppressing you...
::'''Turenna:''' If you're interested in the Special Patrol's tactics, I'll bring a handbook along and introduce them to you next time!
::'''Turenna:''' Anyway, please consider joining us, or at least becoming a Special Member!
:{{DIcon}} Then you can start with some self-reflection...
::'''Turenna:''' A&mdash;Alright! Ugh... I'm still too weak...
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Enghiene]], Day 2)
:'''Enghiene:''' Hmm, will these soft, bouncy, smooth, squishy Fungi like Tidalga?
:{{DIcon|Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta}} Forget about that for now! Let's have another game!
::'''Enghiene:''' Fine, bring it on!
:{{DIcon}} Keep your Tidalga and dream on!
::'''Enghiene:''' The Fungi haven't even tried it yet! How can you be so sure they won't like it?
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Souka]], Day 3)
:'''Souka:''' The Guest of Tenshukaku, the Slayer of Three Thousand Bandits in Seven Days, the Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor, the Great Bosses of Gold and Silver...
:'''Souka:''' I had a great time talking and playing games with you. Hehe, I always get lots of inspiration whenever we hang out!
:{{DIcon|Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta}} Two more games, then!
::'''Souka:''' It shall be my honor!
:{{DIcon}} Looks like you're gathering your thoughts. I'll leave you to it, then.
::'''Souka:''' No need to be shy. If you wanna have a chat or play a game or two, come and find me whenever you're free.
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Haniyyah]] or [[Souka]], Day 3)
:'''Haniyyah:''' If you're not too busy, come back and play anytime.
:{{DIcon|Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta}} Play another round.
::'''Souka:''' That's right! I always get more design ideas from watching you, so please, play to your heart's content!
:{{DIcon}} See you later!
::'''Haniyyah:''' We'll be in Fontaine for a while, so I look forward to seeing you again when you're done with whatever you're doing.
::'''Souka:''' It's alright if you can't make time, though. No matter where you go, we will do our best to catch up to you. I'm sure we'll see each other again!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Open World NPCs==
===Bongo-Head and Kindlejoy===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Bongo-Head! Kindlejoy! Long time no see! Paimon's missed you!
:{{DIcon}} Pinch our fungi friends!
::'''Bongo-Head:''' ♪
::'''Kindlejoy:''' ♫
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to hold Bongo-Head and pinch Kindlejoy, too!
::'''Bongo-Head:''' ♪♪~
::'''Kindlejoy:''' ♫♫~
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Hold on a second...
::'''Paimon:''' You both still look more or less the same, but it feels like... you've gotten rounder!
::{{DIcon}} That means they've been eating well!
::{{DIcon}} That means Haniyyah is taking good care of them!
::'''Paimon:''' Well, if they keep eating well, maybe they'll be bigger than even us one day!
::'''Paimon:''' Then, when we travel together, Bongo-Head can put us on its head and fly in the sky!
::'''Paimon:''' And if Bongo-Head gets tired, then Kindlejoy will take us, or we can find a Sumpter Beast and all ride on it!
::'''Bongo-Head:''' ♪♪♪!
::'''Kindlejoy:''' ♫♫♫!
::'''Paimon:''' Looks like you're all looking forward to the journey, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' Once the Wisdom Orb is improved, and the Fungi can move more freely...
::'''Paimon:''' Where should we go? {{Traveler}}, should we start planning?
:{{DIcon}} Let's feed them first.
::'''Paimon:''' Sure! We have a few new jelly flavors this time, too. What flavor will we go with?
::{{DIcon}} Use the Fish and Chips-flavored jellies.
:::'''Bongo-Head:''' ♪~
:::'''Kindlejoy:''' ♫~
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't think the fungi would like Fish and Chips!
:::'''Paimon:''' Guess they're not picky about what they eat. That's good! A good appetite is important for staying healthy!
::{{DIcon}} Use the Coffee-flavored jellies.
:::'''Bongo-Head:''' !
:::'''Kindlejoy:''' !
:::'''Paimon:''' They look even more energetic now!
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh, do Coffee-flavored jellies actually contain coffee?
::{{DIcon}} Use the Fonta-flavored jellies.
:::'''Bongo-Head:''' ?
:::'''Kindlejoy:''' ?
:::'''Paimon:''' Uh, it looks like they're about to float away!
:::'''Paimon:''' So they can't have carbonated things?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Y'know, since we've discovered new dishes in Fontaine, we can tell Haniyyah and get her to develop new jelly flavors!
:{{DIcon}} And this is...
::'''Paimon:''' Looks like a Gardemek that Turenna brought with her.
::'''Paimon:''' Was it playing with the Fungi while we were gone?
::'''Observe the Gardemek:''' (The Gardemek seems to nod as its parts whirl and make low mechanical noises.)
::'''Observe the Gardemek:''' (Despite not speaking, it gives off a sense of... elegance, for some reason.)
::'''Paimon:''' How polite! Paimon will give you a great nickname!
::'''Paimon:''' How about... Miss Gardemetiquette!
::'''Observe the "Miss Gardemetiquette":''' (The Gardemek's visible parts glow faintly with joy.)
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Seems like it likes the name!
::'''Paimon:''' The fungi will be happy to have a new friend like you, Miss Gardemetiquette!
:{{DIcon}} Let's leave for now...
::'''Paimon:''' Well, we'll come play with our Fungi friends when we have time, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Souka===
Available during ''Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta'' after completing ''[[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!]]''.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to ??? near [[The Steambird]])
:'''???:''' Whoa! Our gold and silver bosses! I didn't expect to run into you here!
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
::'''Paimon:''' What's an Eremite doing here?
::'''???:''' Hehe! You can't recognize me? Great, that means my disguise is a huge success!
::'''???:''' Alright! Hand over your friendship fees!
::'''Paimon:''' We will never give you any Mora!
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute... Friendship fees?
::'''???:''' A warm hug works too, or maybe a pat on the shoulder? Even a fist bump would be nice!
::'''???:''' Reunions should be celebrated with happiness and cheer!
::'''???:''' Aren't you happy? The Guest of Tenshukaku, the Slayer of Three Thousand Bandits in Seven Days, and the Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor?
::'''Paimon:''' This string of strange names, and the way you greeted us... with "Boss"?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers now!
::'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Are you... Souka?
::'''Souka:''' Bingo! You've got it right! Souka, Mercenary Mode, is making her debut!
::{{DIcon}} Long time no see! You seem to be in high spirits!
:::'''Paimon:''' Why are you acting just like Haniyyah? You're like a completely different person as well!
:::'''Paimon:''' Are you wearing Haniyyah's clothes?
:::'''Souka:''' Looks good on me, right? It's light, flexible, and breathable, making it perfect for life in the rainforest. And it's just right for Fontaine too. I stay quite cool once I tie my hair up!
:::'''Souka:''' It's perfect for running errands in Fontaine, and I don't even need Mist Flower Corollas for heat relief!
::{{DIcon}} I don't remember!
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, we last met Souka in Sumeru, so it's understandable that you can't remember, {{Traveler}}.
:::'''Paimon:''' A very long time ago, she participated in the Beast Tamers Tournament to gather material, and we defeated her...
:::'''Paimon:''' But she wasn't angered by that, and she even promised to write us into her novel as decent opponents.
:::'''Paimon:''' Later on, she started taking care of our Fungi buddies with Haniyyah, and she has been providing ideas to help create games.
::'''Souka:''' Speaking of which, have you seen Haniyyah? We're releasing the improved version of Fungus Mechanicus, known as "Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta," here in Fontaine.
::'''Souka:''' It comes with brand-new opponents! The pieces were carefully selected and designed based on adventurer stories from everywhere!
::'''Souka:''' Every Lil' Fungi's moves has been redesigned as well, so playing it is guaranteed to be a fresh experience!
::{{DIcon}} An even more wonderful experience, you say!
::{{DIcon}} Well done, Souka!
::'''Paimon:''' Heh, it's more exciting to go up against moving opponents! Commanding our Fungi friends to victory should feel more awesome than ever!
::'''Souka:''' Recognition from both my bosses, hurrah! Guess I've gotta harder {{sic}} from now on, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' We've heard from Haniyyah that you stand in front of The Steambird's office because you're putting advertisements in their paper. Is that the case?
::'''Souka:''' That's right! I have an appointment with a journalist to write the text for it. Don't worry, writing's my specialty!
::'''Souka:''' Balfour was invited by the Fontaine Research Institute to look for technical support personnel to improve the Wisdom Orb, so we're each doing our own things for now.
::'''Souka:''' I want to play a round with you when I'm done, so please, wiat {{sic}} for me!
::'''Paimon:''' You can do it, Souka!
:{{DIcon}} Whoa! The Eremites are invading!
::'''Paimon:''' Eek! Someone get the Gardes...
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, will that really be necessary?
::'''???:''' Hey! Stop that! Hahaha! You're not afraid at all!
::'''???:''' You're a tough duo. Some mercenaries who managed to escape from you painted your portraits and warned others to avoid messing with you at all costs.
::'''???:''' Forget heroes like you, and let's not even consider the Gardemeks patrolling the streets. A Blubberbeast would knock me out with a mere swing of its tail!
::'''???:''' Not to mention that I'm no invader. I'm just a tourist dressed as a mercenary who is conducting standard business activities.
::'''???:''' Haniyyah got Ms. Turenna to send a photograph of me to the Maison Gardiennage, so the Gardes aren't going to arrest me!
::{{DIcon}} Wait... Did you just mention... Haniyyah?
::'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Are you... Souka?
::'''Souka:''' Bingo! You've got it right! Souka, Mercenary Mode, is making her debut!
::{{DIcon}} Long time no see! You seem to be in high spirits!
:::'''Paimon:''' Why are you acting just like Haniyyah? You're like a completely different person as well!
:::'''Paimon:''' Are you wearing Haniyyah's clothes?
:::'''Souka:''' Looks good on me, right? It's light, flexible, and breathable, making it perfect for life in the rainforest. And it's just right for Fontaine too. I stay quite cool once I tie my hair up!
:::'''Souka:''' It's perfect for running errands in Fontaine, and I don't even need Mist Flower Corollas for heat relief!
::{{DIcon}} I don't remember!
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, we last met Souka in Sumeru, so it's understandable that you can't remember, {{Traveler}}.
:::'''Paimon:''' A very long time ago, she participated in the Beast Tamers Tournament to gather material, and we defeated her...
:::'''Paimon:''' But she wasn't angered by that, and she even promised to write us into her novel as decent opponents.
:::'''Paimon:''' Later on, she started taking care of our Fungi buddies with Haniyyah, and she has been providing ideas to help create games.
::'''Souka:''' Speaking of which, have you seen Haniyyah? We're releasing the improved version of Fungus Mechanicus, known as "Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta," here in Fontaine.
::'''Souka:''' It comes with brand-new opponents! The pieces were carefully selected and designed based on adventurer stories from everywhere!
::'''Souka:''' Every Lil' Fungi's moves has been redesigned as well, so playing it is guaranteed to be a fresh experience!
::{{DIcon}} An even more wonderful experience, you say!
::{{DIcon}} Well done, Souka!
::'''Paimon:''' Heh, it's more exciting to go up against moving opponents! Commanding our Fungi friends to victory should feel more awesome than ever!
::'''Souka:''' Recognition from both my bosses, hurrah! Guess I've gotta harder {{sic}} from now on, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' We've heard from Haniyyah that you stand in front of The Steambird's office because you're putting advertisements in their paper. Is that the case?
::'''Souka:''' That's right! I have an appointment with a journalist to write the text for it. Don't worry, writing's my specialty!
::'''Souka:''' Balfour was invited by the Fontaine Research Institute to look for technical support personnel to improve the Wisdom Orb, so we're each doing our own things for now.
::'''Souka:''' I want to play a round with you when I'm done, so please, wiat {{sic}} for me!
::'''Paimon:''' You can do it, Souka!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, run!
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no! A weird Eremite! Run!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Open-World Interactables==
===Special Fonta Vending Machine===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Special Fonta Vending Machine:''' "Lil' Fungi, Loads of Fun!"
:'''Special Fonta Vending Machine:''' "Superb Fonta, Superb Gaming!"
:'''Special Fonta Vending Machine:''' (It seems that you cannot purchase Fonta at this machine. It is presently no different from an advertisement board...)
{{Dialogue End}}

[[pt-br:Festa Fúngica Fantástica/História]]
[[ru:Удивительный турнир плесенников/История]]