{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes}}
{{About|the [[NPC]]|the Enemy|Liliuo (Enemy)}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Liliuo.png
|title            = "Frost Star of Ixquimilli"
|element          = Cryo
|location         = Natlan
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = People of the Springs
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm14296569|Mia Paige]]<ref>Mia Paige: [https://miapaigeva.com/#roles EN VA's Resume]</ref>
}}
'''Liliuo''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that first appears in {{Quest|Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame (Quest)}}.

==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Liliuo is a veteran warrior from the People of the Springs who once fought alongside [[Atea]] against the abyss.<ref name="PilgrimageAnn">{{Ref/BB|People of the Springs Bulletin Board|Pilgrimage Announcement}}</ref>

When the [[Traveler]] observed a [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]], Liliuo partook in the event, eventually coming face-to-face with [[Kachina]]. Liliuo was initially unimpressed by her opponent, believing she lacked the ability to fight and was further cheered on by her supporters. Kachina, heeding the Traveler's advice, exploited flaws in Liliuo's tactics and defeated her in the match. Liliuo accepted her loss, admitting that she had underestimated Kachina and believed she had potential in the future.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame (Quest)}}</ref>

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Liliuo has short, blonde hair. She owns a Cryo [[Vision]] that she wears on her left hip.

Although Liliuo is from the People of the Springs,<ref name="PilgrimageAnn" /> the outfit and gear she wears is that of an [[Iktomisaurus Warrior: Cryocrystal Cannon]] &mdash; a specific class of Sauroform Tribal Warrior from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]], though her mask covers her entire face rather than leaving her mouth exposed. Her Saurian Mask accordingly bears the visage of an [[Iktomisaurus]]. Her weapon is a cannon similar to that of a [[Koholasaurus Warrior: Reefsplitter]] or [[Yumkasaurus Warrior: Flowing Skyfire]], but instead fires chunks of ice.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* Liliuo was one of the characters that attended [[Atea]]'s hot spring parties in the past.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Home of the Hot Springs}}</ref>

===Etymology===
* {{W|Liliʻuokalani}} was the last queen of the {{W|Hawaiian Kingdom|Kingdom of Hawai'i}}. Lili'u means "stinging pain" in Hawaiian.
* ''Ixquimilli'' means negligent and lazy in {{w|Nahuatl}}, and is the name of the deity of frost in {{w|Aztec mythology}}, {{w|Itztlacoliuhqui|Ixquimilli-Itztlacoliuhqui}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Liliuo
|zhs     = 莉琉
|zhs_rm  = Lìliú
|zht     = 莉琉
|zht_rm  = Lìliú
|ja      = リリウ
|ko      = 릴로
|es      = Lili'uo
|fr      = Liliuo
|ru      = Лилиуо
|th      = Liliuo
|vi      = Liliuo
|de      = Liliuo
|id      = Liliuo
|pt      = Liliuo
|tr      = Liliuo
|it      = Liliuo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Lili'uo]]