{{About|the character|the gadget|Jinni in the Magic Bottle — Liloupar}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|image            = NPC Liloupar.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Gurabad
|affiliation2     = Ay-Khanoum
|title            = 
|ancestry         = Jinn
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Ormazd
|sibling          = 
|child            = Shirin of Gurabad
|child2           = Parvezravan
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Liloupar''', also spelled '''Liloufar''', was a historical figure in the [[Great Red Sand]] and the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]] in [[Sumeru]]. She was a [[Jinni]] who originally served [[Nabu Malikata]] and after her death, served [[King Deshret]]. Liloupar is best known for her role in the destruction of [[Gurabad]], which she wrought over three generations as revenge against her husband [[Ormazd]], who became a tyrant after becoming the vassal king of the desert.

She appears, in bottle form, as part of the World Quest Series ''[[The Dirge of Bilqis]]''.

==Profile==
Like most Jinn, Liloupar is rather proud and only gives her allegiance to those whom she deems worthy. She takes the [[Traveler]] as her new master and, accordingly, holds the Eremites in low regard due to their attempts to use her for their own gain. Having previously had her soul split by King Deshret as punishment for the destruction she caused at Gurabad, she seeks to reclaim her fragments and restore her full power.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
As a Jinn, Liloupar was said to have been born from the water lilies that grew from the streams which came into being from Nabu Malikata's footsteps. Like most other Jinn, she lived in [[Ay-Khanoum]],<ref>Interactable: [[Nameless Tablet#Nameless Tablet (V)|Nameless Tablet (V)]]</ref> which Nabu Malikata and King Deshret jointly constructed for the Jinn. After Nabu Malikata's death, the Jinn turned to serve King Deshret,<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Defender of the Enchanting Dream}}</ref> who had promised them that their late mistress slumbered in the [[Orchard of Pairidaeza]] and that he would one day revive her.

The shepherd [[Ormazd]], with King Deshret's grace and Liloupar's aid, united the desert peoples and defeated Huvashtra the Tyrant. Liloupar fell in love with him and believed he would be the one to realize Nabu Malikata's dream of a mortal society free of slavery.<ref>Interactable: [[Nameless Tablet#Nameless Tablet (VI)|Nameless Tablet (VI)]]</ref> However, Ormazd grew corrupt and tyrannical, much to Liloupar's fury. To take revenge on his "betrayal," Liloupar plotted to curse Gurabad with three generations of ruination, twisting her own children's fates to accomplish her goal.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|The First Days of the City of Kings}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III}}</ref>

Liloupar gave birth to a daughter, Shirin. Before she delivered their daughter into Ormazd's hands, she prophesied three times: First, that Shirin would fall in love with a great hero and bear a child who would surpass their father, second, that many of her relatives would have a sweet end, and third, that she alone would be given her father's kingdom. The "great hero" whom Shirin married was her brother [[Parvezravan|Kisra Parvez]], Liloupar's son and Ormazd's adoptive son, but their marriage was a loveless one while Ormazd shunned her due to Liloupar's warnings to him; to quell her own fury, Shirin herself plotted revenge on Ormazd and Kisra. She assassinated Ormazd and her other siblings with poisoned honey, making Kisra the new ruler of Gurabad as "Parvezravan." Later, Shirin bore a son, [[Shiruyeh]]. Although she doted on him, Parvezravan feared his son due to Liloupar's prophecy and exiled Shiruyeh after he reached adulthood, which forced Shiruyeh to don a brass mask to disguise himself. Shirin eventually goaded her son into murdering Parvezravan and taking control of Gurabad.<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin|2}}</ref>

King Deshret punished Liloupar for the tragedy she caused at Gurabad and split the Jinn into seven parts.<ref>Vaguely-Readable Inscription: [[Primal Obelisk#Safhe Shatranj|Safhe Shatranj]]</ref> The most dominant part of Liloupar was kept in [[Liloupar's Cell]]. In some Eremite beliefs, it is said that Liloupar fell victim to an insidious plot and found herself with a "split soul."<ref>{{Ref/Arti|End of the Golden Realm}}</ref>

===Present Day===
During the events of ''The Dirge of Bilqis'', the [[Traveler]] and [[Jeht]] uncover a magic bottle containing a fragment of Liloupar's soul. Liloupar, seeing some of Ormazd's original promising traits in the Traveler, takes them as her new master.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Temple Where Sand Flows Like Tears}}</ref> After obtaining her final soul fragment, Liloupar leaves to reunite with her children in Gurabad. The bottle is left behind with the Traveler and still provides the same benefit as when Liloupar inhabited it.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Memories of Gurabad}}</ref>

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
*The Indonesian patch notes for [[Version 3.3]] stated that all instances of "Liloufar" were being changed to "Liloupar." However, this was the only place to directly mention any adjustment to her name and while newer texts consistently use "Liloupar," ''The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin'' &mdash; which contains the only instances of "Liloufar" and was written before Version 3.3 &mdash; remains unchanged in all languages.
*In the original Chinese text, when Liloupar refers to Ferigees as "sister," she uses {{Zh|姐妹|rm=jiěmèi}}, a term which is typically used for a person whom the speaker is not familially related to. That said, Paimon and the Traveler sardonically remark on their similar manners of speech being an indication of a familial relation, and there is insufficient information about Jinn to determine whether the two are "family" from a human perspective.
<!--
Unhide if a Note is used on the page. (See Asase Hibiki's page for an example usage.)
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Flex|
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Liloupar
|zhs     = 利露帕尔
|zhs_rm  = Lìlùpà'ěr
|zht     = 利露帕爾
|zht_rm  = Lìlùpà'ěr
|ja      = リルパァール
|ja_rm   = Rirupaaru
|ko      = 릴루페르
|es      = Lilúpar
|fr      = Liloupar
|ru      = Лилупар
|th      = Liloupar
|vi      = Liloupar
|de      = Liloupar
|id      = Liloupar
|pt      = Liloupar
|tr      = Liloupar
|it      = Liloupar
}}
|{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Liloufar
|zhs     = 利露法尔
|zhs_rm  = Lìlùfǎ'ěr
|zht     = 利露法爾
|zht_rm  = Lìlùfǎ'ěr
|ja      = リルファル
|ja_rm   = Rirufaru
|ko      = 릴루파르
|es      = Lilúfar
|fr      = Liloufar
|ru      = Лилуфар
|th      = Liloufar
|vi      = Liloufar
|de      = Liloufar
|id      = Liloufar
|pt      = Liloufar
|tr      = Liloufar
|it      = Liloufar
}}}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}