{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74007
|image         = World Quest Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Ancient Colors
|act           = Blue Longing of Heart and Moon
|actNum        = III
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Elynas (NPC); Jakob; Mamere; Paimon; Seymour; Traveler
|startLocation = {{LL|"A Lonely Place"|,}} [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Beryl Region
|subarea       = "A Lonely Place"; "A Very Warm Place"
|prev          = There Will Come Soft Rains
|next          = Initial Facts
|next2         = The Final Question
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Primogem*50;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4;Mamere's Painting*1
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 583
|repTitle      = Seymour's Story: Prologue
}}
'''''Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog''''' is the only quest in the series [[Ancient Colors]] Act III: ''[[Blue Longing of Heart and Moon]]''.

==Steps==
# Head to the designated location
# Enter the waters
# Head to the [["A Very Warm Place"|designated location]]
# Defeat [[Jakob]]
#* {{Enemy|Iniquitous Baptist|text=Jakob &mdash; True Nature Revealed in the End}}
# Try to escape
# Defeat the [[Rifthound]]s
#* {{Enemy|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
# Talk to [[Mamere]]
# Explore the unknown space
# Use the prism to resonate with the ores
# Meet the owner of the voice

==Gameplay Notes==
* The player's camera will be forcibly zoomed out and surrounded by a haze during steps 1 to 7.
** This effect is only present in [["A Lonely Place"]] and most of [["A Very Warm Place"]], excluding [[Canotila and the Book of Revealing]].
* [[Seymour]] will fight alongside the player from step 4 to 6 as a {{Enemy|Recon Log Mek - Pneuma}}.
* A {{Enemy|Shatterstone Breacher Primus}} will appear in the middle of step 5 to free the player and will fight alongside them in step 6.
* If the player leaves [[Nice to Meet You]] during steps 8 to 10, they will be brought back to step 7.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Find Jakob.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the portal)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what's wrong? Why can't we continue on?
:'''Mamere:''' Strange... it seems like something's blocking the way...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, what do we do...
:{{DIcon}} We could use Seymour to break the wall down...
::'''Seymour:''' I apologize, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}}{{Traveler}}, but that is impossible. The thickness of the rock wall exceeds my output limits. I would run out of energy before a tunnel could be successfully bored.
::'''Mamere:''' S&mdash;Swim... from over there... Father's... blood... is already...
::'''Paimon:''' Blood? Mamere, are you okay? What blood?
::'''Mamere:''' We cannot... delay any further. Let's swim from over there...
:{{DIcon}} The currents over there...
::'''Mamere:''' That's right. Swim... Over there... Because Father's blood... is already...
::'''Paimon:''' Blood? Mamere, are you okay? What blood?
::'''Mamere:''' We cannot... delay any further. Let's swim from over there...

;(Enter the water current)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, that's odd. Paimon remembers that the currents here used to flow in the opposite direction...
:'''Seymour:''' Note: Regular record space collation can decrease the frequency of such issues effectively.
:'''Paimon:''' ?

;(Approach the end of the tunnel)
:;(An [[Iniquitous Baptist]] approaches the giant stone)
:;(It casts a large purple beam onto the stone and it becomes red)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! What happened to that strange giant stone all of a sudden!?
:'''Paimon:''' And look at that color! Doesn't it basically look like a heart?
:'''???:''' That's right. This is the original form the "heart."{{sic}}
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. That's... you're Jakob!
:'''Mamere:''' What are you... doing...
:'''Jakob:''' Gathering "paint," as you can see.
:'''Jakob:''' Hah. "Paint." What an interesting way to describe this filth &mdash; and to think that anyone would set it upon canvas...
:'''Mamere:''' Wh&mdash;What...!?
:'''Jakob:''' Still, your arrival here was quite unexpected.
:'''Jakob:''' I could've sworn I sealed all the entrances &mdash; did I slip up somewhere?
:'''Paimon:''' You... You're a member of the [[Abyss Order]], aren't you?
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh! Where there's smoke, there's fire &mdash; and where there's evil, there's you guys, huh?
:'''Jakob:''' The Abyss Order? Oh, please, do not lump me in with those benighted primitives.
:'''Jakob:''' They are no different from those oppressors &mdash; the power they seek is but a tool that only a few can use. What [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo|we]] search for is true equality. The liberation of the will.
:'''Jakob:''' Just as my friend said, those who lack weakness of consciousness shall not be subdued either by gods or death.
:'''Paimon:''' Stop your prattling! If you aren't with the Abyss Order, how do you explain the magic you used earlier?
:'''Jakob:''' I merely used the power of the Abyss to reverse the crystallization process. That's all.
:'''Jakob:''' In any case, I had not expected to see its heart withered to such an extent after a mere few hundred years. As such, it needed to be restarted for me to obtain sufficient blood.
:{{DIcon}} Sufficient blood?
:'''Jakob:''' Yes. A rather inelegant method of doing things, you might think.
:'''Jakob:''' Alas, there is no other way. I, too, initially believed that I could obtain enough congealed blood from Ms. Mamere through peaceful means.
:'''Jakob:''' This would've allowed the plan to go through without alerting the [[Marechaussee Phantom|Marechaussee Hunter]]s. Alas, that backfired. Too bad, I suppose.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, didn't you previously say that you wanted paint? What's this congealed blood you're blabbering about?
:{{DIcon}} Explain.
:'''Jakob:''' ...?
:'''Jakob:''' Wait a moment... Hah, this is more interesting than I thought. So you don't actually know what those paints really are, or the power they contain?
:'''Jakob:''' I see, I see... it seems I spoke too much &mdash; how terribly unexpected.
:'''Jakob:''' Still, I fail to understand &mdash; why would you want to get close to Ms. Mamere, if you don't understand the value of those "paints"?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Don't bring us down to the level of sneaky scheming schemers like yourself!
:'''Paimon:''' Besides, you summoned the monsters earlier, didn't you? What did you do that for? Why did you have to attack the other Melusines?
:'''Jakob:''' Attack them? I hardly have the time for such frivolous pursuits.
:'''Jakob:''' Well, in theory, the arrays I activated in those ruins to reverse the crystallization would indeed have temporarily opened the way into the realm of beasts...
:'''Jakob:''' I suppose that's how the monsters you mentioned were attracted here &mdash; like flies to festering meat on the road.
:'''Jakob:''' As for those Melusines... Well. An unrelated matter, I fear. Let's not discuss them.
:'''Paimon:''' You...!
:'''Jakob:''' Compared to that, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}, do indulge my curiosity. What do you think of the original sights here, now that you've seen them?
:'''Jakob:''' Look at your feet. Blood, flowing like a river, fertilizing the very dust of the earth with their filthy fat.
:'''Jakob:''' If I told you that a greater disaster than that will come one day, how would you react?
:{{DIcon}} ?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, what are you talking about? Blood, fat... Hasn't this place only turned just a little bit red?
:'''Seymour:''' Negative. The blood has already risen over {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}'s ankles. The local contamination index is now over ten times the human body's endurance threshold.
:'''Seymour:''' I recommend that all present leave this area for your own safety and to prevent the following: allergies, confusion, white matter distortion, mental deterioration, and...
:'''Jakob:''' I see. That's how far it's gone, hmm?
:'''Jakob:''' How sad. But fear not. I will liberate you.
:'''Jakob:''' The moment foretold by the "world-formula" is coming. There is little time left.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|In the end, the root of all problems may come from the heart.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After defeating Jakob)
:'''Jakob:''' Fascinating. I'd thought that you were only able to reach this place purely through luck &mdash; but it appears as if that was not all.
:'''Jakob:''' Indulge my curiosity, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}. Could you tell me who you are... exactly?
:{{DIcon}} That's none of your concern.
:'''Jakob:''' Not going to answer? Well, that's fine. It was just a mild curiosity of mine, after all.
:'''Jakob:''' In any case, I haven't any further time to waste here.
:'''Jakob:''' The appointed time is coming, and I have enough blood to use. Any further delay may invite unwanted attention.
:'''Paimon:''' We're not gonna let you get away! What "time" are you talking about?
:'''Jakob:''' And that is none of your concern. It has nothing to do with you, after all. Anyway&mdash;
:'''Mamere:''' {{Traveler}}...? Look out!
:;(A triangular barrier appears around the Traveler)
:{{DIcon}} What the...
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What is this? You despicable... What have you done to {{Traveler}}!?
:'''Jakob:''' I wouldn't use that word. This is a matter of utility, not morality.
:'''Jakob:''' You are indeed very strong, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}, but I wouldn't say the same for the others.
:;(Rifthounds spawn)
:'''Paimon:''' Agh! Where did these monsters come from this time!?
:'''Seymour:''' Apologies, Jakob Ingold, but I fear I cannot let you do this.
:'''Seymour:''' Ms. Mamere, Ms. Paimon, please get behind me. My duty is to defend. All attempts to harm you will not succeed.
:'''Jakob:''' Such arrogance, you piece of soulless scrap.
:'''Jakob:''' You were unable to defend [[Mary-Ann]] then &mdash; all you will do today is confront that incompetence once more.
:'''Seymour:''' Mary... Ann?
:'''Jakob:''' ...And should you survive this battle, the giant revived beast will crush and digest you all.
:'''Jakob:''' Well then, farewell.
:'''Paimon:''' Agh, they're coming this way!

;(During the fight with the rifthounds)
:'''Seymour:''' Restart complete. Concrete hostile threats detected. Automatically switching to sweeper mode.
:'''Seymour:''' {{Traveler}}, based on the results of my scan, your attacks will not affect this structure. It can only be destroyed by energy equal to the contamination index.
:'''Seymour:''' Regrettably, I too am not equipped with such output. However, I recommend you stop trying to breach the containment dome, as it will only deplete your energy.
:'''Paimon:''' Stop yapping and help us think of something!
:'''???:''' ...
:'''Mamere:''' ...Father?
:'''Paimon:''' It's... a Breacher Primus!? It's heading for the Traveler...! Oh no, look out!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh...? It's... attacking that barrier?
:;(The barrier disappears)

;(After defeating the rifthounds)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, guess we're finally safe, huh!
:'''Paimon:''' Still, what was with that round thing? It was... helping us?
:'''Paimon:''' Mamere, are you okay?
:;(The Traveler hears the sound that often accompanies the red flashes)
:'''Mamere:''' ...Yes, Father.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh?
:'''Mamere:''' Eh? Here...?
:'''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Oh. Paimon thought you were talking to us...
:{{DIcon}} (It's that sound again...)
:;(The Traveler hears the sound again)
:'''Mamere:''' ...I understand. Since this is your will, it will be done.
:'''Mamere:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon... Could you both strike a pose? I'm going to start drawing.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Wait a moment! Paimon hasn't mentally prepared herself, or figured out what pose to strike&mdash; actually, wait. Why are we doing this here and now!?
:'''Mamere:''' Um... I don't know how to explain, but I think Seymour can help...
:'''Seymour:''' Logic module... calculating... Attempting to rationalize reason for question. Results: Insufficient data. Cannot answer.
:'''Seymour:''' My logic module concludes that your decision is far from logical, Ms. Mamere.
:'''Paimon:''' Seriously, Seymour, what are you doing... and also, why did you push the problem to him, Mamere?
:'''Seymour:''' My primary design goal is to... Now sorting data fragments.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, Seymour? You okay? Oh boy, looks like he's "hanged."
:'''Mamere:''' Sorry, Paimon, but there's no more time to explain. If we don't hurry, it'll be too late.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, sure, okay. This doesn't quite feel right, but Paimon trusts you!
:{{DIcon}} I have faith in you too, Mamere.
::{{DIcon}} I know you won't do anything to harm us on purpose.
:'''Paimon:''' But... Ugh, Paimon hasn't decided what pose to strike yet...
:'''Paimon:''' Any thoughts, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} (Strike an "all goes just as planned" pose.)
::'''Paimon:''' Then, Paimon'll also&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} (Strike a "come on, you lot" pose.)
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that's right, there's nowhere to run now! Uh... Where's Paimon supposed to stand, though?
:{{DIcon}} (Strike a confident pose.)
::'''Paimon:''' Yup, yup, that's the kind of confidence you should have in a situation like this&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What do you think? Will holding this pose do?
:'''Mamere:''' Yup, you look great.
:'''Mamere:''' Now then, leave the rest to me.
:{{Black Screen|Mamere takes a deep breath, almost as if encouraging herself, and with a few wags of her short little tail, she gets to work without another word. Her expression and the looks she gives you are resolute and earnest &mdash; solemn, some might even say.<br>Not long after, her work is done.}}
:'''Mamere:''' It's... done.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, that was super quick!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, {{Traveler}}, let's have a look, shall we...
{{Dialogue End}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|You seem to have arrived at some strange space... What is this place?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:;(The Traveler arrives at a pink-hued area with a location pop-up "Nice to Meet You")
:'''???:''' Apologies, {{Traveler}}. I brought you here before I even had a chance to say hello.
:'''???:''' Might I trouble you with helping me clear out that "poison"?
:'''???:''' {{Traveler}}, please activate the prisms to clear them out.

;(After destroying the ores)
:'''???:''' Ah! That takes care of that. Thank you, {{Traveler}}!
:'''???:''' Might I invite you up here? I still have much to say to you.

;(Approach the marked location)
:;(A ghostly Melusine appears)
:'''???:''' Ah, you're finally here. I've always wanted to meet you and talk to you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} You know me?
:'''???:''' Yes. I've been watching you all this time... Or should I say "sensing" you? I felt your presence ever since that child of mine who loves art brought you inside my body.
:'''???:''' It was like a warm light was running to and fro within my organs and blood vessels.
:{{DIcon}} Elynas...
:'''Elynas:''' Yes. That's my name. Beautiful, isn't it? I love it.
:{{DIcon}} Why did you appear in the form of a Melusine?
:'''Elynas:''' Why? Well, I find that form to be very beautiful. Don't you think so too, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Elynas:''' I love them very much, for they are, one and all, my lovely children. In here, I can decide my own appearance, so of course, I chose the look I love the most.
:{{DIcon}} The Melusine are your children?
:'''Elynas:''' That's right! That happened a long, long time ago. Not long after I first experienced death, I think.
:'''Elynas:''' Many, many people, a [[Oceanid|spirit of the primordial waters]], and many metal animals came into my body.
:'''Elynas:''' I thought that they, like those two other people, were here to explore and gather my blood. I was originally just happy to have people here, but they chose to fight each other in the end instead.
:'''Elynas:''' But of course, I was dead at that point. I was too weak to do anything beyond watching them in silence and feeling the wounds they left inside my body.
:'''Elynas:''' In the end, someone triggered an explosion that caused a terrible shockwave. Many people died, and those metal animals also died. The survivors left, and everything was very quiet once more.
:'''Elynas:''' A lot of sharp shards pierced my body from the explosion's impact, but later, tiny life emerged from those wounds and from my broken flesh.
:'''Elynas:''' I was so overjoyed, for they were beautiful and intelligent. Also, that was when I realized that I could do more than destroy &mdash; I could bring beautiful new life into this world.
:'''Elynas:''' So I spoke to them, and I told them of many things. I taught them how to build a home for themselves that they might grow up well. Then, there was happiness and liveliness everywhere.
:'''Elynas:''' Later, they gradually became unable to hear my voice. That's fine, though &mdash; just as Mother once said farewell to me, all children must grow up and leave their parents.
:'''Elynas:''' Only that child who loves painting still speaks to me, and she even brought her friends &mdash; that's how I came to meet you. I truly am happy that that's the case.
:{{DIcon}} So you're Mamere's "Father"...
:'''Elynas:''' That's right!
:'''Elynas:''' Still, you truly are special. It was only when the situation was past salvaging that I realized how my blood was poisonous to humans.
:'''Elynas:''' But when you came into contact with my blood, not only did you not get poisoned, but instead, you slowly became linked to my and my daughters' consciousnesses &mdash; you began to see and sense many things.
:'''Elynas:''' You are the second person I have met who did not fear my blood. Ah, if only there were more people like you...
:{{DIcon}} Who was the other person?
:'''Elynas:''' Ah, so you don't know each other? But I saw you saying so many things to one another. I refer to the person who made my heart start beating again.
:{{DIcon}} Jakob...
:'''Elynas:''' A long, long time ago, he and [[Rene|someone else]] came into my body to collect my blood. Absorbing my blood would really raise his spirits!
:'''Elynas:''' At that time, my children were not yet born, and I felt rather lonely as I lay here. As such, I was very pleased to meet them &mdash; and I was very pleased to have helped him out.
:'''Elynas:''' He must've tried to restart my heart to thank me for helping him out using my blood...
:'''Elynas:''' But I'm afraid I can't accept his kindness. As such, I thank you for stopping him &mdash; and me.
:{{DIcon}} Why?
:'''Elynas:''' Well, if I were to be revived, my heart would beat, my blood would surge, and my internal organs would come to life again.
:'''Elynas:''' What would happen to my children then? They and their beautiful little houses would be crushed and digested. That would be too terrible a tragedy.
:'''Elynas:''' I might look like this now, but my body is, in truth, very big and frightening.
:'''Elynas:''' In the beginning, my siblings and I took leave of our Mother and came to play on the surface.
:'''Elynas:''' But I realized at last that the things I found fun and joyous were terrifying to others. It was too late by then &mdash; and I was filled with grief and regret.
:'''Elynas:''' That's why I asked Mamere to use my blood to create a painting and give it to you. That way, I'd get the chance to thank you in person.
:'''Elynas:''' Thank you, {{Traveler}}, for stopping my heart. So long as I live, I will bring grief to others, and I never wish to see that happen ever again.
:{{DIcon}} You're very welcome.
::{{DIcon}} I mean, I did it to survive, too.
::{{DIcon}} I did it to stop Jakob as well.
:'''Elynas:''' I see. Anyway, this is a rare opportunity. I haven't been this clear-minded in a very long time. Why don't we chat about some other things?
:'''Elynas:''' Is there anything else you'd like to talk about, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about your origins...
::'''Elynas:''' Sure! My mother is the reason I exist. Mother is the most wonderful person in this world. She gave me my name &mdash; and it is a lovely name.
::'''Elynas:''' Before I was born, I floated in the cosmic darkness. It was cold there, and lonely. I was so sad, then, and I would often cry.
::'''Elynas:''' But later, I heard Mother's voice.
::'''Elynas:''' She wished for me to be born into a beautiful world, to give me life, to give me a strong and healthy body that could walk the world, to grant me a beautiful name.
::'''Elynas:''' She wanted to give me many siblings, wanted me to meet many friends, wanted me to see the beautiful sights beyond that cosmic dark.
::'''Elynas:''' She did not deceive me, and I was very happy. My elder siblings treated me well, and later, many younger ones came along &mdash; and I treated them just as my elder siblings treated me.
::'''Elynas:''' Later, we left the world beneath the earth. I felt the wind brushing against my skin, the warmth of the sun, waters icy and warm.
::'''Elynas:''' Life is wonderful &mdash; and it was wonderful that I was able to witness this world!
::'''Elynas:''' ...
::'''Elynas:''' Only later did I discover that I was different from the life in this world. The things that brought me happiness, the things that interested me... they were frightening and terribly hurtful to those of this world.
::'''Elynas:''' Eventually, I fell here and died. That saddened yet gladdened me. I treasured the life I was given by Mother, but my life would bring everyone such pain... so it was better this way.
::'''Elynas:''' Later, just as Mother gave me life, I gave my children life, that they may walk upon this world &mdash; that makes me very proud and very happy.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Jakob...
::'''Elynas:''' That person from before, you mean? I fear I know little about him. He is not like you &mdash; even after drinking my blood, he cannot speak to me as you do.
::'''Elynas:''' In the beginning, he came with someone else to search for the blood within my body. At that time, I could feel that they were different.
::'''Elynas:''' There is something within him &mdash; a bit of the dark, cold cosmos's power.
::'''Elynas:''' And aha, I thought, so my blood will do him good &mdash; wonderful!
::'''Elynas:''' Later, he would come often to collect my blood, all the way up till there was a great battle involving many people here, him included. He didn't come back again after that.
::'''Elynas:''' To be honest, I was worried that he might have died. Imagine how happy I was to see him return &mdash; alive and well, and so tall and strong!
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About that Breacher Primus from earlier...
::'''Elynas:''' Ah! Well, I saw that you were trapped and thought, "If this goes on, I will be revived, and you will all die."
::'''Elynas:''' My strength began to return, and so I thought, why don't I use one of my cells to attack the thing trapping you? That way, you'd be able to move.
::{{DIcon}} That was one of your cells?
::'''Elynas:''' That's right! They can help to drive harmful things away from my body and protect my children. However, they aren't as smart as my children, so they will attack you too. Sorry about that.
::'''Elynas:''' Still, I'm glad to have helped out!
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I need to go. Paimon and Mamere will worry.
::'''Elynas:''' That's true...
::'''Elynas:''' Well, I'm almost out of time, too! There are a lot of things I'd love to talk to you about, but the life I received this time is almost spent.
::'''Elynas:''' Could you do me a favor, though, {{Traveler}}?
::{{DIcon}} What do you need?
::'''Elynas:''' Could you tell Mamere... Hmm, what to say...
::'''Elynas:''' How about this, then? "Your paintings are very beautiful. I love you, and I'm so very proud of you."
::'''Elynas:''' Ah, right, and "please get along with your sisters &mdash; they love you very much as well."
::'''Elynas:''' Thanks a bunch, {{Traveler}}!
::{{DIcon}} I've got it.
::'''Elynas:''' Alright then, thank you! Honestly, it was great meeting you. Someday, I hope that I'll be able to traverse this world without fear of causing harm or death to others.
:;(Elynas's figure disappears)
::'''Elynas:''' When that time comes, I'll be sure to show you what I really look like!
----
:;(The Traveler returns to Elynas. The red overlay is gone)<!-- Screen transition -->
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}! {{Traveler}}! Are you alright? You've been staring at that painting this whole time...
:'''Paimon:''' Seriously, you were just like Seymour... He just said he would be "searching for data," and since then, he's just... not moved at all.
:{{DIcon}} "Your paintings are very beautiful."
::{{DIcon}} "I love you, and I'm so very proud of you."
:'''Mamere:''' Eh? {{Traveler}}, you... I... You...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait just a minute, where did all that come from? Are you okay?
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine, don't worry.
::{{DIcon}} Someone asked me to pass their words on to you, Mamere.
:{{DIcon}} My eyes are a little dry from all that staring.
::{{DIcon}} Someone asked me to pass their words on to you, Mamere.
:'''Mamere:''' I see. Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} "Please get along with your sisters."
::{{DIcon}} "They love you very much as well."
:'''Mamere:''' I&mdash; Come on, I've always gotten along well with everyone. Seriously...
:'''Mamere:''' But since Father said so... I got it. Thank you, {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Paimon didn't notice this before, but when did that thing over there turn back to stone? The shaking from before seems to be stopped, too...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. Were you in such a hurry to paint for us because...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon's got it! People call really good paintings "absorbing," don't they? So you painted that in order to "absorb" {{Traveler}}, right?
:'''Paimon:''' ...Hmm, no, that doesn't make sense &mdash; what happened, really?
:{{DIcon}} I'll explain in detail later.
::{{DIcon}} The problem here seems to have been resolved, at least.
::{{DIcon}} We're safe for now &mdash; us and the Melusines.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph. Alright then, but you'd better explain later!
:'''Mamere:''' Yes. {{Traveler}}, Paimon, what do you think of this painting? Um, well, please feel free to critique it...
:'''Mamere:''' I didn't have much time, and I wasn't my best self, so I'm not very confident about it...
:'''Mamere:''' Ah, that feels like an excuse! I've got to stop doing that!
:'''Mamere:''' So... What do you think...?
:{{DIcon}} I absolutely love it.
::'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Which part of it do you like? Paimon can't understand it at all...
:{{DIcon}} It's even cooler than the real Paimon...
::'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What? Paimon doesn't get the painting at all...
:{{DIcon}} Hmm...
::'''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon's not great with words. But... Um...
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}} sure looks like {{MC|m=he|f=she}} loves it! Look, {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s practically speechless!
::'''Mamere:''' ...What? Really?
::'''Paimon:''' Of course. Paimon's been {{Traveler}}'s travel companion for a long, long time. We've got a real "tacit understanding" thing going on, y'know!
:'''Mamere:''' That's... wonderful.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know what to say about your art other than "it looks amazing"... Huh. Is this what they'd call an "artistic baptism of fire"?
:'''Mamere:''' Well, I'm glad you like it either way. As long as you do, I'm happy.
:'''Mamere:''' I'm not a very good speaker, unlike you, Paimon. But when I'm with you, I'm very happy. That's why I want to give you something that makes you happy, too...
:'''Seymour:''' Preliminary memory fragment sorting is complete.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! You're back, Seymour!
:'''Seymour:''' I may now answer previously unanswerable questions as well.
:'''Mamere:''' "Previously unanswerable"... Which questions were those?
:'''Seymour:''' The one about my "master" that Ms. Paimon asked, as well as my aforementioned "purpose."
:'''Seymour:''' I am Prototype 4ACV07, designed by *garbled mechanical noises* to accompany and protect my master, Ms. Mary-Ann.
; (If the player met [[Mary-Ann]] during [[Mary-Ann's Story]])
::{{DIcon}} Mary-Ann...
::'''Paimon:''' Huh. Paimon's sure she's heard that name somewhere...
; (If the player has not met Mary-Ann)
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Mary-Ann? That Jakob guy mentioned that name as well, didn't he?
:'''Seymour:''' Affirmative. Ms. Mary-Ann was my master, and my prime directive was to accompany her on *garbled mechanical noises* behalf and ensure that she would smile happily.
:'''Seymour:''' I have not been able to fulfill that duty for {{tt|(1/7)×10^21|142,857,142,857,142,857,142.85714285714}} clockwork cycles due to the lack of a relay module.
:'''Seymour:''' In truth, I cannot ascertain Ms. Mary-Ann's present location, either. This should never happen. My logic unit requires immediate repair.
:'''Seymour:''' As such, if you do not mind, allow me to depart for now. My standard deduction module has already calculated the most likely location where I may collect information, and I must go there.
:'''Mamere:''' Eh? Wait, Seymour. Are you leaving...?
:'''Seymour:''' Affirmative. I thank you for your care thus far, Ms. Mamere, but I have a duty that I must fulfill.
:'''Mamere:''' Th&mdash;Then I'll come too...
:'''Seymour:''' Negative. Deduced danger level: High. For your safety, I must refuse your proposal, Ms. Mamere.
:'''Seymour:''' But I will promise to return and express formal gratitude to you once I find my master.
:'''Seymour:''' Unfortunately, some of my memories remain damaged, so I do not presently know where [[the Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] that I must reach is, precisely.
:'''Seymour:''' As such, my search will inevitably take a great deal of time. For that, you have my apologies in advance.
:'''Mamere:''' I see... I understand.
:'''Mamere:''' There's something you must do, and so you have to leave. But you'll come back to find me, won't you, Seymour?
:'''Seymour:''' Affirmative.
:'''Mamere:''' Alright, then. Be careful, Seymour...
:'''Mamere:''' You have to come back, alright. My token, the symbol of my life, is with you, so don't go breaking down someplace where I can't find you...
:'''Seymour:''' You have my word, Ms. Mamere. I will fulfill my mission and return to your spatial coordinates.
:'''Mamere:''' O&mdash;Okay, got it, got it! A&mdash;Anyway, I've suddenly got a bout of inspiration, so I'm going to go paint now. Don't forget to come back and see me when you've finished your work, okay?
:{{DIcon}} You have a deal.
::{{DIcon}} We'll take care of Seymour for you for now.
:'''Mamere:''' Alright, I understand! {{Traveler}}, Paimon, Seymour, you all stay safe, alright?
:'''Mamere:''' I'll... make a move first...
:'''Paimon:''' Mamere...
:'''Paimon:''' So, uh, where are we going next? Seymour mentioned this place called the Narzissenkreuz Ordo, right?
;(If the player has interacted with the book in the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]])
::{{DIcon}} I think I know where to find the place...
::'''Seymour:''' ...?
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon thinks we've already been there... The way in is pretty mysterious, though. Paimon wonders if you'll be able to get in there...
::'''Paimon:''' But let's just go anyway! Once everything's settled, we'll bring you back to see Mamere!
;(If the player hasn't interacted with the book in the Institute of Natural Philosophy)
::{{DIcon}} The Narzissenkreuz Ordo?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh... What sorta place is the Narzissenkreuz Ordo, anyway?
::'''Seymour:''' Searching... Insufficient data. Unable to answer.
::'''Seymour:''' My standard deduction module was only able to give this name. Apart from that, I do not possess any related information.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, then how are we supposed to find the place!?
::{{DIcon}} We can help.
::'''Seymour:''' Calculating... Affirmative. Your presence on the journey will greatly increase its success rate.
::'''Seymour:''' Thank you very much for your help, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}.
::'''Paimon:''' But let's just go anyway! Once everything's settled, we'll bring you back to see Mamere!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The "arrays in those ruins" that "temporarily opened the way into the realm of beasts" when Jakob activated them to reverse the crystallization may refer to the [[Beastly Rift]]s that can be seen around Elynas. A similar formation can also be seen near the [[Canotila and the Book of Revealing|Book of Revealing]], which Jakob was affiliated with.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/kvoRT9loFpQ
|caption1 = Guide: Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog
|zhs     = 画、梦境和机器狗
|zhs_rm  = Huà, Mèngjìng hé Jīqì-gǒu
|zht     = 畫、夢境和機器狗
|zht_rm  = Huà, Mèngjìng hé Jīqì-gǒu
|zh_tl   = Painting, Dreamscape, and Mechanical Dog
|ja      = カイガ、ユメ＆ロボット犬
|ja_rm   = Kaiga, Yume & Robotto Inu
|ja_tl   = Painting, Dream & Robot Dog
|ja_note = Somewhat unusually, the words {{ja|絵画|kaiga|painting}} and {{ja|夢|yume|dream}} are written in ''{{w|katakana}}''.
|ko      = 그림과 꿈, 그리고 기계 개
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Pinturas, ensoñaciones y perros mecánicos
|es_tl   = Paintings, Daydreams and Robotic Dogs
|fr      = Peintures, rêves et chiens mécaniques
|fr_tl   = Paintings, Dreams, and Mechanical Dogs
|ru      = Картины. Мечты. Механический пёс
|ru_tl   = Paintings. Dreams. Mechanical Dog
|th      = ภาพ ห้วงฝัน และหมาจักรกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tranh, Giấc Mơ Và Chú Chó Máy Móc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Von Gemälden, Träumern und einem Roboterhund
|de_tl   = Of Paintings, Dreamers, and a Robot Dog
|id      = Lukisan, Mimpi, dan Anjing Mesin
|id_tl   = Painting, Dream, and Mechanical Dog
|pt      = Pinturas, Sonhos e Cachorros Mecânicos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ressam, Hayalperest ve Robot Köpek
|tr_tl   = Painter, Daydreamer, and Robot Dog
|it      = Pittore, sognatore e robocane
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}