{{Event
|name              = Lineup Simulator Now Available, Participate in the Event to Win Surprise Rewards
|image             = Lineup Simulator Now Available, Participate in the Event to Win Surprise Rewards.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-10-27 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-11-03 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/13134535
}}
{{Description|1=Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />To make it easier for Travelers to share their team-building experience, a new tool in HoYoLAB called "Lineup Simulator" is now available!<br />Click <nowiki>[</nowiki>[https://act.hoyolab.com/ys/event/bbs-lineup-ys-sea/index.html?bbs_presentation_style=fullscreen&utm_source=hoyolab&utm_medium=event#/m/home/rec here]<nowiki>]</nowiki> to share your party lineup and get a chance to win awesome merchandise rewards prepared by me!}}
'''Lineup Simulator Now Available, Participate in the Event to Win Surprise Rewards''' is an [[Event]] in [[Version 3.1]].

==Event Duration==
October 27, 2022 – November 3, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results Announcement: November 14, 2022

==How to Participate==
Go to Tools > Lineup Simulator ([https://act.hoyolab.com/ys/event/bbs-lineup-ys-sea/index.html?bbs_presentation_style=fullscreen&utm_source=hoyolab&utm_medium=event#/m/home/rec >> Link <<]) to publish your party lineup, and your participation will have been deemed successful.<br />
Tip: To see more details on how to use the Lineup Simulator, please click <nowiki>[</nowiki>[https://www.hoyolab.com/article_pre/9118 here]<nowiki>]</nowiki>.

==Event Rewards==
I will randomly select 20 Travelers who shared great party lineups to gift them each a set of Genshin Impact Chibi Emoji Badges.

==Notes==
# You must reach Adventure Rank 55 or above to publish your lineup using the "Lineup Simulator."
# Users must follow HoYoLAB community rules when posting, otherwise they will not be eligible to win.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one merchandise prize during the event.
# No plagiarism or appropriation of others' work is allowed. Publishing content unrelated to the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters is forbidden.
# The list of winners will be announced in this event post. Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[pt-br:"Simulador de Formação"]]