{{Book Infobox
|image       = Book_Linling_Anthology.png
|type        = Quest Items
|quality     = 0
|region_lore = Liyue
|region_location = Liyue
|description = A collection of poetry that Linling published at her own expense. It is her first publication, and she is very proud of it.
|source1     = [[So-Called Work]] quest reward
}}
'''Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained after the completion of the {{Quest|So-Called Work}}.

==Kitty==
Cats are good, cats are great. Cats love to meow and scratch their heads.<br>
From the two bright eyes they use to see, hateful pests can never flee!

==Manager Xiao==
The shipyard overseer goes for a doze, his sleep so deep with a great big snore.<br>
From far, you'd think the [[Morax|Geo Lord]] had stomach woes, but up close he sounds like a large wild boar.

==Ocean-gazing==
As I feast my eyes upon the sea, to azure water my heart is drawn.<br>
The oars of yon ships appear unto me like the many limbs of a gigantic prawn.

==Ocean-gazing Yet Again==
Day after day, I gaze and I gaze till my eyes are weary and my heart is numb.<br>
Year upon year, I write and recite, but I am to my poems an audience of one.<br>
Time after time, ships will set sail like brave little river fish bound for the sea.<br>
Sooner or later, the tides they will turn and drown out the ones who dismiss poetry.

==The Streets by Night==
A delightful sight is the star-like light from the lamps on the street with the myriad eats.<br>
But alas, no respite from that poor little tyke named [[Changchang]], whose weeping is hardly discreet.

==Mt. Tianheng==
Tianheng is big, Tianheng is tall, Tianheng is huge like a great city wall.<br>
Too strong for monsters, bandits, and all. What a great big huge tall strong city wall!

==Spring by the Harbor==
These [[Silk Flower|silken flora]] that blossom in spring, their flowers seem woven of some thread within...<br>
It feels like it's silk, but it has a faint smell &mdash; could it be both silk and a flower as well?

==An Ode to Chop Suey==
My [[Zhongyuan Chop Suey]] is going to waste, there's far more salt in here than I care to taste.<br>
Just one mouthful in and I'm gasping for breath. "Why is this so salty?" I gently protest.<br>
"That's just how we make it," declares [[Su Er'niang]], "For the few that can't take it, there's plenty who can!"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
|zhs     = 霖铃精选诗集
|zhs_rm  = Línlíng Jīngxuǎn Shījí
|zht     = 霖鈴精選詩集
|zht_rm  = Línlíng Jīngxuǎn Shījí
|zh_tl   = Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
|ja      = 霖鈴精選詩集
|ja_rm   = Rinrei Seisen Shishuu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
|ko      = 임령 정선 시집
|ko_rm   = Imryeong Jeongseon Sijip
|ko_tl   = Linling's Selected Anthology
|es      = Selección poética de Linling
|es_tl   = Linling's Poetry Selection
|fr      = Compilation de poèmes de Linling
|fr_tl   = Linling's Compilation of Poems
|ru      = Сборник избранных стихов Линь Лин
|ru_tl   = Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
|th      = ชุดบทกวีที่ Linling คัดสรร
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Linling's Selected Poem Set
|vi      = Tuyển Tập Thơ Linling
|vi_tl   = Linling's Poetry Anthology
|de      = Linlings gesammelte Werke
|de_tl   = Linling's Collected Works
|id      = Antologi Puisi Pilihan Linling
|id_tl   = Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
|pt      = Seleção de Poemas de Linling
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Linling'in Şiir Seçkisi
|tr_tl   = Linling's Poetry Selection
|it      = Antologia di poesie selezionate di Linling
|it_tl   = Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Selección poética de Linling]]
[[fr:Compilation de poèmes de Linling]]
[[pt-br:Seleção de Poemas de Linling]]
[[ru:Сборник избранных стихов Лин Линь]]
[[uk:Вибрані вірші Ліньлін]]