{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10112
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Carmen Dei Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land
|character     = Venti
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Dadaupa Gorge]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Dadaupa Gorge
|prev          = The South Wind Brings Adventure
|next          = Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land (Quest)
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Jack;Paimon;Stanley;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Lionfang's Legacy''' is the third part of [[Venti]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Carmen Dei Chapter]]: Act I - [[Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land]].

==Steps==
#Search for the Sword of Brilliant Valor
#*Look inside the house on the west side of the village
#Defeat the hilichurls conducting a ritual
#Retrieve the Sword of Brilliant Valor
#Seek the Shield of Magnificent Honor
#*Look at the center of the area marked, slightly towards the north
#Cut a deal with the hilichurl
##Choose the 3rd option ("Vin plata dada!")
##Choose the 1st option ("Please take this sweet flower I picked.")
##Choose the 1st option ("Venti sing song, you give shield, okay?")
#Defeat the attacking hilichurl <small>(only if negotiations fail)</small>

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Jack]] wants to search for [[Stanley]]'s old weapons in secret, as they are the sword and shield passed down from the Lion of the South, and thus fascinate Jack greatly.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Arriving at the Sword of Brilliant Valor's location)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, that bunch of hilichurls... are they holding some kind of ceremony?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And what's with that pile of knickknacks? Are they worshipping them?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Seems so! That must be the {{Color|buzzword|Sword of Brilliant Valor}} surely.

;(After defeating the hilichurls and retrieving the sword)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Eh-he. Lo and behold, the {{Color|buzzword|Sword of Brilliant Valor}}!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure? Looks kinda basic to Paimon, and a little worse for wear too!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why would hilichurls be bowing down before a piece of junk like this?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' (Ahh... Seems somebody tossed an old sword into a pile of spoils these hilichurls were already celebrating...)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' This is in terrible shape! And it's so basic, I... I'm at a loss for words.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... say, Jack, have you ever seen an Anemo Crystalfly? They're found in the open country around Mondstadt City.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If you saw one in broad daylight, you wouldn't bat an eyelid. But in the pitch blackness of night? Its brilliant glow is mesmerizing &mdash; it truly resembles an exquisite crystal dancing in the night air.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Is valor not the same? When everything is going your way, it seems meaningless &mdash; fades into the background. But when you're in dire straits, valor is the thing that gets you fired up and fighting back. It's the brilliant ray of light that guides you out from the darkness.
:{{DIcon}} That was some very elaborate ox dung.
:{{DIcon}} Excellent recovery.
:{{DIcon}} Almost fell for it myself!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 jack 02.ogg}} '''Jack:''' You're right... you're right! Then this has to be it &mdash; this is the Sword of Brilliant Valor!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Mm-hmm. So we got our sword, now we just need that shield!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Let's scout around! It's definitely in {{Color|buzzword|Dadaupa Gorge}} some&mdash; huh?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's somebody there!
:;(You spot Stanley eavesdropping nearby before he runs away)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Stanley? What's he doing here?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's acting so weird...
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 jack 03.ogg}} '''Jack:''' What happened? Why did you stop all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh? Oh, ah, it's nothing. Just one of those [[Mora Weasel|Mora-spouting weasel thieves]] passed by is all.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 jack 04.ogg}} '''Jack:''' What? Where? I wanna see!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 4 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Maybe another time. We have a shield to find, remember?
----
;(Arriving to the Shield of Magnificent Honor's location)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Lo and behold, the {{Color|buzzword|Shield of Magnificent Honor}}!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Liar, liar, pants on fire! It's a chunk of wood!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A chunk of scrap wood with a handle attached... Who in their right mind would use this as a shield!?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' There's also wine stains on it... Yeah, I'm pretty sure this was just taken from a wine barrel...
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And yet, my bard's intuition tells me that this is none other than the Shield of Magnificent Honor.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Warriors wear their battle scars with pride, and shields are no different.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Surely, an intact shield is one that has shied away from the battlefield. Is not the broken and splintered shield the one that has fought in countless wars and lived to tell the tale?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Though the soldier's body be tired and torn, still they fight till the very end, till they have no blood left to bleed. Such magnificent strength of will... is that not the true meaning of honor?
:{{DIcon}} I agree with Venti!
:{{DIcon}} I agree, this is the shield.
:{{DIcon}} Venti is in top form today.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You do have a point... Shiny new shields don't stay new and shiny for long...
:{{A|vo wdlq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then... Well, maybe if we ask nicely, he'll just let us take the Shield of Magnificent Honor for free?
:;(You approach the hilichurl)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *clears throat* Excuse me, Mr. Hilichurl?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 01.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Dala?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Welp! Okay, you take it from here, (Traveler)! Hope you've picked up some Hilichurlian by now. If not, there's always body language...
:{{DIcon}} I'll pay good Mora for that shield.
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02b.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! <small>(-1 heart)</small>
:{{DIcon}} Please may I have that shield?
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02b.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! <small>(-1 heart)</small>
:{{DIcon}} Vin plata dada!
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02a.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Mosi mita! <small>(+1 heart)</small>

;(If Friendship goes up)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems {{Color|buzzword|cheerful}} enough. Maybe negotiations will work after all...

;(If Friendship goes down)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh... He did not seem to appreciate that.
:{{DIcon}} Please take this flower I picked.
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02a.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Mosi mita! <small>(+1 heart)</small>
:{{DIcon}} Please take this hilichurl mask I stole.
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02b.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! <small>(-1 heart)</small>
:{{DIcon}} Kucha pupu gusha ye!
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02b.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! <small>(-1 heart)</small>

;(If Friendship goes up)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems {{Color|buzzword|cheerful}} enough. Maybe negotiations will work after all...

;(If Friendship goes down)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh... He did not seem to appreciate that.
::{{DIcon}} Venti sing song, you give shield, okay?
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm? Well, if you insist, a tune I shall strum...
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02a.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Mosi mita! <small>(+1 heart)</small>
::{{DIcon}} Mani nini Biaodomu.
::{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02b.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! <small>(-1 heart)</small>

;(If Friendship goes up)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems {{Color|buzzword|cheerful}} enough. Maybe negotiations will work after all...

;(If Friendship goes down)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh... He did not seem to appreciate that.

;(If negotiations end with at least 3.5 hearts of Friendship)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02c.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Muhe vin plata? Mani ye! Mani dada!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! He actually gave us the shield!

;(If negotiations end with 1.5 hearts of Friendship or less)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 hilichurls 02d.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Yaya ika! Kundala ye plata!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 6 paimon 03d.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! We ticked him off, big time!
:;(A battle ensues)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 8 hilichurls 01.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Biadam!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 8 hilichurls 02.ogg}} '''Hilichurl:''' Yaya ika! Mani ye!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, he dropped the {{Color|buzzword|Shield of Magnificent Honor}} and ran!

----
;(After retrieving both the sword and the shield)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Guys, thank you so much! I can't believe I actually found them!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 jack 02.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Mom! Dad! Check out the legendary weapons I found!
:;(Jack runs back to Mondstadt)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hey, wait!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The wine, you promised! Ugh, and I actually helped a lot this time&mdash;
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm? What're you doing here, Stanley? Out for a stroll?
:;(Stanley comes out from his hiding place)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 stanley 01.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Ah... haha, ah&mdash; hey!... What're you doing here, bard! Fancy that, huh? You, uh... out for a stroll too?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's right, an after-dinner stroll to be precise. We were also helping a friend look for something.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Paimon's starting to think Stanley might be a fraud...)
:{{DIcon}} (I'm seriously starting to think so, too.)
:{{DIcon}} (He's definitely a fraud. No question.)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Did Stanley plant the sword and shield here in advance so as to not hurt Jack's feelings?)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Adventurers must be pretty familiar with Dadaupa Gorge? You've fought battles here before, after all.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 stanley 02.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' You'd better believe it! I could navigate this whole area with my eyes closed!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wow. Then I admire your perseverance, and your memory too.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 stanley 03.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' It's only to be expected of a great adventurer like me! You guys had better watch out though. This place is crawling with hilichurls!
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 stanley 04.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' I, ah&mdash; I'll get back to my, um... ah... stroll now. Goodbye.
:;(Stanley walks off)
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guilty conscience, huh?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, he shouldn't have gotten so carried away bragging to Jack, should he?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Although... on further reflection, I must say I'm intrigued.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Someone who can't let go of the past, and gives up on the present instead...
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I wonder... if such a person was forced to take their first step towards the future, which way would they go?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you talking about?
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I'm just musing to myself.
:{{A|vo wdlq003 9 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anyway, (Traveler), I propose we take a trip to {{Color|buzzword|Angel's Share}} tonight.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Translation notes==
Based on current understanding of [[Hilichurlian]] the interaction with the hilichurl can be translated thusly (the meaning of ''Biadam'', while unknown, is probably rude):

{{Dialogue start}}
:;(You approach the hilichurl)
:'''Paimon:''' *clears throat* Excuse me, Mr. Hilichurl?
:'''Hilichurl:''' Dala? ''[What?]''
:'''Paimon:''' Welp! Okay, you take it from here, (Traveler)! Hope you've picked up some Hilichurlian by now. If not, there's always body language...
:{{DIcon}} I'll pay good Mora for that shield.
::'''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! <small>(-1 heart)</small>
:{{DIcon}} Please may I have that shield?
::'''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! <small>(-1 heart)</small>
:{{DIcon}} Vin plata dada! ''[Wine shield good!]''
::'''Hilichurl:''' Mosi mita! <small>(+1 heart)</small> ''[Eat meat!] (literal, expression of approval)''

;(Selected conversation options and responses)
:{{DIcon}} Kucha pupu gusha ye! ''[you eat grass and vegatables] (insult)''
::'''Hilichurl:''' Biadam! ''(Bad!)''
...
:{{DIcon}} Mani nini Biaodomu. ''(unknown meaning, most likely "Anemo curses you" with "Biaodomu" is mispronounced "Biadam")''
...

;(If negotiations end with at least 3.5 hearts of Friendship)
:'''Hilichurl:''' Muhe vin plata? Mani ye! Mani dada! ''[You want shield? Give you! Give good!]''
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! He actually gave us the shield!

;(If negotiations end with 1.5 hearts of Friendship or less)
:'''Hilichurl:''' Yaya ika! Kundala ye plata! ''[humans enemy! Enemy/fight for your shield!]''
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no! We ticked him off, big time!
:;(A battle ensues)
:'''Hilichurl:''' Biadam!
:'''Hilichurl:''' Yaya ika! Mani ye! ''[human enemies! you have it!]''
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, he dropped the {{Color|buzzword|Shield of Magnificent Honor}} and ran!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lionfang's Legacy
|zhs     = 狮牙之牙
|zhs_rm  = Shīyá zhī Yá
|zht     = 獅牙之牙
|zht_rm  = Shīyá zhī Yá
|zh_tl   = Fang of the Lionfang
|ja      = 獅牙の牙
|ja_rm   = Shiga no Kiba
|ja_tl   = Fang of the Lionfang
|ko      = 사자 이빨 중의 이빨
|ko_rm   = Saja Ippal Jung-ui Ippal
|ko_tl   = Tooth of Lion Teeth
|es      = Los dientes del león
|es_tl   = Lion's Teeth
|fr      = Les crocs du lion
|fr_tl   = The Fangs of the Lion
|ru      = Львиный клык
|ru_tl   = Lion Fang
|th      = เขี้ยวเล็บแห่งราชสีห์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nanh Sư Tử
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zahn des Löwen
|de_tl   = Lion's Tooth
|id      = Fangs of the Lion
|pt      = Caninos do Leão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Aslandiş'in Mirası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'eredità della Zanna di leone
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Los dientes del león]]