{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Liriwu.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Deceased prior to events of the game
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Masters of the Night-Wind
|title            = Spiritcaller

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Liriwu''' is a historical character from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] in [[Natlan]]. 

She accompanied the [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team]] on their quest to reach the [[Tonatiuh]] around the time of the [[Cataclysm]]. She was the only one to return alive.<ref name="Dial">{{Ref/Arti|Mystic's Gold Dial}}</ref>

==Profile==
Liriwu was a mystic who apprenticed under "the apprentice of the apprentice of Grand Master [[Sanhaj]]." It is implied that she was quite skilled.<ref name="Spiritcaller 1">Interactable: [[Vucub Caquix Tower#Spiritcaller's Notes (I)|Spiritcaller's Notes (I)]]</ref> 

Her role in the [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team]] was to "rescue her allies" &mdash; to bring their souls back from the [[Night Kingdom]].<ref name="Dial" /> When she joined, she was by far the youngest member (she referred to everyone else as "Uncle"), not to mention the only member who wasn't a "battle-hardened veteran." Though her intentions were good, her companions worried from the start that she wouldn't be able to handle the journey.<ref name="Ranger">Interactable: [[Vucub Caquix Tower#Mountain Ranger's Notes|Mountain Ranger's Notes]]</ref> Their concerns were founded; she was particularly disturbed by the mangled souls she saw in some creatures, likely [[Tenebrous Mimiflora]].<ref name="Spiritcaller 2">Interactable: [[Cradle of Fleeting Dreams#Spiritcal ler's Notes (II)|Spiritcaller's Notes (II)]]</ref>

Before boarding the Tonatiuh, [[Titu]] saw Liriwu trying to sneak away and helped her hide away in a safe tower.<ref name="Moment">{{Ref/Quest|Moment of Awakening}}</ref> By the time she made it back to their encampment, all she found were their broken corpses. She felt a deep sense of shame and guilt for failing her teammates, but forced herself to make the journey back to the tribes in order to bring their stories back to their families.<ref name="Dial" />

Liriwu would later become "Aunt Liriwu" to [[Taika]]'s daughter [[Bona]], whom he never got to meet. She advised Bona not to "take on the regrets of generations past," but Bona would go on to pursue the Tonatiuh nonetheless.<ref name="Bona's Notes">{{Ref/Item|A Nameless Adventurer's Notes}}</ref>

===Appearance===
She has been described as "a beautiful little mystic."<ref name="Dial" />

==Story==
''(To be added.)''

==Trivia==
* She was the owner of the "[[Mystic's Gold Dial]]" in the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City artifact set.
<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Liriwu
|zhs      = 莉莉乌
|zhs_rm   = Lìlìwū
|zht      = 莉莉烏
|zht_rm   = Lìlìwū
|ja       = リリム
|ko       = 리리우
|es       = Liriwu
|fr       = Liriwu
|ru       = Лириву
|th       = Liriwu
|vi       = Liriwu
|de       = Liriwu
|id       = Liriwu
|pt       = Liriwu
|tr       = Liriwu
|it       = Liriwu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}