{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Lisa
|id             = 368105
|image          = Character Lisa Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Lisa''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Afternoon Tea...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Potions...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Maybe I'll read a while...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Time for a nap...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} So sleepy...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} When did you arrive?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hey, cutie~
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo lisa mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh, when did you arrive, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo lisa mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I was completely lost in thought.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Aw, you're concerned for my well-being. Well, aren't you just the sweetest?
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You really know how to make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Don't you worry, I love it here.
::{{DIcon}} Is there any part you would want to renovate?
::{{DIcon}} Do you have any suggestions on how to improve the place?
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Not at all.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I think what makes this place so special is the fact that it was built personally by you.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If I were to start nitpicking, it would only ruin your creativity and the unique charm you bring to the place.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I certainly wouldn't want that to happen.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' When would I ever not?
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If it weren't for my library work and potion-making duties, I'd love nothing more than to spend every day chatting with you like this.
::{{DIcon}} Have there been many people borrowing books recently?
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The number of people borrowing books is around the same as always. But lately, more people seem to be returning them on time than ever before.
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It seems that the citizens of the "City of Freedom" have become more conscious of time. Frankly, I'm quite relieved.
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Of course, I can't expect everyone to be as sensible as you, cutie.
:::{{DIcon}} Lisa, you're making me blush again...
::{{DIcon}} Made any special potions recently?
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Special potions? Hmm...
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh! As a matter of fact, I concocted one that makes textiles softer to the touch.
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And another that keeps the air fragrant and fresh. I'm quite fond of that one.
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03b 4.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' They weren't requested by the Knights of Favonius, though. I just made them out of personal interest.
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 03b 5.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmm... Is it just me, or have my interests become more domestic in nature since I met you...?
:::{{DIcon}} Lisa, you're making me blush again...
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Haha...
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You look so adorable with a little more red in your cheeks, (Traveler).
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I'd quite like to invite you to afternoon tea.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I can offer you Sunsettia or Rose Bud Tea... And as for snacks, what kind of cake do you like?
::{{DIcon}} Are you going to bake it yourself?
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 03a.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Haha, you guessed correctly.
::{{DIcon}} I'm fine with anything.
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Ah, you're so easygoing. It's so relaxing spending time with you.
:::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But for once, I do want to take the trouble to make something nice.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' There is nothing I can't create if I put my mind to it.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It's just that...
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Most of the time, I don't find these sort of things to be worth all the extra effort.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But you are special to me. I don't think about energy spent if it's for you.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmm, perhaps instead of asking for your preferences...
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' ...I should let it be a surprise instead.
::{{DIcon}} Your kind offer alone was the most delightful surprise I could hope for.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh my! Remind me not to add too much sugar, because you, cutie, are sweet enough already.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Seriously, though, I need to start getting prepared...
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' We can't have you underestimating me.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Lisa.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Morning, cutie.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I'm sure you're keeping on top of everything that needs doing.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But if you find yourself struggling at any point, you know I'm always available to lend a hand.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Lisa.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Have a good night, cutie.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' *yawn* I'm so sleepy. I'm a little envious of the way you manage to stay so energetic even at this hour.
::{{A|vo lisa mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Be sure to get enough sleep...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Amidst Poetic Pondering===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md lisa study 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You have good taste in literature.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md lisa study 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Large bookshelves and a fireplace... This would be a most comfy place to put my feet up.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md lisa study 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I must reward you well for making this place so cozy.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Secret Research Lab===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md lisa alchemy 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh? A place suited for quiet research, I see.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md lisa alchemy 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Not only are reference materials readily available, but you can initiate experiments at any time as well. This is truly a mage's ideal workshop.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md lisa alchemy 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You really are a cutie after my own heart.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Lisa/Compagnia]]
[[ja:リサ/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Лиза/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Lisa/Konaklama]]