{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 4
|region  = Liyue
|passive = Lithic Axiom - Unity
|naming  = Weapon name: Lithic ''weapon''
|lore    = Old [[Millelith]] weapons
|other   = Main attribute: ATK
}}
The '''Lithic Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]], themed after the [[Millelith]].

The shared ability bonus of this series is '''Lithic Axiom - Unity'''.
{{Description|For every characters in the party who hails from Liyue, the characters who equips this weapon gains '''7–11'''% ATK increase and a '''3–7'''% CRIT Rate increase. This effect stacks up to 4 times. }}

Additionally all weapons of this series also share the same '''main attribute,''' ATK, but with different values.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Lithic Series}}

==Lore==
Heavy and large weapons of the Millelith from back when it was first founded. The weapon passive is based on the Millelith's axiom to defend Liyue.

When Liyue Harbor was completed, the followers of Rex Lapis founded the Millelith organization.<ref name="Lithic Blade">{{Ref/Weapon|Lithic Blade}}</ref><br />
In ancient times, the Millelith would conduct themselves in Rex Lapis' name according to this axiom: "While rock stays hard, the mountain shall never fail; while the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail."

During that time, the Millelith would slay monsters, subdue demons and protect the citizenry, roads and countryside. However, nowadays the Millelith are just tasked with maintaining order.

Xing and Han were the two first Millelith to carve swords out of stone, and while all of the past Millelith were able to wield these heavy Lithic weapons, not many of the modern day Millelith can even pick up these heavy weapons. However, this is mostly due to the land of Liyue being at peace.<ref name="Lithic Blade"/>

At some point in the past the land was plagued by earthquakes and Lithic spears were given out to those of particularly strong stature to use as shovels to rescue the injured from cave-ins and landslides.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Lithic Spear}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* Since these weapons were used by the early Millelith when Liyue Harbor was founded, these weapons are roughly 3700 years old.
* Han Wu, one of the creators of the Prototype weapons, may be a distant descendant of the Han that carved one of the first Lithic Blades. Though that's a difference of about 3200 years, so this may be a stretch.
* The mention of a time of the land being plagued by earthquakes is likely referring to slightly under 500 years ago, during the time the Prototype and Blackcliff weapons were being made.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Lítica]]
[[ja:千岩シリーズ]]