{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_context  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Little Nine.png
|region           = Liyue
}}
'''Little Nine''' is an [[NPC]] in [[Wuwang Hill]], [[Liyue]]. She gives the [[World Quest]] ''[[Book in the Woods]]''.

==Profile==
Little Nine used to be [[Chang the Ninth]]'s neighbor in [[Qingce Village]]. Growing up, she would pester Chang the Ninth &mdash; who she nicknamed Big Nine &mdash; to read her his stories.<ref name="FOTS">{{Ref/Quest|For Old Time's Sake}}</ref>  She was so immersed in the story that was written specifically for her that she lost track of him and eventually fell into the river, with the book tight in her arms.<ref name="BitW">{{Ref/Quest|Book in the Woods}}</ref>

The river was so cold that it froze her hands stiff. After climbing out of the river bank, she put the book somewhere to dry and "fell asleep."<ref name="BitW" /> She awoke to the book missing, ultimately implying that she died. Chang the Ninth also claims she abruptly disappeared,<ref name="FOTS" /> and while Chang the Ninth has aged, Little Nine still has her youthful appearance.

In the world quest "Book in the Woods," she asks the [[Traveler]] to help her find the book. Once the Traveler and [[Paimon]] return, she is nowhere to be found.

===Personality===
Little Nine is a bubbly and considerate girl, and cares deeply about Chang the Ninth and his books. She even believes that they'd be a "perfect match," since they're both ninth in their families.

===Appearance===
Little Nine is a little girl with a singular black braid and black eyes. Her hair is parted to her right side of her face, and on the left she wears a pink flower. She wears a qipao with varying shades of teal, white, and minimal gold. Her shoes are pumps that match the dark turquoise linings of her qipao.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Little Nine
|zhs     = 小九九
|zhs_rm  = Xiǎo Jiǔjiǔ
|zht     = 小九九
|zht_rm  = Xiǎo Jiǔjiǔ
|ja      = 九
|ja_rm   = Kyuu
|ko      = 구구
|ko_rm   = Gugu
|es      = Nona
|fr      = Petite Neuf
|ru      = Девяточка
|th      = น้องเก้า
|th_rm   = Nong Kao
|vi      = Bé Cửu
|de      = Kleine Neun
|id      = Little Nine
|pt      = Pequena Nove
|tr      = Küçük Dokuz
|it      = Piccola Nove
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Nona]]