{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11000
|image         = Story Quest Xiangling A1 Little Chef on a Hunt.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trulla Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip
|character     = Xiangling
|description   = On a clear and sunny day, you go for a walk to [[Springvale]] with [[Paimon]].
|requirement   = Complete [[Knights of Favonius (Quest)]] and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 13
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Cooking Appointment
|exp           = 175
|mora          = 6,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|3}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Allan;Paimon;Traveler;Xiangling
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Little Chef on a Hunt''' is the first part of [[Xiangling]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Trulla Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip]].

==Steps==
#Meet the girl in the forest
#Talk to the girl
#Help [[Xiangling]] collect Raw Meat
#Give three chunks of [[Raw Meat]] to Xiangling

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(While you're going for a walk with [[Paimon]], a girl pulls you down and gestures you to be quiet, then points towards a group of boars and drools)
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Shh! Keep it down, I'm hunting...
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I've always heard about the wide range of ingredients you can find in [[Mondstadt]], and it looks like it's true!
:{{DIcon}} Are you a hunter?
:{{DIcon}} Are you an adventurer?
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''???:''' No &mdash; I'm a chef! A chef on a mission to find rare and exotic ingredients from all corners of the world!
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' My name's Xiangling, I'm from [[Liyue Harbor]]. And you?
:{{DIcon}} I'm (Traveler).
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, my name's Paimon!
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Paimon!
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you looking at me like that?
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' What an exotic creature, is it edible?
:{{DIcon}} We're friends.
::{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 07a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' What a bummer. Can't eat it if it's your friend.
:{{DIcon}} Dig in.
::{{A|vo xllq001 3 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! For the last time, Paimon is NOT EMERGENCY FOOD!
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' You seem like good friends. I have a good friend too, called [[Guoba]].
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't that the name of a [[Liyue]] snack?
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee... Both the snack and my friend have a special place in my heart.
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Anyway &mdash; can you do some hunting for me?
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 11.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' There's lots of game around here that would be amazing to cook with.
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 12.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I can't catch anything to save my life and I don't want to miss out!
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a bit of an ordeal...
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 13.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Don't be like that... C'mon, I'll whip you up a tasty snack later!
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, you had me at tasty snack! Don't worry, we're the bestest hunters ever!
:{{DIcon}} Whose side are you on!?
:{{DIcon}} You could always ask me first...
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 14.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, don't worry about it, your friend has already given me a response.
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 15.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I don't care how it's done, so long as you bring me back some raw meat.
:{{A|vo xllq001 3 xiangling 16.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Great, then I'll leave you to it!

----

;(Give three chunks of Raw Meat to Xiangling)
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Wowee! This is great! Some of it I'll shallow fry, some of it I'll deep fry with mushrooms– ooh, and I wonder how well it goes with slime condensate...
:{{DIcon}} She's off in her own world...
::{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks she's forgotten about us...
:{{DIcon}} I want to try slime condensate!
::{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay! (Traveler) has finally come around to my food preferences.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Uh, sorry! I got all excited thinking about new recipes.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' As promised, a tasty snack! Go on, try it! And tell me what you think.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we your food testers now?
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh gosh, this is... delicious!
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you tell us how to make it?
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, sure! The only things is I haven't written down the recipe yet, hmm...
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I got it! I'll make another one now so you can watch. I'm sure you'll pick it up straight away.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This seems pretty hard to make, it'll take more than that to learn how to make it. And we don't have a frying pan or any condiments.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Come on, it's simple!
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' We can fry on a slab of stone and cook using some boar fat. Build a stove from rocks, use dry grass for kindling, twigs for firewood...
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Sweet flowers will do for sugar. As for salt, I found a load of rock salt in a cave the other day, there's still plenty left.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like she's done this a million times before...
:{{DIcon}} I'm tired just listening to it!
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, I just can't help myself when there's a chance to try something new. But I can't exactly bring my whole kitchen with me every time I leave the house either.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Give me a second while I get everything ready.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 allan 01.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Hey! What do you think you're doing?
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 allan 02.ogg}} '''Allan:''' This is the boars' natural habitat, you can't hunt them here! You'll send them all running.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 allan 03.ogg}} '''Allan:''' We hunters know better than to kill the chicken to get at the egg.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 11.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Oh! I get it.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 12.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The freshest, best-quality meat comes from free-range boars that grow up in the environment nature intended for them! If they all ran off...
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 13.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' ...It would be a major blow to gastronomy– no, to all mankind!
:{{DIcon}} That's, uh, one way of understanding it.
:{{DIcon}} That's not even close to what he meant...
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 14.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I'm sorry. I got excited and didn't think of the impact we'd have.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 allan 04.ogg}} '''Allan:''' *sigh* You should apologize to [[Draff]].
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 allan 05.ogg}} '''Allan:''' As our leader, he always stresses the importance of respecting the rules of the hunt. I'm afraid he is very upset right now.
:{{DIcon}} What are we going to do?
:{{DIcon}} I think the hunter is right.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 15.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I made a mistake, and I should go and apologize.
:{{DIcon}} Let us come with you.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 xiangling 16.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, thanks guys. I'll cook up some more tasty snacks for you once this is over.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay. Don't worry, Paimon'll remember even if you forget.
:{{A|vo xllq001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Draff ought to be in [[Springvale]]. Let's go!
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Little Chef on a Hunt
|zhs     = 狩猎中的小厨师
|zhs_rm  = Shòuliè Zhōng de Xiǎo-Chúshī
|zht     = 狩獵中的小廚師
|zht_rm  = Shòuliè Zhōng de Xiǎo-Chúshī
|zh_tl   = Little Chef in the Middle of a Hunt
|ja      = 狩猟中の料理人
|ja_rm   = Shuryouchuu no Ryourinin
|ja_tl   = Cook in the Middle of the Hunt
|ko      = 사냥 중인 꼬마 요리사
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La pequeña chef se va de caza
|es_tl   = The Little Chef Goes to Hunt
|fr      = Petite cuisinière en chasse
|fr_tl   = Little Chef on Hunt
|ru      = Поварёнок на охоте
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = กุ๊กที่กำลังออกล่า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đầu Bếp Nhỏ Trong Mắt Thợ Săn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Köchin auf Jagd
|de_tl   = Cook on a Hunt
|id      = Perburuan Koki Kecil
|id_tl   = Little Chef's Hunt
|pt      = Pequeno Chefe em uma Caçada
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}