{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41341
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|characters    = Mengmeng; Paimon; Traveler; Yu
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''Little Lantern, Little Wish''''' is the ninth request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the fourth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Mengmeng]]
# Follow Mengmeng to meet [[Yu]]
# Hang [[Xiao Lantern]]
# Speak to Yu
# Help Yu clean the shop
# Find Yu and Mengmeng

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Mengmeng]] seems to be troubled by something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mengmeng)
:'''Mengmeng:''' Xiao Lanterns are soooo hard to make...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Mengmeng:''' Do you know how to make Xiao Lanterns? I keep trying but I can't do it...
:'''Mengmeng:''' Through the hole, then back around, and then... I drop it. Or it breaks.
:'''Mengmeng:''' I really wanted to make a Xiao Lantern for Yu...
:'''Mengmeng:''' Yu always has to look after the tea shop, so he never has any time to play or to make a lantern.
:'''Mengmeng:''' But I bet he still has a wish. So I wanna make a lantern for him...
:{{DIcon}} I can make one for you.
:{{DIcon}} I'll make one for him.
:'''Mengmeng:''' But, but... I wanted to be the one to make it for him...
:'''Mengmeng:''' And, and... I wanna know the secrets to making them so I can tell Yu, too.
:'''Mengmeng:''' Could you... teach me how to make them?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:'''Mengmeng:''' Yay!
:'''''You teach Mengmeng how to make a Xiao Lantern...'''''
:'''Mengmeng:''' So, so... Then the Xiao Lantern is ready, right?
:'''Mengmeng:''' Thanks! I'm gonna go make one for Yu now!
----
;(Follow Mengmeng to meet Yu)
:'''Yu:''' H&mdash;Hi... Sir or Madam, um, um... Please put your feet up, and please have some tea, and...
:{{DIcon}} We're here to give you a Xiao Lantern.
:'''Yu:''' ...Really?
:'''Mengmeng:''' Yu, the Xiao Lantern's for you.
:'''Yu:''' Mengmeng? Oh, did you make this...? Wow... thank you...
:'''Mengmeng:''' This nice {{MC|man|lady|mc=1}} taught me how to make them. Actually, it's one of my first, so I didn't do a great job... D&mdash;Do you like it...?
:'''Yu:''' Are you kidding? It's great, I love it! I was just starting to worry when I'd have the time to make one for myself...
:'''Yu:''' Thanks, Mengmeng. I'll find someone to hang it on my door in a bit.
:{{DIcon}} Hang it up? What for?
:{{DIcon}} Can't someone in your family help?
:'''Yu:''' Well, the thing is... My dad's not in great health, so he can't hang it up for me. And I'm too short, so I wouldn't be able to reach...
:'''Yu:''' So, if I wanna hang it on the door, I gotta ask someone around here if they can help...
:{{DIcon}} We can help.
:{{DIcon}} Let us help.
:'''Yu:''' Really? You sure you don't mind helping? ...That's great, thanks! Now I don't need to worry about who'd watch the shop if I went off looking for someone to help...

;(Talk to Mengmeng again)
:'''Mengmeng:''' Thank you so much.
;(Talk to Yu again)
:'''Yu:''' Thanks for your help...
----
;(Talk to Yu after hanging the lantern)
:'''Yu:''' This Xiao Lantern looks so pretty! Thanks so much, {{MC|Sir|Ma'am|mc=1}}!
:'''Mengmeng:''' Come on, Yu... Let's go and play. I know a great place with the prettiest flowers.
:'''Mengmeng:''' This nice {{MC|man|lady|mc=1}} taught me how to make Xiao Lanterns, and when we get there I can teach you, too. C'mon, wouldn't that be great?
:'''Yu:''' I, uh... I can't. I need to watch the shop. Even though there's no customers, I've gotta keep the place spick and span, just like my dad always says.
:'''Mengmeng:''' Okay, well... Scrap the Xiao Lanterns, how about we just go there, have a quick chat, then come back straight away? That way, it won't waste too much of your time.
:'''Yu:''' But...
:{{DIcon}} I can clean the shop for you.
:{{DIcon}} Leave the cleaning to me.
:'''Yu:''' ...Oh? Y&mdash;You sure? That, uh... That's asking a lot of you...
:'''Mengmeng:''' We'll be really quick, we'll just go straight there and come straight back. Promise it won't take too long!
:'''Mengmeng:''' Thanks soooo much!
----
;(After cleaning the shop)
:'''Paimon:''' We've cleaned the shop, but it seems they aren't back yet.
:'''Paimon:''' They're sensible kids, but Paimon still feels nervous about them playing all by themselves. Shall we go check on them?
----
;(Approach Yu and Mengmeng)
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like the two of them are still playing. Guess we don't have to worry.
:'''Paimon:''' But given the atmosphere... Maybe we shouldn't disturb them.
:{{DIcon}} I wanna eavesdrop on them...
:{{DIcon}} I'm gonna eavesdrop on them.
:'''Mengmeng:''' If we made a garland for your dad, do you think he'd get better quicker?
:'''Yu:''' I... I don't know...
:'''Mengmeng:''' I read in a book that if you stay happy, even if you get sick, you'll get better really quickly.
:'''Mengmeng:''' I think that you're so grown-up, the way you help your dad watch the shop every day... And I'm sure that must make make him very happy.
:'''Yu:''' But sometimes he tells me off... "Stop lounging around in the shop, go off and play"...
:'''Yu:''' "If you don't go and play with Mengmeng, she'll pick the whole neighborhood bare of flowers"...
:'''Mengmeng:''' That would never happen, there's soooo many flowers around here... Wait a second, I'll make a garland for you.
:'''''Mengmeng makes a garland for Yu...'''''
:'''Yu:''' Thanks, Mengmeng. I should be getting back.
:'''Mengmeng:''' Huh, okay... Well, once your dad's recovered, you'll have more time, right? Then I can come play with you again...
:'''Yu:''' Yep, I'm sure dad will make a quick recovery...
:'''Yu:''' What the...!? Wh&mdash;When did you get here?
:{{DIcon}} Only just arrived.
:{{DIcon}} I heard nothing.
:'''Yu:''' Uhh... Uhhhh... I&mdash;I...
:{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite.
:'''Mengmeng:''' Happy Lantern Rite to you, too!
:'''Yu:''' Ha&mdash;Happy Lantern Rite...
:'''Yu:''' Um, well, thanks for your help. Please take these as a thank-you. Dad says that you should always give people something in return for their help.
:'''Yu:''' Let's head back to the shop... Come on, Mengmeng.
:'''Mengmeng:''' Yep, let's head back. Thanks again!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Little Lantern, Little Wish
|zhs     = 小霄灯与小愿望
|zhs_rm  = Xiǎo xiāodēng yǔ xiǎo yuànwàng
|zht     = 小霄燈與小願望
|zht_rm  = Xiǎo xiāodēng yǔ xiǎo yuànwàng
|zh_tl   = Little Xiao-Lantern and Little Wish
|ja      = 小さな霄灯と小さな願い
|ja_rm   = Chiisana shoutou to chiisana negai
|ja_tl   = Little Xiao-Lantern and Little Wish
|ko      = 소등과 소원
|ko_rm   = Sodeunggwa Sowon
|ko_tl   = Celestial Lantern and Wish
|es      = Un pequeño deseo para una pequeña linterna
|es_tl   = A Little Wish for a Little Lantern
|fr      = Petite lanterne céleste, petit vœu
|fr_tl   = Little Celestial Lantern, Little Wish
|ru      = Маленький фонарик, маленькое желание
|ru_tl   = Little Lantern, Little Wish
|th      = โคม Xiao กับความหวังเล็ก ๆ น้อย ๆ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đèn Tiêu nhỏ và nguyện vọng bé
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kleine Laterne, kleiner Wunsch
|de_tl   = Little Lantern, Little Wish
|id      = Lentera Kecil, Harapan Kecil
|id_tl   = Little Lantern, Little Wish
|pt      = Pequena Lanterna, Pequeno Desejo
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}