{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{About|the event-exclusive NPC|the event enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Liuliu}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Liuliu 2.4.png
|type             = Event NPC
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Liyue
|affiliation      = Treasure Hoarders
|title            = Treasure Hoarder
|title2           = ???
}}
'''Liuliu''' {{Lang|zh=溜溜|zh_rm=Liūliū}} is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who makes an appearance in the {{Quest|Petal-Lit Ships Fish For the Moon}}.

==Profile==
Liuliu is a member of the [[Treasure Hoarders]]. He writes the various Ruins Investigation Logs seen throughout [[Liyue]].

He may also be the writer of other Treasure Hoarder notes found throughout Liyue, such as the [[Bishui Plain#Hastily-Written Notes|Hastily-Written Notes at Bishui Plain]] and the [[Treasure Hoarder Diary]] at [[Mt. Aocang]].

===Appearance===
Liuliu has light-blonde hair, blue eyes and fair skin, covering the rest of his face with a black bandana. He wears a black hood short sleeve shirt with orange details and a white vest kept together with a brown belt with the Treasure Hoarders' insignia as the buckle. Parts of Liuliu's arms are wrapped in bandages and protected with brown arm bracers, along with an orange scarf wrapped around his left arm. His pants are dark gray with a brown thigh pouch strapped to his left thigh and he wears brown boots with a folded collar.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Ruins Investigation Logs==
{{Main|Ruins Investigation Logs}}
Logs are listed in known chronological order.

{{Transclude|Ruins Investigation Log|Logs}}

==Trivia==
* During the {{Quest|Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns}}, using [[Elemental Sight]] on the man named "[[??? (NPC)|???]]" reveals his name as "Treasure Hoarder – Liuliu". Oddly enough, however, [[Letter to the Treasure Hoarders|his letter]], when translated back from the [[Languages#Teyvat Language|common Teyvat language]], is riddled with misspellings &mdash; a trait the other notes left by Liuliu did not have, this is possibly done on purpose indicating the two of them are entirely different people.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Liuliu
|zhs     = 溜溜
|zhs_rm  = Liūliū
|zht     = 溜溜
|zht_rm  = Liūliū
|zh_note = {{zh|{{wt|溜||Chinese}}|rm=Liū}} literally means "to sneak away." {{zh|{{wt|溜溜||Chinese}}|rm=Liūliū}} itself is also an ideophonic phrase which represents something dripping, flowing, or rolling. In this case, it is likely used in the context of sneaking away, repeated to emphasize that Liuliu is good at escaping, or slipping away.
|ja      = トンズラ
|ja_rm   = Tonzura
|ja_note = {{ja|{{wt|ja:遁ずら|とんずら}}|rm=Tonzura}} is a slang term for slipping away after committing a crime.
|ko      = {{tt|류류|溜溜}}
|es      = Liuliu
|fr      = Liuliu
|ru      = Лю Лю
|th      = Liuliu
|vi      = Liuliu
|de      = Liuliu
|id      = Liuliu
|pt      = Liuliu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[es:Liuliu]]
[[pt-br:Liuliu]]