{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19065
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = I
|act           = Chivalric Training
|startLocation = Near Wolvendom, [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Noelle's Strength
|characters    = Henning; Noelle; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Live Practice''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Chivalric Training]].

==Steps==
#Look for slimes in Mondstadt's outskirts
#Defeat the [[Geo Slime]]s
#*Complete the challenge in 1 minute and 15 seconds.
#*Failing this challenge has no consequence.
#Look for the next training target
#Defeat the [[Dendro Slime]]s
#*Complete the challenge in 10 seconds.
#*Failing this challenge has no consequence. The Dendro slimes will not despawn after the 10 seconds are up, but defeating them is not required for the next step.
#Look for the next training target
#Defeat the [[Eye of the Storm]]
#*Complete the challenge in 25 seconds.
#*Failing this challenge has no consequence.
#Talk to Noelle
#Head to the nearby hilichurl camp
#Defeat all the hilichurls
#Talk to [[Henning]]

==Trial Character==
{{Transclude|Noelle's_Strength|Trial Character}}

==Dialogue==
===For More Experience===
{{Quest Description|Noelle has great strength but is never able to use it in real fights. You arrange some training to help her gain more practical combat experience...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Look for slimes in Mondstadt's outskirts)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here we are! Let's start with Geo Slimes...

;(After defeating the Geo Slimes)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Piece of cake! Noelle's got moves!

;(If the Geo Slimes are not defeated in time)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Maybe we should try a different opponent...
----
;(At the next training area)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? There are Dendro Slimes hiding here!

;(After failing the challenge)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... that looked a bit tough for Noelle. Perhaps Dendro Slimes aren't her forte.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, avoiding unfavorable battles is a big part of combat strategy!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I see... Noted!
----
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The next target is... an Eye of the Storm!?

;(After failing to defeat the Eye of the Storm)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No... the Eye of the Storm is getting away!
----
;(Talk to Noelle)
:;(If the Eye of the Storm escaped)
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ugh... It was too far up in the air, I couldn't get to it...
:;(If the Eye of the Storm was defeated)
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Exhausting... It was too far up in the air, I couldn't get to it...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If only Amber or Miss Lisa were here...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No! I can't think like that. As a Knight, I must rely on my own strength...
:{{DIcon}} If it were me just now, I would have gone to Amber or Lisa for help.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh? But...
:{{DIcon}} It is precisely because the power of a single knight is limited that the Knights of Favonius was formed. Don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} Unity and teamwork allow each knight to better utilize their strengths.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' That makes sense... If only I'd fought together with you just now...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' "The camaraderie and solidarity of its members form the backbone of the Knights of Favonius..."
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So that's what Article 8 of the Knights of Favonius Handbook really means...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I never... looked at it that way before...
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, why don't you choose the final training target?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Me? ...You think I can choose a suitable target?
:{{DIcon}} Choosing an appropriate enemy is also a part of your training...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Really? Let me think...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...I should avoid enemies that I find difficult... and consider the power of teamwork... hmm...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmmm... Ah! I've got it!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I heard from Master Jean that there was a hilichurl camp nearby, that often attacks traveling merchants.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Even though driving away hilichurls is usually something for the Knights...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Maybe this time... I can do it!
:{{DIcon}} Let's do it together.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906501 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Great, you and me!
----
{{Quest Description|With your help, Noelle seems to have grasped some of the essentials of live combat and decides to try it out on a nearby hilichurl camp...}}
;(Approach the nearby hilichurl camp)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Noeeeelle! Noeeeelle!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Who's that? I&mdash;I need to help!

;(Talk to Henning after defeating all the hilichurls in the camp.)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 02.ogg}} '''Henning:''' Th&mdash;Thank the Anemo Archon! Finally, I'm saved...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 03.ogg}} '''Henning:''' Ah... and thanks to Noelle and the Honorary Knight too...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 04.ogg}} '''Henning:''' If it hadn't been for you two, I can't imagine what would have happened.
:{{DIcon}} Just glad you're okay.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 05.ogg}} '''Henning:'''  You guys are here to save me... right?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' We were training nearby and happened to hear you calling my name. Luckily, we got here just in time.
:{{DIcon}} We were quite far away...
:{{DIcon}} Could you really recognize Noelle from that distance?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 06.ogg}} '''Henning:''' Haha... I think I wanted to say "help," or "Barbatos protect me," or something to that effect...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 07.ogg}} '''Henning:''' I didn't even realize that I'd called out Noelle's name instead.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 08.ogg}} '''Henning:''' I guess in Mondstadt we're just so used to calling Noelle's name when we're in trouble.
:{{DIcon}} Sound like you're a little too dependent on her.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, it's fine! It's an honor to be able to help everyone.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Not to mention, I might not have registered Henning's cry if that weren't the case.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Still... good thing the hilichurls we encountered weren't too fierce. Thankfully, I was able to handle them.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 09.ogg}} '''Henning:''' Huh? Not too fierce? I was so scared I couldn't even move my legs.
:{{DIcon}} Those weren't weak hilichurls.
:{{DIcon}} You've gotten stronger.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I just did what I usually do...
:{{DIcon}} The intention was different.
:{{DIcon}} This wasn't training... you were trying to protect someone.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah, I guess so...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I did have my mind set on not letting Henning get hurt...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So if my intention is different, it can have a big effect on the outcome...
:{{DIcon}} It's because protecting others is the source of your strength.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 10.ogg}} '''Henning:''' You know, I think you're right!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 11.ogg}} '''Henning:''' Whenever Noelle is helping us out, she's usually more powerful than in training!
:{{DIcon}} This is no reason for you to rely on her though.
:{{DIcon}} In the future, don't leave everything to Noelle.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 12.ogg}} '''Henning:''' Ahaha... Absolutely. No more of that.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 henning 13.ogg}} '''Henning:''' ...In any case, I'm extremely grateful to you both.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' N&mdash;No problem, merely fulfilling my duties as a maid of Favonius!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906502 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Maid Noelle of the Knight of Favonius, at your service!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: A Defender's Will Is Their Strength===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Defender's Will Is Their Strength
|ending name_alt = A Defenders Will Is Their Strength
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 1
|description     = This strength exists to defend others.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Live Practice
|zhs     = 实战练习
|zhs_rm  = Shízhàn Liànxí
|zht     = 實戰練習
|zht_rm  = Shízhàn Liànxí
|zh_tl   = Live Practice
|ja      = 実戦訓練
|ja_rm   = Jissen Kunren
|ja_tl   = Combat Training
|ko      = 실전 연습
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Práctica real
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Formation pratique
|fr_tl   = Practical Training
|ru      = Живая практика
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การฝึกฝนภาคปฏิบัติ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Live Training
|vi      = Luyện Tập Thực Chiến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Praktische Erfahrung
|de_tl   = Practical Experience
|id      = Latihan Langsung
|id_tl   = Live Training
|pt      = Treinamento de Combate
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}