{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 5
|region  = Liyue
|passive = Golden Majesty
|lore    = [[Morax]] during the [[Archon War]]
|other   = Base ATK: 46–608<br />Main attribute: 10.8–49.6% ATK
}}
The '''Liyue Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 5-star [[Weapon Series]], themed after [[Liyue]].

The shared ability bonus of this series is '''Golden Majesty''':<br />
{{Description|Increases Shield Strength by '''20–40'''%. Scoring hits on opponents increases ATK by '''4–8'''% for 8s. Max 5 stacks. Can only occur once every 0.3s. While protected by a shield, this ATK increase effect is increased by 100%.}}

Additionally all weapons of this series also share the same '''Base ATK: 46–608''' and '''main attribute: 10.8–49.6 % ATK'''.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Liyue Series}}

==Lore==
Weapons closely associated with [[Morax]] (Rex Lapis) during the [[Archon War]].

When the [[Glaze Lily|Glaze Lilies]] still grew in abundance, Morax met a young woman named [[Guizhong]] for the first time, and they formed a pledge. Guizhong gifted a stone dumbbell, which contained all her knowledge, to Morax, serving both as a symbol of their pledge and as a challenge for him. With Guizhong being the brains and Morax acting as the brawn, they hoped that the city they had built for their people would become a great one. However, Guizhong died, and her final words were interrupted. Although the years passed, and the Glaze Lilies became less abundant, Morax would never know her final words, nor was he able to unlock that stone dumbbell.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Memory of Dust}}</ref>

During the turmoil of the Archon War, Morax's people were worried about the conflicts going on around them. Morax, now known as Rex Lapis, took a slab of pure [[Cor Lapis]], carved a long blade out of it, and cut the tip of a mountain clean off with a single slice. Following this impressive display of power, Rex Lapis swore a solemn oath to his people; to reunite those who were scattered, punish those who broke their contracts, and give compensation to those who had lost their loved ones, their possessions, or deprived of justice.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Summit Shaper}}</ref>

The people of Rex Lapis situated themselves at [[Liyue Harbor]], but were threated by a [[Osial|great shadow]], known as Osial, that lived in the ocean. Rex Lapis brandished a spear, capable of piercing even the rainbows, and pinned the Overlord of the Vortex in the depths of the sea. To this day, marine animals such as dolphins and whales congregate around that spot to sing, either as reverence for the defeated god, or to praise Rex Lapis' power. However, legends exists that one day, That Which Lies in the Deep will awake once again, in the form of a hurricane as big as a nine-headed hydra.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Vortex Vanquisher}}</ref>

Legends say that an [[Azhdaha|ancient dragon]], one as big as the mountains it lived in, once dwelled in Liyue. Its movements were capable of causing earthquakes, and so Rex Lapis went out to find the dragon. The dragon chose to be part of Rex Lapis' side, and for a long time, there was peace in Liyue. But in the end, the dragon had to be sealed away deep within the earth, and the [[Geovishaps]] that heeded to it went into a deep slumber as well. A [[Nantianmen|giant tree]] was used to subdue the dragon, and an edgeless claymore was stabbed next to it by those who triumphed over the dragon in order to keep evil away. Only those with pure hearts could approach the sword safely.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The Unforged}}</ref>

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Serie Liyue]]