{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19135
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Time Off!
|next          = 
|characters    = Ningguang; Traveler; Xingxi; Ying'er
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Liyue Millennial''' is a quest in [[Ningguang]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest]].

==Steps==
# Accompany Ningguang to have the piece made
# Go to [[Mingxing Jewelry]] to place an order
# Return to the [[Jade Chamber]] and talk to Ningguang

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ningguang would like to use the board game she created to commemorate the battle against Osial. As such, she wishes to produce a very special figurine.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Accompany Ningguang to have the piece made)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Oh, Lady Ningguang, and the Traveler.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You already know each other?
:{{DIcon}} We've met before.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Oh, I think it goes a little deeper than that... I don't teach my hard-earned skills to just anyone, you know.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' There's a word for people like you, who are warm one minute and cold the next. "Fickle."
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You seem to be in a good mood today.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' As ever. There's nothing special about today, but seeing you two has definitely perked me up.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 05.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' All jokes aside, how can I be of service today?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 03b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Remember the custom chess pieces I told you about? I'd like you to take {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} measurements today.
:{{DIcon}} But isn't she in the porcelain business?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 06.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Whatever business I'm in, I am first and foremost a woman of many talents. Don't you remember when I taught you how to make perfume? There was no porcelain involved in that.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 07.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' As it happens, I am a skilled tailor as well. What can I say, I'm in the prime of my youth and I love all beautiful things... Is that so strange?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ying'er is every bit as proficient as any of the top tailors in the land. I've availed myself of her services many times before.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 08.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' ...Oh, I'm sorry, I'm just realizing that the Traveler only thinks I'm good at one thing. I see how it is. In which case...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 09.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You'll find all the tools you could need in the room. Please, help yourselves. I'll stay outside and mind my own porcelain business, as you quite rightly suggested.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Huh? What are you expecting me to do here...?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 10.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Oh, I think the Traveler is the one you should be asking about that...
:{{DIcon}} I wasn't suggesting anything...
:{{DIcon}} Stop twisting my words!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 11.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Hahaha, I'm kidding! I'm kidding.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 12.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' It's hard not to tease when you're both so well-matched.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 13.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Come on, then. Step inside and I'll examine your body from tip to toe, hehehe.

:'''After all that, Ying'er takes your measurements quite uneventfully.'''

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' *sigh*...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If I hear any strange new rumors after this, you will be my number one suspect.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 14.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Rumors about the Traveler? Or the chess piece?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Either. Both are confidential.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 15.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Don't worry. I know where the line is. I'd never take a joke too far.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 16.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Secrets are only fun when they're kept secret.
:{{DIcon}} I hope you do know where the line is...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Just... enough with the ambiguous phrasing, okay? You'll give people the wrong idea... Ugh, forget it. Let's just go.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913501 yinger 17.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You're always welcome at Scent of Spring. Come again anytime.

;(After conversation with Ying'er ends)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' *sigh* I slightly regret bringing you here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It doesn't bother me. I just hope she didn't make you feel too awkward...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now that your measurements are taken, let's go to Mingxing Jewelry and put an order in.

;(Talk to Ying'er again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You are always welcome to come back, either alone or with your new friend. Hehe.

----

;(Go to Mingxing Jewelry to place an order)

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 01.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Hello, Lady Ningguang. What can I do for you today?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That chess piece I told you about &mdash; we can start work now. I have the Traveler's measurements here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 02.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Okay, let me just double-check... Mm-hmm, looks good. This has all the measurements we need. I'll pass them on to the craftsman shortly.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Good. And as agreed, please use top-grade materials only.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 03.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Of course. We are professionals, and we will do everything we can to deliver the high standard you expect.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 04.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Although, speaking to you as a friend, I have to tell you that the sale price you indicated won't even cover the cost of production...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 05.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' I don't mean just the material costs, either. Waiting around for top-quality materials drags out the production time and also reduces the total quantity we can produce.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's okay. This one is not for profit.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' With every previous set, there has always been some degree of commercial or marketing considerations to bear in mind. But this one serves more of a commemorative purpose.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' To that point, as you know, the prototype of the Jade Chamber chess piece has been in the works for a long time, but I haven't once followed up on the progress.
:{{DIcon}} Jade Chamber? There's a Jade Chamber piece in this chess set?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes. And just like your piece, the Jade Chamber piece will be scaled for the game.
:{{DIcon}} Now I understand Xingxi's concern.
:{{DIcon}} It's a huge undertaking...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 06.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Yes, it's a challenging project. But also, "not for profit" is really not something I ever expected from Lady Ningguang...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 07.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' How do I put it? It just seems... out of character.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' In business, everything comes down to profits versus losses. You have to keep a cool head and make rational judgments. In other words, you must be shrewd.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But shrewdness is easily perceived as cynicism in the eyes of others. People come to think of you as someone who cares only about money, and not people.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hardly the worst thing in the world, of course. But it has caused obstacles for me in the past.
:{{DIcon}} How?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well, for example, I once had a case where someone backed out of a deal with me to sell to someone else. We were both offering the exact same terms, it was simply because they didn't like me very much.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Another case was where I offered distinctly more competitive terms in an investment, and this ended up arousing their suspicion.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' "That Ningguang," they thought... "She must be up to something. We can't let her get away with it..."
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 08.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' I see...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But these problems disappeared all but completely after the battle against Osial.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Why? Because the whole of Liyue witnessed me destroying my Jade Chamber.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' At least, that's the most reasonable explanation I can think of.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 09.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Oh, I get it! You're saying that back when you sacrificed the Jade Chamber, you gained everyone's respect in return.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 10.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' You're not seeking to make a profit from these chess pieces because what you're commemorating is your personal contribution to Liyue Harbor!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 11.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' It was the deal of the century, and as long as you keep capitalizing on it, business will be plain sailing for you in the future.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' ...Yes. Exactly. Very to the point.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 12.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Truly a brilliant strategy, Lady Ningguang! You really are a business mastermind.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 13.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Now I understand why this set needs to be so perfect and why it's okay that it doesn't turn a profit.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It will be a lot of work, and I'm most grateful to you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 21a.ogg}} {{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 21b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Make sure the Traveler's piece is exactly how {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} wants it. We can't go letting {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} down.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 xingxi 14.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Don't you worry, we'll put our all into it!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 22.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well, that's that then. Let's head back to the Jade Chamber.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913502 ningguang 23.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There's something I want to discuss with you.

;(Talk to Xingxi again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 xingxi 01.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Lady Ningguang is simply brilliant. Once again, she has blown my mind.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 xingxi 02.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' There's so much I can learn from her.
{{Dialogue end}}

===After the Descent===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Return to the Jade Chamber and talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have a question for you. I'd like to hear your honest opinion.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And I, in turn, will tell you how I really think.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' When we were at Mingxing Jewelry, I admitted that my decision to sacrifice the Jade Chamber was a calculated one. I had already considered what I stood to lose and to gain.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' When you heard that... did it make you think that maybe I really was a cynical profit-chaser after all?
:{{DIcon}} Honestly... yes. I was a little disappointed.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I see...
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well then I'm sorry, but what I'm about to say may simply come across as making excuses.
:{{DIcon}} I think all you're trying to do is make up for your losses.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, well, at the time, it seemed to me that sacrificing the Jade Chamber was the inevitable decision.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' All that talk about making up for my losses was really just to console myself.
:{{DIcon}} The point is that you stepped up when the time came.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' ...Thank you.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, you see things the way they are, however they may appear on the surface.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' ...I was lying to Xingxi.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' My decision to destroy the Jade Chamber was nowhere near as thought-through as I made it out to be. I just thought we should do what needed to be done, and this was a decision that only I could make.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Afterwards, I consoled myself by reasoning that all my wealth comes from Liyue Harbor, so to lose Liyue Harbor is to lose everything. In that sense, giving up the Jade Chamber would be a profitable investment in the long term.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But it just didn't work &mdash; I was grief-stricken, like a huge part of my heart was suddenly missing...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Because I had just severed ties with a lifelong companion.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I stared out at the sea for goodness knows how long... I just couldn't let it go... I just couldn't.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There was no way I could console myself... So why bother trying?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But as time went by, I received so many thank-you gifts and letters from people... Everyone was describing how they now saw me in a new light, how I'd become an inspiration to them.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I gave up the Jade Chamber without a moment's hesitation, and I did it for the sake of Liyue Harbor. And now, people are inspired to follow my example, to tackle their life challenges with the same unswerving determination.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' All of this was so encouraging to hear. It made me feel that my dear old companion's sacrifice was not in vain.
:{{DIcon}} So why did you lie to Xingxi?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 21.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Because... to most people, the idea that Lady Ningguang is someone who battles with grief and struggles to let go of the past is probably the furthest thing from the truth that they could imagine.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 22.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This is one aspect of the truth that I can share only with you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 23.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The fact that... I can't always be as strong as everyone thinks I am.
:{{DIcon}} The most difficult time has passed.
:{{DIcon}} You've done so well.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 24.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Thank you for your comforting words. It feels good even just to be able to talk about it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 25.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm sorry that you have to see me in this state...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 26.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But look where I am now. Standing on the deck of the Jade Chamber once more, taking in the view... It must be fate's reward to me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913503 ningguang 27.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And if I end up having to do it all over again in the future... I will not hesitate to make the same decision again.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Unchanging Will===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Unchanging Will
|character       = Ningguang
|act             = 1
|description     = Through countless melancholy moments, the clouds are now at last clear. Gazing ahead, she will surely make the right decisions.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Liyue Millennial
|zhs     = 「璃月千年」
|zhs_rm  = "Líyuè Qiān Nián"
|zht     = 「璃月千年」
|zht_rm  = "Líyuè Qiān Nián"
|zh_tl   = "Liyue Millennium"
|ja      = 「璃月千年」
|ja_rm   = "Riiyue Sennen"
|ja_tl   = "Liyue Millennium"
|ko      = 「리월 천년」
|ko_rm   = "Riwol Cheonnyeon"
|ko_tl   = "Liyue Millennium"
|es      = Un milenio en Liyue
|es_tl   = A Millennium in Liyue
|fr      = Mille ans à Liyue
|fr_tl   = One Thousand Years in Liyue
|ru      = «Тысяча лет в Ли Юэ»
|ru_tl   = "Thousand Years in Liyue"
|th      = "Liyue พันปี"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Ngàn Năm Liyue"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Tausend Jahre in Liyue
|de_tl   = Thousand Years in Liyue
|id      = Seribu Tahun di Liyue
|id_tl   = A Thousand Year in Liyue
|pt      = Mil Anos em Liyue
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Liyue'de Binyıl
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mille anni a Liyue
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}