{{RegionTabs}}
{{See also|Timeline}}
A timeline of historical events in the [[Liyue]] region.
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|TimelineNote}}

__TOC__

==First Era==
<noinclude>{{main|Timeline#First Era}}
''The term "first era" is derived from ''[[The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria]]''.''</noinclude>

* An ancient civilization is established in the area that is now [[The Chasm (Subregion)|The Chasm]].<ref group="Assumption" name="Unified civilization"/>

==Great War of Vengeance==
<noinclude>{{main|Timeline#Great War of Vengeance}}
''The term "great war of vengeance" is derived from [[Neuvillette]]'s [[Neuvillette/Lore#Vision|Vision]] Character Story.''</noinclude>

* '''>6000 years ago''' &mdash; [[Morax]], a god with dominion over Geo, is born.<ref name="STFG"/>
* '''~6000 years ago, while Morax was young''' &mdash; The [[Solar Chariot]] falls to the west of what is now [[Dunyu Ruins]], creating [[The Chasm (Subregion)|The Chasm]]. This prosperous mining area would sustain the Dunyu area for thousands of years, up until the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago.<ref name="ROJ6"/> The tribespeople in the area repair it and eventually it returns to the sky.<ref name="Solar Relic"/>
** In alternate versions of the tale, the Solar Chariot is not a literal chariot, but is instead a star which fell into the area now known as The Chasm and returned to the heavens of its own accord during the Archon War.<ref name="ROJ6"/>
** The [[Spiritstone]] at the bottom of the present day Chasm is a [[Celestial Nail]] implied to have been cast down during this time period, but it's relationship with the Solar Chariot is unknown.
** The ancient civilization in this area is destroyed, and the inhabitants move to [[Chenyu Vale]].<ref name="Jadefall's Splendor"/>

==Interim Period==
<noinclude>{{main|Timeline#Interim Period}}
''While not formally established as its own period in time, Liyue lore indicates there was a stretch of peacetime between the Great War and the Archon War. ''</noinclude>

===Guili Assembly===
{{See also|Guili Assembly}}
''Note: The two main sources of information about the Guili Assembly, [[Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I]] and the World Quest [[Treasure Lost, Treasure Found]], currently contradict each other on whether [[Guizhong]] or [[Morax]] descended on the land first and which one moved to the area afterwards. Because Stone Tablet Compilations has more information corroborated by other in-game sources,<ref group="Note">Stone Tablet Compilations names Morax as the co-ruler of Guili Plains alongside Guizhong, which is confirmed by the table at [[Mt. Aocang]] and the description for [[Memory of Dust]]. It also briefly mentions the Guizhong Ballista, which was not within [[Soraya]]'s scope of interest during Treasure Lost, Treasure Found.</ref> the wiki will assume it has the correct version.''

* '''? years ago''' &mdash; Morax descends on the region of Liyue, where he raises [[Mt. Tianheng]], quells the seas, and lowers the tides.<ref name="STC1"/> To pacify the seas, he defeats many sea monsters including one beast known as Baqiu.<ref name="PJWS/> [[Jueyun Karst]] was created in such a way at an unknown point in time, with the water being drawn into an underground reservoir.<ref name="TTG2"/>
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; Guizhong, the Lord of Dust, befriends Morax. At some point, she and her people move north of Mt. Tianheng for reasons unknown. Morax and Guizhong establish the Guili Assembly, which derives its name from the first character of Guizhong's name, and one character of Morax's (using his name at the time, which is unknown).<ref name="TLTF"/> This civilization spanned the area between Mt. Tianheng and [[Stone Gate]]. It was extremely prosperous, flourishing under the trades of agriculture and mining,<ref name="STC1"/> and became a trading hub.<ref name="TTG2"/>
** Guizhong establishes four commandments to guide her people:<br>"To unite in ambition is to be steadfast and immovable for all time."<br>"Wisdom is like water, it nourishes all those who receive it and in it is a reflection of the truth."<br>"Fortify the bones, that movement be supple when the time comes."<br>"Virtue grows tall like a tree, though there be shade it will flourish forever."<ref name="TLTF"/>
** Guizhong and [[Cloud Retainer]], among other adepti, create the [[Guizhong Ballista]]s to defend the Guili Assembly from external threats.<ref name="STC1"/><ref name="AQ1-3-5"/>

===Lisha Civilizations===
''Note: It is unknown whether the Sea God truly existed or whether he had any link to the Lisha region, but his story and the legends regarding Lisha seem to have some relation.''

* '''? years ago''' &mdash; Early civilizations in the [[Lisha]] region of [[Liyue]] are established at [[Dunyu Ruins]], [[Lingju Pass]], [[Qingxu Pool]]. At some point either before or during the [[Archon War]], the civilizations at Lingju Pass and Qingxu Pool were destroyed and submerged underwater, only reemerging after the end of the Archon War.<ref name="DRA8"/>
** ''Legends say that these ruins predate the Geo Archon's rule over Liyue. The whole of Lisha was covered by water at the time of the Archon War, and back then this rocky outcrop was nothing more than a little islet that rose above the water's surface. After peace was restored, the region of Lisha unfurled once more as the tides withdrew, revealing the ancient buildings erected by the early peoples.''<ref name="DRA8"/>
** ''What [Soraya] told me was that these ruins were left behind by an evil god, whose name has been wiped from the record, and its people. But in the end, the sea gave way to forests and fields, the self-serving god was defeated, and the strongholds and temples of the ancient city the god's people once built were left to crumble. That is how Qingxu Pool came to be. The ruins were submerged until the long Archon War finally came to an end, emerging on the landscape as the tide subsided."''<ref name="DRA8"/>
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; The Sea God gives his people a year without storms and tsunamis in exchange for a human bride. After many generations, one such bride &mdash; whom he had permitted to return to the surface world &mdash; caused the destruction of her village after she asked for the Sea God's aid when her daughter was to be taken away from her to be offered as his bride.<ref name="ROJ2"/>
** ''"The Sea God looked majestic indeed as he sat center stage in his giant clam, holding in his hands the reins of two sea serpents. They stood as imposing as Mt. Tianheng before the royal carriage as their master accepted the gifts of pearls from the village elders and welcomed his new bride aboard the carriage. In return, the village would receive the Sea God's blessing: a year free from tempests and tsunamis."<br>[...] The Sea God responded to the call, rising up from the billowing waves to greet the village. But his embrace was a tidal wave that engulfed the village, and took the villagers and elders in their sleep.''<ref name="ROJ2"/>

===Chenyu Vale===
* The surviving inhabitants of the Chasm civilization relocates to Chenyu Vale.

===Other Regions of Liyue===
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; [[Havria]], the God of Salt, establishes her domain in Liyue; the original expanse of her territory is unknown, but it included [[Sal Terrae]].<ref name="ZL1-4"/><ref name="COL1"/> She was known for being gentle and kind-hearted, but weak.<ref name="DRA1"/> It is theorized that Liyue's flower ball wedding tradition may have derived from Havria's act of handing out bunches of flowers to her followers.<ref name="COL1"/>
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; The village at [[Wuwang Hill]] is established. It would exist in relative peace until some time after Liyue Harbor was established, after which the bewitching song of a whale-like sea monster (potentially the [[Oceanid]] [[Rhodeia of Loch]], considering the monster's physical description and current location) led all the youths of the village to their doom, and its elders died with no one to carry on the village.<ref name="Records of Jueyun 3"/>

==Archon War==
<noinclude>{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|archonwarstart}}</noinclude>
* In Liyue, legends of sea monsters are commonplace due to the "[[Dark Sea|other-shore]]," a region that lies outside of Teyvat.<ref name="Piece of Aerosiderite"/> People in ancient times would use the bones of such sea monsters as figureheads on their ships to frighten away the beasts.<ref name="Serpent Spine"/>

===The Fall of the Guili Assembly===
* '''~4000 years ago''' <ref group="Note">Xiao was present at the sealing of Guizhong's remains after her death 3700 years ago. In the [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1OANwZ29ww Story Teaser: Echoes of the Heart] video, he can be seen at the 1:45 time stamp.</ref>&mdash; [[Xiao]], whose true name is yet unknown, is born.<ref name="Xiao Details" /> An evil god discovers his weakness, using it to enslave him and force him to perform cruel and violent acts. During one battle in the Archon War, the two ran afoul of Morax, who defeats the evil god and liberates the enslaved adeptus, bestowing the name "Xiao" onto him for his protection. Xiao afterwards becomes one of the [[Yaksha]]s to repay his debt to Morax, and in this role is known by the Yaksha call sign "Alatus."<ref name="Xiao 2" />
* '''3700 years ago'''<ref name="The Fond Farewell" /> &mdash; One particular battle occurs in the Guili Assembly &mdash; despite being a nation protected by [[Morax]], [[Guizhong]], and the [[adepti]], it ravages Guili Plains and causes landslides that transform [[Dihua Marsh]] from a fertile islet into a swamp. Guizhong is also slain in the process.<ref name="STC1" /><ref name="TLTF" /> The exact cause of its destruction is unknown and many theories exist among Liyue folklore.
** '''>10 days later'''<ref name="Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go" /><ref group="Translation Note">The English localization says "a dozen days," whereas the original Chinese text says {{zh|十多天|tl=over 10 days.}}</ref> &mdash; Following the fall of the Guili Assembly, Morax, Marchosius, and the adepti lead their people south of Mt. Tianheng, where they establish [[Liyue Harbor]]. Morax creates a contract with the adepti to defend it.<ref name="AQ1-3-5" /><ref name="ZLCD">Character Demo: [https://youtu.be/4oBpaBEMBIM Zhongli: The Listener]</ref>
** The [[Millelith|Millelith Brigade]] is established to protect the people and defend against monsters.<ref name="STC1" /><ref name="Fengyan" />
** Morax teaches his people how to create houses, using [[Mora]] to create a model home. He also establishes minted Mora as Liyue's currency, for convenience.<ref name="ZL1-1" /><ref group="Note">While [[Rex Incognito]] mentions that people once used jade plaques as currency, the unnamed nobleman &mdash; a disguised Morax &mdash; reveals at the end of the book series that he made up the story about the jade plaques, likely with the intent of seeing whether it would be taken as fact generations later.</ref>
** After creating Liyue Harbor, Morax decides to wage war against the other gods, seeing it as the only way to restore order and protect humanity.<ref name="ZLCD" /><ref name="VOE" />
*** ''"He sought celestial order, to stay the tide of turbulence.<br>Adepti rallied round him, yaksha guardians charged ahead,<br>Frightened by the courageous people the demons fled."''<ref name="VOE" />
*** ''"I wish not for dominion, yet I cannot watch the common people suffer."''<ref name="ZLCD" />
* '''December 2, >3000 years ago''' &mdash; Sometime either before or during the Archon War, [[Ganyu]] is born. She later participates in the war to protect Liyue Harbor, signing a contract with Morax.<ref name="Ganyu Details"/>
** There are no details on when exactly she was born, however it is speculated that Ganyu may have been alive during the Guili Assembly era based on the wording in her third Character Story.<ref name="Ganyu 3"/>
** During one battle, Ganyu &mdash; who was much more rotund during this time &mdash; unintentionally chokes a monster to death when it underestimated her girth and tried to eat her. This incident has led her to maintain a strict diet in order to keep a slim physique.<ref name="Ganyu 5"/>
* '''>2000 years ago''' &mdash; [[Morax]] hears the pleas of [[Azhdaha]], a blind Geo elemental dragon who dwelt beneath the mountains of [[Nantianmen]]. He takes pity on the dragon and takes it aboveground, bestowing sight upon it with just a touch. They form a contract, where Azhdaha agrees not to endanger humanity in exchange for living alongside them. Azhdaha then aids Morax in battles across Teyvat.<ref name="Unforged"/><ref name="Through the Eyes of a Dragon"/>
* '''3700–2000 years ago''' &mdash; ''The following events presumably occur sometime between Liyue Harbor's establishment and the end of the Archon War. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.''
** During a certain battle in the Archon War, the opposing god slashes Mt. Tianheng, creating a crack in the mountain's foundation and threatening to collapse on the village at the base of the mountain. To prevent this, the adeptus [[Skybracer]] has a friend cut off his antlers &mdash; a gift from Morax himself, made of his divine essence and thus the hardest material in Liyue &mdash; and uses them to prop up the mountain. This act causes the mountains to elevate higher than it had been originally. Skybracer then continues to fight until he dies from blood loss, his blood turning into the Bishui River.<ref name="Madame Ping during Lanter Rite"/> The people who lived at the base of the mountain held him in high regard for this action, even more so than Morax.<ref name="Xiaoyan"/>
** [[Havria]], whose gentle nature and weak martial prowess put her at a disadvantage during this brutal era, futilely attempted to peacefully resolve the conflicts that erupted. Realizing it was too late for anyone to stop, she turned her efforts to creating a place of refuge for humans displaced by these wars.<ref name="COL1" /><ref name="DRA1"/> However, due to her relatively weak powers, she stood no chance against other gods and chose to make concession after concession, until she lost all her lands besides [[Sal Terrae]]. There, she created a small city with her followers &mdash; but they, seeing that she had no chance of surviving through this war, decided to give her a swift and painless end rather than consign her to defeat at the hands of other gods. However, the power that surged from her body after her death salinified the city and its inhabitants, while her own body withered away into a small salt flower.<ref name="ZL1-4"/>
*** Her followers who managed to escape salinification were scattered across Liyue after the loss of their god and home. Many went to Liyue Harbor and eventually became Yinyuan Hall of the salt industry, one of the Eight Trades. Some descendants of those people, fearing Havria cursed them for their ancestors' betrayal, risked their lives to enter Sal Terrae and break the sword used to kill her. By the time of the present, however, Havria's story has been twisted among the people of Yinyuan Hall, and they now believe she was a powerful god who was assassinated by Morax out of envy.<ref name="ZL1-4"/>
** Morax defeats many gods and sea monsters at [[Guyun Stone Forest]], including the ancient god [[Osial]], by throwing down massive stone spears to pin them to the ocean floor,<ref name="RDA6"/><ref name="LSG"/><ref name="HOG"/> and using Sigils of Permission to seal them. The resulting stone formation, when viewed from above, takes the general shape of his own Geo symbol.<ref name="TTG2"/>
*** '''~2600 years ago'''<ref group="Assumption">It is unclear whether Chi was defeated at this time or if the seals were established years after its defeat, but the seal at the highest point of Mt. Qingce has a statue facing a "wind-swept ruin," which is [[Stormterror's Lair|Decarabian's capital city]]. As a result, the seals must have been established after [[Barbatos]]' rise as Anemo Archon 2600 years ago.</ref> &mdash; [[Chi]] (in the ancient language, Qingce) makes its nest in the area now known as Mt. Qingce and takes over the region.<ref name="DRA2"/> Morax fights it at a "great height" and succeeds in subduing it.
****In fantastical Liyue legends, although [[Zhongli]] (Morax) reveals they are merely the product of people's imagination,<ref name="The Tales Behind the Fan"/> Chi and its nest transform the area around Mt. Qingce into its current state after its death &mdash; its body turns into stone, its blood becomes water, and its scales turn into terraced fields. Even after its death, however, Chi's power seeps into the land, creating the Blood-Fed Trees and suspicious orange stones at [[Bishui Plain]] that poisoned the area. To suppress its power, Morax seals its remains in five different locations with Geo Seals and water to prevent its revival.<ref name="TCOY"/>
**** People during this time used images to record major events, purportedly because writing had not yet been invented.<ref name="TCOY"/> The veracity of this claim is dubious since the ruins at Guili Plains use written language, although it is possible that Chi was defeated long before the seals to contain it were created.
*** While combating the other gods and sea monsters, Morax used a variety of methods to combat them: along with massive stone spears (pillars), he also summoned meteors,<ref name="Grain of Aerosiderite"/> a Geo Whale,<ref name="PJWS"/> and stone birds.<ref name="AP"/>
** The original village at [[Wuwang Hill]] falls after a whale-tailed monster leads the youth to their death.
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; The bodies of the gods and monsters Morax defeated over the course of the Archon War were compressed, decomposed, and became part of the earth, while the gods' spirits lost their senses of self and were no longer capable of holding personal grudges.<ref name="Relic from Guyun"/> However, their lingering hatred and resentment still remained, creating miasmas, curses, and monsters. Morax summoned the yakshas, a certain subset of the adepti, to aid him in suppressing these manifestations of evil gods. They carried out this duty for some thousand years, even after the Archon War ended.
** The five strongest Yakshas were [[Bosacius]], [[Bonanus]], [[Menogias]], [[Indarias]], and Alatus (Xiao). Among the lesser yakshas were [[Pervases]], who was slain in the Archon War.<ref name="Insights of Drifting Dreams"/><ref name="TEL"/>
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; An unknown doctor takes the frontline in eradicating the karmic disease caused by the corpses of the malevolent gods whom the Yakshas had slain. The negative karma had become a pestilence that spread across Liyue. The bodies of the infected humans only furthered its spread, "as the dead were a breeding ground for the disease".<ref name="In Pursuit of a Phantom"/> The Rite of Homa prevented further spread by cremating corpses which, eventually, caused the epidemic to come to an end. Furthermore, the pioneers of this practice were the founders of what is now known as [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]].<ref name="In Pursuit of a Phantom"/> The practice and parlor have been passed down from generation to generation. The quote of the family is "only an unbound flame can purify this world."<ref name="Staff of Homa"/>
** The rite conducted by the staff clears the corpses of traces of evil karma so they are able to free themselves and carry on to the afterlife. Their spirits take the form of an ashen butterfly. The doctors (who eventually became the directors of Wangsheng) have never had any regrets due to their altruistic lifestyle, and as such pass on without regrets, also in the form of a fiery butterfly.<ref name="Perfect Send-Off"/>
* '''>2000 years ago'''<ref group="Assumption">Zhongli's fifth Character Story implies that he was already Geo Archon by the time the final divine seat was claimed and the Archon War era drew to a close.</ref> &mdash; After suppressing all other gods in his region, Morax becomes the Geo Archon, restoring peace to the land now known as Liyue.

==Post-Archon War==
<noinclude>2000–500 years ago
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|archonwarend}}</noinclude>
* After [[Barbatos]] pays a visit to Morax &mdash; not in need of assistance, but rather to explore the neighboring country &mdash; the first iteration of The Seven would often gather in Liyue Harbor.<ref name="STFG"/><ref name="Equilibrium"/><ref name="Zhongli 5"/>
* '''2000 years ago''' &mdash; With their combat prowess no longer needed, some adepti seclude themselves in Jueyun Karst. Others ask Morax to transform their mortal bodies into stone, resulting in the stone figures seen around Liyue.<ref name="Records of Jueyun 1"/>
** Unlike the adepti, the Yakshas suffered a gruesome fate. The hatred emanating from the demons tainted their souls, while the unending slaughters they participated in accrued karmic debt. One by one, the yakshas went mad, died, and/or disappeared.<ref name="VOE"/><ref name="LSG"/><ref name="YTVA"/>
*** [[Bonanus]] and [[Menogias]] most likely both died when the two fought against each other. [[Indarias]] went mad with fear and was also dead.
** The [[Liyue Qixing]], an organization comprised of the seven foremost businesspeople in Liyue Harbor, are established.<ref name="Ganyu Vision"/> Ganyu becomes secretary to the Liyue Qixing.<ref name="STFG"/>
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; A martial nomad named [[Guhua]] was known throughout Liyue; his life is shrouded in mystery, but some claim he was an adeptus and ascended to Celestia at the end of his journey. After his ascension, a person who was close to him established the Guhua Brotherhood in his honor.'<ref name="RS"/> After several hundred years, however, the organization dwindled and became the [[Guhua Clan]].
* '''March 3, ? years ago''' &mdash; [[Qiqi]] is born as a human.
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; During one of the battles between adepti and demons, the herb gatherer [[Qiqi]] ran afoul of the combatants and became trapped between life and death as a result. Her desire to live granted her a Vision, which the adepti saw as a divine blessing. To save her life, each gave her a portion of their adeptal energies; her life was indeed spared, but she was turned into a zombie, and her mortal vessel could not handle the adeptal power and she went berserk. To quell the disturbance, [[Mountain Shaper]] trapped her in amber, where she would remain for several hundred years.<ref name="QIQI - STY"/>
* '''>1000 years ago''' &mdash; [[Azhdaha]] begins to forget those around him, his memories eroding. Morax attempts to help him fix his deteriorating memory, but the solution doesn't work. He begins to become irritable, his spirit naturally angry for whatever reason.<ref name="Historia Antiqua2-4"/>
* '''1000 years ago''' &mdash; The people of Liyue mine in the mountains, overexploiting the area for resources. This causes the Ley Lines to quake, causing great suffering to Azhdaha, who is sustained and nourished by their energy. The pain, combined with his inability to recognize his loved ones, enrages him, and he attacks the Chasm in an attempt to stop his anguish.<ref name="Historia Antiqua2-4"/> He destroys the settlement at [[Tianqiu Valley]] in the process.<ref name="Trails in Tianqiu"/>
** Through the combined efforts of [[Morax]], [[Mountain Shaper]], [[Moon Carver]], and a third currently unknown adeptus, Azhdaha is sealed in a pocket dimension at [[Nantianmen]].<ref name="Historia Antiqua2-4"/><ref name="Linlang"/>

==Pre-Cataclysm==
<noinclude>''>500 years ago''</noinclude>
* [[Morax]] signs a contract with an unknown party, agreeing to not disclose whatever is about to happen in the [[cataclysm]].<ref name="Historia Antiqua2-4"/>
* Among the five Yakshas, only [[Bosacius]] and [[Alatus]] remained. Before he went insane, Bosacius wished to seal off his treasure and to be done with this world.<ref name="The Yaksha's Wish"/>
** After Bosacius went insane and abandoned his post, he was drawn by the conflict of [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] and went there to fight.<ref name="TEL"/>
** Ultimately, Alatus (Xiao) became the sole known yaksha left in this world.<ref name="YTVA"/>

==Cataclysm==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Cataclysm}}
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|cataclysmstart}}</noinclude>
* [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] and [[Dunyu Ruins]] are two known locations majorly impacted by the cataclysm.
** An 'iron meteorite' impacted the Chasm and then monsters poured out of the Chasm and in response, Morax sent the [[Millelith]] to defend and evacuate the miners.<ref name="ToTM"/>
*** An unnamed [[yaksha]] &mdash; who had once abandoned their duty to defend Liyue &mdash; returned to fight alongside the Millelith. The yaksha and Millelith who chose to lead the vanguard ultimately perished in battle.<ref name="ToTM"/>
*** The monsters' threat was diverted by the combined efforts of the Yaksha &mdash; who revealed to be [[Bosacius]], a mortal thaumaturge named [[Boyang]], and the Millelith vanguard. They contrived a stratagem to trap and seal the beasts in the depths of The Chasm by using the [[Fantastic Compass]], a catalyst which had the power to manipulate space. In the critical moments of the fight, Bosacius, Boyang and the Millelith vanguard ultimately sacrificed themselves by sealing themselves along with the beasts because the compass needed constant energy flow from a mortal and an adeptus to operate.<ref name="TEL"/>
*** There were very few survivors of the conflict in the Chasm. One such person was [[Rongzhao]], Boyang's brother, but he went insane when returned to his family.<ref name="Yelan 3"/> Another figure was a Millelith who lost all four limbs when rescuing the miners and fending off the monsters, but later he taught himself to become a famed doctor. He set up the memorial of the fellow Millelith comrades after he received a Vision.<ref name="The Millennial Mountains"/>
** What occurred in Dunyu Ruins is unknown, but its people decided to abandon the city and move to [[Liyue Harbor]]; none of the refugees nor adepti have spoken about what happened there.<ref name="ROJ6"/>
*** The emerging [[abyss]]al influence was said to be the reason people abandoned Dunyu Ruins, and it became a ruin.<ref name="ROJ6"/>
*** Dunyu Ruins may be the byproduct of the main conflict in the Chasm, due to the fact that Bosacius commanded the Millelith force to hold the line at 60 miles outside The Chasm at all costs,<ref name="EoTL"/> which can mean the nearest location, Dunyu Ruins, was also affected by the Chasm's waves of monsters as well.

==Post-Cataclysm==
<noinclude>''500–100 years ago''</noinclude>
* '''<500 years ago''' &mdash; In Liyue, the cataclysm created a martial arts renaissance as people sought ways to fight the monsters that continued appearing even after the immediate monster threat ended. [[Yun Hui]] of the [[Yun Family]], a clan of blacksmiths, joined forces with master craftsman [[Han Wu]] to produce a series of weapon designs now known as the "[[Prototype Series|prototypes]]."<ref name="Prototype Starglitter"/><ref name="Prototype Archaic"/>
** Following their fathers' footsteps, [[Yun Huang]] and [[Han Ce]] cooperated to create the [[Blackcliff Series]].

==Recent Past==
<noinclude>''<100 years ago''

''Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.''</noinclude>

* '''50–40 years ago''' &mdash; [[Amber's grandfather]], a renowned mercenary leader from Liyue,<ref name="FWB"/> falls victim to a disastrous monster attack that leaves him the sole survivor. After being saved by a doctor from the Knights of Favonius, he decides to move to Mondstadt and become a member himself. There, he established the Outriders, a division of archer scouts whose members he personally trained. He also starts a family there.<ref name="Amber 2"/>
** Amber's grandfather is implied to be the adventurer whom [[Granny Ruoxin]] fell in love with and promised to live with at [[Qingce Village]], who embarked on an expedition only to disappear. The [[Qingce Village Bulletin Board]] contains a message about an unnamed former villager who went to Mondstadt to become a knight, who has recently (as of the present day) returned only to "skulk about," though his manner of using a wind glider is apparently unmistakable.
* '''~40–20 years ago''' &mdash; [[Big G]] has an accident and passes away. The village at Wuwang Hill suffers (another) disaster, and all the village's inhabitants (including [[Little Wu]], [[Meng]], [[Mumu]], and [[Congzi]]) abandon their hometown, heading to Liyue Harbor.<ref name="Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets"/>
* '''30 years ago''' &mdash; The last time that [[Cloud Retainer]] took on her human form before moving to Liyue Harbor.<ref name="A Search for Secrets"/>
* '''20 years ago''' &mdash; The last time the Mingxiao Lantern of the [[Lantern Rite Festival]] was as big as it is in present day.
* '''? years ago''' &mdash; The [[Wangshu Inn]] is constructed at [[Dihua Marsh]] by the [[Liyue Qixing]], operated by [[Verr Goldet]] and [[Huai'an]], in order to provide covert support for [[Xiao]].<ref name="Xiao 3"/>
* '''10 years ago''' &mdash; [[Hu Tao]]'s grandfather, the [[Old Hu|75th director]], dies when she is 13 following an failed conduction of the Art of Homa that also took the life of [[Hu Tao's father]] due to the accumulated fetor during the ritual. She takes over [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] as the 77th director, with her grandfather's funeral being the first funeral she oversees. She receives her {{Pyro}} Vision after her visit to [[Wuwang Hill]] to see if he has moved on to the afterlife peacefully.<ref name="Hu Tao Vision"/><ref>{{Quest|Qimen Arts and the Rite of Homa, the Spirits are Calmed and Life Restored}}</ref>
* '''4 years ago, after Crepus' death'''<ref group="Assumption">In the manga, Amber mentions that she overheard the argument between Eroch and Diluc while hiding in a cupboard to prank her grandfather, indicating that he hadn't resigned at the time of Crepus' death.</ref> &mdash; Amber's grandfather abruptly resigns from the Knights of Favonius and disappears,<ref name="FWB"/> leading to rumors that he had defected.
** At some point after leaving Mondstadt, a man matching his description returns to Qingce Village some 40–50 years after he last visited the village.<ref name="Qingce Village Bulletin Board"/>
* [[Qiqi]], still trapped in amber after hundreds of years, is discovered and taken to the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] for burial. However, she is still alive thanks to the adeptal energy bestowed upon her and, with the seal having worn off over hundreds of years, manages to escape in the middle of the night. She stumbles upon [[Baizhu]], who decides to employ her at [[Bubu Pharmacy]] due to her unique nature.<ref name="Qiqi 5"/>
* '''>2 years ago'''<ref name="Tie Hong"/> &mdash; [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] is sealed off due to numerous reasons: mysterious accidents,<ref name="Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board"/> miners dug up a strange, harmful "Wish Granter",<ref name="Shizhuang"/><ref name="The Chasm Charters"/> and strange earthquakes.<ref name="SSSSS"/> The decision was made despite the Chasm's wealth and quite surprisingly.<ref name="Shizhuang"/>
** The Liyue Qixing set up a seal called the Seven-Star Array to seal off the underground mine. The vital points (and weak points) of the seal lied on the set of [[Bedrock Key]]s around the seal.<ref name="SSSSS"/>
** For over 2 years, the phenomenon call the [[Cage-Shaped Geo Formation]] began to erect from the bedrock of the Chasm. They have been absorbing Geo elemental energy from the surroundings, slowly eroding the structure of the Bedrock Keys.<ref name="SSSSS"/>
** The Chasm actually was never closed off entirely, professional miners were still working here in case of emergencies.<ref name="Loading  The Chasm"/> [[Treasure Hoarders]] also infiltrated the mine and did illegal mining.<ref name="Chihu Rock Bulletin Board"/>
** Shortly after the closing, [[La Signora]] signed some mutual trade agreements with the Liyue Qixing to explore the Chasm. The [[Fatui]] would send an advance team to investigate and eradicate the abnormalities in the underground mines, and both Snezhnaya and Liyue would share the result.<ref name="AntonCompany"/>
* '''1 year ago''' &mdash; [[Dongsheng]] commits tax evasion by intentionally failing to declare some furniture he had made at Fanmu's Carpenters.<ref name="A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity"/>
* '''Shortly before the events of the Liyue Archon Quests''' &mdash; [[Tartaglia]] and [[Javert]] collect an outstanding debt held by the owner of [[Yanshang Teahouse]], obtaining the [[Sigil of Permission]] in his possession.<ref name="Childe: Sigil of Permission">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/ZF4KyX0ASnI Character Tales - "Childe: Sigil of Permission"]</ref> Childe also exposes the previous owner's fraud, landing him in jail.<ref name="Yelan: About Childe"/>
** '''After the events of the Liyue Archon Quests'''<ref name="Chuyi"/> &mdash; [[Yelan]], an intelligence agent operating under [[Ningguang]], takes over the teahouse as its new owner, where she uses the location as a front for her operations.<ref name="Yelan: About Childe" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1|refs=<!--
--><ref group="Note" name="Archon War start">Occurred at some point before the destruction of [[Guili Assembly]] 3700 years.</ref><!--
-->}}

===Lore Discrepancies===
{{Reflist|group=Lore Discrepancy|refs=<!--
-->}}

===Translation Notes===
{{Reflist|group=Translation Note|refs=<!--
-->}}

===Editors' Assumptions===
{{Reflist|group=Assumption|refs=<!--
--><ref group="Assumption" name="Unified civilization">It is presumed that this civilization was likely part of the same unified civilization as [[Enkanomiya]] due to the identical architecture. It is mentioned in The [[Enkanomiya]] quest [[The Three Great Martial Trials]]: "Before Byakuyakoku fell into the deep sea, the whole world had a single unified culture." </ref><!--
-->}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2|refs=<!--
<!--Mainpage transclusion refs-->
--><ref name="BAF1">{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1|Ballad Selection Excerpt}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Bit of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Chunk of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Chunk of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Cleansing Light">{{Quest|Cleansing Light}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Divine Body from Guyun">{{Ref/Item|Divine Body from Guyun}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Equilibrium">{{Ref/Quest|Equilibrium}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Official Site">Genshin Impact Official Site: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/map Teyvat]<br>''However, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...''</ref><!--
--><ref name="Promise of a People's Dream">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/hQ5GEOlwLUQ Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Piece of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Piece of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="That Which Rises From the Sea">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|That Which Rises From the Sea}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Serpent Spine">{{Ref/Weapon|Serpent Spine}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Snowy">{{Ref/Quest|The Snowy Past}}</ref><!--

<!--Sorting these later-->
--><ref name="STFG">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ROJ6">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|6|Hidden Jade}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Solar Relic">{{Ref/Arti|Solar Relic}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="STC1">{{Ref/Book|Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="PJWS">{{Ref/Weapon|Primordial Jade Winged-Spear}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TTG2">{{Ref/Book|Teyvat Travel Guide|2|Liyue Chapter}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TLTF">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 1)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="AQ1-3-5">{{Ref/Quest|Turning Point}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="DRA8">{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer|8|Qingxu Pool}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ROJ2">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|2|Palace Beneath the Sea}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ZL1-4">{{Ref/Quest|Farewell, Sweet Salt}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="COL1">{{Ref/Book|Customs of Liyue|1|Flower Ball}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="DRA1">{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer|1|Sal Terrae}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Records of Jueyun 3">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|3|Wuwang}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Fond Farewell">{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go">{{Ref/Quest|Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Fengyan">{{Ref/NPC|Fengyan}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ZL1-1">{{Ref/Quest|Shadow of Yore}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="VOE">{{Ref/Book|Verses of Equilibrium}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Ganyu Details">{{Ref/CS|Ganyu|Character Details}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Ganyu 3">{{Ref/CS|Ganyu|3}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Ganyu 5">{{Ref/CS|Ganyu|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Unforged">{{Ref/Weapon|The Unforged}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Through the Eyes of a Dragon">Story Teaser: [https://youtu.be/1jUemn6Jk-o Through the Eyes of a Dragon]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Madame Ping during Lanter Rite">{{Ref/NPC|Madame Ping|c=during Lantern Rite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Xiaoyan">{{Ref/NPC|Xiaoyan}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="RDA6">{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer|6|Guyun Stone Forest}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="LSG">{{Ref/Item|Luminous Sands from Guyun}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="HOG">{{Ref/Quest|Heart of Glaze}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="DRA2">{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer|2|Qingce Village}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Tales Behind the Fan">{{Ref/Quest|The Tales Behind the Fan}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TCOY">{{Ref/Quest|The Chi of Yore}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="AP">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Archaic Petra}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Grain of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Grain of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Xiao Details">{{Ref/CS|Xiao|Character Details}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Xiao 2">{{Ref/CS|Xiao|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Relic from Guyun">{{Ref/Item|Relic from Guyun}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Insights of Drifting Dreams">{{Ref/Quest|Insights of Drifting Dreams}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TEL">{{Ref/Quest|At Tunnel's End, Light}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="In Pursuit of a Phantom">{{Ref/Quest|In Pursuit of a Phantom}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Staff of Homa">{{Ref/Weapon|Staff of Homa}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Perfect Send-Off">{{Ref/Quest|Perfect Send-Off}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Zhongli 5">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Records of Jueyun 1">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|1|Stone Beasts}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="YTVA">{{Ref/Book|Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="RS">{{Ref/Weapon|Rainslasher}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Ganyu Vision">{{Ref/CS|Ganyu|Vision}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="QIQI - STY">{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|4}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Historia Antiqua2-4">{{Ref/Quest|Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Trails in Tianqiu">{{Ref/Quest|Trails in Tianqiu}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Linlang">{{Ref/NPC|Linlang}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Yaksha's Wish">{{Ref/Quest|The Yaksha's Wish}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ToTM">{{Ref/ArtiSet |Tenacity of the Millelith}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Yelan 3">{{Ref/CS|Yelan|3}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Millennial Mountains">{{Ref/Quest|The Millennial Mountains}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="EoTL">{{Ref/Quest|End of the Line (Quest)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Prototype Starglitter">{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Starglitter}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Prototype Archaic">{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Archaic}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="FWB">{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Warbow|Lore}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Amber 2">{{Ref/CS|Amber|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets">{{Ref/Quest|Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Xiao 3">{{Ref/CS|Xiao|3}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Hu Tao Vision">{{Ref/CS|Hu Tao|Vision}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Qingce Village Bulletin Board">{{Ref/BB|Qingce Village Bulletin Board|Qingce Village}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Qiqi 5">{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tie Hong">{{Ref/NPC|Tie Hong}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board">{{Ref/BB|Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Shizhuang">{{Ref/NPC|Shizhuang the Strong}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Chasm Charters">{{Ref/Quest|The Chasm Charters}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="SSSSS">{{Ref/Quest|Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Loading  The Chasm">{{Ref/Loading|Liyue|The Chasm}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Chihu Rock Bulletin Board">{{Ref/BB|Chihu Rock Bulletin Board}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="AntonCompany">{{Ref/Quest|A Company Vanishing Into the Deep}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity">{{Ref/Quest|A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Childe: Sigil of Permission">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/ZF4KyX0ASnI Character Tales - "Childe: Sigil of Permission"]</ref><!--
--><ref name="A Search for Secrets">{{Ref/Quest|page=A Search for Secrets}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Yelan: About Childe">{{Ref/VO|Yelan|About Tartaglia}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Chuyi">{{Ref/NPC|Chuyi|s=2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Jadefall's Splendor">{{Ref/Weapon|Jadefall's Splendor}}</ref><!--
-->}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[fr:Liyue/Histoire]]
[[ja:璃月/歴史]]
[[pt-br:Liyue/História]]
[[uk:Ліюе/Історія]]
[[vi:Liyue/Lịch Sử]]