{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40184
|image         = Event Quest Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|actType       = None
|actNum        = 1
|actNumLabel   = First Stanza
|requirement   = 
* [[Adventure Rank]] 20
* [[Prologue]]: Act III - [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|recommended = 
* [[Chapter V]]: Act V - [[Incandescent Ode of Resurrection]]
* [[Lagenaria Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Heart of Healing]]
* [[Papilio Charontis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away]]
|characters    = An Su; Baiwen; Baizhu; Changsheng; Chef Mao; Chongyun; Ferrylady; Ganyu; Hu Tao; Keqing; Lan Yan; Paimon; Tea Master Liu Su; Timaeus; Traveler; Xiangling; Xingqiu; Ying'er; Yun Jin; Zhongli
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = 
|next          = The Funeral Parlor Has No Master, Yujing Terrace Calls the Troops
|rewards       = Zhongli: Rex Coin*1;Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6;Recipe: Drunken Plums in Snow*1;Auspicious Mora: "Splendid Bounty"*1
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity''''' is the first part of the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Take a stroll around [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Check out the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]] street fair
# Check out [[Lan Yan|Madame Lan]]'s craftsmanship
# Go to [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]
# Go to [[Wanmin Restaurant]]
# Take [[Timaeus]] to [[Bubu Pharmacy]]
# Return to [[Scent of Spring]]
# Go to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor
# Find [[Zhongli]], who is currently listening to opera

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Lantern Rite has come around once more. What stories will be written in Liyue Harbor this year...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}<!-- Silent in EN VO: Chongyun, Ganyu, Hu Tao, Keqing, Timaeus, Xingqiu, Yun Jin, Zhongli -->
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Lantern Rite's coming up again! The time's really flown by... Let's head to [[Liyue]] when we get the chance.

;(Approach Wangsheng Funeral Parlor)
:'''Hu Tao:''' ...
:{{Introductory Note|Hu Tao}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, it's [[Hu Tao]]!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, she looks kinda troubled... Shall we go say hi?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hey! Stop right there, Heroes!
:{{Introductory Note|Xiangling}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the...!? Oh, [[Xiangling]]!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hehe, I was just kidding around. Happy Lantern Rite! Hope I didn't scare ya?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nah, of course not! We were just about to go say hi to Hu Tao.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I noticed &mdash; which is why I stopped you! We can't disturb her now, or we won't get to see the brand-spanking-new Director Hu.
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean by that?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Well, I gave her a [[Cherries Snow-Laden|new outfit]] as a gift, but she's so used to [[Plum Blossom Bouquet|her uniform]] that she's hesitant to try it on.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! What kind of outfit is it?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' A bright red one, of course! The color of prosperity, and the color of Lantern Rite.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' But just so you're aware... Hu Tao's not really been herself lately. Whenever I invite her to hang out, she either finds an excuse not to come, or spends the whole time staring into space.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I've tried asking her what's wrong, but she won't even admit there's a problem. *sigh*... Anyway, so that outfit was my way of saying that I'm here as her friend, and I hope she'll feel better soon.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon was just thinking that she looked kinda troubled...
:{{Black Screen|But you've never seen Hu Tao like this before. What could it possibly be?}}
:{{Black Screen|Just then, you feel something cool against your face... Someone has crept up behind you and is now covering your eyes.}}
:'''???:''' Guess whooo~?
:{{DIcon}} I recognize those dulcet tones anywhere, Zhongli.
::'''Hu Tao:''' Oh, I see... So our consultant is the one you miss most. You're breaking my heart, {{Traveler}}.
::{{DIcon}} I was just kidding. Happy Lantern Rite!
:{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite, Director Hu.
::'''Hu Tao:''' Ah, wonderful, you still remember my voice. That means, you must have missed me a lot...
:'''Hu Tao:''' Hee-hee, Happy Lantern Rite!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Hu Tao, is that a new outfit? It looks great!
:'''Hu Tao:''' All thanks to Xiangling! Apparently, it was custom made by [[Chiori|a designer]] from [[Fontaine]]... I hope it didn't put you out too much?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Nope! The tailor happened to be in Liyue looking for a change of scenery and fresh inspiration. We got talking and really hit it off. So it was no trouble at all!
:'''Hu Tao:''' Well that's good. Thanks again Xiangling, you have exquisite taste!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Oh, stop. I'm just glad you like it.
:{{DIcon}} So, Hu Tao. What's been bothering you?
:'''Hu Tao:''' Huh? Why would you ask that? ...Is it my tone of voice? Not as sweet and melodious as you're used to?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Your voice is as sweet as ever Hu Tao, but we're your friends. You can't hide how you're feeling from us, no matter how hard you may try.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Haha, alright, alright. I wasn't trying to hide anything from you, I promise. It's just, I've been struggling with a... work-related thing.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 11.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Work-related? You mean the funeral parlor?
:'''Hu Tao:''' Uh-huh. So, you see? It's a part of my duty as the Director. Besides, it's Lantern Rite. I don't want you worrying about me when you're supposed to be enjoying the festival!
:'''Hu Tao:''' So relax. Everything will be A-OK, 'cause Director Hu will find a way!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You, stressing about work? That's gotta be a first. Guess it must be something super complicated, huh?
:'''Hu Tao:''' Yup, it's a doozy! I feel like I've been banging my head against a brick wall.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go get [[Keqing]], she'll know what to do.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You think Keqing will be able to help?
:{{DIcon}} She can at least teach Hu Tao about work-life balance.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 12.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Good idea! Especially since it's festival season. I heard the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] is putting on a street fair with loads of cool stuff to do.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 13.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Forget about work for now, Hu Tao. Come have fun with us!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Take some time to relax and recover your energy, then you'll knock this thing out in no time!
:'''Hu Tao:''' Ah, I'd love to, but I'm afraid I have a meeting to get to... A real meeting, I'm not just making excuses!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, really? You sure you can't get out of it?
:'''Hu Tao:''' ...How about this, you guys go on ahead, and I'll meet you at the fair when I'm done. Sound good?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 xiangling 14.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hmm... Okay, fair enough. But don't take too long! And after the fair, how about we all have a meal at Wanmin Restaurant? My treat, of course.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Count me in! I could never turn down Xiangling's cooking.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, me neither! Paimon's drooling already...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a plan. Hope your meeting goes well, Hu Tao!
:'''Hu Tao:''' Don't worry about me! Get yourselves to the fair, I'll join you as soon as I can.

;(Talk to Hu Tao again, optional)
:'''Hu Tao:''' Go get yourselves to the fair. I'll join you as soon as I can.
----
;(Approach the stall)
:'''Keqing:''' This is the Custom Gift Envelope stall. You can pick your preferred design, leave a custom message, and hand them out to friends and family.
:'''Keqing:''' If you're interested, Madame Lan Yan, please take a look.
:{{Introductory Note|Keqing}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I take it these coins go inside the envelope? They look a little different from regular [[Mora]]...
:'''Keqing:''' That's right. These are special-edition Fortune Coins issued by the Coinage Office. There are twelve designs in total, each engraved with motifs from the Guyan Sigils that represent different blessings.
:'''Keqing:''' Take this one, for example. This design is&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' The Sign of Vaisravana! Yes, originally an exorcism sigil widely used in thaumaturgy. These days, it's used as a lucky charm to prevent disaster and bring favor. Quite popular with business owners hoping for peace and prosperity...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' ...Ah! I interrupted you, didn't I? Sorry, I just got a little carried away... I meant no offense, Lady [[Yuheng]].
:'''Keqing:''' Hehe, none taken, Madame Lan.
:'''Keqing:''' Really, it's my honor to meet a member of the historic Lan lineage. Your ancestors hailed from the Twelve Tribes of [[Chenyu Vale]], and were renowned for their proficiency in the mystic arts.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 04.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' You flatter me, Lady Yuheng! My family are but distant relatives. We would hardly consider ourselves the true heirs to that illustrious lineage.
:'''Keqing:''' There's no need to be humble. Your knowledge of the Guyan Sigils is very impressive. A rare find in the Liyue Harbor of today.
:'''Keqing:''' True heir or not, you do your ancestors proud. And given your level of erudition in this area, I may find myself requesting your help in the future.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 05.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Hehe, well, I won't deny that I pride myself in my level of learning... So by all means, it would be my pleasure to assist the Lady Yuheng.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Keqing! Hard at work with the festivities as usual, huh?
:'''Keqing:''' Ah, {{Traveler}} and Paimon! And Xiangling, too. I was just thinking about you this morning, wondering if I'd get to see you during the festival.
:{{DIcon}} I hope you're keeping a reasonable work-life balance this year?
:'''Keqing:''' Haha, oh, don't even go there... The Ministry of Civil Affairs has had so much to do this Lantern Rite.
:'''Keqing:''' Oh, before I forget &mdash; everyone, this is Madame Lan Yan, a master craftswoman from the [[Chenyu Vale Artisans Association]].
:'''Keqing:''' She kindly agreed to help the Ministry of Civil Affairs with this year's street fair. In a short while, you'll get to see her work.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Nice to meet you, Madame Lan!
:'''Keqing:''' Madame Lan, allow me to introduce&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 06b.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' {{Traveler}}, {{MC|m=his|f=her}} travel buddy Paimon, and Xiangling! Hello!
:'''Keqing:''' Haha, it seems like you're getting carried away again, Madame Lan...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 07.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Ah! Sorry, interrupted again, didn't I... Hehe, it's just quite exciting, meeting these three people I've heard so much about. I never imagined I'd get the chance.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I think you mean two people, right? I'm just a chef &mdash; a good one, but it's not THAT much to get excited about. You don't need to include me just to be polite.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 08.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Oh, I beg to differ! The first meal I ate in Liyue Harbor was at Wanmin Restaurant. Xiangling's cooking gave my tastebuds plenty to be excited about!
:{{DIcon}} Hello, Madame Lan. Nice to meet a master craftswoman.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 4 lanyan 09.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Please, call me Lan Yan. And I'm no "master craftswoman," just a humble maker of handicrafts.
:'''Keqing:''' I'm sure anyone who's seen your work would disagree. Speaking of which, I'm sure you'd all like to see it &mdash; why don't you come with me, and I'll show you?

;(Approach the large screens)
:'''Keqing:''' Here it is. This is a game for the street fair, where you duel with rattan figures. It's called "Immortal Combat."
:'''Keqing:''' There are eight rattan figures in total, and thanks to some ingenious design work, they can move around on their own. Madame Lan took inspiration from the legend of the [[Eight Adepts]]. Astonishing, isn't it?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds amazing! But what are the Eight Adepts? Are they like, [[adepti]]?
:'''Keqing:''' They're not actual adepti, but eight legendary people said to have had adeptus-like abilities &mdash; which earned them the title of the Eight Adepts.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Paimon's never heard that story before...
:'''Keqing:''' They were only around for a short time, and it was two or three thousand years ago. So their stories aren't nearly as well-known as those of the actual adepti.
:'''Keqing:''' Also, did you notice this year's [[Lantern Rite Festival#Traditions|Mingxiao Lantern]] when you arrived in the harbor?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shaped like a huge tree, right?
:'''Keqing:''' Yes. It's said that during the [[Archon War]] period, there was a divine mountain in Liyue with a giant tree on its summit. A tree who was also a [[god]], named "[[Tao Dou]]."
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Oh! I think I heard that one from a storyteller once &mdash; "The Sanctification of Tao Dou." So Tao Dou is the giant tree...?
:{{DIcon}} And this tree was also a god?
:'''Keqing:''' Correct. Back then, people thought that behind Tao Dou was the realm of the dead, and if you committed grave sins in life, your soul would be unable to pass beyond that tree and into the afterlife.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Even today, in my hometown people still say things like, "You'll never cross Mt. Tao Dou when you die." It's very insulting though, so don't go around repeating it...
:'''Keqing:''' When the Archon War arrived, Tao Dou was dragged into the fighting, disturbing the realm of the dead. The boundary between life and death became blurred, and death began to encroach on the realm of the living.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... and then what?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' That's where The Sanctification of Tao Dou comes in! The Eight Adepts rose up to solve the crisis, and laid down a great magic array to purify Tao Dou.
:'''Keqing:''' Exactly. After that, Tao Dou's remains sank into the [[Ley Line]]s and became a border, separating the living of Liyue from the dead.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, THE border? The [[Enter the "border"|border between life and death]]? That's where it comes from?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' So the legends say, but who knows if it's true.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those Eight Adepts must be super powerful if they could purify a god... Are we sure they weren't just adepti?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 04.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Yep &mdash; and in fact, their tale specifically emphasizes that most of them were ordinary humans!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' If I remember right, they were from several groups that joined forces... a Guizang one, a Lianshan one, and...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 05.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Right! The Three Hermits of Guizang, the Two Sages of Lianshan, and the Three Beasts of Tao Dou. Collectively, the Eight Adepts. The mainstream narrative holds that the Guizang Hermits and the Lianshan Sages were human.
:'''Keqing:''' I know one of the hermits was "Wind Reader," said to be the founder of the ancient art of Qimen Divination.
:'''Keqing:''' If I'm not mistaken, he hailed from the Twelve Tribes of Chenyu Vale. His descendants became the Lan clan, and kept the art of Qimen Divination alive. Madame Lan, correct me if I'm wrong?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 06.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' That's certainly what the clan genealogies claim, although my personal knowledge of Qimen Divination is very patchy.
:'''Keqing:''' The second hermit's story is somewhat more amusing. He mastered the art of fishing with a rod and line, and became known to the people as the "Yunlai Angler."
:'''Keqing:''' You may have heard of [[Yunlai Swordsmanship]], which is the style I trained in. Both that style and [[Ancient Sword Art|its more ancient variant]] have their origins in the Yunlai Angler's rod-wielding techniques...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Seriously? ...Haha, did [[Xingqiu]] tell you that? 'Cause it sounds like something right out of a martial arts novel!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what about the third hermit?
:'''Keqing:''' That would be the Wuwang Kid... also known as Old Man Wuwang. The story goes that he always presented himself in child form. As a hermit, his expertise lay with Qihuang sigils, which he used to catch demons, heal disease, and protect lives from the encroaching presence of death.
:'''Keqing:''' The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor should be best acquainted with his story, since their founders were said to have studied under the Wuwang Kid.
:'''Keqing:''' They were just ordinary people like you and me. But when faced with mounting disasters, they used what strength they had to guard the border between life and death. Fortunately, they were aided by their knowledge of a secret art, which the funeral parlor still practices to this day.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 07.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' So it's true? The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor really does have a secret art?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I heard from Hu Tao that she has [[Staff of Homa|a flaming staff]] handed down by her forebearers. Apparently, it has special powers, used for cleansing rituals...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' But it could just be another one of her tall tales. ...Oh, you probably haven't met Hu Tao yet, have you? She's the director at the funeral parlor.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 08.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I've never had the pleasure, but I've certainly heard of Director Hu Tao.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, well these Guizang Hermits sound pretty legit. How about the two sages and the three beasts? What's their story?
:'''Keqing:''' One was Sage Hu, a master of gourd crafts, and the other was Sage Jian, an expert in bronze mirrors.
:'''Keqing:''' Very little information survives on these two. All we know is that they practiced the secret art of Lianshan, earning them the title of the Two Sages of Lianshan.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 09.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I heard there's a [[Hidden Palace of Lianshan Formula|hidden palace]] deep in the mountains south of [[Stone Gate]]. Traditionally, that's believed to be where they retreated for cultivation.
:'''Keqing:''' As for the three beasts, their retreat was Mt. Tao Dou, hence the "Three Beasts of Tao Dou." As their title suggests, those three were not humans.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what were they? Monsters or something...?
:'''Keqing:''' They were... [[Ganyu]]?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh? All three of them?
:'''Ganyu:''' Happy Lantern Rite, everyone.
:{{Introductory Note|Ganyu}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, right! Ganyu's here, okay!
:{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite, Ganyu.
:'''Ganyu:''' I'm sorry... I hope I'm not interrupting anything?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course not!
:'''Keqing:''' What is it? [[Ningguang]]'s back?
:'''Ganyu:''' Yes. The others have arrived, too.
:'''Keqing:''' Got it, thanks.
:'''Keqing:''' My apologies, everyone, but I've got to go. Ganyu and I have some important work to attend to.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, what? Not you, too... seems like everyone's busy with work.
:'''Ganyu:''' You know what it's like &mdash; the festival season is upon us, so it's all systems go at the Ministry of Civil Affairs. Don't worry, everything's fine.
:'''Keqing:''' Yes, you should focus on enjoying everything that the street fair has to offer. And if you find anything is not to your satisfaction, we will welcome your feedback.
:'''Keqing:''' Bye for now, everyone.
:{{DIcon}} One second, Ganyu...
:'''Ganyu:''' What is it, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} ...Don't forget to take breaks. Look after yourself.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Haha, {{Traveler}}'s being especially nice today, checking in on everyone's wellbeing.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 14a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 14b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, what other option does {{MC|he|she}} have? It's not like {{MC|he|she}} can drag them away from their desks and force them to have fun against their will.
:'''Ganyu:''' Thanks for your concern, we'll be sure to take care... and I hope you'll do the same.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 10.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I actually have something I need to do as well, so I should get to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Oh, are you looking for Hu Tao? She's supposed to meet us here so we can grab lunch. Why don't you come with? If you don't mind the extra company, of course.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 lanyan 11.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Not at all, I'd love to! What a nice surprise!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Perfect! Hmm, Hu Tao should have joined us here by now... I guess her meeting overran. Why don't we head to the funeral parlor?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay! Let's go!
:;(Opens event menu)
----
;(Pass by a [[Springtime Charms/Festive Travel Journal|Fortune Coin]] on the way to the funeral parlor, optional)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What're all these Mora for? They're huge! And so shiny.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 6 lanyan 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Lady Yuheng said they're Fortune Coins. Go on, give them a rub, it'll bring you good luck.

;(Pass by [[Springtime Charms/Festive Travel Journal|Launch Tubes]] on the way to the funeral parlor, optional)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are these lanterns?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 7 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Nope! They're toys that shoot fireworks! New to this year's festival. You should try them, Paimon.

;(Hit a Launch Tube, optional)
:;(The camera pans toward the Mingxiao Lantern)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! It's beautiful!

;(If all 4 Launch Tubes are made to display identical pictures, optional)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 9 lanyan 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Look, there are fireworks for each of these four designs, too!
----
;(Approach Wangsheng Funeral Parlor)
:{{Black Screen|Earlier, just outside the funeral parlor...}}
:'''Hu Tao:''' ...So in other words, [[An Su|Butler An]], you'd like to go without the drums?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 01.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Exactly. Since this has come at such a festive time, I'd rather keep things low-key to avoid disturbing the celebrations.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Understood. What about paper effigies for burning? We can do mansions, chariots, boats, or sedan chairs...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 02.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Sure, but let's stick with something small. His Lordship has never been a fan of ostentation.
:'''Hu Tao:''' In that case... how about an effigy of a silk gown? Something to please the family, but not too over-the-top. Does that sound alright?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 03.ogg}} '''An Su:''' It sounds perfect. You think of everything, Director Hu.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Great. And will you be providing your own cinerary casket?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 04.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Yes, His Lordship had one made two years ago, in fact. He sourced an excellent block of gloomwood, and had an artisan convert it into a casket. It's currently being stored at the old family house at [[Yilong Wharf]].
:'''Hu Tao:''' Gloomwood is a good choice. Flame-resistant, water-resistant, and insect-resistant. Now, what about the mourning tent and the procession? Did the family say what style they want?
:'''Hu Tao:''' We can certainly keep them simple, but I wouldn't recommend foregoing them entirely. You don't want the public speculating about why the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]] couldn't seem to afford a proper funeral.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 05.ogg}} '''An Su:''' It's like you read my mind &mdash; Master expressed the same concern. But he also said he has full confidence in the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's judgement in this area.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Very well. Then my suggestion for the tent would be sloped rooves &mdash; one with a ridged spine, two of them curved at the top. Thirty-six seats, no more, no less, and all with fresh silk covers. But not just any silk &mdash; they should be decorated with the Feiyun symbols.
:'''Hu Tao:''' At the front, we want a moon gate, a Grand Preceptor armchair, and bamboo railings. Sufficiently grand, but tasteful and measured. Would this be suitable, Butler An?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 06.ogg}} '''An Su:''' That sounds ideal. Oh, and we should put some rugs down. Make them tortoise-shell, His Lordship is very fond of that color.
:'''Hu Tao:''' That can be arranged. How about the procession?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 07.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Master requested no music procession, but sixteen pallbearers. Nothing flashy &mdash; plain clothes will do, as long as they're smart and all dressed the same.
:'''Hu Tao:''' And the carriage?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 08.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Open sedan chair please, with four pairs of white plaques and twenty pairs of red plaques.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Any ceremonial weaponry and such?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 09.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Yes, two sets of gold weaponry and two sets of soul banners, four items per set.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Okay, for the gold weaponry, a four-piece set would be the mace, battle axe, stirrup, and fist, so two each of those. And then we could do two clear passage banners, plus two each of the Flying Tiger, Flying Carp, and Flying Turtle banners.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 10.ogg}} '''An Su:''' That will do nicely.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Alright, last thing: How about the hanging banner and the portrait pavilion?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 11.ogg}} '''An Su:''' For the hanging banner, we want an octagonal tube with eight tassels per corner, and a dome of red gauze covering the top. As for the portrait pavilion, we're looking to do one incense pavilion with two spare rooms &mdash; one as a changing room, the other as a display room. And we'd like a plain white cover over the whole thing.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Did you want that embroidered?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 12.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Ah, I knew I missed something... The family neglected to consider that in their sorrow. But it's a minor detail. What would your suggestion be?
:'''Hu Tao:''' Well, the Feiyun Commerce Guild is a large and prosperous family with four generations living under one roof. As the founder of this family, His Lordship could not be more blessed.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Added to that, he has reached a ripe old age, lived a virtuous life, and is spending his final days in peace and comfort. All in all, he has lived a very complete life.
:'''Hu Tao:''' In which case, I'd recommend embroidering a bats-of-longevity motif and a cranes-and-deer-of-youth motif, to pass on his good fortune to the next generation.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 13.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Excellent! I must say, Director Hu, you really understand your clients.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Of course, think nothing of it... Huh? Ah, Ms. [[Baiwen]].
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 baiwen 01.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Greetings, Director Hu. Lady Ningguang has arrived, and she would be most grateful if you could join her at [[Yujing Terrace]].
:'''Hu Tao:''' Wow, that was quick. Alright, I'll head over in two ticks.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Butler An, my sincere apologies, but I'm afraid I have another meeting to get to.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 14.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Of course, I've taken plenty of your time already. Don't let me keep you.
:'''Hu Tao:''' [[Ferrylady|Ferry]], can I leave you to follow up on the Feiyun funeral arrangements?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 01.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Of course, Director. I'll handle it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 15.ogg}} '''An Su:''' The Hu family is truly blessed. It seems their directors go from strength to strength with each generation.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 02.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' I agree. She was born for the job.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 16.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Ah yes &mdash; Madame Undertaker, I didn't get the chance to discuss payment with the director.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 03.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' There's no rush. I gathered from your conversation that the situation is still unfolding. This was just an initial meeting so that we can make advance preparations, yes?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 17.ogg}} '''An Su:''' That's right. Master asked me to come a few days ahead of time so that things aren't rushed at the last minute. On that note, please do keep everything strictly confidential for now. No public announcements.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 04.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Of course. You have my word.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 18.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Thanks. Could I trouble you for a pro forma invoice? Easier for the family to review that way.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 05.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' I'll get that to you in due course... Hello, can I help you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hey, Ferry. We're looking for Hu Tao, is she here?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 06.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' You just missed her, unfortunately. She's attending a meeting elsewhere.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 lanyan 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Oh... Any idea when she'll be back?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 07.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' She didn't say, but she only left a moment ago. She could be some time.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 08.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' If it's anything urgent, I'd be happy to take a message for you, and I'll relay it to her as soon as she returns.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 lanyan 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Oh... No, it's nothing urgent...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 09.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' If you'd prefer to speak with her directly, you can always wait till she's free.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well this sucks. Paimon thought Hu Tao would be done with work by now.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I guess she's got more on her plate than we realized... Well, there's not much point in hanging around here. Why don't we go eat and come back later?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon is getting a little hungry, but shouldn't we wait for Hu Tao?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It sounded like she's gonna be a while. Besides, I can always fire up the stove again once she's back.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, sounds good! Madame Lan, you must be getting hungry too, right? You should come with us!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 lanyan 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Madame Lan...?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 lanyan 04.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Oh! Sorry, I spaced out... Whatever works for you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Alright Ferry, we'll head off then. Can you let Hu Tao know where we are when she gets back?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 10.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Sure. Take care, everyone.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 19.ogg}} '''An Su:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 11.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Butler An?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 20.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Ma'am, do you happen to know who that young lady with the black hair is?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 12.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' I haven't met her before, but that silver swallow hairpiece makes me wonder if she's from Chenyu Vale.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 21.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Chenyu Vale, hmm...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 13.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Something the matter?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 22.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Well, it's just... So, the other day when I was out shopping, I ran into her and Master. They were chatting away, and I noticed that she showed him a very peculiar-looking rattan figure.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 23.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Later that day, as I was moving His Lordship to a more comfortable bedroom, I saw something underneath his bed... and would you know it, it was that same rattan figure!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 24.ogg}} '''An Su:''' There was some kind of spell written on it. It was icy-cold to the touch, and made the whole room chilly... The whole thing seems very sinister.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 14.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Oh my goodness... Are you suggesting that there could be unnatural causes behind His Lordship's condition?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 15.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Well, I've heard they practice Qimen magic in Chenyu Vale. Pentad Fortune Conveyance, Fate Transference, and the like...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 25.ogg}} '''An Su:''' The last thing I want to do is start suspecting anyone, but... with His Lordship bedridden, and Master urging me to start discussing funeral arrangements, I can't help but think...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ansu 26.ogg}} '''An Su:''' Ahem! Sorry, look at me rambling away... I'm sure I'm just being paranoid... Please forget I said anything, and certainly don't repeat this to anyone else.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 10 ferrylady 16.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Don't worry, Butler An. The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor understands the importance of discretion. Client confidentiality is paramount.

;(Approach Wanmin Restaurant)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' [[Chef Mao|Dad]], I brought some friends over! I'm cooking today! ...Hmm? Dad? Daaad...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 chefmao 01.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Over here, Xiangling!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, there he is! He's over at [[Ying'er]]'s place. Let's go say hi.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Timaeus!? What's wrong with him?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 lanyan 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Hmm, that scent...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Ah, this is so embarrassing... A few days ago, he said he wanted to come and spend the festival with me, but he started to feel unwell as soon as he arrived last night, and now, he's gone and passed out...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' I think maybe the journey took it out of him, or perhaps he caught a cold on the way... Anyway, I was about to take him to Bubu Pharmacy to see the doctor, so I asked Chef Mao to watch the store while I'm gone.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you weren't gonna carry him all that way by yourself, were you? Let us help!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' I couldn't possibly ask that of you...
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it. Let's just get him to the doctor.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' If you're sure... I'm very grateful for the help.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 lanyan 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Why don't I watch the store? As it happens, I know a thing or two about perfume.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 yinger 05.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' I'm sorry, I don't believe I've had the pleasure?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! This is Madame Lan Yan, a craftswoman from Chenyu Vale. You can trust her!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 yinger 06.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Oh, a friend of yours then. Thank you, Madame Lan Yan, that would be a huge help.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 chefmao 02.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Xiangling, I guess that means we're free to head back. Let's get cooking, so the troops can feast on their triumphant return.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, great minds think alike, dad!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Go on, get Timaeus to Bubu Pharmacy. And don't forget to come eat when you're done!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 11 yinger 07.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Thank you all.
:{{Black Screen|Meanwhile, you bring Timaeus to Bubu Pharmacy, where [[Baizhu]] takes him to the back room for examination.}}
:{{Black Screen|You are surprised to see two other familiar faces there...}}
:'''Xingqiu:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, it's been a long time.
:'''Chongyun:''' Happy Lantern Rite.
:{{Introductory Note|Chongyun}}
:{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite, [[Xingqiu]] and [[Chongyun]].
:'''Xingqiu:''' Thank you &mdash; here's hoping it will be...
:{{Introductory Note|Xingqiu}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean by that? Oh no, did you get sick too?
:'''Xingqiu:''' No, not me...
:'''Chongyun:''' Xingqiu...
:'''Xingqiu:''' It's alright, these are dear friends. The truth needn't be hidden from them.
:'''Xingqiu:''' It's... my great-grandfather. A few days ago, he didn't have the strength to get out of bed, and now, he's slipped into a coma.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! Sorry to hear that. That sounds really serious...
:'''Xingqiu:''' It's not looking good. We've had several doctors come and see him, but none of them could tell what was wrong, and all left without even writing a prescription.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' None of them could figure out what it was? That seems strange...
:'''Xingqiu:''' *sigh* Well, he is over a hundred years old now. It's just... we're struggling to come to terms with it.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Our butler came to see me a few days ago, insisting that great-grandfather has been cursed. He urged me to get an exorcist involved.
:'''Chongyun:''' So... I went to take a look, and inside His Lordship's room, there was definitely a strange chill in the air. But I'm confident it's not caused by evil spirits.
:{{DIcon}} Then what is it?
:'''Chongyun:''' Well... this is just a theory, but I think that...
:'''Xingqiu:''' It's fine. You can say.
:'''Chongyun:''' It's... fetor of death. A sign that death is near.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... Xingqiu, this must be so hard for you.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Thank you. I'll be okay. Honestly, my father and grandfather are the hardest hit by it... But, we're as prepared as we can be under the circumstances.
:'''Xingqiu:''' I believe my brother's already contacted the funeral parlor, and I'm here to see if Dr. Baizhu can help. My father and grandfather are at home fasting and praying.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Feeling any better?
:'''Timaeus:''' Much better! I feel fit as a twiddle! I'm sure this is all because I forgot to eat breakfast.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' It's "fit as a fiddle," dear. As in the instrument, not the finger-twitching.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' It's nothing serious, probably just exhaustion from the long journey, then not resting properly afterwards.
:{{Introductory Note|Baizhu}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' It's all my fault...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I'm prescribing a nutritious soup to be taken every night before bed. Here's the recipe. That should sort him out &mdash; but if his symptoms persist, make sure to come and see me again.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Thank you, Dr. Baizhu.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like Timaeus is gonna be alright. That's a relief.
:'''Timaeus:''' Ying'er says you helped bring me here. Thank you ever so much.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ying'er, you should probably get this guy back right away. Baizhu says he needs to rest.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 yinger 05.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Agreed, plus I shouldn't keep Madame Lan Yan waiting too long. Drop by later when you've got a second, so I can thank you both properly.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Dr. Baizhu.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ah, Master Xingqiu... I won't beat around the bush: The situation is looking a little more complicated than I'd initially thought.
:'''Xingqiu:''' What do you mean?
:'''Changsheng:''' Baizhu wasn't speaking the whole truth just now. Timaeus's situation is exceptionally strange... and strikingly similar to His Lordship's condition!
:'''Xingqiu:''' Wait... So Timaeus has the same illness as my great-grandfather?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' It would appear so, although it's debatable whether it is an "illness," per se... The truth is, they are both aging at an accelerated rate.
:'''Chongyun:''' What? Really?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Yes. Significantly faster than the average person. But so far, I have not managed to determine the cause.
:'''Changsheng:''' Not only does it mystify Baizhu, even I've never witnessed such a malady! Unless, of course, it was so long ago that I have since forgotten.
:'''Changsheng:''' Timaeus is in the prime of his life, so a little extra exhaustion is nothing dangerous. But His Lordship is so advanced in years already...
:'''Xingqiu:''' That's terrible... So something is... surreptitiously cutting years off their lives?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Cutting years off their lives"!? What a turn of phrase, that sounds horrible...
:'''Changsheng:''' *sigh* Baizhu even tried using the secret art on Timaeus earlier, but it was useless. This is a most stubborn disease.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' There are a few other remedies I can try, even if it's just trial and error at this point. This morning, I sent [[Qiqi]] to Mt. Qingce to look for a certain herb. There's still a chance we might turn things around if we're lucky.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Oh, and speaking of Qingce &mdash; has His Lordship been there recently, Master Xingqiu?
:'''Xingqiu:''' To [[Qingce Village]], you mean?
:'''Changsheng:''' Yes, we visit there every year during Lantern Rite to run a clinic. But this year, before the clinic had even started, they sent someone all the way here to ask for medical advice. The situation seems urgent.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' And then, the patient from [[Mondstadt]] who I just saw tells me he stopped off in Qingce Village during his journey... I can't help but wonder if there's some connection.
:'''Xingqiu:''' If I'm not mistaken, I do believe great-grandfather visited some friends in Qingce Village not too long ago. My father went with him.
:'''Changsheng:''' Aha. Just as we suspected...
:'''Xingqiu:''' What is it? I heard the rumors about a god's remains in Qingce... is that what's causing this?
:'''Chongyun:''' God's remains? Which one?
:'''Xingqiu:''' Well firstly, I read about this in a book I bought from a street vendor, so it's not the most credible source.
:'''Xingqiu:''' But the book told of a hidden palace in the Qingce mountain range called the "[[Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula]]." It is enchanted with the seven-and-eight-gates method, with which it suppressed countless evil spirits, the most revered of them being a god known as Tao Dou.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so... Tao Dou's remains!? That's what's causing this mystery illness?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 09.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Not to steal anyone's thunder, but while I do suspect a connection with Qingce Village, I highly doubt that god remains are the cause.
:'''Changsheng:''' That's right! The slightest trace of god remains, and Baizhu and I would surely have sensed them.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good point... Then what could be the true cause?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 10.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Master Xingqiu, I will head to Qingce Village to investigate further after Qiqi returns. Hopefully, I will have more answers after that.
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything I can do to help?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we're pros at gathering stuff. Just tell us where to go and we'll track down those herbs, no problem.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 11.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hehe, I am most grateful for the offer. I'll be sure to let you know if I need your assistance.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Thank you for everything, Dr. Baizhu.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 12.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Merely doing my duty.
:{{DIcon}} Well, you take care of yourself too, Baizhu.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 baizhu 13.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Don't worry about me. I am keenly aware of my limits.
:'''Xingqiu:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, it was good to see you. But now I must return home, and relay Dr. Baizhu's words to my family.
:'''Chongyun:''' I'll come with you. I wanna take another look at His Lordship's room.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Very well.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Bye, everyone. And don't worry about me, I'm doing fine.
:'''Xingqiu:''' In all honesty, I've never been as close with my great-grandfather as my father and grandfather. Given his age, he already wasn't speaking much by the time I was around.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, come on now. We get that you don't want us to worry, but there's no need to downplay it, alright? We should be supporting you here, not the other way around!
:'''Chongyun:''' Paimon's a lot smarter than I remember... I guess it's been a long time since we last met.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon's always been smart!
:'''Xingqiu:''' Haha... You know, recently, a phrase that Hu Tao always says has been on my mind a lot: "Live in life, die in death"...
:'''Xingqiu:''' But she must be exceptionally busy these days, as I've barely seen her at all. So how about we all go for meal together in a few days time, when everything's calmed down?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds great. I'm free whenever.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Then it's decided. See you in a few days.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though Baizhu ruled out god remains as the cause, Paimon still wants to get to the bottom of this Tao Dou business... It's a shame Keqing had to disappear before she could tell us more.
:{{DIcon}} Lan Yan seems quite knowledgeable about it too.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 13 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True... Then let's head back and ask her. Come on, Xiangling's waiting on us too.

;(Talk to Baizhu, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Something else I can help you with?
:{{DIcon}} About the god remains in Mt. Qingce...
:'''Changsheng:''' Still musing about that, hmm... I suppose you're remembering the events with [[Jiangli]] and [[Jialiang]] from last time? It did cross our minds as well.
:'''Changsheng:''' At the time, we assumed the god remains in question were the [[chi]] blood, but hearing what Master Xingqiu had to say has us second guessing ourselves. Perhaps it wasn't the chi after all, but Tao Dou...
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Either way, there's no trace of any god remains on His Lordship or Timaeus. There has to be another explanation for their symptoms.
:'''Changsheng:''' Yes. We'll just have to wait until Qiqi comes back.

;(Talk to Chef Mao or Xiangling, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 chefmao 01.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' What's on the menu, Xiangling?
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I'm thinking, my latest creation! You know the one: [[Drunken Plums in Snow]]!

;(Approach Scent of Spring)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Ah, you're back. Thanks again for helping me get Timaeus to the doctor &mdash; please, take this Mora as a small token of our gratitude.
:{{DIcon}} You shouldn't have... I barely lifted a finger.
:'''Timaeus:''' Well that's gotta be an understatement &mdash; I doubt you carried me all the way to Bubu Pharmacy by one finger! Honorary Knight, I can't thank you enough. Please, let us give you something for your efforts.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks you're misunderstanding what that phrase means, but okay...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You'll have to excuse him. I think his efforts to learn the local dialect have fried the language part of his brain.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, well no more studying for you! Go get some rest, doctor's orders! And if you take a turn for the worse, get back to Bubu Pharmacy right away.
:{{DIcon}} By the way, where did Lan Yan go?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Ah yes, I almost forgot to mention &mdash; she said she went to catch up with Director Hu. She told me to pass on the message.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so she left?
;(A flashback begins)
:'''Hu Tao:''' Ying'er, I'd like three&mdash; Oh! What's this? Is Scent of Spring under new management?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Haha, perish the thought! Ms. Ying'er had to run an errand, so I'm just watching the shop until she gets back.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Aha, I see. Well, Miss Temporary-New-Management, could I trouble you for three boxes of Red Dust Under Rolling Clouds?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Red Dust Under Rolling Clouds... I think that rings a bell. Not a scent the average young lady would choose though.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Correct. So you probably won't find it on the shelves. More likely hidden in a corner at the back somewhere. Would you mind digging it out?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Not at all. One moment...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 04.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Here, is this what you're looking for? If I'm not mistaken, it's used exclusively for ritual purposes.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Oh? A lady of culture, I see... That is not common knowledge.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 05.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Hehe. Let me wrap this up for you.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Wait, wait! I see it now! You're from the Lan lineage of Chenyu Vale, aren't you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 06.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Huh? How can you tell?
:'''Hu Tao:''' Your hairpiece. It's the Jade-Plumed Silverwing, one of the Three Immortals of Tao Dou. Hehe, am I right, or am I right?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 07.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' How did... Sorry, who are you?
:'''Hu Tao:''' Hehehe, let's just say I'm a fellow lady of culture. But alas, I'm in a rush today, so I'll have to say goodbye for now.
:'''Hu Tao:''' I hope we meet again soon, Miss Temporary-New-Management.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 08.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 09.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Grandpa was right, Liyue Harbor is full of hidden talents. I would never have expected the average perfume customer to be so knowledgeable...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Director Hu, I gotta say, that outfit looks really good on you.
:'''Hu Tao:''' Why thank you, Ms. Ying'er. I was just procuring some perfume from your fine establishment. Your temporary replacement provided a magnificent service.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 05.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Haha, that's good to hear.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 10.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Wait... Director Hu?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 06.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Hey, we're back. Thanks for watching the store, Madame Lan.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 11.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Ms. Ying'er, that person you spoke to just now... Who was that?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 07.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Hu Tao. Director Hu Tao, of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 12.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Huh? But I thought she wore the funeral parlor uniform with the Harmony Hexagram Hat?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 08.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' I guess she just changed into something more festive for the festival.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 13.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Shoot... I was face-to-face with her, and I had no idea...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 lanyan 14.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Sorry, Ms. Ying'er, something's come up. Please let the others know I had to leave.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 09.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Huh? What could possibly be so urgent...?
;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then she just ran off after Hu Tao? Weird...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe she'll be at the funeral parlor.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 10.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Are you going to look for her? If so, could you take this with you? I just found it in the store.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait... isn't this one of those rattan figures?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 11.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Whatever it is, we don't sell them. So I'm guessing Madame Lan left it here by accident.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, well she definitely makes these. Although, this one's pretty different from the ones she made for the street fair. Plus, it has a sigil on it for some reason...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 yinger 12.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Not the kind of thing you see every day, that's for sure. It could be important, so if it does belong to Madame Lan, I'd like to get it back to her as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 15 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then let's head to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor again. Whatever it's for, the sooner she gets it back, the better.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Rattan Toy}})
:;(Quest Reward {{Item|Mora|x=30,000}})<!-- Given by Ying'er -->

;(Talk to Timaeus or Ying'er, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You are gonna concentrate on resting and recovering for the next few days, you hear?
:'''Timaeus:''' Yes, Ma'am! What the lady wants, the lady gets.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Hehe, now there's a turn of phrase I could get used to.

;(Approach Wangsheng Funeral Parlor)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Miss Undertaker. Are Hu Tao and Madame Lan back yet?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 ferrylady 01.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Sorry, I'm afraid not.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? How strange. They were definitely heading this way... Maybe Hu Tao had another appointment. Any idea where we might find them?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 ferrylady 02.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' If it was anything business-related, I expect the director would have let me know. I was aware she had a meeting earlier today, for instance. But she doesn't keep me informed about her private affairs.
:{{DIcon}} So you're saying, Hu Tao is dealing with a private matter?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 ferrylady 03.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' It's possible. The director seems to have had a lot on her mind lately. In the past, she'd usually show up to work in the mid-morning, but recently she's been getting here before the sun's up. She said she's had trouble sleeping, and has been dreaming more than usual.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Trouble sleeping? ...Are we talking about the same Hu Tao here? That doesn't sound like her at all...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 ferrylady 04.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' You might want to talk to our consultant, Zhongli. He's closer to her than I am.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, good idea! How did we not think of that... So where can we find him? Probably sipping tea somewhere, right?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 ferrylady 05.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Hehe. He's just across the road on the second floor, watching an opera. If you listen carefully, you might be able to hear it...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Voice From Afar:''' <!-- (Translated) -->Through discordant tones and tragic fates...
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Paimon hears singing!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like Zhongli is the only one taking it easy today. Let's go say hi.

;(Approach Zhongli at [[Heyu Tea House]])
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' <!-- (Translated) -->...Swallows will return for a new nest!
:'''Zhongli:''' Remarkable, [[Yun Jin|Ms. Yun]]. You have breathed fresh life into an old classic and, I daresay, surpassed the original.
:{{Introductory Note|Zhongli}}
:'''Yun Jin:''' You flatter me, Mr. Zhongli. I'm just glad my voice held out &mdash; I'm a little out of practice...
:{{Introductory Note|Yun Jin}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 01.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Nonsense, Sir Yun!<ref group=Note>Actual voice-over: "Nonsense, Miss Yun!"</ref> You were as stunning as ever. And if that was you out of practice, well! The official Lantern Rite performance is sure to be truly sensational.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Zhongli, hey Yun Jin! How's it going?
:'''Yun Jin:''' Wow, {{Traveler}} and Paimon! What a lovely surprise!
:'''Zhongli:''' It's been too long, old friends. Are you here for the opera?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 02.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh dear, what a pity. I'm afraid you just missed today's performance... and Ms. Yun needs to rest her voice now, or she'll strain it.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Hehe, it's okay, Tea Master Liu &mdash; these two are good friends of mine. If they'd like to hear me sing, a few more minutes won't do me any harm.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, thanks Yun Jin! But hopefully you don't think we came here just to show up late and demand a private performance...
:'''Yun Jin:''' Oh, of course not, heh... I'm guessing you're here for Mr. Zhongli, then?
:'''Zhongli:''' Oh? And how might I be of assistance?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so... A friend of ours left something behind at a shop, we're trying to return it to her, and all we know is she's probably with Hu Tao. Any idea where Hu Tao might be?
:'''Zhongli:''' The Director is a free spirit who roams far and wide. She could be most anywhere.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, great... Well this is just fantastic...
:'''Yun Jin:''' Is it something important? The thing she left behind, I mean.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the thing &mdash; we don't know what it's for. But we wanna get it back to her as soon as possible, just in case she really needs it.
:{{DIcon}} (Show the rattan figure)
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 03.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh, goodness! THAT'S what you're trying to get back to her? But isn't that... a Pentad Rattan!?
:'''Yun Jin:''' Pentad Rattan...? So you recognize this?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 04.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Haven't you heard? The word on the street is that the patriarch of the Feiyun Commerce Guild has fallen gravely ill. They say his family found an ominous-looking rattan figure in his bedroom... and there was a Pentad Fortune Conveyance talisman on it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 05.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' That cursed thing must have been put there to steal his good fortune... it's destroying his health, wealth, and every other good thing in his life!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 06.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' And based on the description, your rattan figure looks suspiciously similar. It could even be the same one that... Ugh, get it away from me, I don't want that thing anywhere near me!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Relax, it's fine! This one definitely belongs to Madame Lan. Besides, we've had it on us this whole time, and nothing bad's happened to us yet!
:'''Yun Jin:''' Madame Lan? You mean, from the Chenyu Vale Artisans Association?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 07.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh, now that would explain a lot! The Lans of Chenyu Vale practice Qimen magic... This Pentad Fortune Conveyance business would be right up their alley!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 08.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' This leaves only one question unanswered. Namely... Why would the Lans of Chenyu Vale have a bone to pick with the Feiyun Commerce Guild?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uh, what? Will you listen to yourself? You can't seriously believe all that. You'd sooner convince Paimon that [[Rex Lapis]] was a [[slime]]...
:'''Zhongli:''' Heh, the latter is certainly the more compelling theory. [[Liu Su|Master Liu]], you appear to have been misinformed by these rumors, and also failed to notice the Guyan Sigil on this particular rattan figure.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 09.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh? Please enlighten me, Mr. Zhongli.
:'''Zhongli:''' This is the Sign of Vaisravana, one of the four main exorcism sigils. A most upstanding and auspicious sign, by no means cursed.
:'''Zhongli:''' As a matter of fact, a series of Fortune Coins bearing the exorcism sigils recently entered circulation in Liyue Harbor. I am somewhat surprised that you didn't recognize it, Master Liu.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 teamasterliusu 10.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh! ...Yes, yes, of course, I remember now. Thank you for jogging my memory, Mr. Zhongli! I am humbled by your superior erudition.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This makes way more sense than Madame Lan going around trying to curse people to death.
:'''Yun Jin:''' I guess the rattan figure they found in His Lordship's room must have been put there by someone in his family to bring good luck.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, there's a good chance Madame Lan also purposely left this behind to keep Timaeus safe and well.
:'''Zhongli:''' In all likelihood, yes.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew! Guess we don't need to find her so urgently after all. We were just worried that losing this might've ruined her plans.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that said... What did she need Hu Tao for, anyway? And what is Hu Tao up to that's keeping her so busy? Paimon has a bad feeling about it for some reason...
:{{DIcon}} Any ideas, Zhongli?
:'''Zhongli:''' The director's mind is a labyrinth I could not hope to comprehend. She probably has more things she has to think about than the rest of us combined.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are any of those thoughts the kind that might keep someone up at night?
:'''Zhongli:''' She has never mentioned that.
:'''Zhongli:''' But as the director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, she has a solemn duty to balance the forces of life and death in Liyue. I would be surprised, and even a little unsettled, if she were truly as carefree as she appears.
:'''Yun Jin:''' I agree. I've known Hu Tao for a while now, and for all her eccentricities, she takes pride in what she does. As her friends, we should just be there for her when she needs us.
:'''Zhongli:''' Indeed. The director's competence is the only reason I can afford to sit here enjoying a fine cup of tea and listening to the opera.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... having a competent boss isn't an excuse to slack off, you know!
:'''Yun Jin:''' Haha, I think Mr. Zhongli just means you should have faith in Hu Tao. There's no need to worry about her so much.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 17 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair point... Heh, somehow, seeing how calm Zhongli is about the whole thing does make Paimon feel much more at ease.
:'''Zhongli:''' You two ought to be out enjoying the festivities. The Lantern Rite only comes once a year, so make the most of it.
:'''Zhongli:''' ...If you're still worried, take this.
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:'''Zhongli:''' A Fortune Coin. It has recently become customary to give them as gifts, so in the spirit of the season, this is my gift to you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Zhongli actually left the house with cash!? Now THIS is a Lantern Rite to remember!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 teamasterliusu 01.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Goodness gracious! Mr. Zhongli, that looks like a very special coin you have there! Is that... one of the fabled Rex Coins!?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ..."Rex Coin"!?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 teamasterliusu 02.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Yes, look at the design on the face &mdash; it's quite different from the typical coins you see in circulation. It appears to be a symbol of Rex Lapis... There's no doubt about it: This is a Rex Coin, which means it once passed through the hands of the Lord of Geo himself!
:'''Zhongli:''' This is simply a curio I picked up from a street vendor, Master Liu. Almost certainly a replica. But I can introduce you to the vendor if you are interested.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 teamasterliusu 03.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh... So it's just a souvenir, then? I assumed it was a family heirloom of great value.
:'''Zhongli:''' Haha. {{Traveler}}, please take this. May it bring you comfort when your mind is troubled.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So it's an anti-anxiety coin? How is that supposed to work?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 teamasterliusu 04.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Aha, well, even if the coin itself is a replica, the symbol of Rex Lapis is still genuine. And if the symbol is real, so are its effects! So long as you have this coin, Rex Lapis will always be with you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 teamasterliusu 05.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Mr. Zhongli, would you mind showing me to the vendor from whom you acquired this coin? I wouldn't mind procuring a little of the Lord of Geo's good fortune for myself.
:'''Zhongli:''' Very well. The walk will do me good. Friends, may we meet again soon.
:'''Yun Jin:''' By the way, I'll be performing The Sanctification of Tao Dou on the day of the Lantern Rite. That's the one I was just practicing earlier. It's only a few days away now... I'd be honored if you could come and support me.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's what you were singing just now? Paimon definitely wants to hear the full thing. We'll be there!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We were actually learning about the Eight Adepts earlier, but we never found out who the Three Beasts of Tao Dou were.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Oh really? Well for starters, the Three Beasts of Tao Dou are also known as the Three Immortals of Tao Dou.
:'''Yun Jin:''' They were the Lone Butterfly of the Crimson Flame, the Jade-Plumed Silverwing, and the Gold-Eyed Celadon Mare. Three auspicious beasts, all with the power to take on human form.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! So they really weren't human, huh... Um, the Lone Butterfly sounds pretty self-explanatory, but what about the silverwing and celadon mare? What kind of creatures were they?
:'''Yun Jin:''' Silverwing was a swallow, and the Celadon Mare was a white horse. Legend holds that after purifying Tao Dou, Silverwing and Wind Reader went wandering together, but the white horse retreated into seclusion.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Have you ever read [[Moonlit Bamboo Forest]]? That story mentions a white horse that roamed the Qingce mountain range. A lot of people think she was the Gold-Eyed Celadon Mare.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, cool! So... what about the butterfly? What did they get up to?
:'''Yun Jin:''' The Lone Butterfly gave her life during the purification spell... She was the only one of the eight to sacrifice herself in this way.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Even though the eight had remarkable powers, purifying a god of Tao Dou's caliber was no mean feat. They had to resort to a secret art called the Seven-and-Eight-Gates Array.
:'''Yun Jin:''' The method involves obfuscating one of the gates so that evil can't escape. The Lone Butterfly was in charge of the gate that was chosen to be obfuscated, and so she disappeared from the world in the process.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw... That's so tragic...
:'''Yun Jin:''' But all was not lost. According to the legend, Old Man Wuwang, another one of the eight who looked up to her a lot, took up her mantle and kept her legacy alive.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Interesting... And then he taught that to the founders of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, right? Didn't they train under him?
:'''Yun Jin:''' Exactly. That's where it feels like fate came into play. After giving her life to restore order to the realm of the dead, some chance meetings ensured that future generations continued using her methods to guard the border between life and death.
:'''Yun Jin:''' So although she herself disappeared from the world, her mission to protect Liyue is still alive and well, thousands of years on. Anyway, that's basically the whole story of how the Eight Adepts purified Tao Dou.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now we finally have names for the full roster. Thanks, Yun Jin!
:'''Yun Jin:''' My pleasure. I haven't performed this opera in a long, long time, so I still have a fair bit of brushing up to do before I'm ready.
:{{DIcon}} Don't practice too much, or you'll tire your voice out.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Heh, thanks, I appreciate it. See you around.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hey guys! Are you finally done? I've been waiting forever!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh, Xiangling! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Tracking you guys down, obviously! You really made me work for it, too.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It's honestly a little rich that you're out here telling everyone else to take care of themselves and keep a good work-life balance when you are apparently too busy to eat!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Keep this up, and I'll have to drag you to the dinner table and force feed you my delicious cooking against your will!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Here we are, I present to you Chef Xiangling's newest creation: Drunken Plums in Snow. You must be starving, surely? Go on, dig in!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! This is so nice of you, Xiangling. Paimon hadn't noticed how hungry she had gotten, but smelling that food is making Paimon ravenous!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Sounds like you have a tough life, hey Paimon? Sometimes you feast, but sometimes {{Traveler}} lets you go hungry. You should ditch {{Traveler}} and hang with me from now on &mdash; you'll never go hungry again.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Now that is a tempting offer!
:{{DIcon}} At least I've never charged you for a single meal.
::{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 14a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That may be true, but you also pretty much never feed Paimon on time!
:{{DIcon}} Enjoy watching her eat your whole business into oblivion...
::{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 paimon 14b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh come on, it's only one extra customer!
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Haha, I was only kidding. I know Paimon loves to eat, but I think it'd take more than food to pry her away from your side.
:{{A|vo eqhdj401 18 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Anyway, enough about that &mdash; time for you guys to eat. Whatever your plans are after this, they'll go much better on a full stomach!
:;(Quest completes)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Zhongli: Rex Coin}} and {{Item|Auspicious Mora: "Splendid Bounty"}})

;(Talk to Zhongli or Liu Su at the wharf below Heyu Tea House, immediately northeast of [[Yaolu]], optional)<ref group=Note>Zhongli and Liu Su will disappear if the player moves sufficiently far away from the area they're in, initiates any loading screens (teleporting, closing and reopening the game, etc.), or passes time and starts the next quest.</ref>
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 teamasterliusu 01.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' So, Mr. Zhongli, where exactly is this vendor's stall?
:'''Zhongli:''' Gone, it seems. Perhaps they sold all their stock and moved on.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj401 teamasterliusu 02.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' ...You're not making this all up, are you?
:'''Zhongli:''' I wouldn't dream of it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = Lyu-gng Jiji Xng, Bq Xin Zhngl Yn
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = Lyu-gng Jiji Xng, Bq Xin Zhngl Yn
|zh_tl    = Festival Celebrates in Liyue Harbor, Eight Adepts Appear while Miasma Hides
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = Fukeru Riiywe no Kasetsu, Hakki Araware Shouki Kakuru
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       =    
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Liyue celebra y los Ocho Adeptos se enfrentan a una calamidad oculta
|es_tl    = Liyue Celebrates and the Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity
|fr       = Festivit  Liyue, calamit des huit adeptes
|fr_tl    = Festivity in Liyue, Calamity of the Eight Adepts
|ru       =   ,      
|ru_tl    = 
|th       =  Liyue   
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Liyue n Ngy L, Bt K Bng n Hin
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Liyue feiert und acht Adepten stellen sich einem verborgenen Unheil
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Perayaan Liyue, Delapan Sosok Sakti Menghadapi Bencana Tersembunyi
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Liyue Celebra e Oito Adeptos Enfrentam uma Calamidade Oculta
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Liyue enlii Kutluyor, Sekiz Adept Gizli Bir Felaketle Yzleiyor
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Celebrazioni a Liyue, gli Otto Adepti affrontano una calamit nascosta
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Liyue Celebra e Oito Adeptos Enfrentam uma Calamidade Oculta]]
[[ru:  ,      ]]
[[vi:Liyue n Ngy L, Bt K Bng n Hin]]