{{LoadingScreenTabs}}

==Allogravity-Condensed Water Body==
* A condensed water body that hovers in the air due to gravitational distortion. Pay special attention to its edges when diving in...

==Ancient Autoharmonic Music Box==
* An ancient music box that can automatically play music. It contains the mysterious power of the "Symphony."

==Arkhium==
* A mysterious yellow-green ore. It is said the potential hidden within has yet to be fully tapped...

==Capitolium==
* The center of the capital of [[Remuria]], which sunk into the depths. This was where [[Domus Aurea]] where the God King once dwelled was situated.

==City Reputation==
* After you have gained enough [[Reputation]], [[The Steambird]]'s Editor-in-Chief [[Euphrasie]] may be willing to share a few rare recipes with you.
* Once you have gained enough Reputation and earned the praise of The Steambird, some merchants and shops may be willing to give you discounts. Is this the power of the press?

==City Reputation: Bounties==
* The Steambird's Editor-in-Chief Euphrasie uses intelligence from [[Maison Gardiennage]] personnel and travelers to collect and collate information on dangerous monsters, out-of-control [[Clockwork Meka|meka]], and bandits, publishing the information along with bounties.<br>Earn her trust, and you will be able to read Fontaine's current Bounties, and use this method to increase your Reputation.

==City Reputation: Requests==
* The Steambird's Editor-in-Chief Euphrasie uses the paper's reputation and reach to collect requests from all citizens of Fontaine, and help connect them with capable helpers to solve their issues.<br>After earning Euphrasie's trust, you too will be such a capable helper, and can use this method to increase your Reputation in Fontaine.

==Cooking==
* The strongest scent in Fontaine is the smell of coffee, and the smell of coffee comes from [[Café Lucerne]].<br>The café also provides an open kitchen free for public use, so that anyone who wishes to try cooking may do so freely.

==Court of Fontaine==
* Amid the endless grinding of the gears of the law, the great lake atop the land embraces the steadily progressing City of Water.

==Credit Coupons==
* A currency only used in the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. It can be used to purchase anything except "freedom" and "life"...
* A currency only used in the Fortress of Meropide. It can make that which is unfair, fair.

==Elemental Sigils==
* Few people know that the true origin of throwing coins into the fountain comes from tossing [[Hydro Sigil]]s into the [[Fountain of Lucine]], which is in fact the correct way of making a wish to the fountain.
* Hydro Sigils are scattered throughout Fontaine, and are a small treasure often found while adventuring.<br>Toss them into the Fountain of Lucine on [[Erinnyes]], and the fountain may provide rewards in return.

==Energy Storage Device==
* Can power all kinds of devices, including research terminals and energy transfer terminals. Divided into fixed and portable types, with the latter being used widely for various needs due to the flexibility afforded by its convenience.

==Energy Transfer Terminal==
* Can collect and transfer energy from energy storage devices by placing them within the terminal's field of vision.

==Faded Castle==
* In the past, an order dwelled here, exploring the secrets of the spirit and fate.
* This castle was built by an ancient order known as the [[Golden Troupe (Faction)|Golden Troupe]].

==Fontaine==
* Due to an abundance of nutrition, or perhaps human interference, [[Contaminated Bacterial Mat]]s will sometimes appear.
* Due to their power sources being reliant on Fontaine's environment, despite the relative convenience different clockwork meka provide for work, life, adventuring, and less savory activities, they are rare in Fontaine's countryside.
* Energy blocks providing power via controlled [[pneuma]]-[[ousia]] annihilation reactions are naturally unstable. When producing large amounts of power, they may exhibit the characteristics of pneuma or ousia. At this time, external inputs can cause the energy block to overload.
* Ever since [[Alain Guillotin]] invented energy blocks over 400 years ago, the operations of most of Fontaine's clockwork meka have been powered via controlled pneuma-ousia annihilation reactions provided by those energy blocks.
* Fontaine's law enforcement service is known as the Maison Gardiennage, and they are responsible for public order and safety in Fontaine. They have a special branch known as the [[Special Security and Surveillance Patrol]].
* From a geographical perspective, the great lake lying atop Fontaine's terrestrial landmass is a "lake." However, Fontainians themselves often refer to it as a "sea."
* In Fontaine's public authority apparatus, the [[Melusine]] race is extremely active. Though they have few combat abilities, their investigative abilities are extremely reliable, and thus they are often employed by the Marechaussee Phantom.
* In research later to be abandoned, some once tried to power large machines using receiver nodes made from Condessence Crystal.<br>In their current state, in which their energy supply has lost effect, only the Ball Octopuses can power them.
* Most of the sunken ships present in Fontaine were once of the famous White Armada. Most of them were destroyed in the battle against the monstrous beasts several centuries ago. Even so, some of these ships possess automated cannonry that still works.
* Ordinary civilians often purchase combat meka for various purposes. Of course, such purchases are normally registered and recorded. Normally, at least.
* Please subscribe to The Steambird!
* Research into energy and motion already existed even in the times when the Lord-Artificer's clockwork meka were in their infancy, or perhaps even earlier. The deserted [[Morte Region]] still hosts many machines and other traces related to this research.
* Some people once tried to research and reproduce the [[Fontemer Aberrant]]s' mysterious abilities, and the equipment that remains from such experiments can still be found.
* Sometimes, the weakpoints of [[Fontemer Seagrass]] will flash with a special light. These nodes will regenerate quickly.
* Strange giant bubbles known as [[Dew Bubble]]s will sometimes appear. After bursting, they will release ripples that will cause reactions in many objects, such as the [[Harmonious Reed Pipe]]s.
* The Great Terrestrial Lake atop the waterfall, the source of all the Water Veins on the continent.
* The Harmonious Reed Pipes that can be found scattered throughout Fontaine seem to be relics of a past far more ancient than modern Fontaine.
* The [[Maison Ordalie]] manages Fontaine's judicial system, and the Chief Justice of Fontaine, known as the Iudex, is [[Neuvillette]].
* The Steambird, all the latest news in Fontaine, hot off the press!
* Within [[Elynas]]' interior, strange prisms may sometimes be found, and they will release energy in response to external stimuli.<br>Sometimes unactivated prisms need energy from other prisms before they can be activated and release energy.

==Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering==
* The largest clockwork meka research organization in Fontaine. Its work seems to have been suspended after an accident...

==Forging==
* Not only can the [[Beaumont Workshop]]'s Auto-Smith create reliable equipment, its manager, [[Estelle]], can also produce blueprints based on ancient weapons.<br>If you pick up extra materials during your travels, perhaps giving them to Estelle in return for those blueprints would be a good choice.

==Fortress of Meropide==
* An underwater stronghold that has a measure of autonomy and self-governance from Fontaine's legal systems.<br>This is where those who have stood trial and been sentenced are sent, and it is also the largest manufacturer of Fontaine's clockwork meka.
* Different people of different backgrounds come here for all kinds of different reasons. Here, they can live peaceful, regimented lives, free from fear &mdash; no matter what they've gone through.
* The lower levels of the [[Geode Mine Shaft]] contain many unusual ores...

=="Fortuna"==
* This means "fate" in the language of an ancient civilization that once dominated Fontaine.

==Golem==
* [[Praetorian Golem|A strange stone statue]] that can move and attack autonomously. It appears to be a relic of some ancient civilization.
* [[Remus]], attempting to defy fate, peeled spirits from humans and implanted them into golems.

==Great Terrestrial Lake==
* Bullet Barnacles are technically a type of "[[Fontemer Aberrant]]," and their natural enemy is the [[Armored Crab]].
* Fontaine's waters contain the power of life, and sometimes this power is concentrated, precipitating out of the water and forming a "Recovery Orb" which can help people recover their vitality.
* Fontemer Aberrants are a special kind of aquatic creature that has evolved within Fontaine's terrestrial lakes.
* Occasionally, massive underwater maelstroms can be found in Fontaine. These whirlpools are called "ocean currents" by underwater explorers. After entering an ocean current, the powerful current will sweep you along, and may take you someplace unexpected...
* The Ball Octopus's abilities have very broad applications. Several centuries ago, there were those who tried to replicate this ability to no obvious success.
* Those with [[Visions]], and perhaps a few very special individuals, can [[Diving|breathe and speak in the waters of the Great Terrestrial Lake of Fontaine]].

==Harmosts==
* In the Remurian era, these golem rulers governed the realm under their God King.<br>[[Boethius]] was one of these figures.

==Hydrogranum==
* A wondrous {{Not a Typo|hydro}} creature that appears only in places with abundant Hydro energy like the nation of Fontaine. When [[Hydrograna]] are concentrated together, they will become a Hydro Core.
* It is said that if you are traveling with a Hydrogranum, and are immersed in water, the number of Hydrogranum will increase...

=="Lord-Artificer"==
* [[Alain Guillotin]] is the founder of the [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering]], and is also the father of modern clockwork meka.<br>To this day, many clockwork meka are still based on his centuries-old designs.

==Machimos==
* The outer city of Remuria's capital, which fell into the ocean depths. Wrack and ruin are all that remain of the once-magnificent towers.

==Melusines==
* A fantastical race that inhabits Fontaine.
* A fantastical race that inhabits Fontaine.<br>They seem to originate from [[Merusea Village]], deep within Elynas.
* Melusines are extremely young as a race.
* Melusines are extremely young as a race.<br>A tragic battle once occurred within Elynas, and the Melusines were only born after this battle.

==Monsieur Os==
* A shining, talking cat that claims to be a spirit-keeper for an ancient realm.<br>This is in fact [[Cassiodor]], one who hails from ancient Remuria.

==Osse==
* A shining, talking cat that claims to be a spirit-keeper for an ancient realm.

=="Osse"==
* An ordinary cat.<br>It seems to be greatly loved by the townspeople of [[Petrichor]].

==Pankration==
* The most popular form of entertainment in the Fortress of Meropide.<br>As long as special conditions are met, whether Sternshield Crab or a clockwork meka, all can stand on the stage of the [[Pankration Ring]]...
* The most popular form of entertainment in the Fortress of Meropide.<br>Though the rules state that it is "Pankration," and thus is hand-to-hand combat, "using other handheld weapons to fight others" seems not to be considered a rule violation.

==Petrichor==
* A small Fontainian town located on an island beyond the Great Terrestrial Lake. The spirit of the arts flows strongly here.
* A small Fontainian town located on an island beyond the Great Terrestrial Lake.<br>Recently, a shadow has fallen over this peaceful town for reasons unknown...
* The purest water in all Teyvat may be found in Petrichor.

=="Phobos"==
* The great symphony of symphonies &mdash; an overarching term for the "Symphony" that was a combination of all melodies.
* The great symphony of symphonies &mdash; an overarching term for the "Symphony" that was a combination of all melodies.<br>It once was the coalescence of mighty dreams, but would eventually bring doom to an ancient civilization.

==Pneuma and Ousia==
* Due to Fontaine's special geography, during your adventures, you may come across naturally occurring or artificial pneuma and ousia energy blocks. They can be used to obtain the associated pneuma or ousia properties.
* Fontaine's atmosphere, Water Veins, and land all contain the special energies known as "Pneuma" and "Ousia."
* Pneuma and Ousia themselves do not provide energy, but when these two different properties come into contact, an annihilation reaction occurs, creating a large amount of energy.

==Rag and Bone Shop==
* The most well-stocked non-official merchandise store in the Fortress of Meropide.<br>As long as you've got [[Credit Coupons]], you'll be able to purchase all manner of items, whether it be Hydro Phantasm Taint-B-Gone or support items for use in the Pankration ring.

==Remuria==
* For reasons unknown, this realm fell into the depths of the ocean.
* Under the rule of the God King Remus, Remuria once created a great and glorious civilization.

==Scylla==
* A prince who once ruled over countless Dragonborn.<br>Awakened from a lengthy slumber after gaining a new body.
* A prince who once ruled over countless Dragonborn.<br>Now, his spirit lies imprisoned within a stone gaol.
* [[Scylla]] can summon high-speed currents.<br>Use these currents to travel quickly to places in the deep sea where you'd like to go.

==Sea of Bygone Eras==
* A once-glorious capital fell into the depths of this segment of the ocean.
* The deep seas brim with ancient melodies. As such, many flora and fauna can be affected by the power of the "Symphony."
* The deep seas play host to creatures that, astonishingly, feed off the energies of the "Symphony."
* This water body was once part of the Great Terrestrial Lake, but it collapsed and fell a long time ago.

==Source of All Waters==
* In the embrace of the ancient waters,<br>may you find enlightenment.
* With the blessings of Transoceanic Sourcewater, you can explore the Great Terrestrial Lake of Fontaine unobstructed.
* With the blessings of Transoceanic Sourcewater, you can temporarily absorb the powers of [[Xenochromatic Creature|Xenochromatic Fontemer Aberrants]], claiming them for your own.
* With the blessings of Transoceanic Sourcewater, your movements underwater will not consume stamina, but "Aquatic Stamina."

==Stabilizer==
* A device that seems stable, but is in fact not. You must hit the device when the circle passes through the check zone to stabilize it.

==The "Symphony"==
* An enigmatic power left behind by an ancient realm that now lies beneath the waves.<br>Use the power of the "Symphony" adeptly to affect certain mechanisms and creatures that are powered by music.
* This melody was initially developed by Remus, the God King who ruled Remuria in the past, due to certain reasons.

==Transformed "Allogravity-Condensed Water Body"==
* An "[[Allogravity-Condensed Water Body]]" that has been transformed by energy flows. For safety reasons, it's best not to stay in contact with one for long periods...

==Washer Octopus==
* A type of creature that has formed a marvelous symbiosis with the conches left behind by an ancient civilization.<br>They constantly play ancient music, and are sensitive to the melodies of the "Symphony."

==Welfare Meals==
* A fortune slip included with Welfare Meals. The words written on them have been collected from a variety of different sources, and reflect an equally great range of perspectives and aspirations.
* A meal offered by the Fortress of Meropide's [[Coupon Cafeteria]]. Since it's free, it comes with a few risks and surprises.
* Aside from Supervisor [[Wolsey]], [[Bran]], the clockwork meka who distributes the Welfare Meals, is the only official employee of the Coupon Cafeteria.

[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[es:Pantalla de carga/Fontaine]]
[[ja:ロード画面/フォンテーヌ]]
[[vi:Màn Hình Chờ/Fontaine]]