{{LoadingScreenTabs}}

==Adventure==
* While traveling with [[Electrograna]], you can use the [[Thunder Sphere]] to pass through dimensions in a flash.

==Bathysmal Vishap==
* The [[Bathysmal Vishap]]s were once the overlords of this place, but they were ultimately chased into the darkness by the Dainichi Mikoshi.<br>Finally, they were utterly defeated by Watatsumi Omikami.

==Bloodbranch Coral==
* An object that is vital to the conduct of the Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri in the Sangonomiya Shrine. It can only be found in Enkanomiya.<br>This is a crystallization of Watatsumi Omikami's power and can be used to awaken the Sangacorallia.

==City Reputation==
* Once you have gained enough Reputation and won the trust of [[Inazuma]]ns, some merchants and restaurants may be willing to give you discounts.
* Once you have gained enough Reputation, the [[Yashiro Commission]]'s [[Madarame Hyakubei]] may be willing to share rare recipes with you.

==City Reputation: Bounties==
* Dangerous monsters will sometimes appear in certain places in [[Inazuma]]. The Yashiro Commission's [[Madarame Hyakubei]] will collect information on such creatures and issue bounties on them. Once your Reputation reaches a certain level, you can view the list of monster bounties.

==City Reputation: Requests==
* The [[Yashiro Commission]]'s [[Madarame Hyakubei]] will listen to the problems of the [[Inazuma]]'s locals and try to provide help. Once your Reputation reaches a certain level, you can view the requests of Inazuma's people. Resolving these problems is the best way to win his respect as well as increase your Reputation in Inazuma.

==Cook==
* [[Shimura's]], run by [[Shimura Kanbei]], is one of [[Inazuma]]'s most popular restaurants. Not only does it serve take-out orders, it also sells [[:Category:Cooking Ingredients|cooking ingredients]].

==Day and Night Cycles==
* Although [[Enkanomiya]] only has [[Whitenight]] and [[Evernight]], its people still speak of a day and night cycle.<br>If you should encounter any difficulties, perhaps a switch between these states might help light the way.

==Electrograna==
* By taking good care of the [[Electrograna]], a bond could be formed with the Adventurer, allowing them to attack enemies together...
* Fantastic creatures that spring out of the [[Thunder Sakura Bough]] that possess wonderful powers, which may come in handy for travelers or adventurers favored by [[Inazuma]].
* Offer [[Electro Sigil]]s collected in your journey to the [[Sacred Sakura]] tree at the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] to receive its blessing. The Electrograna, connected to it in a mysterious way, will also unleash an even greater power.

==Elemental Sigils==
* Hidden all over the islands in [[Inazuma]] are a large amount of [[Electro Sigil]]s, meant to reward those who have completed challenges and discovered treasures. When an Electro Sigil is offered to the [[Sacred Sakura]] at the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], you may receive [[Sacred Sakura's Favor|its blessing]]...

==Enkanomiya==
* Enkanomiya is cut off from the sun's light. As such, there is no distinction between day and night here.<br>Instead, they had the distinction between Whitenight and Evernight.
* Once Enkanomiya was connected to the surface world, they began to learn the culture of Narukami.<br>This was meant to whitewash and erase all traces of their own ancient civilization.
* Once upon a time, [[Enkanomiya]] was known as "Byakuyakoku."

==Fatui==
* {{Sic|A}} organization from [[Snezhnaya]]. It seems to be planning something against [[Tatarasuna]]...

==Fishing==
* [[Kujirai Momiji]] claims to be a successor to the Kujirai Fishing Method, and is more taken than most with matters of fishing.<br>If you, too, share her passion, you might obtain some precious items from her.

==Forge==
* The [[Amenoma Art]] has a rich heritage of the forging art in [[Inazuma]] and remains active today in the city through [[Amenoma Smithy]]. Feel assured to offer ores collected in journey to [[Amenoma Tougo]] and his disciple [[Hajime]].

==Grand Narukami Shrine==
* Here's how to draw a [[Fortune Slip]]: shake the Fortune Slip Box and take out a [[Bamboo Slip]]. Then hand the Bamboo Slip to the shrine maiden to obtain the Fortune Slip.
* The largest shrine in [[Inazuma]]. Standing inside, the [[Sacred Sakura]] is happy to receive [[Electro Sigil]]s offered by the [[Traveler]] and will reciprocate with all kinds of blessings.
* You can find out about your fortune by drawing Fortune Slips at the Grand Narukami Shrine. But at the end of the day, your so-called destiny is still controlled by you...
* You can find out about your fortune by drawing Fortune Slips at the Grand Narukami Shrine. If you are unlucky enough to draw a bad fortune, you can tie it to the Fortune Slip Hanger to try to change your luck...

==Inazuma==
* A long time ago, a king of [[bake-danuki]] known as [[Ioroi]] once existed in [[Inazuma]]. Time passed and he was supposedly sealed up for wreaking havoc.
* A long, long time ago, there was once a [[Kitsune Saiguu]] who guarded the [[Narukami Island]]...
* A ritual known as the [[Sacred Sakura]] Cleansing Ritual has been passed down to cleanse the miasma.
* An island nation in the ocean.<br>Formed by a group of islands including [[Narukami Island|Narukami]], [[Ritou]], [[Kannazuka]], [[Yashiori Island|Yashiori]] and [[Watatsumi Island|Watatsumi]]. Each of them has unique landscapes as well as marks left behind by either the [[gods]] or mankind.
* Dangerous regions with high concentrations of Electro are known as [[Balethunder]] zones. Use the special traits of [[Electrograna]] to resist its damage.
* In [[Hanamizaka]], there is a shop called [[Naganohara Fireworks]] that specializes in making fireworks.
* In Inazuma, there is a phenomenon called "[[Tatarigami]]," which is capable of wreaking all kinds of havoc.
* Naganohara Fireworks supposedly has an interesting tradition. It will provide a special piece of paper to customers who order fireworks to commemorate certain events.
* The Nation of Eternity, ruled over by the [[Raiden Shogun]].
* There is a publishing house and bookstore known as the [[Yae Publishing House]] in [[Inazuma City]].<br>Its primary wares are known as "light novels."
* Those who opposed the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] that is currently in effect have formed the [[Watatsumi Army|resistance]].

==Inazuma City==
* A city ruled over by the [[Raiden Shogun]]. Vitality is always unwaveringly emanating from it.

==Kamera==
* A machine that can record images.<br>Seems like someone is trying to use this device to create a new form of culture...

==Kamuijima Cannon==
* An extraordinary cannon that requires special ammunition for firing. You may be able to get around this restriction by using [[Electro]].

==Key Sigils==
* Each [[Key Sigil]] has a keyhole it strictly corresponds to. You must make that the two match up!
* The old symbols of the Watatsumi people have been broken up to form different key symbols, also known as "Key Sigils."<br>After returning to the surface, they would combine these images together once more to form the Sangonomiya clan emblem.

==Memento Lens==
* A mysterious device that can bring back scenes from the past. Legend has it that it came from [[Kitsune Saiguu]]. As such, you can use it as a medium to observe small [[Earth Kitsune Statue]]s to make things reappear...

==Onikabuto==
* Even the gentlest Onikabuto won't let anything get in their way once they start fighting!

==Plane of Euthymia==
* This is the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Plane of Euthymia|personal realm]] conjured up from her own will.

==Seirai Island==
* [[Neko]] of the [[Asase Shrine]] still waits for the return of "[[Asase Hibiki|Hibiki]]."
* Neko of the Asase Shrine will name kittens based off "things" that she believes are good.
* The head priestess of the Asase Shrine is "Hibiki."<br>Neko is just her proxy, taking care of the place while she is away.
* There lives a cat named Neko at the Asase Shrine.<br>She claims to be the "Provisional Head Priestess."
* This island is perennially shrouded in [[Balethunder|storms]], with [[Amakumo Peak]] at its heart.<br>Only the Asase Shrine is not at the mercy of the thundering clouds.
* This island used to be home to its own settlements and culture.<br>Later, they would all migrate to Narukami Island.

==Shuumatsuban==
* A [[Shuumatsuban|mysterious organization]] under the [[Yashiro Commission]].

==Sinshades==
* A ley line phenomenon unique to Enkanomiya that only appears during Evernight.<br>Whenever the "[[God of Moments]]" looks upon someone at some point with favor, their feelings and memories will forever remain in this world.

==Special Temari==
* While taking on adventures in Inazuma, you may run into the [[Kid Kujirai|children]] of the [[Kujirai Clan|Kujirai family]]. Their [[Temari]] Game has very special rules, and they are willing to lend the Temari to adults with a playful heart.

==Sunfire Phantasms==
* A disturbance in the air that can be seen whether it be night or day.<br>Generally speaking, you can discover hidden things by switching between day and night.

==Tatarasuna==
* The largest smelting facility in Inazuma. For various reasons, production has been suspended for the time being.
* The largest smelting facility in Inazuma. The Mikage Furnace was built here to exploit the energy of Tatarigami.

=="The Rule of Three"==
* "Good omens must occur three times for good fortune to truly descend, and you must forge past obstacles three times to succeed on the fourth."

==Thunderbird==
* The [[Thunderbird]] once had the name "Kanna Kapatcir," which means "Great Eagle of the Storm."
* The Thunderbird that destroyed [[Tsurumi Island]] would itself be vanquished on [[Amakumo Peak]].<br>[[Seirai Island]]'s [[Asase Shrine]] was built to contain the [[Thunder Manifestation|remnants]] of its power.

==Tsurumi Island==
* From the murals on this island, one can tell that this place must have played host to an even older civilization long before the one known to have existed on [[Tsurumi Island]].
* In the ancient past, Tsurumi Island once also played host to its own unique civilization.
* The ancient people of Tsurumi Island would initiate some ceremonies based on their faith in the [[Thunderbird]].
* The civilization that once dwelt within the fog was ultimately wiped out by the Thunderbird.
* The enigmatic [[Ishine Script]] is passed down through the priestly line of Tsurumi.
* The names of Tsurumi locals and their names for places can seem strange to the modern ear.<br>This is because their nomenclature was derived from Ishine Script, the knowledge of which was passed through their priestly line.
* The people of Tsurumi Island believe that the souls of those who depart from the fog will be lost.
* The people of Tsurumi Island believe that the Thunderbird is their guardian.
* Though the island itself may have been destroyed, the bloodline of its people persists to this day.

==Watatsumi Island==
* According to legends told by [[Inazuma]]n sailors, there was once a race of sea beasts that were fierce but surprisingly akin to humanity known as the [[Umibouzu]].<br>Today, these sea beasts are very rare indeed.
* It is said that the origin of the [[Watatsumi Island|Watatsumi]] people is [[Enkanomiya]], deep in the ocean depths beneath Watatsumi Island.
* Legend has it that those who wish to reach Enkanomiya in the deep must first obtain a certain key in order to open the gateway.
* Sangonomiya is the shrine of Watatsumi's people.<br>Its honored [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Divine Priestesses]] have led Watatsumi and Sangonomiya for generations.

==Yashiori Island==
* The [[Electro Archon]] once used her [[Musou no Hitotachi]] to leave a deep scar upon this island.

==Yashiro Commission==
* The [[Kamisato Clan]] oversees one branch of the [[Inazuma]] [[Tri-Commission]]. Among the clan members is the highly reputable [[Kamisato Ayaka|Shirasagi Himegimi]].

[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[es:Pantalla de carga/Inazuma]]
[[ja:ロード画面/稲妻]]
[[vi:Màn Hình Chờ/Inazuma]]