{{LoadingScreenTabs}}

==A Message for "You"==
* We will meet again.
* As dark as night is, the stars still shine and the sun will still rise. Death longs to dominate all, but life will not fade.
* No matter how dark the sky and land may get, as long as your spirit emits warmth like a golden sun, there will always be hope.

==Aaru Village==
* The [[Aaru Village|small village]] to the west of the [[Wall of Samiel]] is the only way to get to the deep part of the Great Red Sand. The people of the desert have been living in harsh conditions for many years.

==Akasha==
* The legacy of [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]. Thanks to the efforts of the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]], it has now become a vault in which knowledge may be collected.
* The [[Akasha Terminal]] is a device that was developed and spread by the Akademiya. Anyone can use it to access the Akasha and search for the knowledge they might need.<br>However, the Akasha will not unconditionally answer all of one's questions...

==Amrita==
* The remains of an [[Egeria|ancient water god]] engendered the nourishment of life instead of ruination.

==Aranara==
* Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's creations. Like Nara, they are the people of the forest.
* It is said that a Nara who helps many [[Aranara]] fulfill their wishes can gain rich rewards from the owner of the "treasure chest"...
* You can meet Aranara anywhere in the forest.<br>Some of them will need a little help, and others are just waiting for an opportunity to play with someone.
* Somewhere in [[Vanarana (Subarea)|Vanarana]], you can pick up a picture that appears like a postcard.<br>Well, don't places depicted in pictures usually contain treasure...?
* Vana will not forget, but it may not be so with Nara...<br>That is why Aranara leave "memories that can be seen" behind for Nara.
* The forest dwellers of Sumeru's folktales, the guardian spirits of the woods.<br>Perhaps they are nothing but fiction.
* Not merely the forest dwellers of Sumeru's folktales or the guardian spirits of the woods.
* A mysterious race who calls Vanarana home. They look quite a bit like vegetables.
* Nara seems to mean "human."<br>Even if they know a human's name, the Aranara will append "Nara" as a prefix to it.
* The familiars of the Dendro Archon and defenders of the woodland. They are also the mediators between humans and trees, and they have powers that are related to dreams.<br>They may be fictional, however.
* The familiars of the Dendro Archon and defenders of the woodland. They are also the mediators between humans and trees, and they have powers that are related to dreams.
* Every Aranara has their own tune.<br>Every tune is unique.
* [[Ararakalari]] refers to Aranara abilities, and they seem to have many mysterious powers.
* Ararakalari refers to Aranara abilities, and they seem to have many mysterious powers.<br>They are powered by Aranara "memories."
* They will give small flowers to people.
* They will give small flowers to people.<br>These flowers are a sign of the Aranara's precious friendship.
* They usually dwell within dreams, in which there is neither night nor day, and as such have a slightly foggy sense of time.
* They do not have genders or any concept of family in the normal sense.<br>However, some Aranara have gained this knowledge due to prior contact with humans.
* They do not need to eat in the way that other creatures usually need to.<br>However, their contact with humans has inspired some Aranara to pursue the culinary arts.
* The spread of a [[The Withering|terrible calamity]] caused them to lose their [[Old Vanarana|home]].
* One day, all people must grow up and tread different paths.<br>Still, friendship and the blessings of youth should not be forsaken lightly.
* The Dendro Archon's creations. Like Nara, they are the people of the forest.

==Azosite==
* A mysterious energy-emitting substance that the [[Khaenri'ah]]ns refined from [[Ley Lines]].<br>It can even activate and power mountain-sized mechanisms.

==Benben==
* [[Benben|It]] appears to be a special type of [[Primal Construct]], unable to speak, but nevertheless capable of expressing emotions.

==Canned Knowledge==
* The vessel that Sumeru uses for knowledge and information.<br>An Akasha Terminal can be used to extract its contents.
* The Akademiya has forbidden the private ownership or exchange of [[Canned Knowledge]], but it seems that some items of this sort have entered the black market anyway...

==Cleansing Pilgrimage==
* Instead of cleansing the defilement, it may be more accurate to say the filth has just been passed onto the [[Egeria|Lord of Amrita]].

==Cooking==
* [[Lambad]] offers take-out services due to his usual clientele being sailors and sellswords.<br>He also sells food ingredients.

==Corps of Thirty==
* One of the oldest [[The Eremites|Eremite]] factions, this [[Corps of Thirty|group]] is named for its 30 founders.<br>At this time, the Corps of Thirty is employed by the Akademiya and is largely in charge of [[Sumeru City]]'s defense.
* As the most prestigious Eremite force in Sumeru, the Corps of Thirty also often mediates between different Eremite caravans, resolving various conflicts between them.

==Debris of Panjvahe==
* The [[Debris of Panjvahe|oases]] once vast and prosperous thousands of years ago have degenerated into a rugged desert and a barren valley. This place is now a refuge for many birds and animals, and occasionally, some merchants or bandits will come here to rest as well.

==Defiled Chamber==
* A mind-space created from a dead god's awareness. Here, Spenta Hearts are bound in the same realm as the defilement.

==Dendrograna==
* You will sometimes encounter special branches in Sumeru that can summon [[Dendrograna]].<br>These Dendrograna will aid those whom they favor.
* The Dendrograna will help characters attack.<br>In Sumeru, the Ley Lines, elements, and other unique principles have resulted in puzzles that can only be solved using Dendrograna.
* The key to dispelling the Withering.

==Desert of Hadramaveth==
* The desert area located in the north of Sumeru. Surrounding the towering [[Mt. Damavand]], there are countless complex and crumbling gullies and canyons spreading in all directions.
* Between canyons of the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]], there are often camps of wandering tribes and desert bandits.<br>They tend to emerge and vanish with sandstorms, so few caravans are willing to visit this desert.
* According to the legends of some wandering tribes, the huge city [[Gurabad]] that was destroyed overnight is hiding somewhere in this exact desert...
* Many location names in this desert, such as "Panjvahe" and "Moonblue Canals," all come from the distant verdant memories of desert refugees...

==Eleazar==
* An [[Eleazar|ancient affliction]] singular to Sumeru.<br>It is named for the dark, hardened scales that form on the bodies of those suffering from its effects.
* An ancient affliction singular to Sumeru.<br>It is named for the dark, hardened scales that form on the bodies of those suffering from its effects.<br>It is said that [[Dar al-Shifa]] was founded for the treatment of patients unfortunate enough to have the disease.

==Eye of the Sands==
* The [[Abdju Pit|great sinkhole]] deep in the desert seems to have some power preventing the curious from going deeper.

==Fatui==
* The power of [[King Deshret]] has also attracted the interest of the [[Fatui]], and they can be found within desert ruins.

==Festival Utsava==
* A festival that Nara and Aranara celebrate together.<br>That said, it does not seem to be a time to just kick back and relax...
* A festival that Nara and Aranara celebrate together.<br>This is one of the keys to obtaining the [[Bija]].
* A festival that Nara and Aranara celebrate together.

==Forging==
* [[Ahangar]]'s skills have earned him an excellent reputation amongst the Eremite mercenaries.<br>Any billets or ore you find on your travels are in safe hands with him.

==Gandharva Ville==
* This [[Gandharva Ville|place]] was originally built by scholars from Sumeru as a place to rest in the rainforest. It would eventually be developed into a small village that is mainly used by the Forest Rangers as a base of operations.

==Golden Rose==
* [[Affan]] carefully cultivates seeds, but they look like stones.
* "Songs shall defy my fate, overcome my destiny."<br>"They will surpass me, surpass time. They will surpass the ever-lasting withering of life."

==Gray Crystals==
* A crystal formed from residue of Abyssal defilement.<br>It will dissolve upon contact with [[Khvarena]].

==Great Red Sand==
* The vast desert in the western part of Sumeru is known as the Great Red Sand.
* The Great Red Sand is named for the color of the desert in the sunset, according to some researchers. They claim that it came from ancient beliefs that will soon be forgotten.
* The desert is dotted with oases that provide fresh water and shelter for those who go deep into the desert.
* Beneath the clouds of yellow sand, the vast remains of a god lay hidden.
* Beneath the clouds of yellow sand, the vast ruins of King Deshret lay hidden. Many researchers are fascinated by the remnant records from the ruins...
* The desert is littered with the remains of a lost civilization, like scattered columns.
* The rocks on the eastern edge of the Great Red Sand have been eroded into strange shapes by sandstorms, so it is called the Windward Erosion.
* The people of the desert worship the sun. Thus, the land in the direction of the sun at noon is called [[Land of Upper Setekh]].
* Many researchers' desert expeditions have been fruitless because they have been unable to get the ruin machinery to work again.
* Many researchers' desert expeditions have been fruitless because they have been unable to get the ruin machinery to work again. It seems to require a special kind of power to work the system.

==Great Songs of Khvarena==
* Contain the might of the Khvarena.<br>However, they don't seem to possess any self-awareness...

==Hangeh Afrasiyab==
* A ruined Khaenri'ahn workshop.<br>One imagines that it might have other titles in their language.

==Harvisptokhm==
* An [[Harvisptokhm|ancient tree]] infested with defilement from the Sign. One can find within the tree the remnants of a [[Egeria|long deceased god]].
* A great tree that calls upon timely rains to purify all defilement across the land. One can find within the tree the remnants of a long deceased god.

==Illusions==
* A [[Mysterious Mural|mirage]] that dissipates when approached... Murals that only show their face at night... The seemingly transparent but impenetrable wall...<br>In the desert, appearances can be deceiving.

==Irminsul==
* [[Irminsul]] lies deep within the bowels of [[Teyvat]], and stores all the "knowledge" and "memories" in the world.<br>It is said that the Dendro Archon's wisdom, too, comes from Irminsul.
* Although this is not a tree in the biological sense, the Ley Lines do indeed function like Irminsul's roots, constantly absorbing the memories of this world...

==Jinn==
* The master does not choose the [[Jinn]].<br>The Jinn chooses its master.
* They used to be family to the [[Lord of Flowers]].<br>After the death of their mistress, they were sealed into a silver vase by King Deshret for committing the crime of arrogance. But a few were pardoned and became messengers between King Deshret and the mortals.
* After King Deshret retired, many Jinn were active in the history of the mortals...
* If there are no restrictive facilities made with special materials, the energy radiated by a Jinni will change the surrounding environment and drastically promote the growth of plants.
* It is believed that the great Jinni [[Ferigees]], who voluntarily destroyed herself to protect the city of Gurabad in ancient legends, is still slumbering in the depths of Mt. Damavand...
* The great Jinni Ferigees, who voluntarily destroyed herself to protect the city of Gurabad in ancient legends, has now fully dissipated, like the inevitable ending of the [[Orchard of Pairidaeza]].

==Khaj-Nisut==
* It is said that the wisdom of King Deshret can be obtained from his throne.
* "Sleep, close your eyes. Yon golden slumber summons thee, wandering sand. Drink not that bitter salt water, for the sorrows of tomorrow have gone away."

==Khvarena==
* The Khvarena that protects the land has the power to purify the defilement.

==Korybantes==
* Mysterious [[Korybantes|drums]]. According to legends, these instruments were meant to symbolize the union between the [[Order of Skeptics]] and the [[Pari]].
* Mysterious drums. According to legends, these instruments were meant to symbolize the union between the Order of Skeptics and the Pari.<br>However, it seems that the Order might have gotten something wrong.

==Kusava==
* Both seed and fruit.<br>The memories and power of Aranara are contained within, and can be released by dint of unbreakable friendship.

==Mawtiyima==
* An energy form created by the ancient dreams and memories of the forest. It maintains the survival of the forest and counteracts the corruption of The Withering. It seems to be able to communicate with the Aranara.
* In the ancient tongue, this once meant "human death."

==Mechanism Guards==
* These [[Primal Construct]]s have been modified by the civilization of Gurabad, with their cores implanted with mindless Jinn fragments to better obey orders from the mortals.

==Mt. Damavand==
* In the lost language of the desert dwellers, "[[Mt. Damavand]]" means "the mountain from which smoke and ash arise."
* There is a never-ending sandstorm hovering over the hollow mountain of Mt. Damavand, and the wandering tribes in the desert believe that the Eternal Oasis is hiding right within it.
* Beneath Mt. Damavand are ancient palaces and intricate pipelines... And among them are buried the age-old dreams of the gods and their servants.

==Nara Varuna==
* A [[Traveler's Sibling|mysterious person]] who has a place within the memories of many Aranara.

==Nasuraia==
* A title granted to the leader of the Order of the Skeptics. It means something akin to "one who has epiphanies."

==Nirodha Fruit==
* The juices of this magical fruit are infused with the power of [[Amrita]].<br>If you can gather this fruit and use it in a throw, you may utilize the power contained within it.

==Order of Skeptics==
* A mysterious order that dwells in the depths of the desert.<br>The Akademiya calls them the Nagarjunites.
* A mysterious order that dwells in the depths of the desert. Inheritors of an ancient heroic order.<br>The Akademiya calls them the Nagarjunites.

==Pari==
* The Pari stand charged with the duty to purify the Abyssal defilement infesting the land.
* So long as the Khvarena and the Amrita continue to flow, the Pari shall last endlessly through the cycles of life.
* According to the legends of the Pari, they are born to three mothers: [[Egeria|Amrita]], [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|verdure]], and [[Nabu Malikata|flora]].
* The Pari can direct the power of Khvarena and activate mechanisms that contain special energies.

==Plinth of the Secret Rites==
* The mechanisms in the ruins of King Deshret, are able to identify if the visitor has enough "clearance."

==Port Ormos==
* The thriving port in Sumeru's south. They say that people who walk paths both light and dark meet here, and that it teems with all manner of information...

==Primal Construct==
* King Deshret's Guardians performed long-forgotten duties day and night to drive away uninvited guests from entering the ruins.
* According to researchers, the Primal Constructs operate on a principle and source of energy similar to various mysterious mechanisms in the desert.

==Primal Ember==
* There are energy aggregates scattered in the ruins of King Deshret, that when channeled into a Primal Torch, the Primal Ember provides a source of energy for the dormant mechanisms.

==Primal Obelisk==
* A landmark of King Deshret's civilization, researchers speculate that the stone tablets were originally made to chronicle important historical events.

==Replicator Keystone==
* On the floor where the illusions of various mechanisms are projected, there may be a way to reveal the illusions.

==Rite of Chinvat==
* For reasons unknown, the [[Tunigi Hollow]] and the [[The Sign of Apaosha|Sign]] in the sky are joined. A pathway can be opened through a special rite.

==Ruin Golem==
* An ancient [[Ruin Golem|war machine]] that is as tall as a mountain. They say that it was once piloted by humans known as the [[Schwanenritter]].
* During an ancient war, there was a weapon as tall as a mountain. Today, its system can still be used as normal, and its attack is powerful enough to break apart mountains.
* An ancient war machine that is as steady as a boulder. They say that it was once piloted by humans known as the Schwanenritter.

==Sabzeruz Festival==
* A [[Sabzeruz Festival|festival]] celebrating the birth of the Dendro Archon. It was originally derived from the legend of "the Goddess of Flowers dancing to honor the Dendro Archon's advent."
* In its earliest form, this festival celebrated the birth of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. Nowadays, however, it marks the birthday of Lesser Lord Kusanali.
* A festival established to celebrate the birth of [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]].

==Safhe Shatranj==
* This square was named [[Safhe Shatranj]] by the ancient residents of this land, but this once-august place was not the strategic chessboard of some reclusive god, but home to an [[Ormazd|arrogant mortal king]]'s schemes.
* The Chess Pieces on the chessboard all have the function of guiding and teleporting. But they can only be triggered by those with Jinn fragments or powers.

==Scarlet Sand Slate==
* The subject of [[Vahumana]] researcher [[Tirzad|Tirzad Hindi]]'s research seems to be the key to accessing the various ruins in the desert.
* The mysterious stone slate kept by Vahumana researcher Tirzad has the "power" to control the mechanisms of the ruins.
* The mysterious slate left by the civilization that believed in King Deshret has the Clearance to operate many mechanisms in the ruins.

==Scions of the Khvarena==
* Thanks to the nourishment of the Amrita, the Khvarena split apart to manifest countless forms. Some can find themselves dwelling within individual humans, while others might develop an awareness of their own...

==Sumeru==
* In Sumeru, there are creatures that can transform in response to external elemental stimuli. These unique plants and mushrooms are known as "Tri-Lakshana Creatures."
* Tri-Lakshana Creatures will change their state when they encounter [[Electro]], [[Dendro]], or [[Pyro]].<br>Perhaps this trait of theirs will be of aid to you in your adventures.
* When Tri-Lakshana Creatures encounter Electro, they will sometimes unleash a Truesense Pulse that may be able to reveal certain hidden things...
* It is said that in ancient times, the monsters from the dark [[Void Realm|Abyss]] lurked on [[Devantaka Mountain]].<br>It was only after a long battle that they were finally subdued by the sages and the heroes of [[Khaenri'ah|Dahri]].
* Aranara can use their songs to control the weather in the [[Apam Woods]].
* The dark beasts from beneath the earth were once referred to as "Dev" by the people of Sumeru.
* There are nurseries within the forests of Sumeru that seemingly have no one to tend to them.<br>If you touch every field tile consecutively without repeating yourself, perhaps something interesting might happen.
* Curry is a popular dish in Sumeru.<br>"♪ Curry, curry, in the air~ Hungry children it's time to come home~ ♪"
* Curry is a popular dish in Sumeru.<br>It is said that every household has its own way of making this.
* The [[Forest Rangers|Forest Watchers and Forest Rangers]]' duty is to protect the balance of natural life.
* Aranara is said to mean "forest people."
* You must obtain the Bija.
* The full name of Vanarana is "Mahavanaranapna." Even the Aranara find it to be too long, however.
* The Vanarana that the Aranara now live in is in fact situated within a dream.<br>Vanarana was once utterly destroyed during a [[Cataclysm|terrifying catastrophe]] in the past.
* The Vanarana in dreams is a shadow of the Vanarana outside.
* The forest will remember.
* [[Starshroom]]s are said to be the reflections of the stars in the sky.
* Legend has it that seeing the [[Nilotpala Lotus]] bloom will grant you luck until the next moon rises.
* A nation to the south of the continent.<br>It is comprised of dense forests and vast deserts.
* The main task of the Forest Watchers and Forest Rangers is to observe the state of the rainforest and protect travelers.
* The Akademiya has Six Darshans: [[Amurta]], [[Spantamad]], [[Rtawahist]], [[Kshahrewar]], [[Haravatat]], and [[Vahumana]].
* The highest height that all researchers in Sumeru aspire to is that of a "Sage."<br>Not only are these sages the finest mind in their respective Darshan, but they also lead it.
* A Grand Sage will be chosen from among the six sages of the six Darshans, and this person will serve as the apex of the Akademiya.

==Sumeru City==
* A lush green city that lies deep within the forest. It is known far and wide as Teyvat's City of Wisdom.

==Sumpter Beast Caravan==
* Rotund beasts of burden, who are adapted to extreme heat, carry the goods and hopes of researchers and adventurers into the desert time and again.

==Tanit Tribe==
* It is said that some wandering tribes will adopt or plunder young children and raise them into Falcons who are devoted to the elders.<br>Only a handful of them can eventually be favored by the tribal leaders.
* The [[Tanit]] tribe is a matrilineal clan that believes in the [[Goddess of Flowers]], and the Nine Elders share the highest power of the tribe. But recently, things seem to have changed...
* The Tanit tribe rejects outsiders, but they are in no way complacent or conservative.<br>In fact, most of them are wiser than those "civilized" from the city.
* The wandering tribes in the desert have no unified law, nor written rules.<br>The only things that can restrain them are what has been rooted in their blood and habits.
* After [[Babel]] took over the position of Matriarch, she has been pursuing the great cause of revitalizing the oasis.<br>To realize this purpose, she has already made up her mind to sacrifice whatever it takes...
* In addition to the plunder known as "hunting," trading is also one of the main sources of income for the Tanit tribe.<br>Their crocodile skin products, spices, and essential oils are extremely popular in Sumeru's markets.
* "Only those who master the past can create the future."<br>With this idea in mind, the Tanit tribe and its branches have been persevering in exploring the past buried in the desert...
* Unlike other desert tribes, the Tanit value the power of words and knowledge, but they do not seem to trust the Akasha.
* There are countless tribes wandering in Deshret Desert, and the Tanit tribe is one of the oldest.
* For a wandering tribe, the most hated enemy is often not an outsider, but a traitor from within.
* As a large-scale desert tribe, the Tanit tribe also has many branches.
* From an age long past, in the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]], there used to be an ancient desert tribe named "Tanit."

==Temir Mountains==
* A legendary mountain range said to be formed from molten metal.<br>The desertfolk view this place as the border of the red desert.

==The Eremites==
* They may be known as a single "caravan," but they do in truth have many different individual organizations, such as the [[Farrokhzadan]], whose [[The Doctor|employer]] is most obsessed with finding and capturing Aranara.
* A mercenary organization active in Sumeru. They take all kinds of commissions across both forest and desert.
* Hidden deep in the desert, a secret group of Eremites called [[Thutmose]] lurk for what remains of King Deshret's power.

==The Eternal Oasis==
* Sleep, close your eyes, the eternal oasis welcomes the lonely wanderer...<br>Lay upon the pure and flowing streams, for here, memories are forever sweet and pure.

==The Mausoleum of King Deshret==
* Legend has it that the [[Mausoleum of King Deshret]] is the tomb of the ancient and sinister gods, hiding innumberable secrets.
* There were no divine remains in the huge sarcophagus, and the long-held theory was disproven. The deeper the exploration, the greater the mystery...
* There is a great cyclone at the top of the Mausoleum of King Deshret. The cause of cyclone has been studied for a long time, but nothing definitive has been found.

==The Rite of Ab-Zohr==
* A rite performed to cleanse the Harvisptokhm of the defilement. It used to be performed by the Order of Skeptics.

==The Sands of Three Canals==
* A beautiful river as navy as a moonlit night once flowed here. That era of glory belonged to songsters and flowers, marble colonnades and glazed domes...
* The people of the desert still cherish the verdant and azure memories of the past, and never forget the name of "Three Canals."<br>The only thing flowing in the river now is the gravel that grinds everything.

=="The Sign of Apaosha"==
* A mysterious celestial phenomenon that manifests in the desert. It seems to have something to do with the Abyssal catastrophe.
* A mysterious celestial phenomenon that manifests in the desert. It seems to have something to do with the Abyssal catastrophe.<br>The Khaenri'ahns called this the Sign of Truth in their records and claimed that it represented a yearning for the truth.

==The Temples Forsaken==
* The lost city protruding from the precipice is regarded as "forsaken" and an ominous place by the wandering tribes. Desert dwellers grazing [[Sumpter Beast]]s always avoid getting close.
* It is said that this once verdant place was ruled by a [[Seven Sovereigns|group of giants]], who were finally annihilated in a sandstorm in accordance with the [[Heavenly Principles|judgment from the heavens]]...<br>This legend may be older than the ruins themselves.

==The Varuna Contraption==
* [[Aramuhukunda]] and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata created this [[Varuna Contraption|device]] many moons ago.<br>It has brought much life to the forest.
* Aramuhukunda and the [[Lesser Lord Kusanali|Dendro Archon]] created this device many moons ago.<br>It has brought much life to the forest.

==The Wisdom of King Deshret==
* It is said that, hidden in the deepest of dunes beyond counting, lies the boundless wisdom of King Deshret.
* It is said that, hidden in the deepest of dunes beyond counting, lies the boundless wisdom of King Deshret. But no one can truly fathom what that boundless wisdom really is.
* As the sands return to the desert, to enter the golden slumber promised by Al-Ahmar is to slumber forever in his wisdom and power.

==The Withering==
* A phenomenon that sometimes appears on the ground surface, threatening all forms of life.
* The Withering is not a fixed location. Instead, it refers to areas that have been corroded by some sort of mysterious and ominous power.
* This phenomenon will corrupt life within it.<br>When within the Withering, you will accumulate Decay, resulting in a decrease of Max HP and various RES. Once you have accumulated enough Decay, there will be even harsher consequences...
* This phenomenon is also comprised of Branches and Tumors. Use the power of Dendrograna to destroy the branches in order to access and destroy the Tumor in turn.
* When removing the Withering, you may come under attack from beings that would defend it from harm...
* The Aranara call this "Marana."
* This used to be a phenomenon that sometimes appeared above ground, threatening all forms of life. Now, its source has been eradicated.
* The name "[[Withering Zone]]" did not refer to fixed locations. Instead, it referred to areas that had been corroded by some sort of [[Forbidden Knowledge|mysterious and ominous power]].<br>For now, it is just a matter of cleaning up the existing Withering Zones.
* The Aranara call this "Marana."<br>Now its source has been eradicated.

==The Wisdom of King Deshret==
* It is said that, hidden in the deepest of dunes beyond counting, lies the boundless wisdom of King Deshret. However, no one can truly fathom what that wisdom truly is.

==Transparency and Revelations==
* There are mechanisms in the ruins of King Deshret that can hide and show nearby things, impeding the progress of adventurers.

==Tunigi Hollow==
* This once was a great breach carved out by the Abyss.<br>Its pathway stands blocked at present.

==Twin-Horned Chaplet==
* The chaplet represents the Khvarena's approval.<br>The bearer of the chaplet can gain power comparable to the divine bird itself.
* The chaplet represents the Khvarena's approval and contains ancient memories.<br>The bearer of the chaplet can gain power comparable to the divine bird itself.

==Vamadha==
* Aranara use [[Vamadha|barriers made of vines]] that will spin when they hear the songs of the forest.

==Vanarana==
* "May the new dreams never experience Marana's corruption."<br>"And may the old stories be forgotten alongside it."
* "May the green fields and mountains never wither."<br>"May the streams stay clear and the flowers remain in bloom."
* "Friends will stroll through the forest again."<br>"That which is good will return, and the painful memories will vanish. Just like a stream purifying itself or a withered tree sprouting once more."

==Viparyas==
* A flower that only grows within the dream Vanarana.<br>Somewhere in Vanarana, there is a nursery patch tended to by Aranara. Perhaps you might find especially "happy" Viparyas there?

==Vourukasha Oasis==
* An oasis nourished by the Amrita and the Pari's homeland.
* An oasis nourished by the Amrita and the Pari's homeland.<br>This used to be a fortress made to hold the Abyss's encroachment back.

==Wenut==
* In some legends, they were once close relatives and descendants of dragons, and possessed extraordinary power.<br>But that will not prevent the desert dwellers from hunting them for valuable spices.
* Legend has it that in the ancient past before even the concept of time was created, these creatures thrived with their progenitors and offspring in a land of verdant grass and colossal trees, traversing through slick soil like fishes diving through the wet.

==Yasnapati==
* A term the Pari use to reference bonded comrades in arms.<br>In the human tongue, this seems to mean an "offerer" of some kind.

[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[es:Pantalla de carga/Sumeru]]
[[ja:ロード画面/スメール]]
[[vi:Màn Hình Chờ/Sumeru]]