{{LoadingScreenTabs}}

==Astral Assemblage==
* A highly concentrated Phlogiston sphere created through iridescent carvings. As long as it continues to burn, it seemingly cannot be extinguished.

==Changing the State of Phlogiston==
* It is said that long ago, in Natlan, there existed [[Tutorial/Coagulated Pedestal|sophisticated techniques]] for converting solid [[Phlogiston]] into liquid Phlogiston and vice versa...

==Charging Tatankasaurus==
* A powerful second sprint! In this state, it can easily push heavy objects that were previously immobile and even plow through unsuspecting enemies.
* During its second sprint, the [[Tatankasaurus]] can leap over different types of terrain and even briefly dash across water or liquid Phlogiston.
* When a charging Tatankasaurus is blocked by an obstacle or enters the Spirited state, it can immediately trigger a faster second sprint!

=="Children of Echoes"==
* A mountain tribe who live alongside the [[Tepetlisaur]]s. Famed for their mining expertise, it's hard to say which they love more &mdash; their gemstones or their dancing!
* If you get the chance to visit the [[Children of Echoes]], whatever you do, don't miss the Drillbit Dance!
* The Children of Echoes have spent much time living alongside their Tepetlisaur companions.<br>Some of their warriors have even acquired special combat techniques by observing the behavior of these Saurians.
* The Children of Echoes, who live among the canyons in eastern Natlan, are passionate about all kinds of gemstones.<br>Rather than buying them, however, they prefer digging them up with their Saurian companions...

=="Collective of Plenty"==
* A tribe that values strength training and coexists with the Tatankasaurs, relying on farming as their livelihood.
* Next to the [[Collective of Plenty]] lies a bountiful orchard, managed by a warrior named [[Varesa]] from the tribe.
* The Tatankasaurs' immense power is matched only by the Collective of Plenty's unstoppable training regime.<br>Occasionally, the tribe's warriors can be seen wrestling with Tatankasaurs...
* When tired, members of the Collective of Plenty drink a special kind of [[Fruits Aplenty|fruit juice]] to restore their energy.

==Echoes of Hardened Earth==
* The Children of Echoes and the earth-burrowing Tepetlisaurs are quite sensitive to the presence of things beneath the surface.<br>If you detect something, try shaking it free of the earth!

==Falling Rocks and Pulverite==
* Boulders that have fallen from the mountains, as well as [[Pulverite]], can be cleared away by shattering them with a Tatankasaurus's charge.

=="Flower-Feather Clan"==
* Members of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] who fail to qualify for any flying squad, or hang up their wings due to a lack of talent, are referred to as the "Wingless."
* The settlement of the Flower-Feather Clan is situated among the cliffs of northern Natlan. It is said that ever since the destruction of [[Ochkanatlan]], the people of the Flower-Feather Clan have been here, gazing down upon the ruins of the ineffable city.
* The tribe who live alongside the Qucusaurs. The elite riders of their flying squad patrol the skies atop their Qucusaurus mounts.

==Gaseous Phlogiston==
* A form of Phlogiston that resembles a gas that tends to form high-temperature wind currents.<br>However, Qucusaurs and some members of the Flower-Feather Clan have mastered the art of using [[gaseous Phlogiston]] without getting burned.

==Geothermal Vent==
* A fragile vent formed due to underground heat, which periodically emits gaseous Phlogiston. Perhaps there are ways to make them collapse.

==Great Volcano of Tollan==
* A giant volcano in the southwest of Natlan, referred to as the "Sacred Mountain" in ancient scrolls.<br>Though it still erupts from time to time, it is said to have been even more active during the dark chapters of the past.

==Iktomisaurs==
* [[Iktomisaur]]s have light and graceful bodies, allowing them to leap up to high places.
* Iktomisaurs can enhance their powers through [[Spiritspeaking]], allowing them to absorb Phlogiston from objects within their field of view.

==Koholasaurus==
* As long as they have plenty of phlogiston, [[Koholasaur]]s are capable of swimming continuously in liquid phlogiston.

==Liquid Phlogiston==
* Phlogiston in a state resembling liquid.<br>It is still phlogiston and thus contains high thermal energy, making it dangerous. To fall into it is to face swift death.

=="Masters of the Night-Wind"==
* The settlement of the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]], surrounded by the peaks of Tezcatepetonco Range, is perched on top of one of the foothills. It is said that their [[Sacrificial Altar of Enigmatic Land|real ceremonial grounds]] are hidden somewhere deeper...

==Matador Monetoo==
* This peculiar [[Monetoo]] hangs around the Collective of Plenty and loves nothing more than waving its flag to draw the ire &mdash; and charging assaults &mdash; of nearby Tatankasaurs.

==Molten Fissures==
* A fissure formed by solid phlogiston. Enter them, and you can reach the exit on the other end.<br>However, only Tepetlisaurs and Children of Echoes who understand their internal structure can use these freely.

==Natlan==
* All victory and glory belongs to the [[Pyro Archon]].
* May the undying radiance of the Stele of the Sacred Flame shine forth and purge the darkness.
* The tribespeople of Natlan live and fight alongside their Saurians &mdash; hence the name, "Land of Saurians."

=="Night Kingdom"==
* Here reside the [[Wayob]], worshipped and revered by the tribes of Natlan. They are said to dwell deep underground in a [[Night Kingdom|silent realm illuminated by glowing waters]].

=="Nightspirit Graffiti"==
* Iktomisaurs and some members of the Masters of the Night-Wind can extract the power within [[Nightspirit Graffiti]] to create Nightspirit Bodies with various different effects.

==Pakpaka Flying School==
* Come earn your wings at [[Pakpaka Flying School]]! Flying contests are held every now and then, but why wait till "then" if you can sign up now!

=="People of the Springs"==
* A tribe that lives by the seaside, side by side with the Koholasaurs. Renowned for their hot springs, they love performances and vacations in equal measure.
* If you're lucky, you might run into a band giving an impromptu streetside performance.<br>When that happens, make sure you stop for a listen. Oh, and don't forget to show your appreciation!
* The [[People of the Springs]], who live by the waters in the south of Natlan, love chilling out to relaxing music.
* The waters throughout Toyac Springs are at a higher temperature due to the influence of subterranean magma streams.<br>Visitors can also relax in the natural hot springs over at the People of the Springs' tribal settlement.

==Phlogiston==
* A special high-temperature thermal energy that can be found throughout Natlan in all shapes and sizes. It is a vital energy source that sustains the tribespeople and Saurians of Natlan.
* There are many ways to obtain phlogiston in Natlan. [[Phlogiston Chiselith|Some mechanisms]] must be infused with phlogiston to be activated.

==Qucusaurus==
* When [[Qucusaur]]s are gliding, they can consume Phlogiston to climb up higher.
* When they are enveloped by the power of a [[Scorchwind Conflux]], Qucusaurs' Plunging Attacks will inflict a larger AoE and can even create a brief Gaseous Phlogiston Current.

==Saurian Indwelling==
* Through the guidance of a mysterious power, you can now [[indwell]] your spirit onto Natlan's Saurians!<br>Different Saurians have different skills and special traits. Use their powers to get around Natlan and explore it.

==Saurian Spiritsconces==
* Natlan's Saurians are unique life forms that can enter a "[[Spiritsconce]]" state under specific circumstances.<br>Indwell your spirit onto Spiritsconces to activate their power, transforming into and controlling the Saurian's original form.

=="Scions of the Canopy"==
* A tribe that lives together with the [[Yumkasaur]]s. With a passion for extreme sports, they work as couriers throughout the land.
* Got something that needs delivering quickly? Just head over to the [[Courier's Longhouse (Point of Interest)|Courier's Longhouse]].<br>Whatever it is and wherever you need it sent, their couriers from the [[Scions of the Canopy]] will be happy to oblige... contraband excluded, of course.
* Thanks to the profound trust they place in their Yumkasaur companions, the Scions of the Canopy rarely feel fear or apprehension as they traverse the heights with their grappling hooks.<br>Such trust is certainly not something that can be established overnight.
* The Scions of the Canopy love to get around using grappling hooks, a habit they most probably picked up off their Yumkasaur companions.<br>Some of their warriors have even learned to combine grappling hooks with weaponry, enabling them to catch their enemies off guard.

==Scorchwind Conflux==
* As gaseous Phlogiston gathers and interacts, it can become entangled and form lumps.<br>Qucusaurs and some members of the Flower-Feather Clan can use their power to maintain a state of having full Phlogiston for a period of time.

==Secret Source Dragon Cannon==
* It is said that if you strike the cannon's barrel with immense force, you can deal a devastating blow.

==Solid Phlogiston==
* Phlogiston in a state resembling crystallized matter.<br>Its smooth surface belies the high thermal energy contained within. Only Tepetlisaurs and Children of Echoes can harness it with their abilities to burrow and climb.

==Spiritways==
* A pathway formed by constantly flowing phlogiston. Ride on it to move swiftly in the flow's direction.<br>Only Koholasaurs or People of the Springs who have mastered the relevant technique can use them freely.

==Stadium of the Sacred Flame==
* If you're tired and need a rest, head over to the [[Weary Inn]] near the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]].<br>Remember, only the well-rested warrior steps onto the battlefield filled with energy.
* In Natlan, there exists a group of researchers who are dedicated to the study of ancient relics, scrolls, and ruins, known as the "[[Saurian Relics Association (Faction)|Saurian Relics Association]]."<br>If you'd like to learn more about Natlan's ancient ruins, you can find their counter at the fair over at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame.
* Located at the beating heart of Natlan, this stadium is where the various tribes resolve their conflicts, engage in duels, and compete against each other.<br>Most notably, it is where the "[[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]]" is regularly held.
* The tribal chiefs regularly meet inside the [[Speaker's Chamber]], located in a corner of the Stadium of the Sacred Flame, to discuss various matters and mediate conflicts under the Pyro Archon's watchful eye.

==Tepetlisaurus==
* After a Tepetlisaurus drills into the ground, it can consume phlogiston to move in all directions, even digging up cliffs.

==Tezcatepetonco Range==
* Towering mountains surround the settlement of the Masters of the Night-Wind, like colossal defensive walls.<br>It is said that the graffiti that covers these mountains, the work of priests of a bygone era, holds mysterious powers that still protect the tribe to this day.

==Volcanic Eruption==
* The [[Great Volcano of Tollan]] will occasionally erupt. Sometimes, the eruption will cause strange phenomena to occur...

==Warrior's Challenges==
* There are warriors all over Natlan who wish to train and hone their strength.<br>And where there are those who train, there will be trainers. This latter group will prepare various challenges for those who wish to surpass themselves.

==Your Saurian Companion!==
* Get ready to meet your best travel companion in Natlan! Ahem, make that second best...

==Yumkasaurus==
* As long as they have plenty of phlogiston, Yumkasaurs can hover in mid-air, then use their ability again to get where they want to go.
* Yumkasaurs are capable of spitting out [[Flamegranate]] pectin hidden in their cheek pouches to pull distant objects into their mouths or drag certain mechanisms.

[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[es:Pantalla de carga/Natlan]]
[[ja:ロード画面/ナタ]]