{{LoadingScreenTabs}}

==Domains==
===Domains===
* It is said that glorious civilizations once covered every corner of the land, above and below ground, in days of yore. Those once-glorious civilizations have long perished, and all that remains of them today is the cities and altars they built deep underground.

===Doors of Resurrection===
* Gateways to life found in [[Domains]]. Said to be formed from the root tips of a tree that permeates the entire world. By touching them, those blessed by the world will receive the gift of life anew should they stumble and fall.

==Spiral Abyss==
===Elemental Nodes===
* A trial item that can be found in domains. It provides nearby monsters with Elemental affixes. If you do not adeptly counter these Elemental affixes with Elemental attacks of your own, it can turn a once-easy battle quite a thorny challenge.

===Spiral Abyss===
* Benediction of the Abyss is a wise choice. The [[Spiral Abyss]] contains two kinds of blessings, this one belonging to the ancient will carried within it.
* [[Elemental Nodes]] may appear during challenges and make monsters stronger. If you really want to conquer this dark inverted tower, you must be able to conquer the elements.
* [[Food]] and [[potions]] cannot be consumed within the Spiral Abyss. Those seeking to conquer the immense Abyssal Moon Spire and Abyss Corridor must rely on their strength and courage alone.
* It's divided into the Abyss Corridor and the Abyssal Moon Spire. They say that the former connects to a crumbled palace of an ancient world, while the latter leads to a spiraling tower in the dark unknown, though no one can claim they've seen the end of either.
* New treasures appear in the Abyssal Moon Spire twice each month. They say this cycle is eerily similar to that of a moon in some distant universe.
* The one constant in the world is that nothing is constant. The Abyssal Moon Spire may change its shape over time, revealing new challenges and treasure.
* To conquer Divergence challenges, you must split your party into two groups. Legends say that ancient kings and priests worked together to climb a tower touching the sky. What could they have been seeking...?
* When you don't have enough Abyssal Stars, the deeper floors of the abyss will not open their doors for you. Some people believe these dim 'stars' are eerily similar to a common symbol seen around Teyvat.
* While you consecutively challenge three chambers on each floor, you cannot change your party configuration. As you venture deeper, the path gets more narrow and is filled with thorns.

==Serenitea Pot==
===Furnishings===
* Placing [[Serenitea Pot/Furnishings|furnishings]] within the Serenitea Pot will affect the adeptal energy of the realm. Abundant adeptal energy may also lead to an increase in the various products within the realm.

===Omni-Ubiquity Net===
* A handy gadget made using knowledge of ancient onmyoudou. It has the ability to recreate the essences of a large number of small creatures.<br>Its designer's eventual stated goal is to create a net that can even recreate a human.
* This net is effective on a large number of small animals. You can keep animals whose essences you have recreated in your Serenitea Pot.
* Though it is a device created using ancient onmyoudou as its base, it can be used by ordinary people. Just aim it at a small animal you'd like to "capture," and toss it right out there!

===Realm Layout===
* The [[Realm Layout|realms]] within a Serenitea Pot can come in all shapes and forms. But no matter how they change, they can never exceed the size of this teapot.

===Serenitea Pot===
* [[Companions]] invited to the Serenitea Pot will deepen their bonds with the [[Traveler]]. They will continuously gain [[Companionship EXP]].
* Companions who remain in the Serenitea Pot for a long time may take a liking to certain furnishings and prepare gifts for the Traveler in return...

===Teapot Traveling Salesman===
* A [[Chubby|Teapot Traveling Salesman]] will sometimes drop by the [[Serenitea Pot]] with rare goods in tow.<br>If these wares are to your liking, purchase them decisively &mdash; spare no time second-guessing yourself.

===Wood===
* [[Wood]] can be obtained from cutting various trees throughout Teyvat.

==Golden Apple Archipelago (Version 2.8)==
===Cloudleisure Steps===
* These platforms emit light when stepped on and have the curious texture of clouds.<br>Some [[Cloudleisure Step]]s can increase characters' jumping power.

===Gaze of the Deep===
* A very special device in a Mirage. You can use [[Gaze of the Deep|this device]] to discover hidden mystical devices and even change the environment.

===Golden Apple Archipelago===
* The bonsai that appears in the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] is an heirloom of the [[Kaedehara Clan]].<br>For some reason, it possesses the power to change the make-up of certain mountains...
* The Golden Apple Archipelago is situated within an unknown, [[fog]]-shrouded region of the ocean that cannot be accessed under normal circumstances...
* The [[Phantasmal Conch]]es scattered throughout the Golden Apple Archipelago have recorded voices and images of the past within them. Collect these conches to bear witness to all manner of stories...
* You can use drums made of plants to seemingly change the height of certain mountains.

===Melodic Omamori===
* Collect Melodic Omamori and place them in a special altar to cause changes in the surrounding area.

===Miitoboru===
* A new friend you made in the Golden Apple Archipelago who is also a mysterious old boat.<br>"[[Miitoboru]]" is a nickname that Paimon made up for it.

===Mirage Exploration===
* As-yet unseen puzzles and treasures may still be discovered within Mirages, which can be revisited in order to solve and collect them all respectively.
* Get close to a [[Door of Resurrection]] while within a Mirage to adjust your party setup.
* Use the mysterious doors within Mirages to go to different locations.
* What may ostensibly be the same device may yet serve different functions in different places within a Mirage...

===Mysterious Pool===
* A pool that you were directed to via astrology. It is the gate to a certain Mirage...

===Night Ravens===
* According to [[Oz]], the night ravens were the citizens of the Immernachtreich.
* Talk to the night ravens often. You might receive some interesting news or find important clues.

===Prismatic Rampart===
* After unlocking the corresponding color using the Prismatic Gem, the [[Summertime Odyssey#Tutorial|Prismatic Rampart]] can be used to fire arrows of different coloration.

==Golden Apple Archipelago (Version 1.6)==
===Dodo-King===
* A mysterious figure who has sent [[Klee]] a letter. It claims to be the overlord of the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]], and seems to have wild and marvelous modes of mechanism manipulation...

===Golden Apple Archipelago===
* Dangerous [[whirlpool]]s can appear near monster encampments. [[Waverider]]s that are sucked into these whirlpools will take continuous damage...
* The [[Dodo-King]] has left puzzles composed of various Rings and Elemental Targets behind. Use [[Wind-Blessed Harpastum|Wind-Blessed Harpasta]] to crack them one by one...
* The Dodo-King's Painted Walls depict the artworks of the Dodo-King and have the power to reflect Wind-Blessed Harpasta. Use Wind-Blessed Harpasta to destroy the walls and obtain the corresponding rewards...
* The [[Echoing Tales#Echoing Conch|Echoing Conch]]es scattered throughout the Golden Apple Archipelago seal voices of the past within them. Collect these Echoing Conches to listen to all manner of unknown tales...
* The Golden Apple Archipelago is home to [[Minacious Isle/1.6|an upside-down mountain]]. The ruins there are incredibly similar to those that may be found in [[Mondstadt]]. One wonders what the connection between the two might be...

===Map Tabs===
* This world contains mysterious areas like [[Adepti|adeptal]] abodes and the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]], whose location relative to known regions is unclear. Use the Map Tabs to switch between these regions and known ones quickly.

===Waverider===
* The [[Waverider]] is a mysterious waterborne vehicle that can continuously travel across the ocean's surface. It is armed with two weapons, the Swiftstrike Cannon and the Heavy Cannon. Use [[Waverider Waypoint]]s to summon the Waverider to its owner's side.

===Wind-Blessed Harpasta===
* [[Wind-Blessed Harpastum|Harpasta]] carry [[Mondstadt]]'s traditions and with them, the wishes of the people. It is said that they can bring the Anemo Archon's protection...

==Three Realms Gateway Offering==
===Bokuso Box===
* "Draw near to good and shun evil."<br>This is a secret treasure of [[Byakuyakoku]], able to store light and disperse darkness.

===Corrupted Waypoints===
* Waypoints shrouded in darkness lose their original functionality.<br>You can consume specialized materials to use secret arts that can push the darkness back and restore their functions

===Gateway Offering===
* [[Byakuyakoku]] once made offerings at the three corners of their realm in an effort to hold all things in balance and stave off misfortune and calamity.

===Light Realm===
* Also known as the realm of the elements.<br>Though, much like mother nature, this realm has fallen under the dominion of humanity, it will still {{sic|land}} humans its aid against the encroaching void.

===Reptilians===
* This was once a common folk legend in Teyvat.<br>"The ancient dragons did not go extinct &mdash; they merely hid under the earth and have evolved to look like humans. They've even infiltrated various organizations throughout the world!"

===Statue of the Vassals===
* A statue of the Vassals of Watatsumi at the [[Dainichi Mikoshi|Daninichi Mikoshi]]{{sic}}.<br>Rest at the statue to clear the Corrosion caused by the darkness and replenish the energy within the Bokuso Box.

===The Encroaching Dark===
* During the "[[Three Realms Gateway Offering]]" event, [[Enkanomiya]] will be covered in [[The Encroaching Dark|darkness]].<br>This darkness has a corrupting influence, and if allowed to build up, it will cause battles to be abnormally difficult.<br>Upgrade your [[Bokuso Box]] to increase your resistance to darkness.

===Tokoyo Legume===
* A plant that appears within Enkanomiya during the "[[Three Realms Gateway Offering]]" event. It was originally only to be used as fertilizer.<br>It will only appear when you approach it with a [[Bokuso Box]] containing energy.

===Vassals of Watatsumi===
* They were once [[Watatsumi Omikami]]'s servants, and are said to have had half-human, half-snake appearances.

==Veluriyam Mirage==
===Announcement Speakers===
* A voice-carrying device that can be found in the [[Veluriyam Mirage]]. It can send information to guests in a quick and convenient fashion. Perhaps these devices use the Mirage's unique energies, because they can only operate within its bounds...

===Choo-Choo Cart===
* A vehicle created by Klee out of Jumpy Dumpty components, it can travel speedily on several tracks that are already present in the Veluriyam Mirage.

===Daiya's Three-Day Reverie===
* One of the various attractions in the Veluriyam Mirage. Search for these special Announcement Speakers and follow their instructions to experience this unique game mode...

===Fairgrounds===
* An important part of the Veluriyam Mirage in which many colorful tents and beautiful lights have been placed. It can be used to organize large celebrations...

===Hydro Creatures===
* Hydro life-forms that live in the Veluriyam Mirage. They appear like normal animals and will not attack anyone of their own accord due to their gentle nature.

===Hydro Eidolons===
* Life-forms that live within the Veluriyam Mirage. Klee calls them "Water Droplets," and they appear to have the power to transform into various forms...

===Magic Invite===
* An invitation letter that can teleport the one who uses it to a specific place. It was found in the letter Alice sent to Klee, and its workings are something of a mystery...

===Special Hide-and-Seek===
* The friendly [[Hydro Eidolon]]s enjoy changing into various shapes and playing Hide-and-Seek with guests. If you can beat them at this game, you can get the presents they have prepared...

===Streaming Projectors===
* One of the most important mechanisms in the Veluriyam Mirage, it can create various objects based on the shapes of items and the imagination of its user.<br>You can use a Streaming Projector to enter a [[Preprint]]'s world...

===Veluriyam Mirage===
* A Domain hidden within a wondrous bottle. It is a beautiful and quiet place, and various special Hydro life-forms dwell within it...

==Simulanka==
===A Marvelous Book of Fairy Tales===
* A gift that you and Paimon received. Its pages appear to serve as the gateway to a wonderous world.

==="Abracadabra"===
* Means "to create what I say."<br>[[Simulanka]] was made using words, and all can use such fantastical powers...

===Blessing From Beyond the Story===
* "Every story has an ending, but if the story becomes reality, it should have the right to choose its own path."

==="Constellation Metropole"===
* A city where many small toy figures live. Made almost completely of gears and tracks, it enjoys the protection of the blessing of the [[Barbeloth|Goddess of Prophecy]].
* A city where many small toy figures live. Made almost completely of gears and tracks, it enjoys the protection of the blessing of the Goddess of Prophecy.<br>Today, many of its residents have seized the reins of their destinies...

===Fading Disorder===
* A great crisis that confronts those who dwell in the [[Forest of Blessings]]. Due to the loss of their Magic Tonic, the ink within their bodies runs dry and fades away, and their bodies gradually grow wrinkled and cracked, eventually causing them to lose their color and forget their own stories.

===Forest Fairy===
* A [[Nilou|companion]] prophesized to embark on the adventure together with the Hero, and the duty of saving the Forest of Blessings rests upon both their shoulders...

==="Forest of Blessings"===
* A mysterious forest full of origami animals, fashioned by the [[Alice|Goddess of Creation]].

===Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy===
* The magic that defends the people of [[Constellation Metropole]]. It serves as an opportunity for those whose lives have fallen off the rails to get back on track...

===Hero===
* The key to saving Simulanka.<br>Legend has it that this [[Wanderer|Hero]] shall descend to the world upon the [[Cliff of Prophecy]], and supported by their companions, shall restore peace to this world...

===King of Constellation Metropole===
* "The [[Navia|ruler]] of Constellation Metropole, the one who descended after a meteor shower, and the protector of order and all the stars in the sky..." The one who also bears the destiny of saving Constellation Metropole...

===Magic Tonic===
* A mystical potion bestowed by the Goddess of Creation that can sustain the lives of those who dwell in the Forest of Blessings. The [[Calligraphy Tavern]] seems to be the only place where you can purchase it...

==="Simulanka"===
* A long, long time ago, three goddesses created this world of marvels. Now, "Simulanka" continues to endure in many worlds through methods most unusual...

===Simulanka's Greenery===
* Simulanka was created by magic, and the trees within {{sic|do cannot}} seem to produce ordinary timber.<br>But some special plants and fruits can be brought back to Teyvat all the same...

===The End of the World===
* A place where you speak your wishes to the [[Andersdotter|Goddess of Fate]]. "Today, it has been shattered by the [[Mini Durin|evil dragon]]."
* A place where you speak your wishes to the Goddess of Fate.

==General==
===A Reach Too Far===
* When opponents are defeated too far away, they might not produce any drops.<br>By this same logic, this may sometimes happen when opponents fall down a bottomless pit as well.

===Abyss Order===
* An organization comprised of non-human monsters. They are the enemies of surface civilization, and thrive in many corners of the world.
* Driven on by the Abyss, they covet the lives of those who live on the surface, and dream of overturning the rule of the gods.
* The [[Abyss Mages]] that run amok in many places are skilled in the language of the [[hilichurls]], and are able to take control of them for their own uses. This makes them very dangerous indeed.

===Adventure Rank===
* After you reach the maximum [[Adventure Rank]], all [[Adventure EXP]] received will be converted to [[Mora]].<br>They say that "experience is the greatest wealth."

===Adventurers' Guild===
* An exceptional adventurer will use the Guild-issued [[Adventurer Handbook]] to track the monsters and enemies they are hunting. As such, some hunters and warriors also join the Adventurers' Guild in order to obtain Adventurer Handbooks with the latest and greatest information inscribed...
* The Adventurers' Guild exists to distribute commissions and recruit adventurers, and it has branches all over [[Teyvat]]. Their motto is "Ad astra abyssosque!"
* The Adventurers' Guild has a public booth in every city. Becoming a legendary adventurer starts with understanding the ins and outs of the services they offer.
* Traces of the Adventurers' Guild can be found across all Teyvat, even amidst the most dangerous places...

===An Ancient Tree===
* Legend tells of [[Irminsul|an ancient tree]] whose roots reach every corner of the world...

===Artifacts===
* [[Artifacts]] derive power from their original bearers' ambitions and memories. It follows that they must [[Artifact EXP|consume other artifacts]] to increase their power.
* Five categories of artifacts exist. Each set includes an [[Circlet of Logos|item of headwear]], a [[Flower of Life|flower]], a [[Goblet of Eonothem|goblet or similar]], a [[Sands of Eon|timepiece]], and a [[Plume of Death|bird's feather]].
* Treasures endowed with great power. Equipping [[Artifact/Sets|several connected artifacts]] simultaneously increases their power even further.

===Bond of Life===
* Under normal circumstances, the value of a [[Bond of Life]] can stack to up to 200% of a character's Max HP.

===Books===
* When you come across tomes worth keeping, they will automatically enter your [[archive]]. Through this archive, you can read through the collection of books you've obtained throughout your journey at your leisure &mdash; the activity of choice for literary connoisseurs.

===Character Archive===
* You can use the [[Character Archive]] to view information on characters who have yet to join your team, yet are brimming with potential all the same...
* You can view information on characters who have already joined the [[Traveler]]'s party in the Character Archive.

===Co-Op Mode===
* Be welcoming to Travelers from other worlds &mdash; you might make yourself some new friends.
* When challenging a [[domain]], try using [[Co-Op Mode]] to find Travelers to fight alongside. Perhaps strength in numbers may help you conquer even the most unconquerable domains.
* When you get stuck on a difficult [[Daily Commission]] that you just can't handle alone, try calling in reinforcements in Co-Op Mode.

===Combat===
* A skilled warrior will use the terrain and vantage points against their enemy, plummeting down from the sky to ambush their foes.
* Apart from absorbing damage, shields can also increase a character's resistance to interruption.
* Effects that "increase [[Attack Speed]]" can increase the speed of [[Normal Attacks]]. Unless it is also stated elsewhere that they can increase Charged ATK SPD, these effects usually only affect Normal Attacks.
* If not cleared by actively healing or removed by using a [[Statue of The Seven]], the duration of [[Bond of Life]] will be very long indeed.
* Some characters' [[Elemental Skill]]s and [[Elemental Burst|Bursts]] apply the element in question to themselves. Be mindful of your surroundings when using these attacks, lest they cause an unwanted elemental reaction...
* The Bond of Life effect can stack. The amount of healing required to clear the Bond of Life will increase with the total amount of the Bonds of Life.
* Unless otherwise stated, effects that affect Sprints will not affect abilities that are named "[[Alternate Sprint]]."
* When an effect confers one attribute as a certain percentage of another attribute, this effect will not then factor into calculations of other similar percentage-based effects.
* When changes to Max HP cause changes to current HP, effects triggered by increases or decreases in "current HP" will not be triggered.
* When under the effects of "Bond of Life," the healing the character receives will instead be absorbed by the Bond of Life. After the character is healed for an amount equivalent to the Bond of Life, the Bond of Life will be cleared.

===Combat Talent===
* [[Talent Level-Up Material|Certain materials]] can be used to level up a character's [[Elemental Skill]], [[Elemental Burst]], and even [[Normal Attack]].

===Constellations===
* Wherever you go, whatever life throws at you... In Teyvat, the stars in the sky will always have a place for you.

===Cooking===
* [[Cooking]] is a key survival skill. Naturally, it must be done with care to obtain the most delicious dishes. But a little dexterity and a keen eye go a long way, too.
* Different dishes have different effects, including healing, boosting strength, and replenishing stamina. Food connoisseurs know how to exploit the properties of what they eat.
* Each region of Teyvat has its own cuisine. All you need to sample them is the recipe, the right ingredients, and a little skill.
* Restaurants sell recipes &mdash; it's one way to keep their cuisine alive. Learn to cook new dishes by reading recipes in your Inventory.
* You may discover some rare recipes during your adventures. Learn to cook new dishes by reading recipes in your Inventory.

===Crafting===
* A mysterious ancient craft that harnesses the physical properties and fundamental principles of matter. Odds and ends you pick up on your journey can be transformed into more precious substances.
* As well as making Potions, you can also turn some materials into more precious ones through crafting.
* With crafting, many materials can be used to create elemental Potions. Potions increase your elemental RES or increase Elemental DMG. A potion here and there might take the edge off when the going gets tough.

===Daily Commissions===
* After you complete the 4 [[Daily Commissions]] of the day, don't forget to go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]] to claim an extra reward.

===Dangerous Flora===
* There are mutated plants in this world that have intelligence and can manipulate the elements. A [[Cryo Regisvine]] has been known to keep meat fresh for several centuries, so its strength should not be underestimated...
* There are mutated plants in this world that have intelligence and can manipulate the elements. [[Whopperflower]]s are able to use their mimetic flowers to trick their prey...

===Destroying Items===
* A traveler's [[Inventory|bag]] can only fit so much. If you have too many of any item, you can destroy items to make room. But once something is destroyed, you can't get it back...

===Echoes===
* Wondrous cosmetic items you can obtain from adventures in the world within the painting. Each belongs to a specific companion...

===Elemental Mastery===
* Once you can harness the power of the elements, you may find yourself looking to increase the effectiveness of [[Elemental Reactions]]. [[Elemental Mastery]] increases the effects of Elemental Reactions triggered by your characters.

===Elemental Monuments===
* Devices that respond to elemental energy. Some must be activated in a specific order, some may reset after a given time. If you can solve the puzzle, perhaps you will be rewarded...
* Strange devices left by a lost civilization. Anything could happen when you activate them with the right elemental energy.

===Elemental Reaction===
* Considering how [[Electro-Charged]] works, it's important to be careful when using [[Electro]] attacks near bodies of [[water]]. That said, this same scenario offers great potential for defeating enemies with ease...
* Considering how [[Frozen]] works, it's important to be aware when you get Wet while adventuring or during combat. Getting Frozen is the last thing you want!
* Even the seemingly inert [[Geo]] has its elemental reaction. When it comes into contact with [[Hydro]], [[Pyro]], [[Cryo]], or Electro, [[Crystallize]] occurs, producing DMG-absorbing elemental shards.
* [[Blunt Attack|Heavy attacks]] can break the Frozen effect and unfreeze the affected being. The shattering ice deals DMG in the process, however.
* [[Melt]] amplifies the DMG of the attack that produces it. Pyro attacks receive a greater DMG boost than Cryo attacks.
* Using [[Swirl]] increases the range of other elements' effects, maximizing the effectiveness of adventurers' and warriors' attacks.
* Vaporize amplifies the DMG of the attack that produces it. Hydro attacks receive a greater DMG boost than Pyro attacks.
* When [[Anemo]] meets Hydro, Pyro, Electro, or Cryo, it causes Swirl and spreads its effects over an increased area.
* When Cryo meets Hydro, the elemental reaction is Frozen. Frozen beings cannot move. Make effective use of this fact to conquer the most formidable of opponents with ease.
* When Electro meets Cold, [[Superconduct]] occurs. This elemental reaction deals AoE Cryo DMG and decreases Physical RES.
* When Electro meets Hydro, the elemental reaction is Electro-Charged. This somewhat stupefying state deals continuous Electro DMG.
* When Electro meets Pyro, [[Overloaded]] occurs. The result is a powerful explosion.
* When Hydro meets Pyro, [[Vaporize]] occurs. When a Pyro or Hydro attack causes this reaction, it deals increased DMG.
* When Pyro meets Cryo, Melt occurs. When a Pyro or Cryo attack causes this reaction, it deals increased DMG.
* When Pyro meets [[Dendro]], [[Burning]] occurs. Burning deals continuous Pyro DMG.

===Elemental Reactions===
* Dendro has some special properties.<br>When [[Bloom]] and [[Quicken]] are triggered, they can trigger another layer of reactions respectively...
* The character who creates the Elemental Shards through the [[Crystallize]] reaction is the one who has triggered the reaction, not the character who picks up the shards to form a shield around themselves.
* The number of times that a [[Dendro Core]] can deal damage to the same target within a certain period of time is limited. This limit also applies to damage dealt by Burgeon and Hyperbloom.
* Unless otherwise stated, the target of mechanics and effects triggered by Elemental Reactions are monsters.
* Use the special properties of the Quicken reaction to grant greater power to Electro or Dendro attacks.
* When a creature is under the effect of Dendro and Electro at the same time, the mysterious Quicken reaction will take place.<br>When creatures affected by this status are attacked by Dendro or Electro again, another reaction will then be triggered...
* When a Quickened entity is attacked by Dendro or Electro, they will trigger [[Spread]] or [[Aggravate]] respectively, which will cause additional DMG.
* When Dendro Cores created by Dendro and Hydro reacting with one another encounter Electro, they will create Sprawling Shots. This reaction is known as "[[Hyperbloom]]".
* When Dendro Cores created by Dendro and Hydro reacting with one another encounter Pyro, they will explode violently.<br>This is a derivative of the Bloom reaction that has been named "[[Burgeon]]".
* When Dendro meets Hydro, the resulting [[Bloom]] reaction will generate Dendro Cores.<br>Only a certain number of such Dendro Cores may exist at any one time. Perhaps that is just a core principle of the elements.
* When Dendro meets Hydro, the resulting reaction will generate Dendro Cores. These mysterious Dendro crystallizations will undergo another layer of reactions when they come into contact with fire or electricity...

===Elemental Sigils===
* Elemental Sigils of every kind can be found all over Teyvat, where the seven elements flow and converge. They are said to be a sign of the [[gods]]' favor.

===Elements===
* Certain [[Talents]] and [[Constellations]] can give some characters' weapons [[elemental infusions]]. Such infusions can cause the elemental attributes of attacks to be changed for a period of time...
* Dealing elemental DMG generates energy-rich Elemental Particles and Orbs. Collect them to restore [[energy]] for characters in your [[Party]].
* Seven elements are found in Teyvat: [[Hydro]], [[Pyro]], [[Cryo]], [[Geo]], [[Anemo]], [[Electro]], and [[Dendro]]. The interaction between elements produces some weird and wonderful results.
* The building blocks of this world and the source of many miraculous things. All sorts of things happen when elements interact. Adventurers, travelers, and warriors all use [[elemental reactions]] to get things done at a fraction of the effort it might otherwise take.

===Energy===
* Hitting an opponent with a [[Normal Attack|Normal]] or [[Charged Attack]] may replenish your character's [[Energy]].

===Energy Regeneration===
* Not all Elemental Energy Regeneration effects will take effect on characters with special energy mechanics.

===Equipment Enhancement===
* Higher level [[weapons]] and [[artifacts]] can provide a lot of experience when used to enhance weapons.

===Expeditions===
* At the Adventurers' Guild, you can dispatch characters on [[expeditions]] to earn extra materials while you're off on adventures.

===Exploration and Adventure===
* Adventurers are explorers at heart. If you spot a fragile-looking [[Rock Pile|rock pile]] on your adventure, try breaking it open to see what treasure it might contain.
* [[Butterflies]] are drawn to flowers, and [[fireflies]] are more easily visible at night. To catch insects, learn their habits. It is said there are even [[Crystalfly|crystalflies]] attracted to elemental energy.
* Countless treasures are scattered across the land, just waiting to see the light of day once more...
* [[Elemental Sight]] reveals the elemental composition of the things around you. Sometimes, it can even help you solve puzzles.
* Experienced adventurers plan their route before scaling a mountain or cliff face. Stopping at suitable points along the way lets you gather your wits and recover [[stamina]].
* [[Exploration]] is the bread and butter of an adventurer. Solving unknown mysteries, discovering hidden treasures and collecting lost divine [[Oculi]] can increase a region's Exploration Progress.
* Occasionally, you might find shrubs contain items dropped by a monster or traveler.
* The [[Map|mini-map]] shows your current position and things in the surrounding area. [[Anemoculi]] and other elemental oculi will show up here.
* The whole world brims with elemental energy, including many plants and ore deposits. Perhaps you can gather them by using the right element.

===Fatui===
* A Snezhnayan organization that has spread out all over the continent. They seem to be actively plotting something...
* A Snezhnayan organization. They seem to possess an incredible level of technology, and are even able to take apart and analyze [[Ruin Guard]]s.
* A Snezhnayan organization. Though they often prefer using forceful diplomacy to get their way, they will not hesitate to use force itself either...
* An organization from Snezhnaya that is loyal to the [[Tsaritsa]]. Its [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Harbingers]] are on the hunt for the [[Gnosis|Gnoses]].
* The [[Northland Bank]] hails from Snezhnaya, and has branches in many places. When the Fatui operate outside Snezhnaya, they will use funds provided by the Bank, and even use it as their base of operations...
* They use [[Delusion]]s that grant them power similar to that of [[Vision]]s in combat.<br>But as they say, everything has its price.

===Fishing===
* Grasping the living habits of different species of fish is a necessary skill for an angler.<br>There may even be some fish in Teyvat that do not show up until night time...
* Many members of the [[Fishing Association]] consider fish more attractive than Mora.<br>You can trade Fish with them for valuable rewards.

===Forging===
* Look after your weapon, and it will look after you. Blacksmiths can make new weapons, turn [[Billet|prototype weapons]] into battle-ready ones, and make [[Refinement Materials|refinement materials]] from raw ore.

===Genius Invokation TCG===
* An active character will be knocked away when affected by an Overloaded reaction. The next character on standby will be forced to become the active character.
* At the start of every Round, 8 Elemental Dice are rolled to determine your resource allotment for this round.
* Different TCG players visit The Cat's Tail every week. You can invite them for a duel at any time.
* Elemental Attacks will apply the corresponding Character Card with the relevant Element.
* In the Adventure Challenges of Genius Invokation TCG, you can view the opponent's arrangement of character actions through the Intent System.
* In the Adventure Challenges of Genius Invokation TCG, you need to pay attention to the number of your opponent's remaining Character Cards. Sometimes, there is more than meets the eye on the battlefield...
* Some Skills and Event Cards turn Switching Active Character into Fast Actions. This will allow you to continue your Round after switching characters.
* Switch active characters to avoid upcoming damage from the opponent.
* Switching Active Character is a Combat Action. After switching, your opponent will start their Round.
* The Frozen reaction will disable the affected character from making any actions in the current round.
* When different Elements that can trigger an Elemental Reaction are applied to the same Character Card, an Elemental Reaction will occur.
* You can challenge registered players to a duel at The Cat's Tail using the duel invitation board by the counter.
* You can change the Card Back through Edit Deck.
* You can locate card players who are up for a challenge in the open world through the Casket of Tomes' sensor mechanism devised by a Sumeru researcher.

===Gliding License===
* One actually has to go through a strict examination and obtain the relevant license before they can use a wind glider.

===Heated Battle Mode: Omnipotent Guide===
* In "[[Heated Battle Mode]]: Omnipotent Guide" matches, card duelists no longer have to roll Elemental Dice during the Roll Phase.<br>Instead, both sides will obtain 8 Omni Dice directly!

===Heated Battle Mode: Reinforcements===
* In Heated Battle Mode: Reinforcements, all character switches will be considered Fast Actions.<br>Additionally, every time you defeat an opposing character, the turn-initiative remains with you.

===Heated Battle Mode: Sprinting Stratagems===
* During the Roll Phase: Receive 4 Omni Dice and 4 different random Elemental Dice.<br>The first Action Card played each Round will cost 2 fewer Elemental Dice.<br>Switching Character Cards is always a Fast Action.

===Heated Battle Mode: Tactical Formation===
* During Heated Battle Mode: Tactical Formation, you and your opponent will use Character Cards selected on the spot and randomly generated Action Cards to battle!

===Heated Battle Mode: The Profound Purpose of Practice===
* During matches played in Heated Battle Mode: The Profound Purpose of Practice, the first Skill or Equipped Talent for every character each Round will cost 1 fewer die.<br>The first Action Card played each Round will cost 2 fewer dice.

===If at First You Don't Succeed...===
* If you fall in battle, get up and keep fighting. If you run out of energy, find ways to strengthen yourself. And when you fail, learn from the experience. Onwards and upwards &mdash; never give up.
* No matter what happens: never give up hope, and never lose courage.

==="Imaginarium Theater"===
* A challenge left behind by a witch from days past that requires a cast composed of many collaborating companions to complete.<br>Just as she wrote in her tale, friendship and the journey itself were the keys to guiding the heroes.
* During performances, complete Star Challenges to increase the overall performance rating...
* During performances, you may encounter "Mystery Caches."<br>Blessings are not the only favors bestowed by fate. "Caches" can sometimes appear as "trials."
* During performances, you may encounter Wondrous Boons, which will provide your cast with various buffs in battle.<br>The twists and turns of the plot are unpredictable, but at least they are far gentler than the whims of the fate that governs the world.
* During performances, you may sometimes receive external support from the audience...
* During performances, you will sometimes encounter "Stage Effects." Only by paying attention to the variables introduced by such effects can a masterful performance be put on...
* Select whatever performance difficulty you'd like.<br>The number of possible "stories" is infinite, as are the number of choices "you" can make.
* The number of Acts your companions can perform in during a single show depends on "Vigor."<br>Stories yearn for "that which is new," much like the world itself.
* The only constant in this world is change, and the theater's theme is no exception.<br>The theme of the Imaginarium Theater changes over time, revealing new challenges and treasures. So, too, will the eligibility requirements also shift, as well as the Special Guest Stars.
* You can only form a team out of companions who meet the eligibility requirements for the current season.<br>However, there are also special guests who are not subject to these restrictions. They may freely participate.

===Inazuma===
* Inazuma is presently [[Sakoku Decree|closed to the outside world]] and cannot be accessed by normal methods. However, the [[Crux Fleet]] seems to have a unique way to get in and out...
* The Raiden Shogun is the deity who rules over Inazuma. She possesses power sufficient to call down the thunderstorm that has [[Climate#A Nation Closed by Thunder|sealed Inazuma off]]...

===Leveling Up===
* [[Elemental Skill]]s, [[Elemental Burst]]s, and [[Normal Attack]]s can all be boosted with [[Talent Level-Up Material|specific consumables]].
* When a character reaches a certain level, they must [[Character#Ascensions|Ascend]] before they can level up further. Sometimes, Ascension confers new [[Talents]].

===Ley Line Blossom===
* [[Ley Line Blossom|Blossoms]] formed from ley line deposits generated from the impeded flow of elemental energy. They appear when adventurers complete certain arduous challenges to rid the area of the source of the elemental malady. Use [[Original Resin]] to claim their hidden treasures.
* Flowers that bloom at Ley Line openings. Defeat all opponents in the Ley Line opening challenge and consume Original Resin to obtain a rich bounty.

===Ley Line Disorder===
* All [[Domains]] are said to be constructed on ley lines. The energy surging through them can affect the Domains in unpredictable ways. These effects are known as [[Ley Line Disorder|ley line disorders]].
* Assembling your [[Party]] strategically based on the effects of the ley line disorder makes tackling Domains much quicker and easier.

===Ley Lines===
* A mysterious network that links the whole world together, within which flow the elements. It's said the [[Ley Lines]] remember all things that happen in this world, from the surface down to the deepest depths...

===Mare Jivari===
* An endless plain of ash where the wind does not blow. The dreams of many an experienced adventurer has ended there, and many a traveler has ceased their sojourn on its account.

===Mora===
* It is a catalyst of sorts, in that it is a medium for physical transformation. That is why so many things can only be accomplished through the use of Mora.
* The currency accepted worldwide in Teyvat. None dispute its value and status.

===Original Resin===
* [[Original Resin]] gradually replenishes by absorbing elemental energy from the natural environment. Alternatively, you can replenish it more quickly using a certain variety of [[Primogem|highly precious gem]].
* Revitalizes Petrified Trees (Domains) and Ley Line Blossoms (open world).

===Paimon===
* The best travel companion ever!

===Petrified Tree===
* It is said that the roots of all the [[Irminsul|Petrified Trees]] in the world are intertwined at the deepest, most hidden place in the earth, and that the pattern the root system makes defines the ley lines of the world.

===Quest===
* Sometimes, there are other things happening in places where you need to go to progress quests...<br>You can view the positions of these occurrences through the Quest Menu.

===Quests===
* In the [[Quest]] Menu, {{Control|tap|click|press}} the small button on the right side of a quest entry to toggle its pin on the [[map]].
* Sometimes in quests, characters will be busy with other matters. In the Quest Menu, you can view which characters are occupied during each quest.
* Use Navigate in the Quest Menu to help get your bearings and find your way to objectives.
* When you are navigating to a quest objective, you can press the indicator below the mini-map to show a path that guides the way.

===Repertoire of Myriad Melodies===
* You can use the [[Repertoire of Myriad Melodies]], a gift from [[Sansa]] the bard, to play music from all over Teyvat and songs related to your adventure companions.

===Riding the Wind===
* [[Wind Currents|Upcurrents]] can help you reach high-up places.

===Ruins Torches===
* They say the insignia on the platform sealing the chest hints at the direction of the [[Ruins Torch|ruins torch]]. Some adventurers utilize this clue when hunting for treasure.

===Seelie===
* A certain race, once all-mighty, has been cursed to degenerate into nothing but these empty husks.
* Now you see them, now you don't. Once a mighty race that lived to guide mankind, now the most Seelie offer is a little treasure to willing followers.
* Seelie all want to return to their Seelie Courts. If you see the remains of a small statue like this, you can use [[Elemental Sight]] to find traces of the Seelie...

===Settings===
* You can adjust the camera sensitivity in [[Settings]].

===Shields===
* [[Shield Strength]] is required to make your [[shields]] more durable. Depending on characters' Shield Strength, the same shield may have different levels of durability when protecting different characters.
* Some shields have an [[Elemental]] Type. Most Elemental Shields can absorb more DMG from attacks of the same elemental type. However, Geo Shields are unique in that they have increased absorption against all Elemental and [[Physical]] DMG.

===Shrines of Depths===
* Precious offerings are sealed within these ancient shrines erected on Teyvat's surface. Keys to the [[Shrines of Depths]] can be found in some [[Domains]].

===Slimes===
* Lowly life forms of minimal intelligence, made from condensed elemental energy. But ignore them for too long, and they just might become a bigger problem.

===Sourcing Items===
* You can read up on an item's source so you know how to find more of it in the future. Knowledge is power!

===Stamina===
* Prudent adventurers know to keep an eye on their [[stamina]] level.
* Stamina is crucial during combat, not just while exploring. [[Sprinting#Dash|Dodging]] and using [[Charged Attack]]s (melee/catalyst) both deplete stamina.
* [[Swimming]] and [[climbing]] deplete stamina. What happens when stamina runs out at the wrong time? Only one way to find out...

===Statues' Lost Oculi===
* [[Statues of The Seven]] once watched over the land with elemental [[oculi]]. They have since been pecked out and carried to far-flung corners of the world. Only the intrepid adventurer may retrieve them.
* The statues will bless those who return elemental oculi of the right type to them.

===Taking Photos===
* Keep mementos of the sights and experiences of your adventure. When taking a [[Photo Mode|photo]], you can change your character's pose.

===Teleport Waypoints===
* Places you can [[Teleport Waypoints|teleport]] to. The easiest way to get around in Teyvat.

===Theater Lobby===
* A mysterious room in the depths of the Knights of Favonius Library.<br>Just what is it used for...?
* A safe and comfortable place. Only guests who have received invitations may enter.<br>Begin performances in the "Imaginarium Theater" through the "Fantasia Tome" in the Theater Lobby.
* A safe and comfortable place. Only guests who have received invitations may enter.<br>It is said to be located between "fantasy truth" and "true fantasy."
* A safe and comfortable place. Only guests who have received invitations may enter.<br>You may also invite companions to share enjoy free time and delicious refreshments together.
* According to the official, public proclamations of the Knights of Favonius, the massive, sturdy poplar door in the basement of the Library leads to the Restricted Section.<br>Few know the true nature of the Restricted Section, which is said to hide secrets far more profound and inscrutable...

===Thespian Tricks===
* "All living things are actors upon fate's stage, rising and falling with the curtains, the applause, and flourishing blossoms."
* As the theme of the Imaginarium Theater changes, Wolfy may think up new "Thespian Tricks."

===Time===
* Just as the elements of the world count seven, so do the days of the week. [[Weekly Bosses|Some large creatures of Teyvat]] will regain their strength every [[Reset|Monday at 4:00 AM]], including the [[Wolf of the North Challenge|legendary guardian]] of [[Wolvendom]]...
* Time flies by when contemplating life, the universe, and everything...

===Treasure Hoarders===
* An infamous transnational organization identifiable by their Ravenwing motif. Their members are a rag-tag bunch of ruffians with precious little in their heads beyond an obsession with treasure.

===Vision===
* Rumor has it that when someone's wishes are extremely powerful, the [[gods]] will peer down upon him, and a [[Vision]] will appear...

===Vision Hunt Decree===
* A major policy being pursued in [[Inazuma]]. Its final objective is to collect all the [[Vision]]s within the nation.<br>The [[Raiden Shogun]] seems to believe that this method will allow the nation to attain "eternity"...

===Weapons===
* For adventurers and warriors, a [[weapon]] is one's most trusted companion. Enhance your weapon with [[Weapon Enhancement Materials|refinement ore]] and it, like you, will go from strength to strength.
* It is said that some weapons will even change shape after reaching certain developmental milestones...
* Some weapons in this world have turned back into billets over the course of their long existence. Only a skilled smith can restore them to their former glory.
* Weapons of the same type can be combined using the [[Weapon#Refining|Refine]] function. Refinement increases your weapon's strength.
* When a weapon reaches a certain level, it must [[Weapon#Leveling/Ascensions|Ascend]] before it can be enhanced further. Ascension makes your weapon more powerful.

===Weather===
* Experienced travelers know to prepare for any [[weather]] conditions. Weather conditions may impact your travel plans and combat strategy. An outstanding adventurer knows how to exploit or defy the weather conditions at every turn.

===Wind Gliders===
* There are all sorts of [[wind gliders]] in the world. Try putting on a new pair of wings to take to the skies and soar across mountains, plains, and rivers &mdash; you might find the experience quite refreshing.

==="Wolfy"===
* A diligent and serious concierge.<br>Though he may be naught but a stuffed toy, he's still really hardworking.
* A soft and cuddly stuffed toy that seems somewhat similar to a character in a certain fairytale...
* Wolfy will exchange the Toy Medals you've accumulated through your performances for precious "Thespian Tricks"!

===World===
* [[Teyvat]] has its own "laws."

===World Quests===
* On your adventure, you will encounter people who seem to be in dire need of help. Talk to these people, and they'll often have something for you to assist with.
* The world is full of all sorts of big opportunities and daunting challenges, as well as small errands... Travelers eager to lend a helping hand to others may come across valuable rewards for their troubles.

===World Within the Painting===
* A marvelous Domain that is accessed from the canvas in the Theater Lobby.<br>It may appear differently to different companions...
* Complete specific Performance Challenges within the Imaginarium Theater to obtain Keys of Echoes to unlock the challenge for cosmetics within the world of the painting...
* Some challenges have multiple stages.<br>Complete the objectives in each stage one by one to obtain your final reward.

[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[es:Pantalla de carga/Otros]]
[[ja:ロード画面/その他]]
[[vi:Màn Hình Chờ/Khác]]