{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.2]]
* More [[Natlan]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 5.0]]
* [[Natlan]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 4.8]]
* [[Simulanka]]-related messages were added.
* More [[Imaginarium Theater]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 4.7]]
* Removed "Spiral Abyss" message: "Blessing of the Abyssal Moon changes with the phases of the moon. The Spiral Abyss contains two kinds of blessings, one of which belongs to the night sky of an unknown land."
* [[Imaginarium Theater]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 4.6]]
* More [[Fontaine]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 4.4]]
* [[Chenyu Vale]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 4.2]]
* More [[Fontaine]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 4.1]]
* More [[Fontaine]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 4.0]]
* [[Fontaine]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 3.8]]
* [[Veluriyam Mirage]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 3.6]]
* More [[Sumeru]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 3.4]]
* More [[Sumeru]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 3.1]]
* More [[Sumeru]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* [[Sumeru]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 2.8]]
* '''2022-07-15:'''
** More [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]-related messages were added.
** "[[Summertime Odyssey]]" event-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* [[The Chasm (Subregion)|The Chasm]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* '''2022-02-17:''' "[[Three Realms Gateway Offering]]" event-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* [[Enkanomiya]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Many more Inazuma-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 1.6]]
*'''2021-06-29:''' [[Inazuma]]-related and Vision Hunt Decree messages were added.
*'''2021-06-11:''' [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] and Dodoking-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* [[Serenitea Pot]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 1.3]]
* '''2021-02-10:''' [[Yaksha]]-related messages were added.
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* '''2020-12-24:''' Fixes an issue where the PC client's Korean-language loading interface has incorrect text.
* '''2020-12-23:'''
** [[Dragonspine]]-related messages were added.
** In a loading screen message, the term "[[Seelie]] Gardens" has been renamed into "Seelie Courts".
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Loading Screen was released<!-- with X messages-->.
<noinclude>
[[fr:Écran de chargement/Historique]]
</noinclude>