{{LoadingScreenTabs}}

==Abode==
* A realm created by the [[adepti]]. Abodes have their own rules and logic, and are in some ways no different from pocket dimensions.

==Adeptal Energy==
* A mysterious power bestowed by the adepti.<br>Use it to interact with the Ley Lines in [[Chenyu Vale]] to create a variety of incredible effects.
* If you use your adeptal energy well, you might prove able to move some seemingly cumbersome objects...
* It may be that no one is born an adeptus, nor will any remain one forever. The definition of "adeptus" ultimately depends on people "believing" in such.

==Adventurers' Guild==
* The Adventurers' Guild is active all across Teyvat, exploring lands full of mystery and secrets. Even a great cavern filled with unknown perils like [[The Chasm]] will not daunt them.<br>Even if they will pay a heavy price for their deeds, they will press onward. This is the spirit of the adventurer!
* The [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] will sometimes hire some adventurers to perform exploratory and cartographic work for [[Liyue]].

==Amber==
* Organic, crystalline formations known as [[Amber Rock|Amber]] can be found on [[Mt. Hulao]] in [[Jueyun Karst]]. Who knows what treasures may be found within them?

==Azhdaha==
* [[Azhdaha|A great dragon of rock]] that once wreaked havoc in olden times is sealed within the depths of the earth at [[Nantianmen]]...

==Bishui River==
* "...Jade shall rise from sunken mouth..."
* "...The spring's cries ripple through the vales, the shrines depart from northeast shores. The heights and shallows in the southwest hide, sun and earth from each other divide, the eternal whirlpool that never churns, the beautiful jade concealed within..."
* A river that connects [[Qiaoying Village]] and [[Yilong Wharf]]. Boasts beauteous natural scenery and well-developed waterborne transport infrastructure.

==Carefree Simulacrum==
* Adeptus statues left behind by the ancient people of Chenyu Vale.<br>If you listen patiently to such statues and their words, you might make some unexpected discoveries...

==Chenyu Vale==
* Due to the [[Strange Phenomenon: Miasma|miasma]], Chenyu Vale's mountains and forests have yet to be fully developed by humans, even to this day.
* Located in Liyue's hilly northwestern region. Famed for its abundance of tea and jade production.
* They say that this land once held allegiance to a different god, back in the distant past.

==City Reputation==
* [[Liyue]] is the beating heart of commerce and mercantile activity. If you can earn [[Ms. Yu]]'s trust, perhaps she might grant you access to priceless and otherwise unobtainable recipes...
* Once you have gained enough Reputation and won the trust of [[Liyue]]'s people, some merchants may be willing to give you discounts.

==City Reputation: Bounties==
* Perilous creatures will sometimes emerge and menace the outskirts of [[Liyue]]. [[Ms. Yu]] from the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] pays attention to rumors of such monsters, recording and investigating each one with care. Once your Reputation reaches a certain level, you will be able to view these monster bounties.

==City Reputation: Requests==
* Meeting the needs of [[Liyue]]'s people is the sworn duty of the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]. But there is a limit to just how much people can do, and tasks have been piling up at Ms. Yu's desk. Once your Reputation reaches a certain level, you will gain access to Liyue's requests. Solving people's problems will surely raise your standing with them, right?

==Cocogoat==
* The legendary [[adepti]]beast.

==Cooking==
* [[Wanmin Restaurant]] of [[Liyue Harbor#Chihu Rock 2|Chihu Rock]] is a favorite of food lovers. They also offer food to take away and sell cooking ingredients, so travelers and adventurers love it too.

==Dark Mud==
* A mysterious poisonous substance bursts forth from rifts underground. It has a lethal effect on any life it touches.<br>But when some monsters are within this sludge, they become stronger and more powerful...
* A mysterious substance that can contaminate the ground and have ill-effects on humans. Of these, the [[Oozing Concretions]] can only be destroyed via the application of Blooming Light from a [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]].
* The Oozing Concretions are the core of the dark mud. Destroying them is thus key to dispelling the threat of the mud.<br>However, Concretions resistant to such attempts also exist.

==Elemental Sigils==
* [[Geo Sigil]]s are found throughout the vast land of [[Liyue]] as a reward for finding treasure and completing challenges. You might find [[Xingxi|someone]] in [[Liyue Harbor]] who offers rare treasures in return for them.

==Fatui==
* The [[Fatui]] are also at work here within [[The Chasm]].<br>Due to their contact with the surface having been cut off, they don't seem to be aware of what happened outside at all...

==Fishing==
* [[Jiawei]] of [[Liyue Harbor]] knows quite a lot about fishing and is happy to share some of his fishing supplies with people who share his interests.

==Flighty Simulacrum==
* Adeptus statues left behind by the ancient people of Chenyu Vale.<br>Though but stone sculptures, they give off a floaty sort of feeling regardless.

==Forging==
* [[Liyue]] is home to a time-honored smithy called [[Hanfeng's Ironmongers]]. The craft has been passed down for generations and quality is guaranteed. Your ore and billets will be safe in the hands of [[Master Zhang]].

==Fujin==
* An ancient, legendary adeptus of Chenyu Vale. This is the being who, it is said, once granted tea to the people of Chenyu Vale and defended the peace in the land.
* It is said that this adeptus could bring great fortune and protect people on their travels. Jade ornaments carved with this personage's figure are popular amongst merchants and sailors in Yilong Wharf.

==Geograna==
* In the wild, you may come across oddly-shaped crystals in which live [[Geograna]]. These curious Geo beings will follow you around. Take one near a certain lamp-shaped object and see what happens...

==Geovishap==
* A vishap that dwells amidst the mountains and that has a rock-hard carapace. After many years have passed, [[Geovishap Hatchling]]s will shed the armor that originally protected them and become mature [[Geovishap]]s.
* Geovishaps that have survived for many years and have accumulated vast amounts of power will become [[Primo Geovishap]]s.

==Golden Carp's Leap==
* Once you're inside the water droplets in the form of a Golden Carp, you can go anywhere you please.

==Guhua Clan==
* This was once a flourishing martial arts school, once lauded as the "masters of sword and spear."

==Herblord==
* An ancient adeptus spoken of in the legends of Chenyu Vale. It is said that this entity taught medical arts to the people of the vale, saved those in crisis, and spread remedies for their maladies.

==Infusion Stones==
* There's legend of a strange stone in [[Liyue]] infused with incredible elemental energy that even affects nearby monsters with elemental affixes. If you wait too long to destroy these Infusion Stones, the monsters will become more and more dangerous...

==Liyue==
* A bountiful harbor that lies in the East. Mountains stand tall and proud alongside the stone forest, that together with the open plains and flowing rivers make up [[Liyue]]'s breathtaking landscape.
* Liyue is dotted with ancient ruins. One of these is the monumental [[Guizhong Ballista]], which was constructed using highly advanced engineering skills.

==Liyue Harbor==
* A harbor city built from the ground up by [[Rex Lapis]], known all over as a wealthy trading hub. "Where merchants flock and all ships dock, and over the oceans flows its stock."

==Lumenstone==
* A marvelous ore found specifically within The Chasm. However, it can only glow underground within The Chasm, possibly due to its reliance on The Chasm's unique Ley Line conditions.
* A marvelous ore found specifically within The Chasm. It only exists within the dark underground tunnels. It has the wondrous power to store energy and release light.
* A mysterious [[Lumenstone Ore|ore]] that can only be found underground in [[The Chasm]].

==Lumenstone Adjuvant==
* An adjuvant made from processed Lumenstone ore.<br>When refined and enhanced up to a certain point, it can release its stored energy and destroy nearby [[Oozing Concretions]].
* An adjuvant made from refined Lumenstone ore.<br>It can store energy and emit light. Some of its energy can also be used to activate some mysterious devices.
* An adjuvant made from refined Lumenstone ore.<br>It can store energy and emit light. The amount of energy it can store is intimately related to its enhancement level.
* An object with catalytic properties created from Lumenstone Ore.<br>When in the [[The Chasm/Underground Mines|Underground Mines]], this Adjuvant can produce light, bringing a small amount of comfort to an otherwise dreary trek.

==Miasma==
* An anomalous phenomenon that has existed in the wilds of Chenyu Vale since ancient days. Beasts and monsters affected by this miasma will be all the fiercer for it.
* Defeat monsters affected by the miasma to locate its source. Then, use your adeptal energy to purify it.

==Millelith==
* While the [[Millelith]] stands guard, evil shall never prevail! Their main duty is to keep the peace in [[Liyue]].

==Ministry of Civil Affairs Specialist==
* The [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] has specifically sent [[Muning|this person]] to [[The Chasm]].<br>Their main duties are to maintain the sealed state of The Chasm and to make sure that supplies reach those staffing the area.

==Qiaoying Village==
* A peaceful little village. A place indispensable to Liyue's tea production.
* A peaceful little village. A place that is indispensable to Liyue's tea production.<br>For reasons unknown, both the production and taste of tea have suffered greatly recently...
* As far as Teyvat is concerned, Liyue is the homeland of tea. And as far as Liyue is concerned, Qiaoying Village is the hometown of tea.
* During an ancient festival known as the "tea-serving ceremony," people offer up freshly brewed tea leaves to Adeptus [[Fujin]] in gratitude for the planting of the first tea tree.
* Just like tea leaves themselves, the scrumptious teacakes of Qiaoying are a local specialty.

==Qixing==
* The [[Liyue Qixing|elite few]] who govern the land of [[Liyue]].

==Sacred Simulacra==
* Mysterious constructs left in the mountains by the ancestors of the people of Chenyu Vale. It is said that these statues take three different forms, each of which has its own unique power.

==Seelie==
* [[The Chasm]]'s unique climate has caused even the Seelie to mutate. Being close to a [[Luminous Seelie]] will gradually recharge the [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]]'s energy. The light from such a Seelie can also activate some devices.

==Serenitea Pot==
* [[Adepti]] use [[Serenitea Pot]]s as media through which they can channel their adeptal power and create realms and abodes.

==Seven-Star Array==
* As the name suggests, this arcane formation was laid down by the [[Liyue Qixing]]. This authority may not be gainsaid, nor are its [[Bedrock Key]]s anything if not unbreakable.

==Shroom-Kin==
* A giant mushroom guided by a mysterious light at the bottom of [[The Chasm]] to gain intelligence. It believes itself to have a great sense of humor.
* It is said that [[Xamaran]] was a name it took up from an old friend in [[Sumeru]].

==Spirit Carp==
* A pale Carp formed from Fujin's dispersed adeptal energies. If you return it to the [[Votive Rainjade]], you may receive the blessings of the land and soil.

==Spoutrock==
* A rock with strange physical properties that can store high-pressure air. Be wary when walking above them, as they might release a gout of pressurized air at any moment.

==Suanni==
* According to some ancient texts, the leader of these creatures is the adeptus known as the Mountain Lord.
* Luck-bringing beasts of legend. They are said to exorcise evil and bring people good luck.

==The Chasm==
* As [[Liyue]]'s main mine, [[The Chasm]] has actually never completely ceased to be used.<br>Although most of the miners were indeed dispersed, a small number of specially-authorized professional miners are still working here in case of any emergencies.
* As Liyue's major mining site, the situation at The Chasm is constantly under [[Yujing Terrace]]'s scrutiny.<br>Smuggling and theft will be swiftly dealt with by the [[Millelith]].
* It is said that an inverted city is situated somewhere deep within The Chasm...
* Many bandits and adventurers have dug all manner of secret paths through the mines.
* [[Dangerous Gas|Poisonous gases]] sometimes leak within underground mines. This is why the miners bring finches underground with them.
* Some poisonous gases that leak out within underground mines will explode when they make contact with fire. This is why no one lights fires within mines and use crystal lamps instead.
* The bizarre crystals within The Chasm have many names, one of which is "Wishstone."<br>Some superstitious miners believe that through certain strange methods, they can help make otherwise impossible wishes come true.
* The people of Liyue believe that a [[Yaksha]] now sleeps eternally beneath The Chasm due to a battle against the dark calamity that occurred five hundred years ago...
* The stony halls of The Chasm's depths are the battleground for two powers that surpass this world...
* The surface of this area is dotted with some strangely-shaped rock pillars. The miners say that these are holy relics left behind by an ancient battle the [[Morax|Lord of Geo]] fought there.<br>They will resonate when they receive significant impact. Whether this resonance will trigger any other interesting phenomena or not remains to be seen.
* The surface of this area is dotted with some [[Unique Rock Pillar|strangely-shaped rock pillars]]. They will resonate when they are hit hard. Whether this resonance will trigger any other interesting phenomena or not remains to be seen.<br>Regardless, such behavior seems inappropriate insofar as mine safety measures or Liyue's folk beliefs are concerned.
* There are some devices within The Chasm's depths that yearn for light. Some can be lit up by the [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]], and some require the consumption of the energy stored within it.

==The Chasm Exploration Team==
* A [[Chasm Exploration Team|team of people]] with various skillsets invited by [[Muning]], with funding from [[Khedive]].<br>Their main purpose is to delve into The Chasm and collect data on the Ley Line movements there.

==The Mountain Lord==
* The legendary lord of all beasts in Chenyu Vale. Some ancient manuscripts also portray this figure as an adeptus.

==The Yakshas==
* "Though they possessed great might, they could not escape the karma of their actions, becoming contaminated by lingering grudges."
* "[[Yaksha]]s are illuminated beasts of [[Liyue]], mighty and fierce in battle, killing in defense of order."

==Votive Rainjade==
* This spiritual object was once used by the ancestors to protect the region's water and soil in an ancient rite.

==Wangsheng Funeral Parlor==
* Due to the unique nature of their line of work, they accept commissions via wooden tiles left at their front door. Allegedly, some of these tiles have "Buy one get one free for the holder of this tile" written on them...

==Wangshu Inn==
* An inn that overlooks the [[Dihua Marsh]] and the [[Guili Plains]]. You wouldn't miss it if you set out from [[Mondstadt]] and follow the main road to [[Liyue Harbor]].

==Weasel Thief==
* Small creatures captured and trained by the [[Treasure Hoarders]], perhaps to help steal more treasure. But from the contents of their bags, it seems like they have nicked some loose change, at best.

==Wrathful Simulacrum==
* Adeptus statues left behind by the ancient people of Chenyu Vale.<br>Though always upset for reasons unknown, they seem willing to help you in your passage through the mountains.

==Wushou Dance==
* A performance art that imitates the actions and behavior of a Suanni. Symbolizes good fortune and jubilation.

==Yilong Wharf==
* A prosperous commercial port across the sea from [[Fontaine]]. Business is booming as people and goods come and go.
* Most believe that the "Yilong" here refers to "the jade left behind," but some scholars also hold that "Yilong" was once a result of miscopying of the word "dragon remnants," referring to the perilous nature of the mountains, something that has nothing to do with jade at all.
* The [[Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency]] is there for anyone worried about the safety of their goods!
[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[es:Pantalla de carga/Liyue]]
[[ja:ロード画面/璃月]]
[[vi:Màn Hình Chờ/Liyue]]