{{Faction Infobox
|image         = Lochknight Symbol.png
|leader        =
|founder       = 
|affiliation   = [[Remuria]]
|region        = Fontaine
}}

The '''Lochknights''' were a group of knights who were charged with the duty of protecting [[Lochfolk|Oceanids]]. They were also one of the rebel groups led by the Lochknight [[Erinnyes (NPC)|Erinnyes]] to resist [[Remus]]' rule over [[Remuria]].

After Remuria's fall, the group disbanded and took their own paths onward.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Golden Night's Bustle}}</ref>

==History==
The Lochknights began in the sanctuaries of [[Remuria]], ancient [[Fontaine]]. They swore by their armor of silver that they will do anything to protect the Oceanids and resist the tyrannical rule of the God King Remus.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Silver Goblet of the Pristine Sea}}</ref> The very first Lochknight went on self-exile from Remuria and concealed themselves in the wilderness alongside the Oceanids. They believed that through their self-exile and rigorous training, they would repay a sin "far beyond redemption".<ref>{{Ref/Domain|Denouement of Sin}}</ref>

One named member of the Lochknights, a female singer named [[Erinnyes (NPC)|Erinnyes]] whose tribe had been among those destroyed by Remuria, wielded the [[Splendor of Tranquil Waters]] and fought against Remus' armies.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Splendor of Tranquil Waters}}</ref> The Lochknights' battle against Remuria was described to have many "unimaginable trials" and "sufferings." When Remuria finally fell, [[Egeria]] arrived and settled the conflict. After the new order was established and Egeria was chosen as the Hydro Archon of Fontaine, the Lochknights shed their armor and disbanded. Erinnyes abandoned her sword in a lake and she was never seen again. 

==Legacy==
The Lochknights inspired renowned opera plays like the comedy "Mounted Python & the Pure Grail," which was based on a Lochknight tale. It also inspired an unnamed but emotional play featuring a farewell scene between Erinnyes and Egeria that made some of the audience cry.<ref>Interactable: [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region#Thick Experimental Report|Thick Experimental Report]]</ref>

The [[Fontinalia Festival]] was established to commemorate the Lochknights.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lochknight
|zhs     = 纯水骑士
|zhs_rm  = Chún shuǐ qíshì
|zht     = 純水騎士
|zht_rm  = Chún shuǐ qíshì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 純水騎士
|ja_rm   = Junsui kishi
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 물의 기사
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = {{MC|Cabellero|Caballera|nomc=1}} Aguapura
|es_tl   = Purewater {{MC|Knight|mf=1}}
|fr      = Chevalier de source
|fr_tl   = Knight of Spring
|ru      = Рыцарь чистых родников
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = อัศวินแห่งน้ำบริสุทธิ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kỵ Sĩ Nước Trong
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = {{MC|Okeanidenritter|Okeanidenritterin|nomc=1}}
|de_tl   = Oceanid Knight
|id      = Lochknight
|pt      = Cavaleiro da Água Pura
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Göl Şövalyesi<!--case is correct?-->
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cavaliere di Loch<!--Cavaliere delle Loch ; Cavaliere delle Lochfolk-->
|it_tl   = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}