{{About|the entities known as "Lochfolk"|the [[Normal Boss]]|Rhodeia of Loch}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Species
|type2        = Lore
}}
The '''Lochfolk''', known by outsiders as '''Oceanids''', are a species made of pure Hydro energy, similar to [[Slimes]]. Thus far, they appear to be all female. They are able to control water and mimic real life forms with water.

==Overview==
The Lochfolk originate from [[Fontaine]] and are devotees of the previous Hydro [[Archon]]. She tasked them with spreading all over [[Teyvat]] as spies, not out of any malicious intent, but rather as a way to connect everyone like how water is connected. After the previous Hydro Archon died and was replaced by the [[God of Justice]], the Lochfolk did not get along with the new Hydro Archon. As a result, many have gone on a self-imposed exile from Fontaine.<ref name="Life Flow II">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (II)}}</ref>

As their name implies, Lochfolk are closely linked to water. They are born from the water's essence.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Heart of Clear Springs|1}}.</ref> Not only can they control water, their very life is directly connected to water &mdash; and changes to the water in their surroundings can affect their health. For example, [[Rhodeia]]'s enmity towards [[Endora]] turned the water bitter, nearly killing the younger Oceanid and threatening to ruin Mondstadt's water supply. Endora was able to recover by taking in the sweet water in Springvale, which was blessed by their fellow Oceanid known as the Spring Fairy.<ref name="Life Flow I">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (I)}}</ref>

==Powers and Abilities==
Lochfolk are able to float through the air, and are capable of achieving significant speeds. In combat they manipulate water, both to fire a variety of Hydro attacks and to create [[Hydro Mimic|creatures]] formed out of water.

A Lochfolk's growth is very different from other creatures'. Separating from the others and departing from their homeland apparently causes them to lose much of their intelligence and they have to restore it over time.<ref name="Heart of CS">{{Ref/Book|Heart of Clear Springs}}</ref> Lochfolk learn and gain intelligence mainly by joining with water sources, whether spring water, rivers, or even a person's tears. One of the most potent sources is the water creatures created by another Lochfolk.<ref name="Life Flow I" /> They can also gain some intelligence by looking upon the moon's reflection in the water.<ref name="Heart of CS" />

Lochfolk are also capable of joining with each other, and prefer to do so likely because they used to be together back in their homeland, making living separately quite lonely.<ref name="Life Flow I"/> However, those that have left their homeland are wary of assassins, seemingly other Lochfolk that forcibly join with them and destroy their sense of self, which is apparently possible if the invader has a wicked mind.<ref name="Life Flow II"/> Unable to join with most other kinds of creatures due to the danger of drowning them, most Lochfolk are afraid to fall in love with humans, especially since Lochfolk are seemingly immortal while humans age and die. Because of this, they only talk to humans as children so that the people forget about them or assume that Lochfolk are imaginary when they grow up.<ref name="Heart of CS"/> This method doesn't always work, as some people remain loyal for most or even all of their lives, waiting for a response.

There appear to be two types of Lochfolks, those that embitter water and those that sweeten it. Based on current evidence, the type of water they produce seems to tied to their size. [[Rhodeia of Loch|Rhodeia]] and [[Hateful Oceanid|Urania]], two full sized Oceanids, are noted to have the ability to make water bitter,<ref> Event [[Wishful Drops]] Enemy: [[Hateful Oceanid]]</ref> while [[Endora]] and the [[Spring Fairy]] of [[Springvale]] produce sweet, refreshing water.

==Known Oceanids==
{| class="wikitable"
!Name
!Status
|-
|[[Endora]]
|Accompanying the [[Traveler]]
|-
|[[Rhodeia of Loch]]
|Residing in [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]]
|-
|[[Spring Fairy]]
|Residing in [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|-
|[[Urania]]
|The Hateful Oceanid; appeared in a [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword|Domain]] at [[Yaoguang Shoal]], [[Liyue]]
|}

==Trivia==
* The Spring Fairy's blessing is the reason why [[Diona]]'s drinks always taste delicious, no matter how disgusting the ingredients or flavor combinations are.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diona|5}}</ref> It is unclear whether all Lochfolk are capable of giving out blessings, as neither Rhodeia nor Endora have been mentioned to have such an ability.
* The English and Thai localizations are the only two languages to make a distinction between "Lochfolk" and "Oceanid." Based on a translation note in the Thai dialogue of [[Life Flows On (I)]], "Oceanid" is the name which outsiders use for Lochfolk.<ref>{{Lang|mini=1|th=Lochfolk (หรือที่คนภายนอกเรียกกันว่า Oceanid)|th_tl=Lochfolk (also known by outsiders as Oceanid).}}</ref>
* The Lochfolk's form resemble a real-life {{w|sea angel}}s, which may have been the inspiration for their design.
** This may also explain as to why they appear to be "all-female" as sea angels are protandrous hermaphrodites, animals that develop as males but can later reproduce as females too, meaning they have both reproductive organs.
** As Lochfolk are said to be able to join or bind together, this may refer to sea angels binding while mating and hunting together during this process.

===Etymology===
* The term Oceanid is derived from the {{w|Oceanids}} in Greek mythology, who were nymphs of springs; they have a male equivalent known as the {{w|Potamoi}}, who were the gods of rivers and streams.
** Rhodeia and Urania's names are directly lifted from those of Greek Oceanids, whereas Endora's name has no exact match but may be based off the Oceanid Eudora.
* The term Lochfolk is a portmanteau of {{wt|loch||Scottish Gaelic}} (lake) + {{wt|folk}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Lochfolk <small>({{w|Endonym and exonym|endonym}})</small><br />Oceanid <small>(exonym)</small>
|zhs      = 纯水精灵
|zhs_rm   = Chúnshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zht      = 純水精靈
|zht_rm   = Chúnshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zh_tl    = Pure Water Spirit
|zh_note  = {{zh|精灵|rm=Jīnglíng}} broadly refers to spirits, elves, fairies, and elementals. Notably, it has also been used to describe [[Barbatos]]' form before becoming an [[Archon]],<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref> [[Klee]] and [[Alice]]'s race,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered}}</ref> and [[Paimon]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Verr Goldet}}</ref>
|ja       = 純水精霊
|ja_rm    = Junsui Seirei<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The First Experiment: Elements|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Pure Water Spirit
|ko       = 물의 정령
|ko_rm    = Mul-ui Jeongryeong
|ko_tl    = Spirit of Water
|es       = Oceánida<!--also "Ondina"-->
|es_tl    = Oceanid
|fr       = Océanide
|fr_tl    = Oceanid
|ru       = Океанид<!--also "Дух воды"-->
|ru_tl    = Oceanid
|th       = Lochfolk <small>(endonym)</small><br />Oceanid <small>(exonym)</small>
|vi       = {{tt|Tinh Linh|精靈}} Nước Trong
|vi_tl    = Pure Water Spirit
|de       = Okeanide
|de_tl    = Oceanid
|id       = Lochfolk
|pt       = Oceanid
|tr       = 
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = 
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Oceánidas]]
[[ja:純水精霊]]