{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 30026
|image         = 
|type          = World
|group         = Random World
|characters    = Saigou; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|otherRewards  = 
*AR Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Lofty Gourmet''' is a [[Random World Quest]] that can activate in [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Saigou]]
#*Saigou will randomly choose one item between [[Tuna Sushi]], [[Egg Roll]], [[Onigiri]], and [[Dry-Braised Salted Fish]].
#Give the food to Saigou
#*Saigou's dialogue changes depending on the quality of the item submitted, but this will not affect rewards.

==Rewards==
{{Transclude|Random Event|Rewards}}
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A gourmet named Saigou is looking to try a dish...}}
{{#vardefine:QuestGatherID|(Tuna Sushi/Egg Roll/Onigiri/Dry-Braised Salted Fish)}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Saigou)
:'''Saigou:''' Expensive dishes served with exquisite utensils do not necessarily make for entrancing dishes...
:{{DIcon}} What are you talking about?
:'''Saigou:''' It's a pity that fine dining is everywhere these days, yet no one cares about everyday dishes...
:'''Saigou:''' Ah, you must be the Traveler, then? Let me introduce myself. I am Saigou, an Inazuman gourmet. I've been traveling around in search of true delicacies.
:{{DIcon}} There are real and fake delicacies?
:'''Saigou:''' Of course! Nowadays, you just need to pretty the food up, give it a fancy name, and have some celebrities promote them...
:'''Saigou:''' Such dishes, which emphasize appearances and gimmicks over the food quality itself, have become prevalent everywhere.
:'''Saigou:''' But I still believe that the quality of the food is the most important criteria when judging it.
:'''Saigou:''' But it's not easy find such dishes these days...
:'''Saigou:''' Traveler, if you are free, could you help me find such a dish?
:{{DIcon}} What would you like to eat?
::'''Saigou:''' Let me think... how about {{#var:QuestGatherID}}? Don't worry, I will pay you suitably for your trouble.
:{{DIcon}} Not going to find some yourself?
::'''Saigou:''' I... Ahem, my straightforward opinions have made me unwelcome among the city's restaurant owners.
::'''Saigou:''' If I went myself, I would probably be given the cold shoulder. That would make things awkward.
::'''Saigou:''' That's why I can only count on you, Traveler. Please bring a {{#var:QuestGatherID}} to me. I will prepare suitable payment.

----

;(Talk to Saigou)
:'''Saigou:''' Ready so soon with the {{#var:QuestGatherID}}? Let me have a try.
:;(Opens item submit menu)

----

;(Submitted '''Delicious Tuna Sushi''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm... Delicious! I can hardly believe that Tuna Sushi could be so good.
:'''Saigou:''' What's the secret... Could it be the preparation of the ingredients? It's so...
:'''Saigou:''' Traveler, thank you for bringing me such a moving dish.
:'''Saigou:''' Here is your payment. Please take it. Now, I really must get back to eating this Tuna Sushi...

;(Submitted '''Normal Tuna Sushi''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm... the freshness and luster of the tuna is top-notch, while the combination of sauces and rice is perfect.
:'''Saigou:''' My only complaint is that it's not sweet enough. Could something have gone wrong during the preparation of the ingredients?
:'''Saigou:''' Either way, the taste of this Tuna Sushi is very solid.
:'''Saigou:''' Here you go. Thank you for bringing me this dish.

;(Submitted '''Suspicious Tuna Sushi''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm... Such a strange taste... Is this really Tuna Sushi?
:'''Saigou:''' The fish doesn't have its typical flavor, while the rice doesn't have its normal texture... Uhh...
:'''Saigou:''' This taste... is really peculiar...
:'''Saigou:''' Ahem! Here you go. Please keep up the good work. I&mdash;I guess I'm off to try some other dishes...

----

;(Submitted '''Delicious Egg Roll''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm... Excellent! The key to a tasty Egg Roll lies in the cooking of the egg yolk and egg skin. This dish is flawless, whether be it in the seasoning or the temperature control.
:'''Saigou:''' To think that you were able to turn an ordinary dish such as Egg Roll into a perfect delicacy. There is no doubt that your skills are top notch.
:'''Saigou:''' Traveler, thank you for bringing me such a moving dish.
:'''Saigou:''' Here is your payment. Please take it. Now, I must really get back to tasting this Egg Roll...

;(Submitted '''Normal Egg Roll''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm... Overall, it's not bad. It's fresh and tender with a clear structure.
:'''Saigou:''' If I had to criticize one thing, it would be that the egg yolk seems a bit overcooked. Hmm... perhaps the cooking time wasn't managed well enough?
:'''Saigou:''' Either way, the taste of this Egg Roll is quite good indeed.
:'''Saigou:''' Here you go. Thank you for bringing me this dish.

;(Submitted '''Suspicious Egg Roll''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm, this strange taste... Is this really Egg Roll?
:'''Saigou:''' The original taste of the egg yolk... is indeed preserved, but it's too... too much.
:'''Saigou:''' This taste... is really peculiar...
:'''Saigou:''' Ahem! Here you go. Please keep up the good work. I&mdash;I guess I'm off to try some other dishes...

----

;(Submitted '''Delicious Onigiri''')
:'''Saigou:''' ...Th&mdash;This Onigiri! I can't believe what I'm tasting! Such exquisite texture, and the rich sauce that almost seems to be everywhere...
:'''Saigou:''' It is so wonderfully put together... All I can say is that I have never had such a perfect Onigiri!
:'''Saigou:''' Traveler, thank you for bringing me such a moving dish.
:'''Saigou:''' Here's your payment. Please take it. Now, back to feasting on this Onigiri...

;(Submitted '''Normal Onigiri''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm, this Onigiri is really...
:'''Saigou:''' I can taste the bold technique that you used, which is completely different from traditional cooking...
:'''Saigou:''' But it's just too bad that the cooking temperature was not managed well enough, causing the texture to be a bit too hard.
:'''Saigou:''' Nonetheless, I think you did a good job with this Onigiri.
:'''Saigou:''' Here you go. Thank you for bringing me this dish.

;(Submitted '''Suspicious Onigiri''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm, this strange taste... Can we really call this a Onigiri? The seaweed doesn't have its typical flavor, while the rice doesn't have its normal texture.
:'''Saigou:''' What's going on? My taste buds can't seem to identify this strange taste. I can't tell if its good or bad...
:'''Saigou:''' Anyway, this taste is just really, uh... really peculiar.
:'''Saigou:''' Ahem! Here you go. Please keep up the good work. I&mdash;I guess I'm off to try some other dishes...

----

;(Submitted '''Delicious Dry-Braised Salted Fish''')
:'''Saigou:''' The quality of this Dry-Braised Salted Fish is unbelievable!
:'''Saigou:''' Even with an ingredient as ordinary as fish, the special deep frying technique still manages to amaze.
:'''Saigou:''' Traveler, thank you for bringing me such a moving dish.
:'''Saigou:''' Here's your payment. You've more than earned it. Now, back to this Dry-Braised Salted Fish...

;(Submitted '''Normal Dry-Braised Salted Fish''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm... If we were to just go by the quality and taste, this Dry-Braised Salted Fish is no different from the ones I had in other places...
:'''Saigou:''' It's still good, though, don't get me wrong.
:'''Saigou:''' Here you go. Thank you for bringing me this dish.

;(Submitted '''Suspicious Dry-Braised Salted Fish''')
:'''Saigou:''' Hmm, this tastes most strange... Is this really Dry-Braised Salted Fish? This...
:'''Saigou:''' This taste really is, uh, unique...
:'''Saigou:''' Ahem! Here you go. Please keep up the good work. I&mdash;I guess I'm off to try some other dishes...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lofty Gourmet
|zhs     = 孤高的美食家
|zhs_rm  = Gūgāo de Měishíjiā
|zht     = 孤高的美食家
|zht_rm  = Gūgāo de Měishíjiā
|zh_tl   = Solitary Gourmet
|ja      = 孤高のグルメ
|ja_rm   = Kokou no Gurume
|ja_tl   = Solitary Gourmet
|ko      = 고고한 미식가
|ko_tl   = Aloof Gourmet
|es      = Gourmet arrogante
|es_tl   = Arrogant Gourmet
|fr      = Gourmet arrogant
|fr_tl   = Arrogant Gourmet
|ru      = Надменный гурман
|ru_tl   = Arrogant Gourmet
|th      = นักชิมผู้โดดเดี่ยว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nhà Ẩm Thực Cao Ngạo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der erhabene Feinschmecker
|de_tl   = The Sublime Gourmet
|id      = Gourmet Yang Kesepian
|id_tl   = Lonely Gourmet
|pt      = Gourmet Arrogante
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mağrur Gurme
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il nobile gourmet
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Quests by Type Navbox|type=Random World Quests}}

[[ja:孤高のグルメ]]