{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20037
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Long Distance Love.png
|npc           = Godwin
|startLocation = [[Windrise]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Windrise
|characters    = Glory; Godwin; Paimon; Traveler
|prev          = Whispers in the Wind
|prev2         = Glory's Wish
|prevNote2     = Completing either will unlock this commission
|rewards       = Dandelion Seed*3
|otherRewards  = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Long Distance Love''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Windrise]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Something seems to be troubling Godwin
# Talk to Godwin
# Give the [[Godwin's Letter|letter]] to Glory
# Report back to Godwin

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Godwin, a [[Knight of Favonius]], is yearning for his lover who stayed in Mondstadt. He's looking for someone to deliver a letter to her...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Godwin)
:'''Godwin:''' ...Ugh, I am so ready to just get back to Mondstadt...
:'''Godwin:''' Oh, Traveler! Hi! Can I ask you a favor?
:'''Godwin:''' As you can see, I'm with the Knights, and I'm on patrol right now.
:'''Godwin:''' I told my girlfriend I would send her a letter before too long, just to let her know I'm safe and sound.
:'''Godwin:''' Then things got busy and I forgot all about it... dear me. Could you deliver this {{color|buzzword|letter}} to her for me? Her name's {{color|buzzword|Glory}}...
:{{DIcon}} Wait&mdash; Glory?
:'''Paimon:''' The blind girl... [[Dandelion Seed]] collector...
:'''Paimon:''' Aha! You must be Godwin? Glory mentioned you!
:'''Godwin:''' Wha&mdash; How do you know Glory?
:{{DIcon}} She had us run an errand for her.
:'''Godwin:''' She made you run an errand, you say? I hope it wasn't anything dangerous...
:'''Paimon:''' She just asked us to get her some Dandelion Seeds, that's all. She said by releasing them into the wind, they would convey her heart's desires to you.
:'''Godwin:''' Dandelion Seeds, eh? That does sound like my Glory alright.
:{{DIcon}} Hang on, she said you were supposed to be somewhere far away from Mondstadt?
:'''Godwin:''' Yes&mdash; erm, well that was the plan... Let me, uh, fill you in.
:'''Godwin:''' Did you hear about the time the [[Varka|Grand Master]] left Mondstadt and took four out of every five knights with him?
:'''Godwin:''' Right, well, I was one of the ones assigned to that expedition. But unfortunately... just as we were getting ready to set off, I realized I'd lost the keepsake that Glory gave me. By the time I was done looking for it, they'd already left...
:'''Godwin:''' I&mdash;I still haven't figured out how to catch up with them, and in the meantime I've just been milling around here...
:'''Godwin:''' I can't bring myself to go back to Mondstadt. I can only imagine what the knights would think of me if I just came crawling back...
:'''Godwin:''' Also... I promised Glory I would send her letters and gifts from all around the world. I said I would send her the world!
:'''Godwin:''' If she found out I'd never even made it out of Mondstadt...
:'''Paimon:''' You don't want to lose face.
:'''Godwin:''' Please, deliver this {{color|buzzword|letter}} to {{color|buzzword|Glory}} for me won't you? I bet she's worried sick about me.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Godwin:''' I can't thank you enough, Traveler! Please keep everything I just told you a secret though.
:{{DIcon}} Why not try the dandelion hotline?
::'''Godwin:''' There is so much I want to say to Glory, far more than a handful of Dandelion Seeds could ever hope to carry.
::'''Godwin:''' Thank you for taking her my letter. And remember, not a word about any of this!

;(Talk to Godwin again, optional)
:'''Godwin:''' Thank you for delivering my letter. *sigh* All I want to do is go back and see Glory... If only...
----
;(Talk to Glory)
:'''Glory:''' Hello. I know that voice... Traveler! It's you, isn't it?
:'''Glory:''' What brings you here today?
:{{DIcon}} Someone told me to bring you this letter.
:'''Glory:''' A letter... for me? Who would do that...
:'''Glory:''' ...Godwin.
:'''Glory:''' Have you seen him? I guess that must mean he's okay&mdash; Did he say when he'll be back?
:'''Glory:''' Sorry, forget all that. I'm sure he must be far too busy to answer all these questions, I don't want to put any more pressure on him.
:'''Glory:''' But could you read the letter to me?
:'''Glory:''' Quietly... No one needs to hear this but the two of us.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''[[Godwin's Letter]]'''
::The stone peaks in Liyue have attracted the attention of many knights, but I'm not a fan of them. Stone is rough, and scratches the hands. Instead, I like a kind of flower known as the [[Silk Flower]]. It has a fine texture and gives off a faint aroma. If I weren't so far away, I would bring some back for you. I bet you would love them.
:'''Glory:''' Wow, you read it so nicely... Is this something you do a lot?
:{{DIcon}} That's the end of the letter.
:'''Glory:''' [[Liyue Harbor]]... Wow, Godwin really is seeing the world after all!
:'''Glory:''' Thank you, I will treasure this letter. Next time you see {{color|buzzword|Godwin}}, do tell him I'm thinking of him.

;(Talk to Glory again, optional)
:'''Glory:''' What is it? Is there something else you need to tell me?
----
;(Talk to Godwin)
:'''Godwin:''' Did you deliver my letter?
:{{DIcon}} Glory sends her best wishes.
:'''Godwin:''' Phew... At least she's not mad at me after that long silence.
:'''Paimon:''' How do you know about Liyue Harbor when you've been milling around Mondstadt this whole time?
:'''Godwin:''' Ah, yes... All my stories are based on things the Grand Master has told me. He's been everywhere.
:'''Godwin:''' Anyway, thanks again. You have been a big help.
:'''Godwin:''' Here, take these Dandelion Seeds. I picked them myself.
:'''Godwin:''' Next time Glory asks you for more Dandelion Seeds, I'd appreciate it if you could help her out again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Long Distance Love
|zhs     = 触不可及的恋人
|zhs_rm  = Chùbùkějí de Liànrén
|zht     = 觸不可及的戀人
|zht_rm  = Chùbùkějí de Liànrén
|zh_tl   = Untouchable Lover
|ja      = 触れられない恋人
|ja_rm   = Furerarenai Koibito
|ja_tl   = Untouchable Lover
|ko      = 닿을 수 없는 연인
|ko_rm   = Daeul Ssu Eomneun Yeonin
|ko_tl   = Untouchable Lover
|es      = Un amor inalcanzable
|es_tl   = Unreachable Love
|fr      = Loin des yeux, près du cœur
|fr_tl   = Far from the Eyes, Close to the Heart
|fr_note = Equivalent to "{{wt|absence makes the heart grow fonder}}."
|ru      = Недосягаемая любовь
|ru_tl   = Unattainable Love
|th      = รักที่ห่างไกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = A Faraway Love
|vi      = Người Tình Không Thể Chạm Đến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geliebte in der Ferne
|de_tl   = Lovers in the Distance
|id      = Kasih tak Tersampaikan
|id_tl   = Undelivered Love
|pt      = Amor Inalcançável
|pt_tl   = Unreachable Love
|tr      = Uzak Mesafe İlişkisi
|tr_tl   = Long Distance Relationship
|it      = Amore a distanza
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:Un amor inalcanzable]]
[[fr:Loin des yeux, près du cœur]]
[[ja:触れられない恋人]]
[[pt-br:Amor Inalcançável]]
[[ru:Недосягаемая любовь]]