{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Shikanoin Heizou
|actNum        = I
|act           = Trap 'Em by Storm
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Report back
|next          = 
|characters    = Owada; Paimon; Ryuuji; Sango; Shikanoin Heizou; Takatsukasa Chika; Traveler; Uesugi
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Long-Sealed Mystery''' is a quest in [[Shikanoin Heizou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[Trap 'Em by Storm]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]]
# Return to the [[Tenryou Commission]]
# Talk to [[Owada]]
# Talk to [[Heizou]]
# Talk to Heizou
# Talk to Heizou
# Find a quiet place
# Talk to [[Ryuuji]]
# Wait until the following day (08:00 – 12:00)
# Talk to [[Sango]]
# Look for Ryuuji at [[Netsuke no Gen Crafts]]

==Notes==
* The ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement "[[An Ideal Detective Am I]]" is granted for correctly answering Heizou's questions on the first try.
** Answer for '''The Motive?''': Shiroyama's Testament and Takatsukasa Isamu's Message
** Answer for '''The Modus Operandi?''': The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu, Shiroyama's Testament, and the Toxicology Report

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The well-respected young detective suddenly receives a complaint. You wonder what is the story behind it...}}
===Sango's Complaint Letter===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Bantan Sango Detective Agency)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 01.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Welcome back, Mr. Heizou. I'm glad you're alright! How about some Tonkatsu? You must have missed the taste of home after so long!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Maybe next time, Ryuuji. Seems like somebody's been expecting me... and I'm afraid they're only gonna be disappointed once again.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Well well, look who it is. The great Detective Heizou... What nonsense were you talking about just now?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' I've been worried about you, you know. So much so that I took the trouble to write that heartfelt letter to the Tenryou Commission. Well? Was it sufficiently flattering for you?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 02.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Uh oh, they're at it again.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ahem, let's not waste (Traveler)'s time, Sango. Just tell me, what do you want?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 03.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Hehe, fine by me. My request is simple: disclose all the details of the "Ryuuji Case." It's time you stop hiding the truth and let me investigate it thoroughly.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' First of all, that case has already been solved. Second, I've disclosed everything the Police Station has on the case. And third...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 04.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Enough, you can only fool Ryuuji with that. If you don't want to cooperate, I can assure you that I will write more letters to the Headquarters of the Tenryou Commission. I will not give up on this case.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait, hold on, can someone please explain what's going on here? Paimon doesn't have a clue what you two are talking about.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 03.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' *sigh* Alright, let me explain.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 04.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Several years ago, a terrible murder took place in the Police Station. I was still working at the Tenryou Commission then, and the victim was actually... my dear boss.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 05.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Due to various factors, I was deemed to be the top suspect, which is why it's called the "Ryuuji Case."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 06.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Also, Heizou wasn't a part of the Police Station back then, he was a detective at the agency... Ahem, which at the time was called the "Bantan Sango & Heizou Detective Agency."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? That's crazy! But wait, then why did Heizou leave?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 05.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Hmph!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 07.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' After the incident, I was quickly convicted and sent to prison. Fortunately, Sango then promptly proved my innocence and caught the real murderer.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 06.ogg}} '''Sango:''' But that "murderer" was actually just a dummy to throw us off. Am I right, Detective Shikanoin?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 08.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Sango thought that everything went smoothly, so much so that she suspected the real murderer was someone else. Of course, Detective Heizou was also helping with the investigation, but after a long time, he still came up empty-handed.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 09.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Later on, he decided to join the Police Station to continue his investigation on the inside, which is why he left the detective agency.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 07.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Hah, that's what I thought too. I was foolish enough to believe that Detective Shikanoin and I shared a common goal.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 08.ogg}} '''Sango:''' But I was wrong about him. He has no sense of loyalty at all! He just wanted to become an official as a means of gaining fame and fortune.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' C'mon, stop exaggerating. Let me set the record straight here.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' First, I joined the Police Station long after that murder case happened, and it had nothing to do with any inside investigation. That's just somebody's wishful thinking.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Second, purely out of curiosity, I did investigate the case later from within the Police Station. My conclusion was that the suspect Sango had caught was in fact the real murderer.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And lastly, when Sango didn't buy my conclusion and asked me to disclose all related case files from the Police Station, I did exactly as she asked. I didn't hide anything.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 09.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Hmph, he's lying right through his teeth!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's it, I want this to end once and for all. Since (Traveler)'s my supervisor today, they have complete access to all the Police Station's files.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 11b.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' If (he/she)'s willing to help re-examine the case and arrives at the same conclusion that I did, then you won't have to doubt me anymore.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 10.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Whoa, huh?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Unless, you don't trust the Traveler?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Heh, c'mon, say it!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 11.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Hmph. It's not about whether the Traveler's trustworthy, I'm just wondering if you will interfere somehow...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hah! The thought never even crossed my mind.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 12b.ogg}} '''Sango:''' You have to swear that you will not mislead the Traveler by any means, and let (him/her) investigate the truth on (his/her) own.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' No problem. Cross my heart, hope to die.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 13.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Well, (Traveler)? Are you willing to help me with this? Will you agree to re-examine the Ryuuji Case and find the truth? You can bill me later for however much you'd like as compensation!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 ryuji 10.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Sango! Really? However much they want!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 14.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Money is valuable, no doubt, but pursuing the truth is the reason I started this agency. The Ryuuji Case is the only case I failed to solve. I am willing to give you anything.
:{{DIcon}} No need to go that far, I'll help you for free.
:{{DIcon}} No need, a simple "thank you" will be enough. I'll do my best.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 15.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Alright, I'm counting on you, Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 sango 16.ogg}} '''Sango:''' You hear that, Detective Shikanoin? Hah! Now we just need to wait and see!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, alright, I got it. No need to keep yammering like that... you'll scare the kids next door.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906001 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' C'mon, let's go back to the Police Station, (Traveler).

;(Talk to Sango and Ryuuji again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Traveler, I believe you can find out the truth. That Shikanoin is hiding something, I just know it.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 ryuji 01.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' *sigh*... Sango and Detective Heizou are both great people, but when they're together, only arguing ensues.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Oh suck it up, Ryuuji.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ryuuji's Curious Case===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Return to the Tenryou Commission)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, (Traveler), hang out here for a sec, I need to go to the archives to get the case files.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' For now, why don't you go and chat with Yoriki Owada over there? He worked on this case too back in the day.
:{{DIcon}} You seem to really want me to look into this.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' No no, you misunderstand. It's not that I want you to look into this, it's just that you're the only one who can.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You're the only one I can think of who Sango would ever believe. She trusts in both your qualities and abilities, so I hope your findings can finally convince her and put an end to this whole thing.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure, she's just writing complaint letters for now, but who knows what she will do in the future? Haha.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906002 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, I'll go get those case files. You go ahead and talk to Yoriki Owada for a while.

----

;(Talk to Owada)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 01.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Oh, hello there!
:{{DIcon}} Heizou sent me to talk to you about the Ryuuji Case...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 02.ogg}} '''Owada:''' The Ryuuji Case? So you want to re-investigate that one.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 03.ogg}} '''Owada:''' That was several years ago now, but I still remember it clearly. It's pretty hard to forget something like that.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 04.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Especially when the victim was the head of this Police Station. His name was Takatsukasa Isamu, the younger brother of Takatsukasa Susumu, head of the [[Takatsukasa Clan]].
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 05.ogg}} '''Owada:''' He was really one of a kind. Decisive, brave, and smart. He was much younger than me, and already had quite a reputation.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 06.ogg}} '''Owada:''' I'm sure he would have gone far in the Tenryou Commission, if only he was still alive. What a shame... Who would have guessed someone was plotting against him.
:{{DIcon}} They said Ryuuji was the top suspect.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 07.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Hehe, people will believe anything they hear. Everyone in the Police Station knew that Ryuuji saw Takatsukasa Isamu like a father.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 08.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Ryuuji was an orphan, you know. Before he joined the station, he had been taking odd jobs here and there. It was Isamu who really took him under his wing.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 09.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Ryuuji was simple and not particularly bright, but he was very loyal to those who treated him well.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 10.ogg}} '''Owada:''' He's also hard-working. Isamu must've seen these qualities in him and decided to keep Ryuuji by his side.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 11.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Ryuuji worked with him for years after that, and was even promoted to be his personal assistant. Do you really think Ryuuji would do anything to harm him?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So then why was Ryuuji convicted? Even Paimon can tell that's a mistake.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 12.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Here comes the interesting part of the case. Within a week and before all of the loose ends had even been tied up, Ryuuji received his conviction.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 13.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Moreover, it was signed by Madam [[Kujou Sara]].
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? Why would Sara do something like that...
:{{DIcon}} What do you think, Owada?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 14.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Hehe, I'm getting older now and my eyesight is poor. I can't see too clearly anymore.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 01.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Hey c'mon, Yoriki Owada, there's nothing to see! It's obvious that the [[Kujou Clan]] did it!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 15.ogg}} '''Owada:''' You can't just go around saying things like that, Uesugi. Those were just hearsay, there was no evidence.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 02.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' That's not true. Traveler, you may be unaware that the Takatsukasa Clan has always been assisting the Kujou Clan in the Tenryou Commission, but who doesn't want to be the boss, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 03.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' And Takatsukasa Isamu was the key figure for the Takatsukasa Clan to bring down the Kujou Clan! At that time, no one was held in higher regard than Isamu.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 04.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' So naturally, the Kujou Clan saw him as a potential threat. [[Kujou Takayuki]] must have been planning it all along, that rascal.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 05.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Takayuki is able to control the Takatsukasa Clan as long as he’s in power. But by the time he retires, Isamu would have been at the apex of his political power, while Masahito and Kamaji of the Kujou Clan would still have been too young...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 06.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Heh, the two of 'em wouldn't stand a chance against Isamu. You think Kujou Takayuki would simply sit back while Isamu gained traction? So he decided to strike first!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 16.ogg}} '''Owada:''' You youngsters and your conspiracy theories.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 07.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' No, it's true! It's the only way to explain it! Otherwise, why would an impartial person like Madam Kujou Sara sign Ryuuji's conviction so quickly?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 08.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' They had to find a scapegoat to pacify the Takatsukasa Clan, so Kujou Takayuki must have told her to sign it immediately.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 09.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Ah, I'm not accusing Madam Kujou Sara of anything, mind you. I respect her very much, but maybe she had no other choice...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 17.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Hah, what do you know? I'm sure Madam Kujou Sara must have had her own reasons.
:{{DIcon}} What about the real murderer who was later caught by Sango?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 18.ogg}} '''Owada:''' The guy was a forensic expert who worked in the station named Shiroyama. I have to admit, he wasn't easy to track down.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 19.ogg}} '''Owada:''' That Sango really is something, though. She caught him without even breaking a sweat. It turned out that after poisoning Isamu, Shiroyama secretly took the poison to Ryuuji's place in order to frame him.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 20.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Later on, the poison was also found in the forensic office, but that was already after Shiroyama's death. He confessed everything in a testament.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 10.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' That's right, he hung himself in the forensic office not long after Sango was on his trail, probably because he knew it was only a matter of time before he would be caught.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 11.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Of course, he didn't admit whether he had been prompted by Kujou Takayuki. He took the responsibility alone... I bet Kujou Takayuki promised him a sizable compensation. After all, Shiroyama had a family to feed.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 21.ogg}} '''Owada:''' There you go again, pulling conclusions out of thin air. There wasn't any evidence of that at all.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 12.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Tch! Listen, I can almost guarantee that it was the Takatsukasa Clan who invited Sango to investigate. We all knew that Ryuuji was just a scapegoat, you think the Takatsukasa Clan wouldn't figure that out? They're not stupid.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 13.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' So, they were suspicious of the Kujou Clan, and invited Sango to take the case. However, the Kujou Clan were still a step ahead and were able to remove themselves from the situation before the whole thing blew up. They drove Shiroyama to take all the blame as well as his own life... A perfectly clean cut for the Kujou Clan.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 14.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' With Shiroyama dead, there was no one left to testify. Even the Electro Archon herself wouldn't be able to do anything.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 owada 22.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Tsk, you make up stuff faster than a politician. It's a wonder nobody's asked you to be an adviser yet.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 15.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Hey, that's their loss!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* The whole thing is starting to sound complicated...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hey, (Traveler), I brought the files.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I bet you got quite an earful just now, huh? Hehe, but don't believe everything they say. After all, people can tell you anything, and it's hard to separate truth from rumors without facts.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, what really matters is the case files. Everything laid out here is all that the Police Station has about the case. Please, take a look.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Remember, you may find many clues during an investigation, but not all of them are useful. And in some cases, the clues you'll find will not only be useless, but downright misleading.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Also, if a clue cannot corroborate anything on its own, you can always compare it with other clues, and maybe then you'll find what you're looking for.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Okay, that should just about do it, I'm looking forward to your results!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on, what actually counts as a result?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Usually, you need to find two things from these clues: a proven motive and proven means. Once you can confirm these two things, the criminal can be proven guilty.
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, you can go ahead and get started now. I look forward to hearing your verdict.

;(Talk to Uesugi)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 16.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Hey, Traveler. Investigating a case isn't so easy, is it? Don't worry, I'll tell you all you need to know.
:{{DIcon}} About President Sango...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 17.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Hah, Sango? The Takatsukasa Clan really hired an amazing detective, didn't they?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 18.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' She comes to the station to submit applications every now and then, and has been constantly requesting to reinvestigate the Ryuuji Case. But Heizou has always prevented her from doing so. I really didn't expect that she'd go as far as writing a complaint letter, though. Whew, she's relentless.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 19.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' As for why Heizou senpai has been keeping her away from the case, I think he's afraid that Sango would be putting herself in danger. After all, we're talking about the murder of an important man, that can be deep water if you're not careful...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 20.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Sango may run a detective agency, but in the end, she's just an ordinary person.
:{{DIcon}} So are they friends?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 21.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Uh well... not exactly. I've pretty much seen them argue every time they meet. But, Heizou might still consider her as an old friend. I heard that he used to work with Sango.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 22.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Sometimes he'd ask me to hand over less pressing cases to the detective agency. I guess he just wants to support Sango's business.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906003 uesugi 23.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Hehe, Heizou senpai is a good person, there's no doubt about that.

;(Talk to Owada)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 owada 01.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Don't take anything Uesugi says too seriously. Just nod along...
:{{DIcon}} About Takatsukasa Isamu and Ryuuji...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 owada 02.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Oh, that? Well, let me see...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 owada 03.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Ryuuji saw Takatsukasa Isamu as his foster father, that's for sure. But I can't say whether Isamu helped Ryuuji without expecting anything in return.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 owada 04.ogg}} '''Owada:''' After all, Isamu was a resourceful person. A simple and naive person like Ryuuji wouldn't ever be suitable as an adviser, but he could certainly be a loyal and trustworthy aid.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 owada 05.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Isamu was expecting a child of his own later, but unfortunately he was killed before the child was ever born...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 owada 06.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Anyway, enough about all that... Aren't you here to investigate the case? You'd better get a move on.
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Motive?===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, what did you find? Have you come to a conclusion?
:{{DIcon}} Nothing yet, I'll keep looking through the files.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure, let me know once you've made some progress.

;(Read The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu)
:'''The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu:''' The deceased, Takatsukasa Isamu, 41 years old, Police Station manager.
:'''The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu:''' Clothes intact at time of death. No visible trauma observed on the body, no sign of a struggle. The throat was congested and swollen, caused by a cold before his death.
:'''The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu:''' Local ulceration was found in the stomach and intestines, caused by a novel toxin found in the stomach contents. Stomach contents include: partially undigested soft rice residue; ...
:'''The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu:''' ...small volume of fish-liver paste residue, the main ingredient of which is highly-concentrated fish-liver extract, a valuable nutritional supplement; ...
:'''The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu:''' ...small volume of cold medicine residue containing a large amount of acidic fruit and vegetable extracts. Appears to be a specially prepared medicine from the Office of Forensic Science; ...
:'''The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu:''' ...small volume of novel toxin residue, which was found to be the same toxin discovered in the homes of Ryuuji and Shiroyama. Cause of death: abdominal mucous membrane disease plus respiratory and circulatory failure triggered by the novel toxin.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes... he ate all kinds of stuff!

;(Read Ryuuji's Testimony)
:'''Ryuuji's Testimony:''' "A week before the incident, Master Takatsukasa Isamu caught a cold and lost his appetite. Rice was all he could eat and he had been taking some special cold medicine."
:'''Ryuuji's Testimony:''' "The night before the incident, he had yet to recover and was still busy with his work, so I was worried about his health. When Dr. Shiroyama came to deliver the medicine, I consulted him about a health supplement."
:'''Ryuuji's Testimony:''' "Dr. Shiroyama said fish-liver paste could help boost his immune system, so I went to the forensic office to retrieve some and gave it to Master Takatsukasa..."
:'''Ryuuji's Testimony:''' "But by the next day... Really, Master Takatsukasa was so kind to me, I swear I wouldn't ever do that to him!"
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906009 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, come to think of it, Shiroyama was a forensic doctor... He could easily pull off something like this.

;(Read Shiroyama's Testament)
:'''Shiroyama's Testament:''' "I murdered Takatsukasa Isamu. I poisoned his cold medicine."
:'''Shiroyama's Testament:''' "Though he appeared to be honest and honorable in public, in secret, he asked me to search out a new type of poison to get rid of those who opposed him."
:'''Shiroyama's Testament:''' "He also said that if I refused, he would have me thrown in prison. He used my family to blackmail me."
:'''Shiroyama's Testament:''' "He left me with no choice. I killed him with a new type of poison that I had someone purchase for me at the International Trade Association... To protect myself, I later framed my colleague Ryuuji."
:'''Shiroyama's Testament:''' "But now it's only a matter of time before the detective uncovers everything. I know that I've made a big mistake, and that there's no escaping it now. Only death awaits me. I merely ask that my family be spared."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906010 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, this is the key to proving that Shiroyama was the murderer, right? That is, if he was telling the truth, of course.

;(Read Takatsukasa Isamu's Message)
:'''Takatsukasa Isamu's Message:''' A note placed with Shiroyama's Testament. After comparing the handwriting, it was confirmed to have been written by the deceased, Takatsukasa Isamu.
:'''Takatsukasa Isamu's Message:''' "Shiroyama, long time no see. I trust the thing I asked you for is in progress?"
:'''Takatsukasa Isamu's Message:''' "I paid a visit to your home today while you weren't around. Thankfully, your wonderful wife welcomed me in... She's a fine woman. A perfect match for you."
:'''Takatsukasa Isamu's Message:''' "Your wife is five months pregnant, I believe? Fancy that &mdash; my wife too."
:'''Takatsukasa Isamu's Message:''' "I took the liberty of returning once more to provide her with some health supplements, even helped administer them to her myself. She was most grateful indeed."
:'''Takatsukasa Isamu's Message:''' "You will be equally grateful to me, no doubt? Then don't keep me waiting."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Takatsukasa Isamu seems like a thoughtful person, but something about the tone sounds weird...

;(Read the Conviction of Ryuuji)
:'''Conviction of Ryuuji:''' The suspect, Ryuuji, 20 years old, Doushin, a subordinate of the deceased, Takatsukasa Isamu.
:'''Conviction of Ryuuji:''' Ryuuji grew to resent his boss, Takatsukasa Isamu, following conflict at work. He then secretly bought a bottle of poison to kill him in revenge.
:'''Conviction of Ryuuji:''' Unused poison was later found in the suspect Ryuuji's house. For the crime of premeditated murder, Ryuuji is ordered to remain in temporary incarceration awaiting trial. This file shall be kept as evidence.
:'''Conviction of Ryuuji:''' Signed: Kujou Sara
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Ryuuji's conviction really was signed by Kujou Sara... But now we know she had it wrong.

;(Read the Conviction of Shiroyama)
:'''Conviction of Shiroyama:''' The suspect, Shiroyama, 22 years old, forensic doctor, a subordinate of the deceased, Takatsukasa Isamu.
:'''Conviction of Shiroyama:''' Shiroyama grew to resent his boss, Takatsukasa Isamu, following conflict at work. He then secretly bought a bottle of poison to kill him in revenge.
:'''Conviction of Shiroyama:''' Unused poison was later found in the suspect Shiroyama's office. In his testament, he confessed to having planted the poison found in Ryuuji's house.
:'''Conviction of Shiroyama:''' For the crime of premeditated murder, Shiroyama is hereby sentenced to death. Punishment cannot be carried out as the suspect ended his own life before the execution could take place. This file shall be kept as evidence.
:'''Conviction of Shiroyama:''' Signed: Kujou Sara
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So Shiroyama's conviction was also signed by Kujou Sara... just like Ryuuji's!

;(Read the Toxicology Report)
:'''Toxicology Report:''' On the toxin that caused Takatsukasa Isamu's death:
:'''Toxicology Report:''' An odorless, tasteless, and inert substance. Soluble in water, but insoluble in other substances. Has the properties of a synthetic toxin. It appears as a fine, white, powdery substance in its normal state. Tentative name: "white powder."
:'''Toxicology Report:''' The station has investigated the ledgers of all domestic commerce guilds, no transaction record for such an item was found.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, a synthetic toxin? What's that?

;(Read the Research Log from the Office of Forensic Science)
:'''Research Log from the Office of Forensic Science:''' (It's blank. Looks like someone tore out a few pages.)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? That's weird, there's nothing here! This must be some of the false information that Heizou told us to look out for.
----

;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, what did you find? Have you come to a conclusion?
:{{DIcon}} Nothing yet, I'll keep looking through the files.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure, let me know once you've made some progress.
:;(Dialogue ends)
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I did.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Really? You found the criminal's motive and means that quickly? Awesome! Alright, let's talk about the motive first.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' What clue reveals the criminal's motive?
:{{DIcon}} Shiroyama's Testament
::''(-1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Just Shiroyama's Testament? Though it does have the confession of his motives, this alone is not enough, he could have been lying.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' We need evidence to prove what he said is true. Perhaps you should give it some more thought...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Conviction of Shiroyama
::''(-1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Although the conviction states that Shiroyama grew to resent Takatsukasa Isamu due to work conflicts, it's not detailed enough for us to understand the motive. Perhaps you should give it some more thought...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Shiroyama's Testament and Ryuuji's Testimony
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Although Shiroyama's Testament contains the confession of his motive, Ryuuji's Testimony cannot prove it. Perhaps you should give it some more thought...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Shiroyama's Testament and Takatsukasa Isamu's Message
::''(+1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Excellent work! According to the victim's message, the two had deep conflicts. Although we cannot confirm whether the poison had been requested by the victim or not...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It is true that Isamu used Shiroyama's family to blackmail him. Such circumstances could be enough motive for Shiroyama to commit the crime.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... wasn't Takatsukasa Isamu good to Shiroyama? He even went to Shiroyama's house to bring health supplements...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* But maybe he didn't really bring health supplements! Maybe it was something bad!?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, is that what you think, Paimon? Well, we later found out that what Takatsukasa Isamu sent to Shiroyama's house was indeed health supplements.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But if you consider the circumstances, what he sent wasn't important. What was important is that sending the supplements was actually a dangerous signal...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Isamu was essentially implying, "I can put anything in your wife's supplements at any time. If you really care about her safety, then get me what I want."
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! So scary! Your assumption sounds like a real threat! You're not really that dark inside... are you?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You don't really catch criminals by standing in the light, do you?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Basically, these two clues work to verify each other, and the murderer's motive is confirmed. Now all that's left is the means of the crime.
:;(Continue to [[#The Modus Operandi?|The Modus Operandi?]])
:{{DIcon}} Nothing yet, I'll keep looking through the files.<!--this option only shows after choosing a wrong option-->
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure, let me know once you've made some progress.
:;(Dialogue ends)
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Modus Operandi?===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Next, which clue confirms the criminal's means?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, what did you find? Have you come to a conclusion?
:{{DIcon}} Research Log from the Office of Forensic Science
::''(-1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This blank research log? I don't see how it can explain anything. Perhaps you should give it some more thought...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu and Shiroyama's Testament
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Close! The autopsy report states that the cause of death is a special toxin, but how was this toxin administered to the deceased?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Was it mixed with the cold medicine, as Shiroyama stated in his testament? If so, we need some evidence to prove that. Perhaps you should give it some more thought...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Ryuuji's Testimony and Conviction of Shiroyama
::''(-1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, maybe you've seen enough files for the day... I'm afraid these two documents are completely unrelated. Perhaps you should give it some more thought...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} The Autopsy Report of Takatsukasa Isamu, Shiroyama's Testament, and the Toxicology Report
::''(+1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Bingo! The autopsy report confirms that the cause of death was a special toxin. The testament indicates that Shiroyama used his position as a forensic expert to mix the toxin into the cold medicine taken by the deceased.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But is that really the truth? Is it not possible that the toxin was mixed into the fish-liver paste?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, according to the toxicology report, this "white powder" only dissolves in water. Neither rice nor the fish-liver paste could be used as a carrier of the toxin. The cold medicine was the only option.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Putting the poison elsewhere would not only fail to guarantee a lethal dose, but would also increase the chance of it being noticed by the deceased. Therefore, the means is also confirmed.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906005 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Add that to the motive for the crime, and... Whoa! So the murderer really was Shiroyama!
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yep, (Traveler). Pretty clear-cut, wouldn't you say? Look, I really don't know what Sango is so suspicious about.
:;(Continue to [[#Things Clear Up|Things Clear Up]])
:{{DIcon}} Nothing yet, I'll keep looking through the files.<!--this option only shows after choosing a wrong option-->
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906004 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure, let me know once you've made some progress.
:;(Dialogue ends)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Things Clear Up===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Heizou after choosing the correct clue)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it's pretty clear-cut... Huh, you could say it's almost too clear-cut!
:{{DIcon}} Wait... I still have some questions.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh? Well, let's hear them. Maybe I have answers.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' What's bugging you?
:{{DIcon}} Why is the "Research Log from the Office of Forensic Science" blank? Did someone tear out some pages?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This also puzzles me. Maybe someone doesn't want us being privy to the content inside, or maybe Shiroyama tore a bunch of pages out by accident.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But regardless, this isn't essential to the case. Like I said before, a lot of what comes up in an investigation is irrelevant information.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The crucial elements are Shiroyama's motive and means, which we have established.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection if there are any left)
:{{DIcon}} The Toxicology Report mentioned that this poison isn't sold anywhere in Inazuma, but Shiroyama's Testament said that it was bought at the International Trade Association.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Maybe the report was wrong. The International Trade Association is a gathering place for merchants from all over. Countless merchants pass through the port of Ritou every day. It's natural for there to be a couple of missing records here or there.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection if there are any left)
:{{DIcon}} Based on the "Convictions" written by Kujou Sara for Ryuuji and Shiroyama, the two committed the same crime. Why are their punishments different?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, very nice. Top marks for attention to detail. It doesn't have any real bearing on the case, but let me explain how that works for you.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, why would Madam Kujou Sara sign one conviction sentencing Ryuuji to temporary incarceration awaiting trial, and another conviction sentencing Shiroyama to death?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You may have heard some rumors back at the station that when this case first came up, the Kujou Clan higher-ups were in dire need of a scapegoat to keep the Takatsukasa Clan off their backs, and poor Ryuuji became the successful candidate.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' In less than a week, the conviction was drafted, sent to Madam Kujou Sara, and signed. Allegedly, she knew what it was about as soon as she saw it, and signed it with no questions asked.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But anyone who buys this story clearly doesn't know that much about Madam Kujou Sara. She's the most principled person in the entire Tenryou Commission, for goodness' sake.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So how would she respond to a case filled with unanswered questions and no confession from the suspect?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Exactly. Before she signed it, she changed Ryuuji's conviction from the death sentence to temporary incarceration.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ryuuji escaped a disastrous fate without ever realizing it. Had Madam Kujou Sara not changed his sentence, Sango would have been seeking justice for a dead man.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why was Sara so lenient with Ryuuji?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's the wrong question. This wasn't about Ryuuji, but Madam Kujou Sara's principles. The conviction could have been for a Ryuuji, a Guuji, and even a Tanuki, and she would have made the same decision.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Given the enormous pressure she was under at the time, I'd say she did the most she could, don't you think?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pressure? Really, was someone higher up putting pressure on Sara?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The pressure came from all sides. The deceased was the leader of the Police Station and the rising star of the Takatsukasa Clan. All eyes were on this case.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' How this became reduced to the unimaginative rumor that Madam Kujou Sara convicted Ryuuji under pressure from her superiors, I have no idea.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, rumors here, conspiracy theories there... lies at every turn!
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 20.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Fortunately, Madam Kujou Sara works in an open and transparent manner, and pays no heed to rumors like this. She just rolls her eyes and forgets all about them.
::{{DIcon}} How do you know?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 21.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Just because she has never publicly clarified the truth doesn't mean she was hiding anything. So when I asked her about it, saying it was relevant to a case I was working on, she just told me how it was.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 22.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Believe me, in this case more than any other, I have checked every last detail.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection if there are any left)

;(After asking all three questions)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 23.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, I've answered all your lingering questions, and you've checked all the material the Police Station has, so... what do you think, case closed?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon still feels like something doesn't add up, but then again, Heizou did give us all the files the Police Station had... Ugh, this is annoying...
:{{DIcon}} We've seen everything... that the Police Station has. Now I see the problem.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 24.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh, I don't follow, enlighten me.
:{{DIcon}} At the detective agency, you told Sango: "I've disclosed everything the Police Station has on the case."
::{{DIcon}} When we started to look at the files, you said to us: "Everything laid out here is all that the Police Station has about the case."
:::{{DIcon}} Just now, you said it again: "You've checked all the material the Police Station has."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! Why do you keep emphasizing "Police Station" every single time?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 25.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You tell me. Why do I keep emphasizing "Police Station" every time?
:{{DIcon}} Because you're trying to hint that there is other information that the Police Station doesn't have.
::''(+1 Heart)''
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 26.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hahahaha... So we're finally here, huh?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 27.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I was starting to think our investigation was about to end a little early. That would have been a real shame. Man alive, you finally saw through my little game.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 28.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You're absolutely right, there is other information that the Police Station doesn't have. Reason being... it's my own evidence. And this evidence should help answer a couple of your questions more clearly:
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 29.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Why was the "Research Log from the Office of Forensic Science" blank, and where did the white powder come from?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha! Paimon knew you were keeping secrets!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 30.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Heh, don't you have secrets, too?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... No! Nuh-uh, nope, definitely not!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906006 heizou 31.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's talk somewhere else. This isn't the best place for this discussion.
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Final Clue===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Find a quiet place)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This is a quiet spot, let's talk here.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, here's the secret I've been keeping all along: the torn-out pages from the Research Log of the Office of Forensic Science.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! But Paimon can't believe you've kept this a secret all this time.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's not like you think. I wasn't the one who tore out the pages.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Look, just read it over first.
:;(Opens [[Forensic Office Research Log Excerpt]])

:;''Acidic nutrients extracted from the Sunsettia were mixed with the oil extracted from the fish liver. When the mixture was purified, the formation of a fine, powdery substance was observed.''
:;
:;''Over the course of a week, Forest Boars to whom this substance had been administered suffered first from damaged and diseased skin mucous membranes, followed by respiratory failure, then death.''
:;
:;''The mixing and purification procedure was then repeated, but replacing the Sunsettia with concentrated Sunsettia juice and the fish liver with concetrated fish-liver paste. A large quantity of the powdery substance was produced.''
:;
:;''When Forest Boars were administered this dose, the time of death was reduced from one week to a few hours.''

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Finished? Do you see now?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The method used by the perpetrator to commit his crime wasn't by putting the white powder in the cold medicine...
:{{DIcon}} He put it in the fish-liver paste!
::''(-1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Wait what? Where'd you conjure up that answer from? Try again.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} The cold medicine and the fish-liver paste were mixed to form the white powder!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's correct! The white powder was Shiroyama's invention.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As a forensic doctor, he provided a special cold medicine for Takatsukasa Isamu. The autopsy report showed that this medicine contained a high volume of acidic fruit and vegetable extracts.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Then, he tricked Ryuuji into sending fish-liver paste to Takatsukasa Isamu. When the two substances were taken together, a toxic dose of the substance formed in his body.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This is the real modus operandi.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, that's awful... One was medicine, and the other was an expensive nutritional supplement. Both completely harmless...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' True, both are harmless on their own, but when combined... Poof! That's it.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't Shiroyama admit this in his testament? There was no need for him to hide it.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It was not him who wanted to hide it, but the person pulling the strings behind him.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean there was someone else pulling the strings!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Aren't you curious where I found these pages from the research log?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It was in Kujou Takayuki's secret warehouse.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' After I found the missing pages, I did some digging around and found out that Shiroyama had worked for Kujou Takayuki before joining the Police Station.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The Kujou Clan secretly provided Shiroyama with funds to study forensic science. I guess you could say that Kujou Takayuki's investment paid dividends in this case.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Of course, I only learned all of this after the Vision Hunt Decree came to an end. Kujou Takayuki had lost his grip on power, and the Tenryou Commission was undergoing a general reshuffle.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' To avoid coming under suspicion, Madam Kujou Sara put me in charge of building a case against Kujou Takayuki.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 20.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I found a huge stash of fish-liver paste in his secret warehouse... nothing hugely incriminating about that, of course, but I still took the trouble to open each and every package, until finally...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 21.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I had to concede that this really was just a huge stash of fish-liver paste.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 22.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But then... underneath the floor tiles where the fish-liver paste was stacked, I found a secret compartment with this torn-off research report lying inside.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it was him who wanted to frame Ryuuji all along! What a nasty piece of work!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 23.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's review the whole case, from the top.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 24.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' First, Takatsukasa Isamu, for whatever reason, noticed Shiroyama's talent as a forensic doctor, and asked him to develop a special poison on his behalf. But Shiroyama was already working for the Kujou Clan, so he refused.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 25.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Takatsukasa Isamu wasn't about to take no for an answer, and that's where things took a dark turn: He twisted Shiroyama's arm by making a veiled threat to harm his family. All Shiroyama could do was to secretly report everything to Kujou Takayuki.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 26.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' When Takayuki learned what was happening, he instructed Shiroyama to pretend to cooperate with Takatsukasa Isamu, then kill the latter with the white powder once it was fully developed.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 27.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Meanwhile, Ryuuji's only role in this case was to deliver the fish-liver paste to Takatsukasa Isamu on Shiroyama's orders, completely unaware of the fact that he was being used as a pawn, and that this was a key ingredient needed to create the poison.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 28.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' After the incident, Kujou Takayuki hoped to make Ryuuji the fall guy, until the death sentence was stalled when it reached Madam Kujou Sara.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 29.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' In the meantime, Sango had begun her own investigation. Kujou Takayuki grew nervous that the truth would get out, so he threw Shiroyama to the wolves, hounding him to death and erasing all traces of contact between the two.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 30.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And yet, he wanted to keep this secret formula, so he hid it. Greedy guy, that Takayuki... he must have wanted to have it on hand just in case he needed to employ it again in the future, and make someone else disappear...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This Kujou Takayuki is an evil lunatic! We've gotta report this to Ei. Whatever his current punishment is, it needs to be 10 times worse!!!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 31.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That would be practically impossible. One research log found in his warehouse doesn't prove anything, even I can think of a hundred excuses.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 32.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Besides... Ryuuji directly contributed to Takatsukasa Isamu's death by delivering the fish-liver paste to him. The fact that he was unaware of the true nature of the situation doesn't matter.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... but he's still innocent, right? Isn't it just a coincidence? ...Paimon really doesn't get how the law works.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 33.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Legally speaking, the judge would most likely rule that it was accidental. But in practice, Ryuuji may still have to end up shouldering some responsibility...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So basically, you've been hiding the truth all this time to protect Ryuuji...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 34.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Mental trauma doesn't heal as easily as physical wounds... My biggest worry is that Ryuuji would struggle to cope if he knew the truth.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 35.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' He's like an innocent child... he freely gives his trust and his love to everyone that treats him well. That's why he thought of Takatsukasa Isamu as a father figure.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 36.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm pretty sure that to this day, he has never paused to wonder whether Takatsukasa Isamu was actually a good person, or if Sango just hired him as a gofer...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 37.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' ...Or why I left the detective agency.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 38.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' If he found out the facts about Takatsukasa Isamu, I'm afraid it would crush him...
:{{DIcon}} So... why are you revealing the truth to me today?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 39.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, well, as you can see, I'm a little less confident than people might think.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 40.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' To prevent Ryuuji from getting hurt, I covered up the truth. But by doing so, have I held him back?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 41.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Did I do the right thing? I couldn't turn to anyone for help, and everyone around me thinks I'm so smart, that I should just be able to handle every case on my own.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 42.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Even if I tried to discuss it with them, they'd just say: "Don't be ridiculous, Mr. Heizou, no problem's too difficult for you!"
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 43.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But you're different, (Traveler). Unlike them, you don't have that kind of prejudice towards me.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 44.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You've traveled far and wide, and had all kinds of experiences. It must have taught you a lot.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 45.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Most importantly... my intuition tells me that you're someone special. I can trust you, and you can help me... right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 46.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, I'd like you to be the one to decide whether we should expose the truth or not.
:{{DIcon}} I need to think about that...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 47.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh... you don't need to tell me what you decide, and you certainly don't need to decide right now. Let's just say, I'm leaving this "teensy-tiny" matter up to you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906007 heizou 48.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, let's get back to the detective agency. You can mull it over on the way. Once you've made up your mind, just tell Ryuuji and Sango your verdict.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Your Answer===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ryuuji)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 01.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Hey, Traveler! Hey, Detective Heizou!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 02.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' You're back already, huh? Hehe, I bet you're tired! Well, I just bought some Tonkatsu. Care to join me? There's plenty for everyone!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd love to... but wouldn't you like to hear the results of our investigation first?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 03.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' No matter what you were able to find, it's all in the past and won't ever change. So I think we'd better chow down first!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 04.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Besides, if Sango's not happy with the results, we might not have anything to eat later...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' C'mon Ryuuji, pipe down! Let's hear the Traveler's conclusion first.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, okay then... Over to you, Heizou and (Traveler).
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' (Traveler), don't worry, just tell us your findings. Everyone trusts you, as do I.
:{{DIcon}} Sango was wrong about Heizou, and the murderer was indeed Shiroyama.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 05.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Well, whaddya know. I suspected that was the case... *sigh* Please rest in peace, Master Takatsukasa...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' No! Impossible! Traveler, are you sure you checked every last file? Carefully?
::{{DIcon}} Trust me, I did.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehehe.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 03.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Ugh, no... you little... Shikanoin Heizou! You didn't pull any shenanigans on the Traveler, did you!?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 06.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Sango... no accusations without evidence, remember...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The truth is out and the case is closed, Sango. Please don't send any more of your harassment letters to the Tenryou Commission.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 04b.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, I really owe it to you Traveler, I'll be sure to properly thank you later. Until then, see you!
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 04.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Hey! You're not going anywhere!
:;(Proceed to [[#Ending: There's One Secret|Ending: There's One Secret]])
:{{DIcon}} Detective Heizou hid some evidence, the truth of the matter is...
::'''You tell them the whole truth about the Ryuuji Case.'''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 05.ogg}} '''Sango:''' But how... how could this be!?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 07.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Huh... So that's what really happened?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ryuuji... I know it's hard to accept, but...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 08.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Wait a minute, sorry, I...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 ryuji 09.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' I have quite the stomachache... Sango, can I take the day off?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 06.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Sure, of course... Take the week if you need it!
::'''Ryuuji runs away in a fluster.'''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon hopes Ryuuji will be okay...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 07.ogg}} '''Sango:''' I... didn't expect things to turn out like this.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Just give him some time to himself, I think he will eventually come to accept it.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 sango 08.ogg}} '''Sango:''' I'm still a little worried though, what if he doesn't come to work tomorrow...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1906008 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Then we'll go to him. Don't you worry about that, Sango. You need some time to process all of this too.
:;(Dialogue continues below)

;(Talk to Sango again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906013 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' I am at a loss for words right now... please, just leave me be.

----

;(Wait until the following day <nowiki>(08:00 – 12:00)</nowiki>)

;(Talk to Sango)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Ah, you're here. Don't worry, Ryuuji came earlier this morning.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' I guess he can handle a lot more than I had thought. I was honestly worried he'd suffer a breakdown.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 sango 03.ogg}} '''Sango:''' But as of today, it seems he'll be fine.
:{{DIcon}} Is he not here?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 sango 04.ogg}} '''Sango:''' He went over to Netsuke no Gen Crafts to buy something...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's go find him then, shall we?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 sango 05.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Before you go... Heizou, I uh... I kind of understand now what you meant when you left.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh, really? I'm happy to hear you say that.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906011 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, (Traveler). Alright, time to find Ryuuji.

;(Talk to Sango again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906014 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Wait, aren't you going to see Ryuuji?
:{{DIcon}} What did Heizou say to you when he left the agency?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906014 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Hah, now that I think about it, it's like a slap in the face...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906014 sango 03.ogg}} '''Sango:''' He said, "Some things will always be more important than the truth."

----

;(Approach Ryuuji at Netsuke no Gen Crafts)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906015 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! There's Ryuuji, with a little kid, too! Hmm? Is he buying her toys?

;(Talk to Ryuuji and Takatsukasa Chika)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 takatsukasachika 01.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Chika:''' Uncle Ryuuji, was my daddy handsome? I've never seen what he looked like.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 ryuji 01.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Of course, Takatsukasa Isamu was a very handsome man. Also, it's not "uncle." Call me brother.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 takatsukasachika 02.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Chika:''' But you look so old.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 ryuji 02.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Well, I'm still your brother.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 takatsukasachika 03.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Chika:''' Huh? How come?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 ryuji 03.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Because he treated me like a son.
:{{DIcon}} Ahem...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 takatsukasachika 04.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Chika:''' Huh? Who are you guys?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' We're friends with your big brother, Ryuuji, and with your father, too.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 takatsukasachika 05.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Chika:''' Oh, really? Yay! I've met loads of my daddy's friends today. Can you tell me some stories about him? I really wanna hear them.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, sure! Why, I know enough stories about your old man that if I started talking now, you'd be all grown-up before I finished them.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 takatsukasachika 06.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Chika:''' Wow! That's amazing! Well, I don't wanna grow up too soon then... Maybe when I'm 100... no, no, 200 years old... Umm, no, 300 years old!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1906012 takatsukasachika 07.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Chika:''' Yep! I'm gonna wait until I'm 300 years old before I become a grown-up, so that I can make sure I finish all the stories first!
;(Proceed to [[#Ending: The Famous Detective's Principles|Ending: The Famous Detective's Principles]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: There's One Secret====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = There's One Secret
|character       = Shikanoin Heizou
|act             = 1
|description     = That only we know of.
}}

====Ending: The Famous Detective's Principles====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Famous Detective's Principles
|character       = Shikanoin Heizou
|act             = 1
|description     = "Some things will always be more important than the truth."
}}

==Trivia==
* The Ryuuji Case was previously summarized in the Commission ''[[Bantan Sango Case File: Cleanup Work]]''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Long-Sealed Mystery
|zhs     = 尘封的疑云
|zhs_rm  = Chénfēng de Yíyún
|zht     = 塵封的疑雲
|zht_rm  = Chénfēng de Yíyún
|zh_tl   = Dust-Sealed Mystery
|ja      = 封じられた謎
|ja_rm   = Fuujirareta Nazo{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Sealed Mystery
|ko      = 봉인된 수수께끼
|ko_rm   = Bong'indoen Susukkekki
|ko_tl   = Sealed Mystery
|es      = Sospechas polvorientas
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Un mystère poussiéreux
|fr_tl   = A Dusty Mystery
|ru      = Давно запечатанная тайна
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ความเคลือบแคลงที่ปิดผนึกไว้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mối Nghi Ngờ Chôn Giấu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein lange versiegeltes Mysterium
|de_tl   = A Long-Sealed Mystery
|id      = Misteri yang Tersimpan Lama
|id_tl   = Long-Sealed Mystery
|pt      = Mistério Selado
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}