{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Lorenzo.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm4645694|Jason Marnocha]]<ref name="Jason Marnocha">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/JMarnocha/status/1692316392467620209 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230818123202/https://twitter.com/JMarnocha/status/1692316392467620209 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Lorenzo''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in {{Quest|The Magician's Secret}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
In the past, Lorenzo was [[Cesar]]'s apprentice. He helped Cesar fine-tune his tricks and shows, making him very popular. Secretly, Lorenzo hated Cesar because he believed that Cesar took all the credit for his hard work and that Cesar wasn't interested in wealth. When [[Lyney]] and [[Lynette]] were taken in by Cesar to learn from him, Cesar noted that Lorenzo had become agitated and attempted to speak with him about it.

[[Jemma]], who was engaged to Cesar in an attempt to frame him as the Phantom Weasel, noted Lorenzo's anguish and realized that she could use him to kill Cesar rather than doing so herself. Lorenzo revealed to her that he wanted to be a magician, but could not do so with Cesar around as his influence was much greater and that he had forbade the use of magic to swindle people of [[Mora]], thus they conspired to kill him together. Lorenzo learned of Cesar's high-drop trick and sabotaged the box he would use, resulting in him falling to his death at the top of [[Opera Epiclese]] and his subsequent framing by Jemma as the Phantom Weasel.

Lorenzo then set out on his own as a magician, though he eventually found it boring and became a businessman who was feared by many for the reprisals he would make to those that were his enemies. Ten years after murdering Cesar, Lyney and Lynette, now grown up, knew that Cesar could not be the Phantom Weasel and set out to find the true culprit. Learning of his ties to Cesar, Lyney arranged a meeting with him, but he became aggravated when he noticed the [[Traveler]] and became enraged when [[Edmondo]] accidentally interrupted the conversation, storming out. Deeming him an enemy, Lorenzo sent thugs after the two to discourage them, but they were no match and fled. Upon learning of Cesar's workshop, Lyney and the Traveler began to investigate it, prompting Lorenzo to personally arrive with more thugs and two [[Clockwork Meka]] to kill them, but they were ultimately defeated. Lyney apprehended Lorenzo, who confessed to being the Phantom Weasel and was taken into custody by the [[Garde]]s.

Lyney and Lynette soon realized that Lorenzo was not the true Phantom Weasel and deduced that it was actually Jemma. Lyney correctly assumed that he had feelings for her but could not express them because of Cesar, and when Jemma tried to brush it off, he knew that she had thrown away her own "truth" in a world full of lies and falsehoods. The next day, Jemma turned herself in so she may see Lorenzo one more time.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Lorenzo
|zhs     = 洛伦佐
|zhs_rm  = Luòlúnzuǒ
|zht     = 洛倫佐
|zht_rm  = Luòlúnzuǒ
|ja      = ロレンツォ
|ja_rm   = Rorentso
|ko      = 로렌조
|es      = Lorenzo
|fr      = Lorenzo
|ru      = Лоренцо
|th      = Lorenzo
|vi      = Lorenzo
|de      = Lorenzo
|id      = Lorenzo
|pt      = Lorenzo
|tr      = Lorenzo
|it      = Lorenzo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}