{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Genshin Impact
}}
'''Lore''' is the catch-all term for story, world-building, and anything in the game that is not related to [[Game Systems]]. Various aspects of lore are usually analyzed to expand upon the knowledge of the in-game universe.

==World History==
{{Main|Timeline}}
The above article is a compilation of all known events in the world of [[Teyvat]]'s history, spanning thousands of years. Important events include:
*The [[Archon War]]
*The [[Cataclysm]]

==Cultures==
{{Main|Mondstadt/Culture|Liyue/Culture|Inazuma/Culture|Sumeru/Culture|Fontaine/Culture|Natlan/Culture|Snezhnaya/Culture}}
The cultures of Teyvat's nations are as diverse as the real life regions from which they draw inspiration. Teyvat's nations are also influenced by the ideals that their Archons embody.

==Languages==
{{Main|Languages|Symbols in Teyvat}}
There are many languages across Teyvat. Some major ones are the common tongue, which the game uses as its medium, and [[Hilichurlian]], the language spoken by the most numerous enemy in the game's world.

==Terminology==
* [[Celestia]]: A mysterious place that floats in the sky and is said to be where the gods reside and where humans may ascend if they obtain godhood.
* [[Archon]]: A god who is or was a member of [[The Seven]] and presides or presided over one of Teyvat's seven [[nation]]s.
* [[God]]: A mighty being.
* [[Dragon]]: A powerful elemental being.
* [[Adeptus]]: A powerful being who follows [[Rex Lapis]] or is otherwise associated with those who do.
* [[Illuminated Beast]]: A powerful creature. Many are also adepti.
* [[Allogene]]: Someone who has received a Vision and thus has the potential to ascend to Celestia.
* [[Vision]]: An object bestowed upon someone that allows them to use [[element]]al powers. It is believed that Visions are granted by the gods.
* [[Delusion]]: An object bestowed upon someone by the [[Tsaritsa]] that allows someone to use elemental powers without or in addition to a Vision.
* [[Archon War]]: A period of time in which gods fought. The start date is unknown, but the end date was 2000 years ago. The outcome was the crowning of the original seven Archons.
* [[Cataclysm]]: An event that occurred 500 years ago that spanned all of [[Teyvat]] and involved the destruction of the godless nation of [[Khaenri'ah]].
* '''Outlander''': Often refers to an ordinary foreigner in any nation, such as in the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]]. Notably, the [[Unknown God]] addresses the [[Traveler]] and [[Traveler's Sibling]] as ''outlanders'' in the cinematic shown at [[Wanderer's Trail#Dialogue|the beginning of the game]] and specifically mentions their "journey" when they were attempting to leave Teyvat, which makes it possible that ''outlander'' can also refer to world travelers.

==See also==
* [[Books]]
* [[Manga]]
* [[Comics]]
* [[Soundtrack]]

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox}}
[[Category:Lore| ]]