{{StubDialogue|Dialogue for feeding the foxes.}}
{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Lost in the Snow.png
|id            = 70123; 40043
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|summary       = [[Joel]] is worried about his father, so he asks the Traveler to check Dragonspine. However, the Traveler only finds notes left behind by Joel's father.
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]], [[Dragonspine]]
|next          = Snowy Silhouette: Hope
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Joel; Paimon; Traveler
}}

'''Lost in the Snow''' is a [[world quest]] in [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
Talk to [[Joel]] at the [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]] to start the quest.
# Follow the {{Color|buzzword|Snow-Covered Path}} to search for Joel's father
#* Read the "Neatly-Written Note" on the ground
# Go to the {{Color|buzzword|western slope of the mountain}} to search for Joel's father
#* Use {{Pyro}} to melt the snow covering the "Neatly-Written Note" on the ground and then read it
# Head for the {{Color|buzzword|summit}} to search for Joel's father
#* Break the rock wall to access the cave. Read the "Scribbled Note" is next to the pot
# Report back to Joel

==Notes==
* After completing this quest, the player can start the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] "[[The Foxes' Affection]]."

==Dialogue==
{{StubDialogue|Dialogue when feeding the foxes}}
{{Quest Description|[[Joel]] asks you to ahead into the mountain to look for his father, who has yet to return from an adventure of his own...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Joel in the adventurer camp to start the quest)
:'''Joel:''' Where has Daddy gone...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Joel:''' Ah, I... Hello... I&mdash;I can't find my daddy...
:'''Joel:''' He said that he would come pick me up and that we'd go watch the snow together. But the time we arranged has come and gone, and he isn't here yet...
:'''Joel:''' I thought that he must have found some rare and precious treasure map or something, which is why he hasn't come to find me yet. That has to be it, right?
:'''Joel:''' So I came to Dragonspine by myself. If he's not going to come find me, then I'll go looking for him... Or so I thought...
:'''Joel:''' But I didn't find Daddy here, either. That Knight of Favonius over there said that he'd headed off for the mountain's summit...
:'''Joel:''' I wanted to go search for him, but the Knight wouldn't let me. So I'm stuck here waiting for Daddy to come back.
:'''Joel:''' But... but he hasn't come back at all, and I'm worried.
:'''Joel:''' If you're going up Dragonspine, could you help me look for Daddy?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me, kiddo
:{{DIcon}} Where should I look?
:'''Joel:''' You'll do it? Great!
:'''Joel:''' Let me think... That Knight said that Daddy did mention going to follow the {{Color|buzzword|Snow-Covered Path upwards}} first...
:'''Joel:''' He then said that he'd head over to the {{Color|buzzword|Outskirts of the Entombed City}} to have a look, before trying for the {{Color|buzzword|mountain's summit}}...
:'''Joel:''' Please help me to search these areas. Daddy might still be near one of them.
:'''Joel:''' I mean, he promised that we'd go see the snow together. There's no way that he'd break his promise...
----
;(Read the Neatly-Written Note in the Snow-Covered Path campsite)
:'''Neatly-Written Note:''' So far, so smooth. The weather is fine, supplies are plentiful, and the monsters have been on their best behavior...
:'''Neatly-Written Note:''' I also discovered a Volume 6 of "The Boar Princess" in my backpack. Joel must've sneaked it in there. That cheeky kid...
:'''Neatly-Written Note:''' Still, this book is above a brave Boar Princess and her journey up a snowy mountain with her companions... Well, I'm heading up a snowy mountain myself, and considering how well everything's gone so far... Who knows? Maybe this book is bringing me good luck. Thank you, Joel.
:'''Neatly-Written Note:''' Anyway, I shall be heading off to the next campsite to resupply and record my progress, and then I'll head down the mountain. Joel is waiting for me, after all.

;(After reading the note)
:'''Paimon:''' This note... Do you think it might belong to Joel's father?
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like he did set up camp over here. Then, he must've made his way inside.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's look for him there.
----
;(Read the Neatly-Written Note in the western slope campsite)
:'''Neatly-Written Note:''' Nothing untoward happened on the way here. The weather remains fine indeed. It seems that my luck has turned at last.
:'''Neatly-Written Note:''' Perhaps I can make a run for the summit after all...
:'''Neatly-Written Note:''' I'll just give it a little go. If anything happens, I'll turn back right away.

;(After reading the note)
:'''Paimon:''' This is the second camp. Looks like the adventurer was in a rush to reach the peak.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go ahead. Maybe we'll discover some clues.
----
;(Read the Scribbled Note at the campsite near the summit)
:'''Scribbled Note:''' The snowstorm from the summit came too quickly. I barely had enough time to duck into this cave. I lost half my supplies in the chaos, too...
:'''Scribbled Note:''' I don't know why, either, but the rocks above the cave collapsed suddenly, sealing the entrance with the falling gravel. This is very bad...
:'''Scribbled Note:''' But... I believe that there's another way out for me. The other end of this cave is a cliff, yes, but there's nothing below but thick snow. If I try climbing a certain distance down and then jumping the rest of the way...
:'''Scribbled Note:''' My supplies won't last more than a few more days. I have to act soon...
:'''Scribbled Note:''' I promised Joel that I'd take him to see the snow. I won't break that promise.
:'''Scribbled Note:''' Oh, yes. If anyone sees these notes, please put some food into that feeding bowl for those foxes.
:'''Scribbled Note:''' They kept me company the entire time I was trapped in here. If I get the chance, I'd love to bring Joel back here to see them...

;(After reading the note)
:'''Paimon:''' There's nothing else around here other than this note and that bowl.
:'''Paimon:''' That adventurer is also nowhere to be found. Paimon sure hopes he made it safely down the mountain...
:'''Paimon:''' Should we tell Joel about what happened here?
:'''Paimon:''' You call the shots on this one. Oh, that adventurer asked us to feed the foxes too. Yet another thing on our to-do list!
----
;(Report back to Joel)
:'''Joel:''' How did it go? Any news from Daddy?
:{{DIcon}} Here's what we discovered in the cavern at the summit...
::'''Joel:''' Daddy... No, that can't be. Daddy's a great adventurer! He'd get out of a small rough patch like this for sure.
::'''Joel:''' He said that he'd found a way down the mountain in his notes, didn't he? He must've made it down safely. That's gotta be it.
::{{DIcon}} I suppose he made it down safely...
::'''Joel:''' Exactly. He must've! He might even be resting right now.
::'''Joel:''' Or... he might have set up a new campsite at the summit, and is taking a break there right now...
::'''Joel:''' Whatever the case, I'm sure that once he's all rested up, Daddy will come here and look for me...
::'''Joel:''' I'll keep waiting for him here. Thanks for helping me out, by the way. Here, these are for you.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't find anything.
::'''Joel:''' R&mdash;Really? But that Knight of Favonius said that Daddy did go up the mountain.
::'''Joel:''' Maybe he was mistaken... Or maybe Daddy set up a new campsite elsewhere...
::'''Joel:''' Well, guess I'll just wait here for him... I bet Daddy would be worried sick if he came home and couldn't find me.
::'''Joel:''' Thanks for helping me out. Here, take these.
::'''Joel:''' Where are you, Daddy...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/0hloqNkS4pA
|caption1 = Quest Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lost in the Snow
|zhs     = 雪山迷踪
|zhs_rm  = Xuěshān Mí Zōng
|zht     = 雪山迷蹤
|zht_rm  = Xuěshān Mí Zōng
|zh_tl   = Lost in the Snow Mountain
|ja      = 雪山迷走
|ja_rm   = Yukiyama Meirou
|ja_tl   = Straying in Snowy Mountain
|ko      = 설산에서 길을 잃다
|ko_rm   = Seolsan-eseo Gil-eul Ilta
|ko_tl   = Lost in the Snow Mountain
|es      = Perdido en la montaña
|es_tl   = Lost in the Mountain
|fr      = Richesses de Dosdragon
|fr_tl   = Richness of Dragonspine
|ru      = Заблудший в снегах
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = หลงทางบนภูเขาหิมะ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lạc Trong Núi Tuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verloren im Schnee
|de_tl   = Lost in the Snow
|id      = Tersesat di Gunung Salju
|id_tl   = Lost in the Snowy Mountain
|pt      = Perdidos na Neve
|pt_tl   = Lost in the Snow
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[fr:Richesses de Dosdragon]]
[[es:Perdido en la montaña]]