{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5000
|image         = World Quest Lost in the Woods.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Between Pledge and Forgettance
|act           = 
|actNum        = 
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Big Guy?; Little One<!--initially as "Little Guy?"-->; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = Rite of the Bold
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*25,000;Reaffirmed Accord of Appellation*1
}}
'''Lost in the Woods''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]. The quest is automatically started when approaching the shining pillars located at the entrance to Natlan.

==Steps==
# Defeat the Rifthounds
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
# Speak to the giant beast
# Shatter the rock and rescue [[Little One|the whelp]]
# Speak to the young creature
# Give the little one an awesome new name!
# Talk to your [[Saurian]] companion
# Follow your Saurian companion
# Leave the strange space

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Transclude|Reaffirmed Accord of Appellation|Gameplay Notes}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After having just arrived in Natlan, you are teleported to a strange space...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the shining pillars)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}, there's something weird over there. Should we go take a closer look?

;(After being teleported by the shining pillars)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Where is this place? And why are there so many Rifthounds...? Be careful, {{Traveler}}!

;(After defeating the Rifthounds)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey, big guy... You okay? Can you stand?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no, it looks really weak. Ugh, seriously! Those floaty ghostly dogs are always up to no good... In fact, make that all things floaty!
:{{DIcon}} You're fairly floaty, as floaty things go...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's nothing like those guys!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, forget that for now. Let's see if we can get this guy something to eat, and then... We'll let it rest for a while.
:'''Paimon:''' It'll be feeling better soon, Paimon's sure of it!
:{{DIcon}} It's too late...
:{{DIcon}} It's been holding out for far too long...
:'''Paimon:''' No...
:'''Big Guy?:''' ...*heavy breathing*
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no. It must be in so much pain, {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} We've defeated your foes.
:{{DIcon}} You can rest now, big guy. You did good.
:'''Big Guy?:''' ...*heavy breathing*
:{{DIcon}} Is... there something else that's on your mind?
::{{DIcon}} Is there... Something you'd like to tell me?
:{{Black Screen|Stretch... out your hand... Chosen of... [[Dragon]]s... Reach out to me...}}<!-- golden text -->
:{{Black Screen|Join... strengths, and then... Witness all... and thus, liberate all...}}
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on, {{Traveler}}? This is no time to zone out!
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing. Just a bit of a daze...
:'''Big Guy?:''' ...
:'''Big Guy?:''' ...Hrooo... Rrooo...
:{{DIcon}} Is that your desire, or...?
::{{DIcon}} (Reach out to the dying beast...)
:'''Paimon:''' What are you doing... Err...
<!-- golden screen transition -->
;(The Traveler disappears, and the weakened Saurian abruptly sits up)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, you...!

:'''Paimon:''' Why's the big guy so energetic, all of a sudden...? Wait, is that you, {{Traveler}}? You're... [[Saurian Indwelling|inside its body]]? Uhh, this better not be some kind of strange dream...
:'''Paimon:''' So how about we just... rescue that little guy first?

;(After breaking the rock)
:;(The rock shatters to reveal an inactive [[Phlogiston Chiselith]])
:;(The Traveler infuses it with Phlogiston, causing the trap to release the "little guy")
<!-- black screen transition -->
:'''Paimon:''' Ah... Are you alright there, little guy?
:'''Little Guy?:''' Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's wrong? You don't look so good. Is it your tail? Did you injure it when you fell from that barrier?
:'''Little Guy?:''' Rawr...
:{{DIcon}} If only we could bandage it...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, it's Paimon's time to shine! Your backpack's so full that even when it's an emergency, it still takes all day to find anything.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's use this scarf from Paimon's Emergency Backpack instead!
:{{DIcon}} I have no clue where that backpack of yours is even supposed to be...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Somewhere secret, somewhere safe, of course...
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, do you wanna use the scarf or not?
:{{DIcon}} We'll use it. Thank you kindly, Paimon.
:'''Little Guy?:''' Errr?
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, little guy, don't move...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. Our little guy sure is well behaved, eh, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Little Guy?:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} That should do the trick.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright. Feel better now?
:'''Little Guy?:''' Roar...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, looks way better now. That's a relief... Still, how did you end up in that barrier? And those Rifthounds...
:'''Little Guy?:''' Errr?
:'''Paimon:''' So you don't know either, huh. Now, we don't really get what you're saying... But now that we've rescued you, you can go home.
:'''Little Guy?:''' Ehrrr?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, do you not know where your home is?
:'''Paimon:''' What about relatives, then? ...Oh, wait... That big guy from earlier...
:'''Paimon:''' What do we do, {{Traveler}}? We can't just leave it here all by itself, right?
:'''Little Guy?:''' Wrroh...
:{{DIcon}} It might be better if you stay with us for a while...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that makes sense. Maybe we'll find this little guy's family when we reach Natlan... But we've never seen anything like it...
:{{DIcon}} Ah. "Chosen of... Dragons..." Could that mean...?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. You mean you heard something like that?
:'''Paimon:''' Now that Paimon thinks about it, Natlan is the "nation of dragons"... So, does that mean that... wait, they call little guys like this 'Saurians' around here, right?
:'''Little Guy?:''' Rawoo...
:'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, Paimon does see some resemblance to [[vishap]]s. Y'know... Two legs, one tail, and all.
:'''Little Guy?:''' Rraaa?
:{{DIcon}} We're happy to have it travel with us...
::{{DIcon}} But we should ask our friend here if that's what it wants to do first.
:'''Paimon:''' True, true. Hey there, little guy. Would you like to travel with us?
:'''Little Guy?:''' ...
:'''Little Guy?:''' Rrawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe! Looks like we're all agreed then. Anyway, Paimon's Paimon, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s {{Traveler}}!
:'''Little Guy?:''' Wrraa? Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah, you need a name too... Let Paimon think. Right! Since you're yellow and brown all over, let's call you "Hash Brown"!
:'''Hash Brown?:''' Rroooo... Rraaaa...
:{{DIcon}} I suspect that would only go down well at [[Good Hunter]]...
::'''Paimon:''' You mean people wouldn't like it anywhere else?
:{{DIcon}} Looks like it doesn't like that name...
:'''Little Guy?:''' Rroo...
:'''Paimon:''' Would you like {{Traveler}} to give you a name, then? Well... not that Paimon can vouch for {{MC|m=his|f=her}} naming sense, though.
:{{DIcon}} All the names I've come up with so far have been perfectly normal, I'll have you know.
:{{DIcon}} Poor little thing... to suffer such a calamitous fate.
----
:'''Paimon:''' So, what should we call this little guy?
;(A disclaimer appears on screen)
::{{Black Screen|Rules and Disclaimers for Name Modification}}
::{{Color|menu|Name Change Rules}}
::You can obtain the item "[[Reaffirmed Accord of Appellation]]" from "Lost in the Woods," which will allow you to change "[[Little One]]"'s name.
::Please take note that some names cannot be utilized in this change.
::Once you have renamed this character, some interfaces in the game going forward will display the name that you have chosen.
::{{Color|help|There is a limit on the number of times you can rename this character, so do so with care.}}
::&nbsp;
::{{Color|menu|Disclaimer}}
::Travelers, please ensure that you follow our Terms of Service while using this function. To create a healthy gaming environment, please read and confirm that you will not instigate or take part in:
::1. The creation of content that discriminates against any race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, ethnicity, government, or region.
::2. The bullying or insulting of any Travelers or groups of Travelers.
::3. Any other content or behavior that violates the Terms of Service.
::&nbsp;
::We may have to restrict your use of the game services if you do not follow these rules. This may include suspension, restriction, a name reset, forced disconnection, login suspension, or account forfeiture.
::&nbsp;
::At the same time, you are welcome to use the Report function to send feedback to us, should you encounter the aforementioned situations.
::{{Key|Confirm}}

;(Enter an invalid name)
:;([[#PowerfulEntityNames|Names of certain powerful entities]], e.g., "Azhdaha")
:::'''Little Guy?:''' Rawr...
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, this name feels like it's piling the pressure on... Let's go with something else, {{Traveler}}!
::;(Return to name selection)
:;(The name "Paimon")
:::'''Paimon:''' No, no, this name won't do at all!
::;(Return to name selection)
:;([[#UnavailableNames|The name of certain major figures]], e.g., "Traveler")
::;(The system will display "Name Unavailable" instead of a Paimon dialogue line)
::;(Return to name selection)
:;(A name identical to the one given to the [[Wanderer]])
::;(The system will display "Name cannot be the same as {{Wanderer}}" instead of a Paimon dialogue line)
::;(Return to name selection)

;(Enter a valid name)
:;([[#PlayableCharacters|Enter an accepted playable character's name]], such as "Kachina")
::;(A disclaimer appears on screen)
::::{{Black Screen|Hint}}
::::Someone already owns the name you have chosen. {{Color|help|Using this name may affect your experience in specific quests}}. Are you sure of your choice?
::::{{Key|Cancel}} {{Key|Confirm}}
:::;(Proceeds to confirmation dialogue options)
:;(Enter a name identical to the Traveler's name)
:::'''Paimon:''' Err, are you going to give it the same name as you, {{Traveler}}?
::;(Proceeds to confirmation dialogue options)
:;(Enter the name "LittleOne")
:::'''Little Guy?:''' Rawr!
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, ({{tt|LittleOne|Variant based on input}}) isn't a bad name either... and it's a name Paimon came up with too, right?
::;(Proceeds to confirmation dialogue options)
:;(Enter the name "Hashbrown" or "HashBrown")
:::'''Little Guy?:''' Rawr!
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? You didn't like it when Paimon said "Hash Brown," but {{Traveler}} calls you "({{tt|HashBrown|Variant based on input}})" and now you're all happy and stuff? ...Ugh, never mind. No point being mad at you.
::;(Proceeds to confirmation dialogue options)
:;([[#Kaijuu|Enter the names of certain notable ''kaijuu'']], e.g., "Godzilla")
:::'''Little Guy?:''' Rawr!
:::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, there's some real power behind that name!
::;(Proceeds to confirmation dialogue options)
:;(Generic valid name response)
:::'''Paimon:''' Then let's call this little fella ({{tt|Chosen Name|The name input for the Tepetlisaurus Whelp prior to confirmation}}), shall we?
:::{{DIcon}} Let's go with that!
::::'''Paimon:''' Alright, hehe!
:::;(Continue on)
:::{{DIcon}} Let me think about this some more...
::::'''Paimon:''' Alright. Names are important, after all, so give it all the thought you need!
:::;(Return to name selection)
----
;(After choosing a name)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}. That'll be your name from now on, little guy!
:{{DIcon}} {{Little One}}...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' ...Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like our little friend loves this name! Well, with any luck, we'll solve the mystery that surrounds you while we're in Natlan... Ah, and maybe we'll get some clues as to why {{Traveler}} was able to suddenly enter that Saurian's body...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, are you okay, by the way, {{Traveler}}? You suddenly turned into a Saurian back there... Are you feeling uncomfortable anyway?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, just a little Saurian-sick.
::'''Paimon:''' What's that even supposed to mean!? This isn't the time for jokes!
:{{DIcon}} Becoming a Saurian for a bit was alright.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, it'd best stay that way! Things could go south real fast if some day you were to turn into a Saurian and be unable to transform back...
:'''Paimon:''' Still, {{Traveler}}, Paimon's never heard of anyone in Natlan who can turn into a Saurian... This is kinda weird.
:'''Paimon:''' Seriously, we only just got here, and it feels like so much has already happened... Anyway, how do we get outta here?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? You know where the exit is?

:'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey! Don't just suddenly go running off like that...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You've made a new friend! Travel together with {{Little One}} during your stay in Natlan.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to {{Little One}}, optional)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Ehrr... Rawr!

;(Leave the space)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, we're back here... Strange... the shining pillars from before are gone!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon's heard that there's a place called the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]], and it's a major hub in Natlan. Maybe someone there might know what's happened to {{Little One}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's head there if we get the chance, shall we?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Lost in the Woods
|zhs      = 迷林之子
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 迷林之子
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 森の中の迷子
|ja_rm    = Mori no Naka no Maigo
|ja_tl    = Children Lost in the Woods
|ko       = 이상한 숲속의 꼬마
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Perdido en el bosque
|es_tl    = Lost in the Forest
|fr       = Dans les bois
|fr_tl    = In the Woods
|ru       = Заблудшие дети леса
|ru_tl    = Lost Children of the Woods
|th       = หลงทางในป่าใหญ่
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đứa Con Lạc Rừng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Verloren in den Wäldern
|de_tl    = Lost in the Woods
|id       = Tersesat di Hutan
|id_tl    = Lost in the Woods
|pt       = Perdido Na Floresta
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Ormanda Kayboluş
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Persi nei boschi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[vi:Đứa Con Lạc Rừng]]
[[zh:迷林之子]]