{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Story Quest Lost and Inherited.png
|id            = 14016
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Rosa Multiflora Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Braving the Tides Together
|character     = Navia
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Colter; Ludivine; Martinat; Navia; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage
|prev          = Shimmering Memories
|next          = Yesterday's Tears, Tomorrow's Light
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*475;Mora*34,075;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7;"Poisson Trigger-Transmission Fishing Rod"*1
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Lost and Inherited''''' is the second part of {{Quest|Braving the Tides Together}}.
<!--
==Start Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s start location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Steps==
# Go to the Court of Fontaine to collect the goods
# Catch up with the people following you
# Defeat your pursuers {{Enemy List|delim=;;|1=Treasure Hoarders: Scout{text=Martinat &mdash; Obsessive Follower};;Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer;;Treasure Hoarders: Seaman}}
# Talk to [[Martinat]] and the others
# Go to the [[Fleuve Cendre]]
# Sit inside and wait for the banquet to begin
# Take part in the banquet
# Fish with Navia
# Return to the Fleuve Cendre to rest

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 2, the party will be limited to the [[Traveler]].
* During step 3, [[Navia]] will join the current party.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!--World Level-->
|wl                     = 5, 8, 9

<!--Character-->
|character_name          = Navia

|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

<!--Weapon-->
|weapon_name             = Verdict

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

<!--Artifacts-->
|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4
|artifact_level5         = 16
|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|artifact_level8         = 20

<!--Talents-->
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

<!--Attributes-->
|hp5                     = 20,496
|atk5                    = 1,803
|def5                    = 735
|em5                     = 42
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 70.0%
|crit_dmg5               = 120.7%

|hp8                     = 26,535
|atk8                    = 2,287
|def8                    = 939
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 79.2%
|crit_dmg8               = 130.3%

<!-- WL 9 Stats -->
|character_level9        = 90
|constellation9          = 3

|weapon_name9            = Verdict
|weapon_level9           = 90
|refinement9             = 3

|artifact_flower9        = Selfless Floral Accessory
|artifact_feather9       = Honest Quill
|artifact_sands9         = Faithful Hourglass
|artifact_goblet9        = Magnanimous Ink Bottle
|artifact_circlet9       = Compassionate Ladies' Hat
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 10
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 13
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 10

|hp9                     = 20,640
|atk9                    = 2,984
|def9                    = 939
|em9                     = 105
|er9                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate9              = 79.2%
|crit_dmg9               = 130.3%
|geo_dmg9                = 46.6%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Colter tells you stories of the Spina di Rosula's past. After a rest, it is time to head off to the Court of Fontaine.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nvlq002 1 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' All set? Let's move out, then.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 1 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I asked some old acquaintances in town to make Adele's uniform, so we should be able to pick it up right away.

;(Talk to Ludivine in the Court of Fontaine)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey there, Ludivine? How's business lately?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 ludivine 01.ogg}} '''Ludivine:''' Ah, the Demoiselle of Spina di Rosula! I must say, your generous patronage is the one thing keeping me from going bankrupt.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Haha, nonsense, we all know what a talented businesswoman you are. Oh, and don't forget, she's the Boss now.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 ludivine 02.ogg}} '''Ludivine:''' My mistake, my mistake. I just got so used to calling her Demoiselle.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 ludivine 03.ogg}} '''Ludivine:''' Are you here for the uniform?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yup. I forgot to drop by earlier when I was running errands around here.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 ludivine 04.ogg}} '''Ludivine:''' Haha, I didn't expect Demoiselle to come and pick it up in person. It's just a uniform, after all. Any of your folks could have come instead.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia's always liked to take even small things seriously!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, that's not the only reason I'm here! We mostly just needed a walk to clear our heads.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' There are few things more uplifting than taking the first step on a new journey.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 colter 02.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Haha, Boss has got a point. Going on a trip with friends is always better than staying cooped up at home.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 ludivine 05.ogg}} '''Ludivine:''' Very well... Please wait here while I retrieve the uniform for you.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, can someone remind Paimon again why Adele wants to join the Spina?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, she hasn't given me any concrete reasons. All she says is that she really looks up to me.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' After we cleared her father's name, she became a lot more cheerful and outgoing. It's probably because she now knows for sure that her father was never a bad person.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' She said she used to be terrified of Papa, so as a result, she found all the rest of the Spina super scary as well.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But the Spina is very different now. She mustered up the courage to talk to me, and felt like I could really understand her.
:{{DIcon}} The two of you have contended with similar circumstances.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, you could say that. By uncovering the truth about the case, I was able to give her closure at the same time.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' She said that she wanted to become someone like me &mdash; someone who could lend a hand to others, instead of standing still and waiting for others to help her.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 colter 03.ogg}} '''Colter:''' From the sound of it, she'll be a wonderful addition to the Spina.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I think so too, but for now, let's focus on giving her a great atmosphere to grow and thrive. She can commit to us once she's older, and can really make that decision for herself.
:{{Color|menu|You once again discover a similar oddity...}}
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So I wasn't just hearing things.)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is something up, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Follow me.
:{{DIcon}} Someone's tailing us.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? T&mdash;Tailing? Paimon's coming!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'll go check it out too! Colter, please hold on to this for me!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 2 colter 04.ogg}} '''Colter:''' A&mdash;Alright!
----
{{Quest Description|update|The strange feeling you got during the trip was no illusion. Someone's been following you.}}
;(Chase after the person)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon saw them too! They headed up!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Stop right there!

;(After catching the person)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 01.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Tch. We knew you were going to be difficult.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh. Seems like if we want them to talk, we're gonna need to teach them a lesson first.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 02.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Brothers, there's no need to skulk in the dark anymore! Let's take them out!

;(After the fight concludes)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Now talk. Who are you, and why were you tailing us?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 03.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' ...
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't think we'll let you off easy if you keep silent!
:{{DIcon}} Recognize your situation, and don't entertain any fantasies of escape.
:{{DIcon}} We've got people up above and down below as well.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 04.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' ...!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' How did it go, Boss? Are any of you hurt?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Heh, if you thought they stood any chance against us, you were sorely mistaken.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Anyway, stop playing tough and start talking. There won't be any room for negotiation once the Maison Gardiennage gets involved.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 05.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' We... were looking to get vegeance{{sic}} on Spina di Rosula.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 06.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' We were discovered, and can't beat you in a fight... We admit it, we lost.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Get revenge? Wait... You're not Romeuf's followers, are you?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 07.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' You actually know that name...?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 08.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' But if you do, then surely, you should understand why we hate you so much!
:{{DIcon}} I would advise you to calm down.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 colter 02.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Indeed. You haven't got the faintest hope of winning right now.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 09.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Tch...
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 10.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' We were out drinking when we saw Navia. We got so angry, we decided to follow you guys and look for an opportunity to really mess up your day.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 11.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Too bad you guys messed up ours first.
:{{DIcon}} You're lying.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 12.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Huh...?
:{{DIcon}} You followed us all the way here.
:{{DIcon}} There's more to this.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 13.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' You're pretty sharp, but so what? We didn't do anything, and now it should be pretty obvious that we can't do anything to you anyway.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 14.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Seeing you like that just really ticked us off, and we let the drink go to our heads.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Listen, Callas is long dead. No matter what happened in the past, I want to be able to start things anew.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I am the current President of Spina di Rosula. If your boss wants to talk with me, I'd be happy to meet with him.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I won't press charges for your attack. That should also help demonstrate my sincerity.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 15.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' ...I understand, thank you. I'll let our Boss know.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But if you so much as think about pulling something like this again, I won't be so lenient next time. Understood?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 martinat 16.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Alright, we get it. C'mon, let's go.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, are you sure it's okay to just let them go like that, Navia?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I don't want to inherit my father's grudges, too. Moreover, when it comes to the aquabus, I don't think what my father did was entirely correct, either.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If the other side is willing to talk, I'm happy to open the door for a reconciliation. Opportunities for new beginnings are all around us.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 colter 03.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I support Boss' decision as well. The concept of "an eye for an eye" is a primitive practice that has no place in today's Spina di Rosula.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yes. Plus, we already know that they're strapped for cash. If their financial situation is that dire, they don't have what it takes to challenge us, so this may be the best time to talk.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I still think we should keep an eye out for Romeuf's folks, though. If he decides to ignore the warning I gave his men...
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Then we could still have a fight on our hands.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, those guys definitely didn't look like big fans of yours.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 colter 04.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I'd rather things not go that far, since... Though we haven't talked to each other for years, once upon a time, we were all a part of the Spina di Rosula family.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yep, that's how I feel as well. Anyway, now that we've sent them packing, we don't have to worry about those guys anymore.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's getting late already, so why don't we stay the night in the Fleuve Cendre? We can head back to Poisson tomorrow.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'll also ask someone to write Florent a letter and inform him of everything that happened here today, so he can increase security around Poisson, and be on guard against any suspicious individuals.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do we have to stay in the Fleuve Cendre again? Even the pillows there smell like seaweed...
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Sorry, that's just what happens when you live near water and don't get much sunlight. Poisson's pretty much the same, though, so I've long since gotten used to it.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We can still go out in the evening for some grilled fish and drinks, though. Bet you there'll be people singing sea shanties too! How does that sound?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, that does sound pretty cool! Okay, Paimon's on board now. Let's go, Paimon wants to sing, too!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Spina di Rosula Uniform Gift Box}})
----
{{Quest Description|update|As it turns out, your pursuers were people with a grudge against Navia and the Spina di Rosula. Now that they've been driven off, you can continue enjoying this short trip.}}
;(Go to Fleuve Cendre)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Coming back here, it really does feel like this place is starting to grow on Paimon.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you think about it, it would be kind of weird if the Spina's base at the Court was some super luxurious building like the Palais Mermonia.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, totally! Right on the money, Paimon.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Although of course, with the continued growth of the Spina, Papa wanted Poisson to eventually grow into a metropolis not unlike the Court.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' He was a very ambitious man who rarely looked behind or beneath him. For better or worse, that always made him stand out from the crowd.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' And that's also why people hated him just as much as they loved him.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, why don't you wait for me at the restaurant? I'll go do some prep, and I'll get someone to tidy up your room while I'm at it.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You can use the same room as last time. You still remember the room number, yeah?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep yep! Kinda hard to forget when there are only so many rooms here after all.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oho, did I just hear someone taking a dig at Fleuve Cendre? I'll tell my guys to stuff your pillows full of actual seaweed right now!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's sorry! Please have mercy, Navia! If you do that, then Paimon really won't be able to sleep at all!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 4 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, I was just kidding. Be on your way, now.

;(Sit inside)
:{{Black Screen|You enjoy a fantastic meal as well as a wonderful performance. The boisterous night begins to slip away before you know it.}}
:{{Black Screen|As things slowly die down, you return to your room with Paimon, but you soon hear a knock at the door...}}
:{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hello? Are you asleep yet?
:{{DIcon}} Navia?
:{{DIcon}} Did something happen?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No, not at all. I just figured that since we don't get to enjoy nights like these very often, we should try to enjoy it to the fullest.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wanna go fishing? I've got some rods and lures ready.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's the "prep" you were talking about! Sure, we'll come!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, hopefully I didn't wake you or anything.
:{{DIcon}} You're good.
::{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 05a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Don't worry, you don't have to do any actual fishing if you're too tired.
::{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 05a 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Just think of it as keeping me company. How does that sound?
:{{DIcon}} Since the invitation is coming from you...
::{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 05b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, I knew it, you really are my best partner!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 5 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Okay, let's go. To the fishing spot!
----
;(Approach the fishing spot)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can you call this fishing when you're using a fully automatic rod!?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm? What's the problem? Lots of people in Poisson use rods like these.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... But shouldn't fishing be all about... You know, attentively watching the float, and then excitedly reeling in the catch when you've finally hooked something?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, that's one way to enjoy fishing! What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I like Paimon's method. Manual all the way.
::{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 03a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Then let's try regular rods next time. We can have a real fishing competition!
:{{DIcon}} Automation is more efficient.
::{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 03b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, that's how I feel as well. To me, I'm happy as long as I catch some fish.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Honestly, Paimon's mainly shocked at how much energy you still have at this hour. Usually, by this time of night, it's a struggle for Paimon to even keep her eyes open!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Eh, it might just be something that runs in my family.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a thing?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, I'm sure you'd just get even sleepier if I delved more deeply into it. Anyway, I was just thinking about how grateful I am to my mother, as well as the rest of the Spina.
:{{DIcon}} Your mother?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My father always had a lot of unrealistic expectations for me, but the more that he tried to get me to become like him, the less I wanted to listen to what he had to say.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My mother never had those kinds of expectations, though. I've heard that she had only one wish for me, which was that I would have a happy and secure childhood.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' All the members of the Spina greatly respected her wish, so no matter what I did as a child, they were happy to humor me.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Can you imagine? Whenever my father wanted to scold me for something I'd done, everyone would form up into two rows, and just stand silently and listen to him rant. Melus and Silver were always there, too.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No matter what Papa yelled, nobody else would say a word. Eventually, Papa must have recognized scolding me over trivial matters was pointless, because he eventually stopped getting on my case so often.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon would've never guessed...
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah... looking back on it now as an adult, I can hardly believe how patient and kind everyone was.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' When I was young, I often thought that I could do whatever I wanted, because there'd always be someone there to clean up after me.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But once, I saw Melus come back wounded. He wouldn't tell me how he'd been injured, but I could tell that it had something to do with me.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I learned then that there's always a cost to making a mistake. The more you care about those around you, the more you should care about doing the right thing to the best of your abilities.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Because if you do falter, there will inevitably come a time when you'll have to face the consequences. And when that time comes, those most precious to you really will throw themselves in front of you, and pay the price for your mistakes...
:{{DIcon}} Navia...
:{{DIcon}} It must still be really hard for you.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Sorry, sorry, I shouldn't have brought that up. I wasn't planning to talk about sad things tonight.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Basically, I was just saying that the nurturing atmosphere of the Spina must have been my mother's legacy, rather than my father's.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And if that's the only way that I can continue to feel her love, then I'd like to pass that warmth on.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that why you let those guys go today?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Mhm, although maybe there's a part of not wanting to repeat the mistakes of the past. I want to be reasonable, at least.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}, look! I think you've got something on the line!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why isn't the rod automatically reeling it in?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' There must be something wrong with how I installed the mechanism. It was my first time putting one of those rods together!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 navia 22.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We can't let it get away! C'mon, you two, let's catch it!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You want Paimon to help too!?
:{{Black Screen|After some time, you finally manage to reel in the prize catch together.}}
:{{Black Screen|For the rest of the night, your rod continues to rack up catch after catch, while for some reason, Navia can't seem to hook a single fish.}}
:{{Black Screen|Navia is quite upset about her bad luck, but it's only when you begin to head back that Paimon discovers the real reason to the mystery of why she didn't get a single bite.}}
:{{A|vo nvlq002 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You... You didn't attach a hook to your line!?

;(Return to Fleuve Cendre)
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 martinat 01.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' Stop wasting time. The Boss ain't gonna wait all day.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 martinat 02.ogg}} '''Martinat:''' We'll go ahead with the operation tomorrow. Do with that information as you wish.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Heh, well your rod was missing a part too, so... I guess that makes it fair.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if we're just talking about the number of missing parts, sure... *yawn* Ugh, never mind, Paimon really can't keep her eyes open anymore.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, alright, go to bed! I had a great time today.
:{{DIcon}} See you tomorrow, Navia.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Mhm, see you tomorrow!
:{{Color|menu|After you say your goodbyes to Navia, you and Paimon return to your rooms and sleep till dawn...}}
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So, how was last night? Did you get a good night's sleep?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon dreamt that she danced with the sea stars... So you could say it was stellar, get it?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...And just where did you get that from...?
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Haha, I didn't know you had such a great sense of humor.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See, this guy gets it!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Anyway, let's head out. I'll arrange for a boat to take us back to Poisson. I'm sure Adele will be happy to see you two again.
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon hopes she'll really appreciate your gift!
:{{A|vo nvlq002 7 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I hope so too.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lost and Inherited
|zhs     = 遗落与传承
|zhs_rm  = Yíluò yǔ Chuánchéng
|zht     = 遺落與傳承
|zht_rm  = Yíluò yǔ Chuánchéng
|zh_tl   = Loss and Inheritance
|ja      = 遺失と伝承
|ja_rm   = Ishitsu to Denshou
|ja_tl   = Loss and Tradition
|ko      = 유실과 계승
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Abandono y legado
|es_tl   = Abandonment and Legacy
|fr      = Perdu et hérité
|fr_tl   = Lost and Inherited
|ru      = Утраченное и унаследованное
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การสูญเสียและการสืบทอด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thất Lạc Và Kế Thừa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verlorenes und Geerbtes
|de_tl   = Lost and Inherited
|id      = Yang Hilang Telah Diwariskan
|id_tl   = The Lost Has Been Inherited
|pt      = Perdido e Herdado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kayıp Miras
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Smarrimento ed eredità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}