{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71058
|image         = World Quest Lost in a Foreign Land.png
|type          = World
|title         = Lost in a Foreign Land
|chapter       = Lost in a Foreign Land
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Katarina; Traveler; Paimon
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = 
|next          = Lost in a Foreign Land: Seeking
|exp           = 200
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}
'''''Lost in a Foreign Land''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]. It is the first part of the [[Lost in a Foreign Land]] World Quest Series.

Start this quest by defeating the [[Fatui Electro Cicin Mage]] by the Teleport Waypoint in [[The Glowing Narrows]].

==Steps==
# The defeated Fatui Mage seems to have something to tell you.
# Defeat the [[Floating Fungi]] that emerged
# Continue talking to the Fatui Mage
# Go to the Fatui Mage's hidden encampment
# Talk to the Fatui Mage

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You run into a less-hostile Fatui mage in The Chasm. What is she doing here?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(The defeated Fatui Mage seems to have something to tell you.)
:'''???:''' *cough*... W&mdash;Wait! Stop! Who are you? Why are you here...?
:'''???:''' And... why are you attacking me?
:'''Paimon:''' You are one to talk! We saw you sneaking around!
:{{DIcon}} Since you're the bad guy here, why don't you explain yourself first?
:'''???:''' ...Katarina. My name is [[Katarina Snezhevna]].
:'''Katarina:''' My name is the most I can divulge. My apologies.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... We just want to know what's happening. We aren't trying to interrogate you!
:'''Katarina:''' S&mdash;Sorry. That really is all I can disclose.
:{{DIcon}} What are the Fatui doing here?
:'''Katarina:''' That's classified.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Paimon:''' Come on, bad guys do have a thing for being secretive!
:'''Katarina:''' Hehe, you're right. We're the bad guys and that's what we do.
:'''Katarina:''' Alright, time's up for the question-and-answer session.. We've got company!

;(Defeat the Floating Fungi that emerged)

;(Continue talking to the Fatui Mage)
:'''Katarina:''' Thank you... for not stabbing me in the back.
:{{DIcon}} The feeling's mutual.
:{{DIcon}} So, the Fatui all have trust issues, huh?
:'''Katarina:''' Pfft... Although I don't know where you got that impression, this isn't a romantic place to try hitting on me... Come to my hideout if you wish to talk.

:'''Katarina leaves.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Isn't she a Fatuus? Is it really OK to just let her go instead of sending her to the Millelith?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph... Alright, Paimon gets it. Forget it. She didn't hurt us, after all. Let's let her off the hook this time, shall we?

----

;(Go to the Fatui Mage's hidden encampment)
:'''Katarina:''' As expected, you came. Please take a seat.
:'''Katarina:''' Lemme see what's left... Black tea is out... Sugar, out too... Alright, here's some milk&mdash; Ugh, it's turned sour. Gotta throw it away later. Um, my apologies.
:'''Katarina:''' But there is plenty of Fire-Water, plus some hardtack and sour jam to go with it &mdash; enough for a tea party.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa...! Do you people really consider Fire-Water to be a standard tea party thing?
:'''Katarina:''' Yep, what's the problem with it?
:{{DIcon}} Uh... I'll pass.
::'''Katarina:''' What? Hehe, no one's gonna call you out on drinking here. Just suit yourself!
::{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
::{{DIcon}} What are you up to?
:{{DIcon}} We are not here for your tea party...
::'''Katarina:''' I know. I know... Don't get so serious.
::{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
::{{DIcon}} What are you up to?
:'''Katarina:''' "Sharing food and intel at the right moment is conducive to silencing a curious mouth."
:'''Katarina:''' ...that's what our handbook says.
:{{DIcon}} Well, where's the intel?
:'''Katarina:''' Uh? I just shared it.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Did you tell us anything?
:'''Katarina:''' Fatui Advance Team Handbook, Appendix 4-4, Article 32: "Sharing food and intel at the right moment is conducive to silencing a curious mouth." You're welcome.
:'''Katarina:''' You saved my life and in return, I divulged classified content from our handbook. Hehe, how's that for sincerity?
:'''Paimon:''' What's the use of that!?
:'''Katarina:''' Hehe, jokes aside... Actually, I'm very grateful for your help, but my kind gesture doesn't mean anything else.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... with what you people have done, Paimon finds it hard to believe in your "kind gesture"...
:{{DIcon}} What are you up to, really?
:'''Katarina:''' It's no surprise that outsiders fail to understand the cause of the Fatui. But when we aren't talking about what we pursue or which side we are on, we are just a bunch of ordinary people.
:'''Katarina:''' ...Besides, all our agendas and deeds are just preparatory work for the final battle.
:{{DIcon}} The final battle...?
:'''Katarina:''' Yes, in the end, all of us shall face a common enemy and the inescapable long night... Everyone in [[Snezhnaya]] has been thusly warned.
:'''Katarina:''' So, every drop of tears and blood of mankind, shed for the sake of this cruel world... They shall not be shed in vain.
:'''Katarina:''' Let's have a toast! No? Hmph, I'll just suit myself...
:{{DIcon}} Is this how you justify the evil you've done?
::'''Katarina:''' Maybe you're right... I don't know, nor do I care to know. You wanted an explanation, and I gave you one. You're free to not find it to your liking. That's all.
:{{DIcon}} That's quite a lofty-sounding explanation...
::'''Katarina:''' Ha...! You know what? You should try the liquor and jam from Snezhnaya.
::'''Katarina:''' Don't take it all too seriously, and don't think too much about it. Just trust what you want to trust. That's what we call "belief."
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... Where did all that deep stuff suddenly come from...
:'''Katarina:''' By the way, I've introduced myself, but I don't know your name yet.
:{{DIcon}} (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} You might've heard about me. I'm (Traveler).
:'''Paimon:''' And Paimon's Paimon!
:'''Katarina:''' Oh! Your names...!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehehe! We're pretty well-known all over the Teyvat, aren't we?
:'''Katarina:''' Sorry, I've never heard of you... Either of you, actually.
:'''Paimon:''' What!?
:'''Katarina:''' Please don't take it the wrong way &mdash; I was sent down here a long time ago. I barely know anything about what's happening on the surface save for the news we get through our supply lines.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh... Doesn't that mean...
:{{DIcon}} That your supply line's long been cut off?
:'''Katarina:''' ...
:'''Katarina:''' Tea party's over! I need to get some rest. Excuse me!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! We haven't even started eating yet!
:'''Katarina:''' Leave already! Didn't you just frown upon my Fire-Water?
:'''Paimon:''' That's because Paimon didn't think it was drinkable at all!
:{{DIcon}} Alright, Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} People have different food preferences, y'know...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph!
:'''Katarina:''' By the way, uh...! (Traveler), please wait&mdash;
:'''Katarina:''' Uh, it's nothing. I'm just thinking... that if it were you...
:'''Katarina:''' Please come back another day... if you don't find it too troublesome.

;(Talk to Katarina again)
:'''Katarina:''' I need to get some rest now. My old injuries still hurt. My apologies.
:'''Katarina:''' Please come back another day if you have more questions. I'll also have a favor to ask.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Lost in a Foreign Land|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}