{{Chapter Infobox
|image         = World Quest Lost in a Foreign Land.png
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
}}
'''Lost in a Foreign Land''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]], [[Liyue]].

This quest series is initiated by defeating the Fatui Electro Cicin Mage by the Teleport Waypoint in [[The Glowing Narrows]]. Further quests in this chapter require the [[Daily Reset]] to pass after completing the previous quest.

==Quests==
# [[Lost in a Foreign Land (Quest)]] (Day 1)
# [[Lost in a Foreign Land: Seeking]] (Day 2 & 3)

==Summary==
While exploring the underground mines of The Chasm, the Traveler and Paimon come across a Fatui Mage named [[Katarina Snezhevna]]. Her name is all she can disclose as her mission and what the Fatui are doing in The Chasm is classified. After defeating some Floating Fungi, she tells the Traveler to come to her hideout if they wish to talk. At the hideout, she offers the Traveler some Fire-Water because she's out of black tea, sugar, and milk. At the hideout, the Traveler asks her what the Fatui is doing and Katarina tells the Traveler that everything the Fatui does is in preparation for their "final battle" &mdash; in which everyone will "face a common enemy and the inescapable long night." Katarina does not offer anymore details after that and the Traveler wonders about Katarina's cryptic explanation.

Katarina then realizes she never asked for the Traveler and Paimon's names. So they introduce themselves and Paimon says they're well known throughout Teyvat, but it seems Katarina has never heard of them &mdash; she was sent down long time ago and only gets information through the Fatui's supply line. But since she doesn't know about the Traveler, Paimon remarks that her supply line must have been cut off a long time ago. At this awkward revelation to the Traveler and Paimon, Katarina tells them to leave. Just as they're about to leave, Katarina seems like she wants to tell them something but instead asks them to come back later.

----

When the Traveler returns, Katarina asks them if they could look for Nikolay, a member of her team. Paimon is relieved that she didn't ask them to do something crazy, like sabotaging the Millelith. Katarina wonders why the Fatui would want to sabotage the Millelith, but then realizes that the Fatui must have gotten into an altercation with Liyue and that's the reason why her supply line was cut off. Although she wonders what happened in Liyue, for now she's only concerned with Nikolay. Katarina points out where Nikolay had gone missing as he lured away enemies from the rest of the team, and so the Traveler heads to the location.

The Traveler finds Nikolay's insignia and a few shreds of his diary. The diary reveals that Nikolay had run to a secret chamber with only two exists &mdash; where he had came from and another tenuous exit that looks like it could easily collapse. Nikolay then says in his diary that he was spotted by a [[Shadowy Husk|swordsman clad in black]] and apologizes to Katarina. When approaching the nearby tunnel, the Traveler finds the cave has been sealed by collapsing rocks, implying that Nikolay might have tried to escape from the Shadowy Husk through the tenuous exit, but it is unknown whether he managed to escape before the rocks fell or if he was crushed.

The Traveler reports back to Katarina who offers them some Fire-Water. After hearing from the Traveler, Katarina says that Nikolay would not desert her or run from the face of battle and hopes he fought to his death. The Traveler tells her where they found the insignia and diary shreds and Katarina decides she will go looking for him. If he's still alive, she will kill him for being a traitor and running from battle, and if he's dead she will embrace his death as the inevitable fate of every Fatuus and be proud of him. She says this is what is meant by the Fatui saying "If not us, then who."

Continuing to chat with Katarina, the Traveler finds out she was a good friend of [[Lyudochka]]. Lyudochka had taken care of Katarina as they grew up in the [[House of the Hearth]]. Katarina has a hunch that Lyudochka is doing well and hopes Lyudochka doesn't think of her.

----

After the next [[Daily Reset]], the Traveler will find that Katarina is no longer at the hideout. The Traveler returns to where they found Nikolay's first diary fragment and find a letter from Nikolay that Katarina had carried with her, since it smelled of Fire-Water. Standing next to the letter is a Shadowy Husk. Since this letter was important to her and she is nowhere to be seen, this implies Katarina is either injured or, more likely, died at the hands of the Shadowy Husk.

==Total Series Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|type= Quest
|Adventure EXP = 400
|Mora = 40,000
|Primogem = 60
|Hero's Wit = 4
|sort = Adventure EXP,Primogem,Hero's Wit,Mora
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lost in a Foreign Land
|zhs     = 他乡迷失客
|zhs_rm  = Tāxiāng Míshī Kè
|zht     = 他鄉迷失客
|zht_rm  = Tāxiāng Míshī Kè
|zh_tl   = Guests Lost in a Foreign Land
|ja      = 異郷に迷い込んだ客
|ja_rm   = Ikyou ni Mayoikonda Kyaku{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Guest Lost in a Foreign Land
|ko      = {{tt|타향|他鄉}}에서 길을 잃은 {{tt|자|者}}
|ko_rm   = Tahyang-eseo Gireul Ireun Ja
|ko_tl   = A Man Lost in a Foreign Land
|es      = Viajeros perdidos
|es_tl   = Lost Travelers
|fr      = Dans un pays étranger...
|fr_tl   = In a Foreign Land...
|ru      = Пропавшая на чужбине
|ru_tl   = Lost in a Foreign Country
|ru_note = {{lang|ru=Пропавшая|mini=1}} is a female adjective.
|th      = แขกจากแดนไกลผู้พลัดหลง
|th_rm   = Khaek chak daen klai phu phlat long
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lạc Lối Nơi Đất Khách
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verloren in der Fremde
|de_tl   = Lost in a Foreign Land
|id      = Pengembara Yang Hilang
|id_tl   = The Lost Traveler
|pt      = Perdida em uma Terra Estrangeira
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yabancı Topraklarda Kaybolmak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Persa in una terra straniera
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
[[Category:Daily Quests]]

[[pt-br:Perdida em uma Terra Estrangeira]]
[[ru:Пропавшая на чужбине (серия заданий)]]