{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03005
|image         = Archon Quest C3A1 Lost in Prosperity.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = I
|act           = Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark
|part          = 6
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alhaitham; Bandi; Dori; Elham; Eymen; Latish; Jayant; Kudari; Paimon; Pooria; Raunak; Rama; Sidhu; Tariq; Traveler; Tumart
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = The Trail of the God of Wisdom
|next          = Ever So Close
|exp           = 625
|mora          = 25,450
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}{{Card|Canned Knowledge "Swordfighting Techniques VIII"|1}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Lost in Prosperity|chapter=3|act=1|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Port Ormos]]
# Ask [[Elham|a nearby merchant]] for information
# Eavesdrop on the [[Akademiya]] students' conversation
# Go to [[Djafar Tavern]]
# Find a place to sit and wait for the [[Eremites]] to arrive
# Get some information from the Eremites
# Catch up with [[Alhaitham]]
# Go with Alhaitham to a more secluded spot to continue your conversation
# Meet up with [[Dori]]'s [[Latish|contact]]
#* Choose "We want to buy some unripe [[Harra Fruit]]s."
# Go to the warehouse with [[Raunak]]
#* To increase trust, answer with the following:
#** Congratulations to you.
#** Dizziness with a side of tinnitus, please.
#** Port Ormos style.
# Flee together with Raunak
# Find the owner of the voice

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[The Merchant and the Gate of Knowledge]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Learning that the stolen package may have something to do with the gods, you and Paimon immediately set out for Port Ormos.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area in Port Ormos)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 rama 01.ogg}} '''Rama:''' Come and have a good look yourself! Traditional spices of the highest quality, made with pride and experience!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 pooria 01.ogg}} '''Pooria:''' Haha, you've got a deal! I can't thank you enough for always looking after my business.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 jayant 01.ogg}} '''Jayant:''' Believe me, I'm not making this up. Several [[Eremite]] mercenary groups are nearly in open conflict, but does the [[Corps of Thirty]] care? *sigh* And that's not all, did you know that...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, talk about hurly-burly, this place is busy! Guess that's only to be expected for the largest port in Sumeru. Uh, maybe it's because of what [[Dehya]] told us earlier, but Paimon can't seem to shake the feeling that there's also danger lurking in these crowds.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get our bearings so we can start looking for leads.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We know that whatever the [[Akademiya]] lost is related to the gods... But other than that, we don't have much else to go on.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... [[Asfand]] told us to try posing as Akademiya students while asking around. Paimon checked the Akasha on the way here, and the Akademiya doesn't seem to have any research facilities in [[Port Ormos]].
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it... Won't we look even more suspicious going around saying we're Akademiya students AND asking about the stolen item?
:{{DIcon}} Right, we should figure that out before doing anything else.
:{{DIcon}} Figuring that out could be crucial for the rest of our investigation here.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, given all the people that come through here every day, if there's any information to be found, Paimon bets we could find it in the market. Let's ask around and see what we come up with.

;(Talk to Elham)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 elham 01.ogg}} '''Elham:''' Welcome, welcome! How can I help you two?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there, we would like to ask you a question. Uh, do students from the Akademiya ever come to Port Ormos?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 elham 02.ogg}} '''Elham:''' Hehe, of course, especially around this time of year. Students from Sumeru City that are about to graduate often come to Port Ormos to cut loose a little.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 elham 03.ogg}} '''Elham:''' Many people often talk about how hard it is to get accepted into the Akademiya, let alone graduate. But those who finish their studies and go on to become full-time researchers at the Akademiya have it even harder.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 elham 04.ogg}} '''Elham:''' Sure, we may not be Sumeru City, but Port Ormos offers beautiful scenery and a stress-free environment. Some even say it's good luck to come to Port Ormos, so students and researchers come flocking here when things get to be too much at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 elham 05.ogg}} '''Elham:''' Ah, you see over there? Those are students from the Akademiya.
:{{DIcon}} They look pretty serious.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe even a little worried.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 elham 06.ogg}} '''Elham:''' They've been looking worried and miserable ever since they got here a few days ago.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 elham 07.ogg}} '''Elham:''' If you ask me, the life of a merchant is better. So long as the [[Akasha]] teaches us what we need, then life is good.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, those students seem to be discussing something... Let's see if we can listen in.

;(Approach the students to eavesdrop on the conversation)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 sidhu 01.ogg}} '''Sidhu:''' *sigh* It's no good... I've tried asking around, but I haven't been able to learn anything useful. Not to mention that a bunch of scary-looking Eremite mercenaries have been posted along the streets now.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 bandi 01.ogg}} '''Bandi:''' There's been a lot of fighting between the different Eremite factions in Port Ormos. If we choose to move on our own, then it would be wise to steer clear of them.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 bandi 02.ogg}} '''Bandi:''' Especially the group that's constantly shouting some stuff about "[[King Deshret]]" and some "resurrection." I've even heard that the [[Citadel of Regzar]] is starting to get fed up with them. What was that group called again...? Ayn something or other...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 kudari 01.ogg}} '''Kudari:''' They're called [[Ayn Al-Ahmar]]. Today I heard that the thing we're after might be in their possession at the moment.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 sidhu 02.ogg}} '''Sidhu:''' Wait, come again?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 kudari 02.ogg}} '''Kudari:''' Don't you see? Many of the Eremites in Port Ormos deal with trading this kind of thing.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 kudari 03.ogg}} '''Kudari:''' They're usually pretty wary of outsiders, but not so with students of the Akademiya. It's because the kind of goods that students are looking for aren't the kind of goods the Eremites are after. As long as they know you're a student, then deals can be made.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 kudari 04.ogg}} '''Kudari:''' I've heard that Ayn Al-Ahmar likes to set up shop at the [[Djafar Tavern]]. Supposedly, if you're willing to part with half a million Mora, they'll give you info on anything.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 sidhu 03.ogg}} '''Sidhu:''' Wa&mdash;Wait, did you just say half a million!? If information alone costs that much, then how could we ever afford to buy what we're looking for? *sigh* I guess we might as well give up on trying to graduate this way.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 kudari 05.ogg}} '''Kudari:''' I wouldn't worry too much. Our field of research is very niche. Who else could possibly be after that kind of shady knowledge? I bet it's practically worthless to anyone aside from us.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 sidhu 04.ogg}} '''Sidhu:''' Oh, I guess that makes sense. Then the only thing left for us now is to find a way in. Why don't we all just pool our money together and pay for the information?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, did you hear that? A niche field of research and shady knowledge... It all sounds pretty suspicious to Paimon. Is knowledge something people just buy and sell like that?
:{{DIcon}} It's very suspicious indeed.
:{{DIcon}} Whatever was stolen from the Akademiya was also related to "knowledge."
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what's our plan?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go to Djafar Tavern.
:{{DIcon}} Let's try talking to one of the Eremites.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! Didn't you hear what they just said? Buying information is going to cost us HALF A MILLION MORA!!! Have you lost your mind!?
:{{DIcon}} Reliable information is worth the price.
:{{DIcon}} I won't let them off easy if it turns out to be a scam.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, alright. Paimon never thought she'd agree to parting with that kind of Mora... But if you know what you're doing, then we should give it a shot.

;(Talk to Sidhu, Bandi, or Kudari again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq006 sidhu 01.ogg}} '''Sidhu:''' Half a million... That's a lot of Mora.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq006 bandi 01.ogg}} '''Bandi:''' Do you really think that Ayn Al-Ahmar group can give us reliable info about what we're after?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq006 kudari 01.ogg}} '''Kudari:''' We should discuss things thoroughly before we make any moves.
----
;(Approach the tavern)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is the place we heard those students talking about.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's find a seat somewhere and see if we can spot the group they mentioned.

;(Approach the marked table)
:'''You sit down and wait for some time...'''

:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 eymen 01.ogg}} '''Eymen:''' Oh, you've arrived. Please take a seat.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 tariq 01.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' So they think that they can go toe to toe with the boss? Hah, once we reclaim the power of King Deshret, they'll be the first that the boss punishes.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 tumart 01.ogg}} '''Tumart:''' They're nothing to be afraid of. Our main rival now is [[The Caracal Battalion]]. They've also amassed a significant amount of Mora this time, so we mustn't underestimate them.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 tariq 02.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' How can The Caracal Battalion compete with the boss when they're nothing but a bunch of money-grubbing opportunists out for a quick Mora?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 tumart 02.ogg}} '''Tumart:''' Yeah! With Boss's fervent devotion, he'll be able to use this power to bring our god back this time.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, all these guys talk about is King Deshret, so they're probably the ones we're looking for.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 tariq 03.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Hmph, [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]... That traitor and her followers must not be spared! The day will come when King Deshret exacts vengeance on Sumeru, and all of them shall be punished.
:{{DIcon}} Greater Lord Rukkhadevata? A traitor?
:{{DIcon}} What are they talking about?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon was wondering what they meant, too. We should ask about that if we get the chance later.

;(Talk to Tariq)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 01.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Huh, who are you? What do you want?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a traveler.
::{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 02a.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' A traveler?
::{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, now's probably not the time to talk about that. Didn't the students say Eremites are wary of outsiders?
::{{DIcon}} I'm a student from the Akademiya.
:{{DIcon}} I'm a student from the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 03.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' A student? Heh, what's a student from Sumeru City doing in Port Ormos?
:{{DIcon}} I'm looking for info about a certain... "something."
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 04.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Ahh, well if it's info you want, you've come to the right place. The question is: Can you afford it?
:{{DIcon}} Hand him 50 Mora.
::{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 05a.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Huh? What is this, some kind of joke?
::{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 02a a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 02a b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, sorry! {{MC|He|She}} must have grabbed the wrong amount... Hey, what do you think you're doing!?
::{{DIcon}} Hand him 500,000 Mora.
:{{DIcon}} Hand him 500,000 Mora.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Ooh, Paimon can't stand to see so much Mora go, but there's no other choice right now...)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 06.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Heh heh. Here, this is the merchant's address &mdash; whatever you're looking for, you'll find it there. ...Hmm? Well, what are you waiting for?
:{{DIcon}} I just have... one more question.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right. We heard you mention King Deshret just now. We're actually interested to know more, because... Uh, because we're... ah... archaeology students! Hehe.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 07.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' ...Heh, fine. Since you've already handed over the Mora, I guess I can throw in a little extra info.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 08.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' As you can see, members of Ayn Al-Ahmar are devout believers of King Deshret.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 09.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Years ago, King Deshret founded the great desert nation that was our homeland. It was an advanced civilization, far beyond anything you'll see in present-day Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 10.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' King Deshret was the rightful [[God of Wisdom]], but he was betrayed by a companion he trusted... She even stripped him of his title, "God of Wisdom."
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you mean the traitor was...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 11.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, yes! That shameless wretch destroyed King Deshret's civilization, and our ancestors were forced to flee to this land where we were made to suffer the tyranny of our enemies.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 12.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Furthermore, she conspired with the Akademiya to cover up the truth of her actions and create the merciful and benevolent facade for which she is now known. Ugh, just thinking about it sickens me.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 13.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' But the story doesn't end there, oh no. King Deshret isn't truly dead. The voice of the [[Oracle]] has been heard in the desert, prophesying his resurrection!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 14.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Mark my words, our god shall return. And when that day comes, all followers of the traitor and all the desert dwellers who have forgotten their true god will suffer retribution together.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 15.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' If what I'm saying makes you shiver with fear, it might not be too late for you to become a believer of King Deshret, hahaha.
:{{DIcon}} King Deshret is returning?
:{{DIcon}} Can you tell us more about the Oracle?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 16.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Hmph, I don't have anything to say to you Akademiya people about that. I think this conversation has reached its end.
:{{color|menu|It is at this moment that a stranger comes up to you.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Not just yet. This man is a fraud.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 17.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Ugh, you again! Tch... Deranged Akademiya lunatic!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes, it's me again. I already warned you that if you weren't willing to sit and discuss things with me, I'd take measures to make things... uncomfortable for you.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Listen to me. That address he gave you is fake &mdash; or at least, you won't find a merchant waiting for you there. This group has been boasting all around that they can provide information on a certain "item," as a means of luring people into their territory.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Once you show up, they keep up the act until they have hard evidence that you want to purchase said item, then they use that to squeeze you for all the Mora you're worth.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 18.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Hey! Shut it, [[Alhaitham]]! What are you playing at, trying to ruin our business like this, hmm?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I told you the other day: I wish to discuss my terms with your boss.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 19.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Hah! The boss made it perfectly clear that he won't negotiate with you!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes, and in no uncertain terms. But that was then. It does not preclude him from changing his mind in the future.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 20.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' I'm warning you, don't push us, or this could get ugly! We don't usually get rough with people from the Akademiya because it just complicates things. For a lunatic like you, though, we might just have to make an exception.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If you're suggesting that we escalate this from a verbal exchange to a physical one, I accept. After all, even the archons used war to negotiate the ownership of [[Teyvat]].
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If, on the other hand, we can't agree on any means of negotiation at all, then I'm afraid my next course of action will sting a little more than the mere falling-through of a few business deals.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I will jeopardize the Eremites' reputation, which I know you value above all else.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I am quite confident that if I began to take such action, your boss would willingly approach me himself. However, I fear that by then, some things will have happened that cannot be undone.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Also, a word of advice... I suggest you tell your boss exactly what happened here today. Otherwise, he might blame you for not telling him in the future.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 21.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Wh&mdash;What did you say?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Consider this: Have I ever failed to follow through on my word in the past?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tumart 01.ogg}} '''Tumart:''' This guy is really out of his mind...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 22.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Okay then, if you really have a death wish, let's meet a week from today... The pier in front of the [[Pharos Lighthouse]], four o'clock in the afternoon, sharp. Don't expect us to hold back!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 13a.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Not so fast. First, you return the 500,000 Mora to them.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 tariq 23.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Hmph.
:{{color|menu|The eremite puts down the pouch and leaves.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 eymen 01.ogg}} '''Eymen:''' Please, I beg you, don't provoke them. We can't afford any trouble with this crowd... They haven't even paid for their food yet...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Ah, Mr. [[Eymen]]. There appears to be fewer staff in the restaurant recently. This wouldn't happen to be because they're all busy spreading the word to the students, would it?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 eymen 02.ogg}} '''Eymen:''' I, uh... W&mdash;Well...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Someone who chooses to do business with a group like that really can't afford to get so flustered the instant someone confronts them about it. Consider the meal compensation for our silence &mdash; I'd say you're getting an excellent deal.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, did you see that? He not only got us our Mora back, but sent the Eremites running, too...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Plus, he seems to know a lot about what's going on around here. Let's catch up with him and ask some questions!

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He went that way. After him!

;(Talk to Eymen again)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 6 eymen 03.ogg}} '''Eymen:''' Please, just leave. Forget the cost of the meal... Just uh, pretend nothing happened today.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait up! ...It's "Alhaitham," right?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What do you want?
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for your help back there.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 02a.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No need for thanks. My goal was to get to them, and you two gave me just the opportunity I needed. We're even.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 02a 1.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh, I advise you to keep your distance from them. Since they weren't able to make off with your Mora in the end, they might harass you again in the future.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 02a 2.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' *sigh* Alright, goodbye.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold your horses! We still have something to ask you about.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since you tore through their scam right in front of them, you must know the real story about a... certain something, no?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 02a 3.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Who exactly are you two, and why are you inquiring about that?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a student from the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 02a 4.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' A student? Heh, right. Look, you should know that those thugs conducting "business" with you had nothing to do with your lie.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we can also talk terms?
:{{DIcon}} I know a thing or two about swordplay.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh, yeah! {{MC|He|She}}'s really strong! Weren't you saying something about a "physical exchange"? We can help with that.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 03b.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' {{MC|He|She}} doesn't even have a [[Vision]]. Forget it.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe not, but {{MC|he|she}} can still use elemental energy! Otherwise, there's no way we'd go asking for info from Ayn Al... Al... hmm, from guys like that!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those hot-headed thugs are definitely gonna bring a lot of back-up for your next meeting. Even if you don't go alone, you won't regret taking us with you!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, I accept. Got a pen and paper? If you're searching for someone who sells that kind of merchandise, I'll give you one of their addresses, and you can try your luck.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We'll reconvene at the appointed time by the pier. It doesn't matter if you show up or not.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... So, since you were happy to give us this merchant's information, does that mean you can tell us exactly what we're after?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You were willing to part with 500,000 Mora for something, and you didn't even know what it was?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Okay, well if you truly are as skilled as you claim, then you can beat the answer out of them when they become hostile.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Look, if you've been making inquiries, then you have to know something by now. Tell me what you know so far, so I don't waste time repeating information.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We know it's connected to the Akademiya somehow, and that not only do the Eremites deal in it, but some students wanna get hold of it, too. Umm, what else...
:{{DIcon}} It seems like some kind of knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You know almost everything there is to know, but you're unable to compile this information because you've never seen the object before.
:{{color|menu|Alhaitham shows you a peculiar item briefly before putting it away.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This is what you've been looking for.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon can't tell what it is... It looks like some kind of ornament?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This is a [[Knowledge Capsule]]. To put it simply, it's a vessel that can store a fixed quantity of [[Canned Knowledge]]. It's like a miniature [[Akasha]].
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Anyone who links it to their personal [[Akasha Terminal]] instantly becomes privy to its contents.
:{{DIcon}} Anyone?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Correct, anyone. Unlike the Akasha, which heavily regulates who can access what information, Knowledge Capsules confer their contents without any requisites.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's amazing...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's essentially a convenient and harmless vestibule for knowledge. Unfortunately, it's illegal in Sumeru to privately possess or trade them.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' They were created as a means for scholars to transfer knowledge gained from [[Irminsul]] into the Akasha, and are intended to be destroyed immediately after use.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But despite strict regulations, some of these Knowledge Capsules will always escape destruction. After all, there will always be those in this world who are dissatisfied with life as designed for them by the Akasha, and wish to change their fate.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Over the past century, a wide variety of Canned Knowledge has been leaked from the Akademiya. Now, in Port Ormos, the valuable ones are a means to Mora for the Eremites.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Meanwhile, those which the Eremites deem to be useless to them occasionally prove useful to the common citizens and hapless Akademiya students.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, I think that about sums it up.
:{{DIcon}} I heard that the Akademiya lost something recently.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like it's a Knowledge Capsule?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Ah, so that's your true objective...
:{{DIcon}} I want to learn more about it.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' With our current arrangement, I don't believe I can offer an answer.
:{{DIcon}} What do I have to do?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we can negotiate further.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 8 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' *sigh* You're still resolved... Fine, let's talk somewhere with fewer people.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Let's continue our conversation here. If you wish to learn more about the Knowledge Capsule that the Akademiya lost, then you must help me with something.
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I need you to find someone named [[Dori]], a traveling merchant.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Unlike the peddlers who hawk inferior Knowledge Capsules, she often has quality goods in stock. Some say that as long as there is profit to be made, there is nothing she won't dare to sell.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' She is guarded against people from the Akademiya because most of her wares don't comply with Akademiya regulations.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I think she blacklisted me. I met with her informant, but it soon became clear that they had no intention of letting me get any further.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Become one of Dori's customers and earn her trust. This is my condition for further collaboration.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why do you want us to meet with her?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Until you complete this task, you don't have question privileges.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Fine. So how do we go about doing this?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You two are outlanders who haven't been here for long, so Dori should view you as "safe" clients. I'll give you the informant's address and their contact password.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Beyond the password, though, I have no way of knowing what other tricks she might have up her sleeve. You'll have to improvise.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aah, this is kinda nerve-racking...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The true challenge begins after you meet her. She has a keen nose for Mora and a shrewd eye for wares, and she only likes customers who she deems to have good taste.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'll prepare some funds for you. Buy her highest quality wares and earn her approval.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we only just saw a Knowledge Capsule for the first time! We don't know how to tell which ones are good and which ones are bad. Uh... Is that something we can learn quickly?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hm, that's true... Have you two heard of [[Elemental Sight]]?
:{{DIcon}} I can use it.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh? That's a surprise. Guess I'll have to hold you in higher regard. Anyway, that ability should resolve your issue.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Here are two Knowledge Capsules. Tell me, can you detect any difference in their quality?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... They look the same to Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Try inspecting them with Elemental Sight.
:;(The Traveler uses Elemental Sight)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How'd it go? Did ya see anything?
:{{DIcon}} They both glow green.
:{{DIcon}} The one on the left shines brighter.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Rumor has it that higher-quality Knowledge Capsules generally appear brighter when viewed through Elemental Sight.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's because knowledge originates from Irminsul, the root of Dendro power itself. The more powerful the knowledge, the richer it is in Dendro energy.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' However, some Canned Knowledge with a high concentration of Elemental Energy is of little use in contemporary times, so those capsules are of little value.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Using Elemental Sight is merely a stop-gap measure, but it should suffice for earning Dori's trust.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds pretty impressive...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Here's a sheet with the informant's location and contact password, and here is the Mora for purchasing Canned Knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Don't be cheap. You'll need to spend to catch Dori's eye. If there's any Mora left over, just keep it.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh, and be sure to exercise some caution. There have been [[matra]] present in Port Ormos lately. Your efforts will be for naught if they catch you.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Matra?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' They belong to the Akademiya's regulatory body. They also handle cases of illegal Canned Knowledge transactions. Like I said, the Akademiya has banned both their trade and possession.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The matra are razor-sharp &mdash; you're in for nothing good if they lock their sights onto you. If you two want to back out, now's the time.
:{{DIcon}} I'm willing to take that risk.
:{{DIcon}} I'll help you find Dori.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 9 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Okay, then we have a deal. If you succeed in your dealings with Dori, come find me at the [[Wikala Funduq]]. We'll have an open discussion then.
:;(Obtain [[Bag of Transaction Funds]] and [[Informant Code Chart]])

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looking at what Alhaitham wrote, Dori's informant is a trader near Old Ormos.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's follow these instructions and try to get in contact with him.
----
;(Talk to Latish)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 11 latish 01.ogg}} '''Latish:''' Hello, what are you two looking to buy?
:{{DIcon}} We want to buy some raw Harra Fruits.
::{{A|vo xmaq006 11 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, are you sure you're remembering that right? Paimon doesn't think it was that on the paper.
::{{DIcon}} We want to buy some unripe Harra Fruits.
:{{DIcon}} We want to buy some unripe Harra Fruits.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 11 latish 02b.ogg}} '''Latish:''' Heh, what a unique palate. We have unripe Harra Fruits, but we usually keep them in the back. I'll have someone escort you.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Following the paper got us past the first round!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 11 latish 03a.ogg}} '''Latish:''' [[Raunak]], these two want to buy unripe Harra Fruits. Show them to the warehouse.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 11 raunak 01.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Got it. You two, please follow me.

;(Talk to Latish again)
:'''Latish:''' (Latish smiled and winked at you to keep up with Raunak.)

;(While following Raunak)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 12 raunak 01.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' You two have a fascinating fashion sense. We haven't seen a customer wearing a Sumeru Rose for quite some time.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on, lemme think... "Sumeru Rose" means... common merch.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, look again. We're obviously wearing Mourning Flowers.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 12 raunak 02.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Ah, my mistake. I do apologize.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... That pop quiz sure was scary!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 12 raunak 03.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' The warehouse is up ahead. Please follow me.

;(Approach Raunak)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 01.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Before I retrieve your products, I need to confirm a few things.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 02.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Please forgive me, but we may not have sufficient stock for you today. Earlier, many of our Harra Fruits were taken by mice.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry to hear that...
::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on, that's not right. "Taken by mice" means they sold out.
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations to you.
::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 03b.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Heh, thanks. If better goods come in, you'll be the first to know.
::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 04.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' You look like you have some skill. Why don't I pick out some fruits that'll make you dizzy?
::{{DIcon}} Dizziness with a side of tinnitus, please.
:::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that's the right answer! ...But eating Harra Fruit that makes your head and ears ring sounds like a bad life decision...
:::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 05.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Would you like your Harra Fruits to be packaged in the Sumeru City or Port Ormos style?
:::{{DIcon}} Sumeru City style.
::::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 06a.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' I'm guessing that you're going for a more traditional packaging since this is your first time here.
::::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a sec, "Sumeru City style" means we're only buying a few things. He won't take us to see Dori if we do that!
:::{{DIcon}} Port Ormos style.
::::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 06b.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Wow, you two sure are generous customers. We'll be sure to package your products beautifully.
::{{DIcon}} I'd prefer something that causes heatstroke.
:::{{A|vo xmaq006 13 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, that's not it. The paper said that "heatstroke" is the answer to "erudition." Ugh... Eating something that causes heatstroke sounds horrifying...

;(If trust was not increased sufficiently)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 07.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' I'm sorry, but as things currently stand, we won't be able to fulfill your order. Why don't you two think things over?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's cautious of us. Let's take a closer look at the paper that Alhaitham gave us.

;(If trust was increased sufficiently)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 13 raunak 08.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' Okay, everything has been confirmed. Miss Dori is waiting for you up a&mdash; Shoot, it's the matra! Run!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What, the matra!? Where? Alhaitham said we're done for if they catch us &mdash; we gotta get outta here!

;(After dialogue ends)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We don't know this area, so let's follow that informant!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He ran that way!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, he's over there!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 14 dori 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey! If you're hiding from the Rishboland Tiger, come this way!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another password! Oh, that voice came from behind the building on the right!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Here, over here! You can stop running now.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you were the one who was calling out to us just now. But uh, are we definitely gonna be safe here?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 raunak 01.ogg}} '''Raunak:''' These two good customers wish to buy some Harra Fruit, Miss Dori, and if there's nothing else, I'll just excuse myself.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Oh, very good. Thank you!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, wait... You're Dori? Paimon sure thought you'd look a whole lot scarier...
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Hey, whaddya trying to say, Princess Peabrain!? I can be scary enough when I need to be, believe you me! If you don't watch what you say, then you can forget about doing any business.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But it seems you two have actually done pretty well so far... Not only did you manage to find the informant, your reactions were also pretty sharp. You don't really look like criminals or anything, but I bet my Mora that you've been involved in some shady dealings, haven't you?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon's not sure if that's supposed to be a compliment, but we'll take it.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I can't risk doing business with people who start huffing and puffing after just a few paces &mdash; no matter how much Mora they might have. Not only will they get caught by the matra, but they'll also get us into trouble. As decent folks trying to run an honest business, we don't need any of that. Wouldn't you agree?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' So that's why I prefer to have customers like you.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' It's your first time here, but don't worry, I won't ask too many questions. Even if you wish to buy enough Knowledge Capsules to decorate your house with, please &mdash; knock yourself out!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 08.ogg}} '''Dori:''' As long as you have lots of round, shiny Mora, then we're all good.
:{{DIcon}} Can you show us your products?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 09.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ah yes, of course, of course! Go ahead, help yourselves &mdash; voila!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Wow, she has a trove of Canned Knowledge! Whew... she'd probably be in serious trouble if the matra caught her with all this.)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 10.ogg}} '''Dori:''' What kind of products do you seek, my dear customers? Don't worry, I'm not interested in your reasons for buying &mdash; I can, however, offer some suggestions.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 11.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Take this one, for example... "An Analysis of the Sociological Ideology and Dialectics of the Hilichurls." Only three people in all of Teyvat have ever studied it, making it extremely rare! It's on sale now for 350,000 Mora!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Yeesh... Who would wanna be an expert in that topic?)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 12.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Or how about "The Architectural Styles and Construction Methods of Teyvat in the Early Archon War Period"?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 13.ogg}} '''Dori:''' With this one, you can become an expert in historic architecture preservation and find an excellent, well-paying job in nearly any nation!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Now this sounds like it could be useful...)
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 14.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Two million Mora and it's yours. No discounts.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! That's a lot of Mora!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 15.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Of course, you are free to pick whatever your hearts desire. The contents and price of each Knowledge Capsule are indicated in small text on the body of each one, down at the bottom.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (All right, let's try the method that Alhaitham mentioned.)
:;(The Traveler uses Elemental Sight and sees three Knowledge Capsules that glow brighter)
:{{DIcon}} I'll take this one.
::{{DIcon}} And this one.
:::{{DIcon}} As well as this one.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 16.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ahhh... You've really got a good head on your shoulders... and quite the eye for quality.

:'''You pick and choose a variety of Canned Knowledge...'''

:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll take these, please and thank you!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 17.ogg}} '''Dori:''' My, oh my, you are blessed with a taste for both the exquisite and the extravagant... Customers like you are a rare breed &mdash; one in a hundred... No, one in a thousand, even!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 18.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Listen, I have a special offer for you two. If you spend just 100,000 Mora more, you can pick any Knowledge Capsule of your choice up to a value of one million Mora!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Say what now?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, did you hear that!? Spend another 100k and we get a capsule worth a whole million!
:{{DIcon}} Calm down, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Don't let her trick you into spending more.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But all the Canned Knowledge we just bought is easily worth half a million Mora. If we spend just a little more, we can get something worth one million Mora. Isn't that a fantastic deal?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Think about it, we've gone to all this trouble to get this Canned Knowledge, and so far everything we've bought belongs to Alhaitham.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't you even the least bit curious about how this whole Canned Knowledge thing works? We're talking instant knowledge here! Don't you wanna try it yourself?
:{{DIcon}} I think you're the one who's curious.
:{{DIcon}} You just want to see me try it.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, c'mon! We still have around 100,000 of Alhaitham's Mora left, so let's put it to good use by finding something useful for you. You've got a deal, Dori! We'd like to spend an extra 100,000 Mora.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 19.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Excellent, then please select from this fine collection of Canned Knowledge over here.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, hold on a second. Paimon thought we could choose whatever we wanted? Why can't we choose the ones from over there?
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 20.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Oh, but my dear customer, the Knowledge Capsules over here are worth one million Mora each. I'm sure discerning customers like yourselves will be able to find something to your liking. Please, take your time.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, Paimon has a bad feeling about this... Let's use Elemental Sight again to check these.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, I'll have a look.
:;(The Traveler uses Elemental Sight)
::{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 18a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what did you see?
::{{DIcon}} They all seem to be equally bright.
::{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 18a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they're all worth about the same amount?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we should just pass this time...
::{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 18b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why?
::{{DIcon}} Let's just say for our mental health.
::{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 18b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, we're getting a capsule worth a million Mora here. Don't be such a party pooper!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, anyway, the Mora's already been spent, so let's at least try to find something useful.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon take a look here... "An Introduction to Traditional Sumeru Brewing Techniques," "The Art of Growing Spices," "An Overview of Ancient Runes"... Oh! How about this one? "Swordfighting Techniques VIII"!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not sure where we'd ever find volumes one through seven, but at least this knowledge should be useful, right? Let's go with this one!
:{{DIcon}} Fine by me.
:{{DIcon}} Whatever makes Paimon happy.
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dori, we'll take this one!
:{{A|vo xmaq006 15 dori 21.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Alright, very good! I'm expecting some new goods in the next couple of days, so be sure to check back again soon! Whether it's Canned Knowledge or anything else you need &mdash; bring your Mora to Dori, and doors will open!
:;(Obtain [[Canned Knowledge "Swordfighting Techniques VIII"]] and [[Package of Canned Knowledge]])

;(Talk to Dori again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq007 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Hee-hee-hee, Mora, Mora, shiny Mora... Hee-hee-hee...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq007 dori 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' ...Oh! Uh, please come back any time you need something!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lost in Prosperity
|zhs     = 失物匿于繁华
|zhs_rm  = Shīwù Nì Yú Fánhuá
|zht     = 失物匿於繁華
|zht_rm  = Shīwù Nì Yú Fánhuá
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 繁華に隠されし失物
|ja_rm   = Hanka ni Kakusareshi Shitsumono
|ja_tl   = Things Hidden Behind Prosperity
|ko      = 화려함 속에서 사라진 물건
|ko_rm   = Hwaryeoham Sok-eseo Sarajin Mulgeon
|ko_tl   = Things that Disappeared in Splendor
|es      = Extravío en la abundancia
|es_tl   = Lost in Abundance
|fr      = Perdu dans l'abondance
|fr_tl   = Lost in Abundance
|ru      = Потерянное в изобилии
|ru_tl   = Lost in Abundance
|th      = สิ่งสูญหายที่ซ่อนเร้นในความรุ่งโรจน์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm Vật Nơi Phồn Hoa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verloren und im Tumult verborgen
|de_tl   = Lost and Hidden in Turmoil
|id      = Barang yang Hilang
|id_tl   = The Lost Items
|pt      = Perdido na Prosperidade
|pt_tl   = Lost in the Prosperity
|tr      = Refah İçinde Kaybolmak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Perduti nella prosperità
|it_tl   = Lost in Prosperity
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 3]]

[[es:Extravío en la abundancia]]