{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04018
|image         = Archon Quest Lost in Deep Seas.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = To the Stars Shining in the Depths
|actNum        = III
|part          = 4
|characters    = Alexis; Fielding; Leonide; Paimon; Poirier; Traveler; Vidoc; Tartaglia <!-- visions -->
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = Administrative Area
|prev          = The Proscribed, Hidden in Plain Sight
|next          = Into the Deepwater Murk
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*875;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Lost in Deep Seas|chapter=4|act=3|part=4}}

==Steps==
# Get up and talk to Paimon
# Continue asking around for clues
# Return and investigate again
# Ask the trio that hangs out together often (0/3)
# Ask the guard at the dormitories
# Return to the dormitories and rest until night
# Go to where the rumored pipes are
# Enter the pipe
# Return to the dormitories

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've been looking into the Fortress' "hidden rules" and seem to have obtained many leads on Childe. You are certain this trip will not be in vain.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Continue from the previous quest)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so we've investigated two of the "hidden rules." Paimon didn't think this prison would have... so many weird things going on.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd better pick up the pace with our investigation. Otherwise, we'll never get anywhere.
:{{DIcon}} Let's spend some coupons to skip our shifts so we can go investigate.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's skip work for now and put our time to good use!

;(Talk to Fielding, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq104 fielding 01.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' Using coupons to skip work doesn't bring freedom, but only pulls you closer to the abyss of degeneracy... That's what an old guard here used to say, you'd do well to remember it.

;(Approach Vidoc)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, isn't that Vidoc over there? Huh, is it just Paimon, or are there fewer people than usual here today?

;(Talk to Vidoc)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 01.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Oho, seeing you at this time must mean you've already saved up a lot of Credit Coupons. Or at least enough to skip work... Heh, seems you're getting into the swing of things around here.
:{{DIcon}} We're getting by.
:{{DIcon}} My goal is to become the next Duke!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 02.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Impressive... Very impressive...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, now can you tell us about the hidden rules you know?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 03.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Ah, if that's what you what to know, I guess you couldn't have come at a better time.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what do you mean it's a good time?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 04.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Leonide and those other pesky broke urchins have all gone to work in the production zone. I wouldn't want them listening in without paying up.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We get it, just tell us already!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 05.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' So, you know those pipes that make strange sounds? Don't ever, ever go near them at night. Even if you manage to avoid the guards, you might find something even more terrible there...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something even more terrible? Like what?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 06.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' A group of cannibals.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cannibals!? In the Fortress of Meropide!?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 07.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Every month, they meet a few times in the dead of night. Rumor has it that they might be connected to the people that've disappeared here.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 08.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' But what's even scarier is that they have a "special" proclivity...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 09.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Since they have no way to dispose of the leftover remains, they have ways to transform them into other forms and keep them in the Fortress forever.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon might already know what you mean by "other forms"... So that's what's going on here. Ugh, Paimon's stomach doesn't feel so good...
:{{DIcon}} Is that really true?
:{{DIcon}} There's still a chance that what we saw isn't connected to cannibals.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 10.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Hehe, you two look pretty skeptical. No matter, learning the truth behind dark secrets isn't necessarily a good thing.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 vidoc 11.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' I've got things to do too. I suggest you just act like I never told you anything.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, can we just trust him on this one? Oh, Paimon doesn't want her blood and flesh entombed here for all eternity...
:{{DIcon}} Even if it's true...
:{{DIcon}} Do you really think cannibals could take me in a fight?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... So that's how you see the situation... Huh. Y'know, Paimon does feel a little better about it now.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, then just like before...
:{{DIcon}} Let's get ready to investigate another hidden rule.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* When will all the secrets end?
:{{Black Screen|Brimming with curiosity, you and Paimon eat lunch and head out to investigate this new "hidden rule"...}}

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, Vidoc isn't here, but the guys who went to work in the morning are back. Let's go ask them.

;(Talk to Alexis)<!--all three have the same talk again lines-->
:{{A|vo fdaq104 4 alexis 01.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' What!? What are you saying!? You shouldn't go around saying stuff like that.

;(Talk to Leonide)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 4 leonide 01.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' ...What are you talking about? Listen, you should keep your nose out of other people's business.

;(Talk to Poirier)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 4 poirier 01.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 4 poirier 02.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' Just stay away from me.

;(After talking to all three)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Their attitude sure is suspicious, like they're trying to avoid us...
:{{DIcon}} It's pretty obvious that they're hiding something...
:{{DIcon}} Could they be connected to the cannibals?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if they're being so obvious about acting weirdly, do you think they might just be trying to lure us in?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is all getting way too creepy for Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} Let's approach it from a different angle.
:{{DIcon}} We'll probably never get anything out of these guys.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you mean we still need to investigate some more? Okay... If you say so...
----
;(Talk to Fielding)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, Fielding.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 fielding 01.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' Whaddaya want? Criminals like you oughta be working right now, catch my drift?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just want to ask you a simple question...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you ever discovered anything odd during your nighttime patrols?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 fielding 02.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' Why're you asking about something like that? Whatever happens at night isn't your concern. All you need to worry about is getting enough sleep.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Well...
:{{DIcon}} You see, sometimes...
:{{DIcon}} We hear strange noises at night.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' R&mdash;Right, we've heard it happens a few times every month. Paimon has sensitive ears, so it makes it hard to sleep!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 fielding 03.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' Really? I see... but it's not like I'm on duty every night.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 fielding 04.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' Now that you mention it, I recall my colleagues talking about something like that before. They say that strange things tend to happen at night on pipe-cleaning days. Lots of us don't willingly take those shifts.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what happens at night on pipe-cleaning days?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 fielding 05.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' They just conduct regular cleaning of the Fortress' drainage facilities.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 fielding 06.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' There are three pipe-cleaning days per month... And it just so happens that today is one of the scheduled days. You can try to confirm the sounds tonight if you want, and if they're real, then I can report the issue to my superiors for you.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay. Then we'll keep both ears out tonight!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 fielding 07.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' If that's all, then I'll be leaving now. I'd advise you not to try anything funny, though. Even if I'm not on duty tonight, someone will still be watching you.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we don't want any time added to our sentences!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He left... So, what do you think about the pipe-cleaning days he mentioned?
:{{DIcon}} Those might be the days when the cannibals are active.
:{{DIcon}} But it might also be nothing, just the pipes being cleaned.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, both are a possibility. But Fielding did say that tonight is a cleaning night...
:{{DIcon}} No reason not to find out the truth for ourselves.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knew you would say that. Alright, sounds like we'll be up all night tonight then... Paimon just hopes the guards don't catch us.

;(Return to the dormitory and wait)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn* Paimon's so tired... But we can't sleep yet. They'll be cleaning the pipes tonight, so it's the perfect chance for us to investigate...
:{{DIcon}} We just need to wait until everyone else has fallen asleep...
:{{DIcon}} If we miss our chance tonight, it'll be a while before we get another opportunity.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whatever, just be sure to wake Paimon if she dozes off... Paimon's worried something might happen if you go alone...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? {{Traveler}}? Did you fall asleep already!?
;(Cinematic begins)
::{{Color|menu|You fall into a deep sleep, and Childe's Vision begins to glow once more, allowing you to again glimpse his memories.<br>Childe avoids the guards as he travels to the pipes from the dormitories.<br>Leonide and the others are already waiting, and they are concerned about what Childe is doing.}}
::{{Black Screen|"Something is calling me, I have to go."}}
::{{Color|menu|Soon after, Childe enters the pipes, and disappears from view.}}
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}! C'mon, wake up!
:{{DIcon}} I...
:{{DIcon}} I saw Childe in my dream again.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! It looked like you were just peacefully sleeping to Paimon... Well, what did you see this time?
:{{DIcon}} Investigating the pipes tonight is the right call.
:{{DIcon}} Childe escaped via the pipes.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? So we're finally starting to figure out what actually happened... But what about the cannibals? How do you explain them?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure we'll find out soon enough.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... Well, it's about time for us to get moving. Just be careful to avoid the patrolling guards.
----
;(During the stealth section)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shhh, careful! We'll get in trouble if the guards catch us.

;(If the player heads in the wrong direction)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, not this way! We need to get to that pipe, remember?

;(If the player is spotted)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh! They spotted us!

;(Approach the pipe)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, this should be the place.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 01.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' I know you... You were the ones we saw...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 01.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' Hmph, you've got guts showing up here. You know who we are, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 01.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' You'd better leave now, ain't nobody coming here to save you!
:{{DIcon}} Enough with the theatrics...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 02.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' What you say!?
:{{DIcon}} All those rumors about cannibals and hidden rules...
:{{DIcon}} Were started by you, weren't they?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 03.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' Yeah, so what if they were? If you push us, we can make those rumors a reality at any time!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! What's the point of all those rumors anyway? What exactly are you trying to do?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 02.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' I don't have to tell you anything. If you turn around, go back to the dormitories, and act like you never saw anything, then I'll pretend that you never showed up here!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 02.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' Yeah, scram. Nothing worth seeing here...
:{{DIcon}} "There's something calling me..."
:{{DIcon}} "I have to go."
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 03.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' Huh...? What did you say?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 04.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' Isn't that exactly what boss said when he left?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 03.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' Hey, do you know our boss?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, "Childe" Tartaglia?
:{{DIcon}} One of Snezhnaya's Fatui Harbingers.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 04.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' Whoa, we had no idea our boss was such a big deal... he always kept his identity a secret.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 05.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' So, did he have you come here to find us?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you're Childe's crew here? Seems like he had no problem fitting in...
:{{DIcon}} I'm a friend of his.
:{{DIcon}} We came here to learn what happened to him.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 05.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' We're the only ones who heard him say those words when he left that night... So unless he somehow told you those exact same words after that...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 06.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' Hmm... Alright, I guess that's proof enough for me. I believe you.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, those dreams of yours sure come in handy.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 06.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' We gave him the business for a while and would always give him a hard time when he first came to the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 07.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' But here in the Fortress, the strong will always earn respect.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 08.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' He was working the longest hours and racking up wins in the Pankration Ring...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 09.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' You could always see how amazing he was, even when he was teaching us a lesson...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 10.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' So eventually, we all decided to follow him.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 07.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' But one day, he suddenly told us that he had to find a way to escape this place, no matter the cost. He said it was because he heard that call again...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 08.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' And as his crew, if the boss wants something, then it's our job to get it done.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 09.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' So... We got to work and used the "hidden rules" that were here to make up and spread the rumor about the "cannibal rule"...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 10.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' We just wanted to give him a better chance of escaping on a night after the pipes had been cleaned.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Thanks to your rumor, nobody would want to come anywhere near here, prisoner or guard! Wow, it sure is easy to exploit people's fear of the unknown.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But hasn't Childe already escaped? Why are you all still coming here after pipe-cleaning day?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 04.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' Because as far as we know, the pipe he went into isn't actually an exit... It should be a dead end.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 05.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' It leads to an abandoned factory area, and even if there were a way to escape from there into the sea, we're still way too deep. No-one could ever reach the surface alive.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 06.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' But Boss still insisted on going in, it was like he was obsessed about it.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 07.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' So we told him that we'd pretend as if he never existed while he was gone.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 poirier 08.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' And that if he wanted to come back, he should wait for nighttime on a pipe-cleaning day. That way, we could meet him here and help cover the whole thing up.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you come and wait here through the night a few times a month just because of that promise?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 11.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' Yeah, but it's been so long now, we already know in our hearts that he must have managed to escape somehow.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Is it also possible that something... unfortunate happened to him?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 alexis 11.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' Nothing could ever defeat Boss or slow him down. That's one thing we know for sure!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, okay... Paimon was just brainstorming possibilities...
:{{DIcon}} Can you take us there...?
:{{DIcon}} We want to go to the spot where he left.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 8 leonide 12.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' Alright, keep quiet and follow us.

;(Approach the entrance)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 poirier 01.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' The way up from here has been sealed off. It's impossible to get through.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 poirier 02.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' Boss left by going down from here. It wasn't full of water at the time...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 poirier 03.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' Later, we came back hoping to have a look. That's when we found out it had been completely flooded.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 poirier 04.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' It's impossible to navigate unless you're an extremely skilled diver.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think Childe got trapped by the water?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 leonide 01.ogg}} '''Leonide:''' Not likely, we all know that boss was an incredible swimmer.
:{{DIcon}} I know a good diver.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 alexis 01.ogg}} '''Alexis:''' Really? Then have him come investigate, pronto! Just be sure to tell us if you get any news about Boss.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 poirier 05.ogg}} '''Poirier:''' It's getting late. We should leave before the guards come this way.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we learned a lot about what happened to Childe here. Let's get going.
:;(The player is teleported to the dormitories)
----
;(Sleep)
:{{A|vo fdaq104 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... We finally learned some key information. Seems all of our investigative work has finally started to pay off!
:{{A|vo fdaq104 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you said you knew a diver, you were talking about Freminet, right? If we ask Lyney, he'll definitely have Freminet help us.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh! Why is Childe like this... What was he doing going into the pipes? Not making our jobs easier, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fortunately, though, it seems like it's only a matter of time now before we find out what really happened.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that we can finally relax, Paimon's starting to feel super sleepy. Let's try to get some rest while we still can. Nighty-night, {{Traveler}}.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo fdaq104 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? We already used up all our coupons?
:{{A|vo fdaq104 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, fine... Paimon secretly stashed some coupons away to buy some souvenirs and stuff, but it sounds like we really need them now.
:{{A|vo fdaq104 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon's been working too, you know! Paimon just doesn't earn much, that's all...
:{{A|vo fdaq104 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's use these coupons to get out of work so we have time to investigate!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lost in Deep Seas
|zhs     = 深海的迷路者
|zhs_rm  = Shēnhǎi de Mílù-zhě
|zht     = 深海的迷路者
|zht_rm  = Shēnhǎi de Mílù-zhě
|zh_tl   = The One Lost in the Deep Seas
|ja      = 深海の迷い子
|ja_rm   = Shinkai no Mayoigo
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 심해에서 길을 잃은 자
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Extraviado en las profundidades marinas
|es_tl   = Lost in the Deep Seas
|fr      = Dans les profondeurs de la mer
|fr_tl   = In the Depths of the Sea
|ru      = Затерянный в море
|ru_tl   = Lost in the Sea
|th      = ผู้หลงทางกลางทะเลลึก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kẻ Lạc Lối Dưới Biển Sâu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verloren in den Tiefen des Meeres
|de_tl   = Lost in the Depths of the Sea
|id      = Hilang di Laut Dalam
|id_tl   = Lost in Deep Seas
|pt      = Perdido Nas Profundezas do Oceano
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Derin Denizlerde Kaybolanlar
|tr_tl   = The Lost Ones in the Deep Seas
|it      = Perduto tra gli abissi marini
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[es:Extraviado en las profundidades marinas]]