{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70107
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|summary       = [[Iris]] warns the Traveler about the [[Sheer Cold|sheer cold]] effect of Dragonspine.
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|characters    = Iris; Traveler
}}

'''Low-Temperature Warning''' is a [[world quest]] in [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]. The quest is triggered upon venturing near or into the region.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Iris]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Iris has a warning for you regarding [[Dragonspine]]'s low temperatures...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Iris in the adventurer camp)
:'''Iris:''' Excuse me? Did you want something?
:{{DIcon}} It's so cold here...
:'''Iris:''' Cold is the norm when you're up a mountain like this one.
:'''Iris:''' You look like a Traveler. So, are you planning on scaling the mountain?
:{{DIcon}} Just to have a look.
:'''Iris:''' Fair enough. I'm not going to try and stop you... I've met my fair share of travelers and whatever you say, there's no dissuading of them.
:'''Iris:''' All I will say, if you're serious about this, is to keep an eye on your {{Color|buzzword|body temperature}} at all times.
:'''Iris:''' If your temperature drops too low, not only will it slow you down, but you can also injure yourself. And if you're lucky enough to get attacked by a monster in that state... Well, that's the last situation you'd want to find yourself in.
:'''Iris:''' So, if your temperature drops dangerously low, get yourself to a {{Color|buzzword|source of heat}} and warm back up while you plan your next move.
:'''Iris:''' In short, and I know you've probably heard this plenty of times, but it's true: This is, by far, the most dangerous place in all of Mondstadt. When you're climbing a mountain, you must always plan your movements carefully.
:'''Iris:''' I've seen more than a few adventurers lose their lives because they didn't think before they acted...
:'''Iris:''' Alright I won't lecture you any longer, just be sure to prepare yourself before you set out.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Low-Temperature Warning
|zhs     = 低温预警
|zhs_rm  = Dīwēn Yùjǐng
|zht     = 低溫預警
|zht_rm  = Dīwēn Yùjǐng
|zh_tl   = Low-Temperature Warning
|ja      = 低温注意
|ja_rm   = Teion Chuui
|ja_tl   = Low-Temperature Notice
|ko      = 저온 주의보
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Aviso: bajas temperaturas
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Attention, c'est froid !
|fr_tl   = Watch Out, It's Cold!
|ru      = Здесь очень холодно!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คำเตือนอุณหภูมิต่ำ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cảnh Báo Lạnh Giá
|vi_tl   = Cold Warning
|de      = Kältewarnung
|de_tl   = Cold Warning
|id      = Peringatan Suhu Rendah
|id_tl   = Low-Temperature Warning
|pt      = Aviso de Temperaturas Baixas
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:Aviso: bajas temperaturas]]