{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11003
|image         = Story Quest Lucky Find.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trulla Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip
|character     = Xiangling
|startLocation = [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|prev          = Secret Ingredient
|next          = Present From the Past
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*125;Mora*4,650;Adventurer's Experience*2;Fine Enhancement Ore*5
|characters    = Olaf;Paimon;Traveler;Xiangling
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Lucky Find''' is the fourth part of {{Quest|Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the place Xiangling mentioned
# Talk to Xiangling and the shivering man
# Make a [[Radish Veggie Soup|Delicious Radish Veggie Soup]] (0/1)
#* Opponents at the [[hilichurl]] camp if fought; {{Enemy List|Anemo Samachurl;Hilichurl Fighter;Hilichurl Shooter;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter;Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard}}
# Give the hunter the soup you prepared

==Gameplay Notes==
* The Radish Veggie Soup does not have to obtained from the hilichurl camp; the player can cook the soup elsewhere, or simply have one prepared beforehand.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Xiangling believes that [[Lotus Head]]s and [[Jueyun Chili]]es alone will not let her prevail in the cook-off, and sets off to find more ingredients.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the place Xiangling mentioned)
:{{A|vo xllq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's that!?
:{{A|vo xllq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Somebody's injured!

:;(Talk to Xiangling and the shivering man)
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 olaf 01.ogg}} '''[[Olaf]]:''' Brr... So, so c&mdash;cold...
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' He's shivering! We need to warm him up, quick!
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Make a fire!
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hot soup would be even better.
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' {{Traveler}}, how about I look after him while you make him a {{Color|buzzword|nice warm bowl of soup}}?
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' We passed a hilichurl camp on the way here. There'll almost certainly be a campfire there to cook on.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Great. Be as quick as you can!

;(Talk to Xiangling, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq004 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' We passed a hilichurl camp on the way here. There'll almost certainly be a campfire there to cook on.
:{{A|vo dialog xllq004 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I'll stay here and look after him while you go and make him a nice warm bowl of soup.

;(Talk to Olaf, optional)
:{{A|vo xllq004 2 olaf 02.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' So cold... S&mdash;so c&mdash;cold in there...

----

;(Give the hunter the soup you prepared)
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 olaf 01.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Mmm... That is better... That is better...
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 olaf 02.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Thank you. That soup really did the trick.
:{{DIcon}} What happened, did you get frozen?
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 olaf 03.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Yes. I was chasing a boar, and after chasing him all this way he slipped into those underground ruins over there.
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 olaf 04b.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' I followed him inside, but ran into a [[Cryo Regisvine]].
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 olaf 05.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' It froze me instantly. When I woke up I ran straight outside, but... I only made it this far before my strength failed me.
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 xiangling 01b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Cryo Regisvine? Vines... attack people?
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 olaf 06b.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' They do now! I'd heard of them before from others, but this was the first time seeing one with my own eyes.
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes, we should definitely keep our distance from the ruins... It sounds dangerous.
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It sounds delicious!
:{{DIcon}} ...Seriously?
:{{DIcon}} Does anything NOT make you think about food?
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' That's it! The missing ingredient! The icing on the cake!
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Calm down. Can we really eat a tree that's that aggressive?
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 xiangling 04b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Only one way to find out &mdash; let's go!
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Off she goes again...
:{{DIcon}} We need to go.
:{{DIcon}} You should get back to [[Springvale]].
:{{A|vo xllq004 4 olaf 07.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Do not worry about me, I'll be fine. But you must stop her, she is putting herself in grave danger.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Lucky Find
|zhs     = 意外的收获
|zhs_rm  = Yìwài de Shōuhuò
|zht     = 意外的收穫
|zht_rm  = Yìwài de Shōuhuò
|zh_tl   = Unexpected Gain
|ja      = 意外の収穫
|ja_rm   = Igai no Shuukaku
|ja_tl   = Unexpected Harvest
|ko      = 뜻밖의 수확
|ko_tl   = Unexpected Harvest
|es      = Ganancia inesperada
|es_tl   = Unexpected Gain
|fr      = Récolte inattendue
|fr_tl   = Unexpected Harvest
|ru      = Приятный сюрприз
|ru_tl   = Pleasant Surprise
|th      = การเก็บเกี่ยวที่คาดไม่ถึง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thu Hoạch Bất Ngờ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unerwarteter Erfolg
|de_tl   = Unexpected Success
|id      = Perolehan tak Terduga
|id_tl   = Unexpected Find
|pt      = Ganho Inesperado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Büyük İkramiye
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una scoperta fortunata
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Ganancia inesperada]]
[[ja:意外の収穫]]