{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Lunja.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|title            = Farrokhdokht
}}
'''Lunja''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Starry Night Chapter}}.

Lunja and some of her men are mentioned in the [[Farrokhzadan Journal]]s and [[Farrokhzadan Note]], sets of interactables found in [[Sumeru]].

==Profile==
Lunja is a member of the [[Farrokhzadan]], a subgroup of [[The Eremites]] presumably descended from the legendary Agha Farrokh.<ref>Interactable: [[Farrokhzadan Journal#Farrokhzadan Journal (III)|Farrokhzadan Journal (III)]]</ref>

After successfully completing a commission by the [[Fatui]] to kill a traitor, the Fatui paid them handsomely for the task. However, Lunja promptly spent all of it on [[Genius Invokation TCG]] and was cheated out of the money, leaving her group broke. Fortunately, the Fatui returned to her with another commission, to capture the [[Aranara]] and also acquire a [[Zohrah Mushroom]].

One of the Aranara, [[Aranakin]], was trailing Lunja's group, knowing that the "bad sand grains" were up to no good. Due to the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] having had some affinity with the Aranara, Aranakin asked them to help them fix the forest by acquiring the Zohrah Mushroom. The Traveler would run into Lunja and her group outside a [[The Withering|Withering Zone]] which the mushroom was holding at bay. Knowing they were quite strong, Lunja had [[Anqa]] and [[Isan]] follow and eliminate them; however, they were injured and forced to retreat. By the time the Traveler returned to pick the mushroom, Lunja and her men had taken it, but the Traveler quickly followed them out and confronted them.

If the Traveler chose to negotiate, Lunja reluctantly gives up the mushroom in return for a payment of 550,000 [[Mora]] in the future, although she warns them to sleep with an eye open. If the Traveler chooses not to negotiate, Lunja and her men attack, only to be driven off in the ensuing scuffle.

In [[Desert of Hadramaveth]], Lunja and her group seem to have less luck or fortune. Records from [[Farrokhzadan Note]] mention they had their business opportunity being stolen by [[Azariq]] of the [[Tanit]] tribe. They also encounter some Fatui and lost their trained Eremite-hound to them, with implications that the dog gets closer to one of the Fatui and chooses to ignore Lunja's signal to go back to them. They also find many stone slates from ruins in Hadramaveth and plan to sell them to the Akademiya for Mora. However, after a party where all members of the group got drunk, the stone slates have become shattered fragments upon the floor and they try their best to fix and patch them up. 

===Appearance===
Lunja takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Axe Vanguard]] with darker skin tone.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*While introducing herself as a Farrokhzadan in ''Starry Night Chapter'', Lunja says "technically, I'm a Farrokhdokht." ''Farrokhdokht'' means "daughter of Farrokh" and is a compound name comprised of the surname ''Farrokh'' and the word ''dokht'' (a shortened form of the Farsi word {{lang|mini=1|fa=دختر|fa_rm=dokhtar|fa_tl=daughter}}).
*The name Lunja is of Algerian berber origin which means Storyteller, It might also be based on the main character of the Algerian novel Lunja and the Ogre by Zohour Wanese.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Lunja
|zhs     = 卢妮雅
|zhs_rm  = Lúnīyǎ
|zht     = 盧妮雅
|zht_rm  = Lúníyǎ
|ja      = ルニア
|ja_rm   = Runia
|ko      = 루냐
|es      = Lunja
|fr      = Lunja
|ru      = Лунджа
|th      = Lunja
|vi      = Lunja
|de      = Lunja
|id      = Lunja
|pt      = Lunja
|tr      = Lunja
|it      = Lunja
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}