{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Lynette
|id             = 368169
|image          = Character Lynette Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Lynette''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} So sleepy...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} This place is very safe...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Time to space out...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I need a cup of tea...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Brother...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Standby mode...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} ...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lynette mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...
:{{A|vo lynette mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Exiting standby mode. Sorry, I am not trying to ignore you. It just takes some time to get my systems back up and running.

:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' As long as you let your consciousness freely drift, it doesn't matter where you are.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Though, according to normal standards, the environment here is quite pleasant indeed.
::{{DIcon}} According to normal standards?
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Pure, clear air, a soft, warm bed, a lot of open space...
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Had we grown up in an environment like this, Lyney probably wouldn't have been nearly so anxious.
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...I seem to have allowed some subjective thoughts to color my review. Please pay it no heed. Objectively speaking, this is a delightful place.
::{{DIcon}} And according to your standards?
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' It is well-suited to spacing out. My charging speed is currently 5% faster than usual.
:::{{DIcon}} What an... interesting metric...
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...By my standards, that is the highest praise that can be given.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Now that's rare. People wanting me to start a conversation is a rather infrequent occurrence.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' After all, in most cases, this would just mean falling into an uncomfortable silence like this.
::{{DIcon}} Do you not like to chat?
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' No, that's not it. You can often find me talking with other girls.
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' They often gossip about the latest issues of serialized novels, or the gossip on who has a crush on whom...
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Just say "Oh, I see", "Wow, really?", or "Go on!" at the right moment... and the conversation will flow freely.
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04a 4.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...It's a great way to conserve your energy. I highly recommend it.
::{{DIcon}} Well, if you don't talk, then silence is inevitable...
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Saying something requires first listening, then analyzing, constructing your idea, and finally speaking out loud.
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' A back-and-forth conversation would require me to go through all the steps very efficiently. Mm... I've always found it quite taxing.
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Also, is it not true some people prefer to chat with someone who listens more than they talk?
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04b 4.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' If you ever have something to vent about, feel free to come and confide in me. I have a lot of experience in comforting others and calming things down.
:::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship2 04b 5.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Also, you can rest assured that your secrets will always be safe with me.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} ...Other than zoning out, I mean?
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...If that isn't an option, then I can't really think of anything else to do.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Would you like a cup of tea? I can go make one for you.
::{{DIcon}} You're the guest. Shouldn't I be the one making tea for you?
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' It's no trouble. For me, making tea is a truly enjoyable activity.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' I make tea for everyone whenever Lyney receives a guest.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Selecting the best tea leaves, testing the water temperature, and observing the steam as it rises from the water's surface... I very much enjoy the whole process. Only with absolute concentration can you brew the perfect cup of tea.
::{{DIcon}} Who would've thought the process is so complicated...
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Also, no one will drag me into a conversation when I'm busy making tea.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' And once the tea is ready, as long as you sit there holding the cup and maintain the appearance of sipping your tea in peace, nobody will try to talk to you.
::{{DIcon}} So the point is still to zone out, then.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Hehe, I was kidding. Was that surprising? I can crack jokes every now and then, too. I just rarely see the need.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' But I really do enjoy brewing and drinking tea. I'm able to taste even the most subtle differences in flavor.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Considering all the places you've visited, you must have tried many different flavors during your journey.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' You want to try one of my brews next time you're free? I'd love to hear your thoughts on it.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Lynette.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Mornings are good, aren't they? They are the start of a new day, which means there is plenty of time left to rest some more.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Would you like to rest with me?

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Lynette.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo lynette mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Entering standby mode. Zzz... Zzz...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Court of Justice's Booming Commerce===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lynette businessdistrict 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' This reminds me of the kind of places Lyney takes me to do street magic.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lynette businessdistrict 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' With a parasol for comfort &mdash; and without Lyney's constant chatter &mdash; I estimate my energy recharge rate will double.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lynette businessdistrict 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' I'm gonna sit here and drink some tea for a while. Wanna join me? I remember how much sugar you take in yours.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Perfectly-Drawn Focus===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lynette stagestyle 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' You're looking in my direction, but the stage is clearly in your peripheral vision. You're hoping to see a show, aren't you...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lynette stagestyle 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Boop-boop.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lynette stagestyle 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Standby mode activated while Lyney completes the upstream performance process. Enjoy the show.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Lynette/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Lynette/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:リネット/仲間]]
[[ru:Линетт/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Lynette/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Lynette/Bạn Đồng Hành]]