{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Lyney
|id             = 368170
|image          = Character Lyney Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Lyney''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A new trick...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Next performance...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Need to maintain the props...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Feeling good...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Lynette...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hey!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I knew it...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lyney mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo lyney mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I just knew you would be making an appearance here!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Your home is breathtaking! Even a legendary magician like myself can confidently say I've never seen or heard of anything like it!
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But were I to say I've already gotten completely used to it... Would you think I'm lying?
::{{DIcon}} Sure doesn't seem like the truth.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Aw, that really hurts my feelings...
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But, I was really being honest this time!
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Well, looks like I've got no choice but to stay here for a while longer! After all, it will take some time for me to win your trust again.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 4.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...You won't kick me out, right?
::{{DIcon}} No, I trust you.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hehe, I'm honored to have gained your trust.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It's almost impossible for me to lie to your face... Maybe it's because I can't bear to see that hurt expression of yours.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ahem, but back to the topic at hand! Since you care about me so much, surely you would also want me to extend my stay?
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 4.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' In which case, I'll be looking forward to more of your hospitality!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Sure thing! Say, why don't you take a look at my hat? Do you see anything different about it?
::{{DIcon}} Huh... Don't think there's any difference.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah, but that just means you need to look at it more carefully! Just come a bit closer.
::{{DIcon}} Well, alright then.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' So, do you have the answer? Is it the pattern, or the color? You should have seen this hat many times before.
::{{DIcon}} ...Nope, still not seeing it.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 04a.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' *sigh* What a pity... Although, your conclusion is actually correct.
::{{DIcon}} Is it bigger or smaller than before?
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 04b.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' No, the whole thing was misdirection.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I just played a little trick, and stole something of yours. And after that, I also slipped a card into your bag.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Now, can you guess what I stole from you?
::{{DIcon}} My wallet?
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07a 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Haha, I really am quite the little thief with a nose for Mora! No wonder my pockets are always overflowing.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07a 2.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' What I actually stole, however, was your "attention." That's something far more valuable than Mora!
::{{DIcon}} My heart?
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07b 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' A most unexpected answer! I have to say, even my heart has begun to race too.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07b 2.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' What I actually stole, however, was your "attention." Even though it's not nearly as valuable as your heart, it's still very important to us magicians nonetheless!
::{{DIcon}} My... attention?
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07c.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Bingo! Congratulations, that was the right answer.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' As long as you understand and master this trick, and put some time into practicing movement, you, too, can become an outstanding magician.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...Okay, you can return my card to me now.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' As you're the owner, there is one matter on which I would like to inquire your opinion.
::{{DIcon}} ...Huh? Why so formal all of a sudden...
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' From what I can see, not only is the environment here quite comfortable, but the security is also beyond reproach. It seems this would be a great place to raise pets.
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, I have a few.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Just so you know... I've already greeted them. Politely, of course.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I refrained from touching them or feeding them anything I had brought with me. Such actions require your permission first, no?
:::{{DIcon}} Why do I feel like you're being exceptionally earnest today...
::{{DIcon}} I don't really have much experience with pets...
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' No problem. As long as you aren't opposed to the idea, I'm happy to share my knowledge on the subject with you.
:::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Naturally, if you have any concerns, I will respect your thoughts and decisions.
:::{{DIcon}} Why do I feel like you're being exceptionally earnest today...
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hehe, is it because I'm usually dramatic and flamboyant? That could have left you with a rather one-sided impression.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' If that's the case, I really ought to do a good bit of self-reflection!
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Anyway, I just want to find a warm, free, and peaceful home for all of my animal assistants.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' A place where they'll always enjoy care and being lovingly looked after, with no need to worry about food or shelter...
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' To be perfectly honest with you, this is by far the best choice for them that I know of... but I wouldn't want you to feel pressured to take them in, or to persuade you using honeyed words.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But if you really were willing to take them in of your own free will, truly, that would be wonderful.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Lyney.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}!
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It would be great if I could see you every morning.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Lyney.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo lyney mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' If you ever have trouble falling asleep, I'd be happy to count cats with you until you drift off.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Court of Justice's Booming Commerce===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lyney businessdistrict 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Wow, you really thought of everything! I just love this style of table and chairs! The color, the design... so many memories.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lyney businessdistrict 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It takes me right back to when Lynette and I were little, and we used to do magic tricks on the street. Just like this: Check your pockets.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lyney businessdistrict 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Haha, yep, you guessed it &mdash; I made my move while you were focused on the table and chairs.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Perfectly-Drawn Focus===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lyney stagestyle 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I assume, since you've taken the trouble to set up this gorgeous stage, that you're hoping to host a spectacular performance here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lyney stagestyle 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hey, how about the greatest magician in all of Teyvat? It just so happens that he has an open slot in his schedule at this very moment...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd lyney stagestyle 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It looks like you may be the only audience member &mdash; but don't worry. The show will go ahead as scheduled.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Lyney/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Lyney/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:リネ/仲間]]
[[ru:Лини/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Lyney/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Lyney/Bạn Đồng Hành]]