{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101672
|image        = Book Letter.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = The letter that [[Lyudochka Snezhevna|Lyudochka]] asked someone from [[Yae Publishing House]] to pass on to you. It contains her reasons for leaving without saying why. However, whether you will accept her reasons for departing or not is a different story.<br />It was you who discovered her presence and changed her fate... Might you be able to do still more to change this ending for the better?
|source1      = [[Where the Dandelions Find Rest]]
}}
'''Lyudochka's Letter''' is a Quest item obtained during [[Where the Dandelions Find Rest]].

==Text==
Dear (Traveler) and Paimon,<br />
I'm so sorry about the manner of my parting. Though I did apologize to you, deep down, I know that I'm in no position to do so, nor shall I be so shameless as to appear before you again.<br />
I'm grateful for your offer to save me from my dilemma, but I had wondered about your approach. It wasn't until you took my uniform that I became aware that your plan would put you in harm's way.<br />
Therefore, I left Yae Publishing House in search of you. I found you in Araumi, along with a young lady &mdash; Ms. [[Momoyo]] &mdash; whom I had only seen in Kamera pictures up till then.<br />
I once took advantage of our resemblance to pose as her. She had every reason to hate my guts, but instead, she took such a huge risk to help fake my death, even at the price of one of her eyes.<br />
An unworthy sinner as I am, I've nonetheless received way more kindness from you than I could ever repay.<br />
I have put all my savings since I came to Inazuma in the bag beside this letter. Consider it a gift for you and Ms. Momoyo, as I know no other way to express my gratitude. Rest assured, I earned every coin through honest work.<br />
Farewell, then. I shall leave Inazuma and never return. I owe this land too much.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Lyudochka's Letter
|zhs     = 柳达希卡的信
|zhs_rm  = Liǔdáxīkǎ de Xìn
|zht     = 柳達希卡的信
|zht_rm  = Liǔdáxīkǎ de Xìn
|ja      = リュドヒカの手紙
|ja_rm   = Ryudohika no Tegami
|ko      = 류다치카의 편지
|ko_rm   = Ryudohika-ui Pyeonji
|es      = Carta de Lyudochka
|fr      = Lettre de Lyudochka
|ru      = Письмо Людочки
|th      = จดหมายของ Lyudochka
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Thư Của Lyudochka
|de      = Lyudochkas Brief
|id      = Surat Lyudochka
|pt      = Carta de Lyudochka
|tr      = Lyudochka'nın Mektubu
|it      = Lettera di Lyudochka
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[es:Carta de Lyudochka]]