{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Macadell.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fontaine Research Institute
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Macadell''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appeared in ''[[The Peaks and Troughs of Life]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Macadell is a researcher at the [[Fontaine Research Institute]]. He was working on the "Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device" project. At max power it is able to crush rocks, but Macadell has experienced some trouble operating it and asks the Traveler for help.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Event Dialogue==
===The Peaks and Troughs of Life===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Macadell:''' *sigh* There's no way I'm modifying the prototype with how things are now...
:{{DIcon}} About the Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device...
::'''Macadell:''' This Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device prototype is the result of the research of my project team.
::'''Macadell:''' Our team's research went swimmingly at first, and everything was normal... But who could have guessed that an explosion would suddenly rock the Fontaine Research Institute?
::'''Macadell:''' Many researchers from our group were caught in the blast, and the majority of our research materials were a complete loss...
::'''Macadell:''' Now, apart from me, there's basically nobody else who can continue the work and push the research forward.
::'''Macadell:''' To save our project, I've got to prove the value of this prototype as soon as I can.
::'''Macadell:''' But... who knew something like this would happen? Just where is the issue...
:{{DIcon}} About the machine's output issue...
::'''Macadell:''' Because this Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device prototype is having a few minor issues...
::'''Macadell:''' It's{{sic}} external power output fluctuates when connected to the Pressurized Impactor.
::'''Macadell:''' This kind of unstable energy output is even destabilizing the Pressurized Impactor's output strength.
::'''Macadell:''' When the output is high, this machine can easily crush rocks. But when output is low, even drilling a hole in mud is challenging.
::'''Macadell:''' Ugh... Although, I must stress that even though this machine is having output stability issues...
::'''Macadell:''' It is still extremely safe. Even if you don't turn it on during the energy output peak, at most the Impactor will also have low output.
::'''Macadell:''' There is absolutely no chance of it exploding, catching fire, leaking energy, the casing melting, or anything else of the sort... so please don't worry.
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Macadell:''' See you later. Please don't forget to help me test the device! Thanks!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Macadell
|zhs     = 玛卡德尔
|zhs_rm  = Mǎkǎdé'ěr
|zht     = 瑪卡德爾
|zht_rm  = Mǎkǎdé'ěr
|ja      = マッカーデル
|ja_rm   = Makkaaderu
|ko      = 마카델
|es      = Macadell
|fr      = Macadell
|ru      = Макадэлл
|th      = Macadell
|vi      = Macadell
|de      = Macadell
|id      = Macadell
|pt      = Macadell
|tr      = Macadell
|it      = Macadell
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->