{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Macaron Melange
|image             = Macaron Melange.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-12-15 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-12-20 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/114055
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20231215navia/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Navia
}}
{{Description|Everyone needs Macarons! Looks like it's my time to shine again!}}
'''Macaron Melange''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.2]].

==Event Duration==
December 15, 2023 12:00 – December 20, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, help Navia to prepare for a banquet by making Macarons and sending an invitation letter to claim in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, choose your favorite flavors and help Navia make 3 Macarons — as well as send an invitation letter — to claim in-game rewards.
# After sending the invitation letter, share the event to claim the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
Make 3 Macarons and send the invitation letter to obtain Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game rewards.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Prithiva Topaz Fragment*3;Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After making 3 Macarons and sending the invitation letter, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Macaron Melange
|zhs     = 马卡龙作战
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 馬卡龍作戰
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = マカロン作戦
|ja_rm   = Makaron Sakusen
|ja_tl   = Operation Macaron
|ko      = 마카롱 대작전
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Operación macaron
|es_tl   = Operation Macaron
|fr      = Opération macarons
|fr_tl   = Operation Macarons
|ru      = Макароны: печенье-наваждение
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = มาการองอลเวง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trận Chiến Macaron
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Macaron-Melange
|id      = Mengadon Makaron
|id_tl   = Kneading Macaron
|pt      = Operação Macaron
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Karışık Makaron
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Operazione macaron
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[fr:Opération macarons]]
[[pt-br:Operação Macaron]]
[[ru:Макароны: печенье-наваждение]]
[[vi:Trận Chiến Macaron]]