{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Maghan.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Masters of the Night-Wind
|title            = Priest-King
|title1           = Holy Sovereign
|titleRef1        = <ref name="Flute">{{Ref/Weapon|Flute of Ezpitzal}}</ref>

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Maghan''', also referred to as '''Dinga''', is a historical character from [[Natlan]]. 

He was once the servant of [[Maghan's Master|a young mystic]]. He went on to journey with [[Xbalanque]], then served [[Och-Kan]] for a time. In his later years, he became the founder and first leader of the [[Mictlan]] tribe.<ref name="Flute" />

==Profile==
Maghan was once the servant of a young mystic who lived in a village under the protection of dragons. He later accompanied Xbalanque in his quest to defeat [[Xiuhcoatl]] and became a venerated hero and priest-king.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
In the time when "the dragons' prideful honor was incinerated by ancient beacons," Dinga was the silent, loyal attendant of a young, blind, and maimed mystic who held the title of "Holy Sovereign" from what would become [[Masters of the Night-Wind|Mictlan]]. Their village was under the protection of dragons, who built a "labyrinth of mirrors and a fortress of mist" around the village in exchange for the Holy Sovereign guide them into their dreams.<ref name="Flute" />

[[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]], disgusted with his brethren's weakness, plotted to bring war and destruction to the village by manipulating the Holy Sovereign to turn against the dragons and send Dinga out into the world to join Xbalanque on his journey. However, what Waxaklahun Ubah Kan didn't know was that the Holy Sovereign had already known about his treachery and foreseen her end.<ref name="Starcaller">{{Ref/Weapon|Starcaller's Watch}}</ref> 

Before she and Dinga parted ways, she told him not to trust the dragon sage and to stab her in the heart when they meet again. She instructs him to spread the stories of heroes to the tribes and weave memories into woven scrolls in order to "anchor this home that shall in latter days be named Natlan."<ref name="Starcaller" /> She prophesied that he will break the old pact and create a new one that will bring true peace to humans and dragons.<ref name="Flute"/>

After Xiuhcoatl was defeated and [[Cinder City]] was established, [[Och-kan]] declared the inhabitants of the village to be traitors and ordered his army to kill them. Dinga, now known as the dragon slayer Maghan, led the charge and killed the traitors, including his former master, who became the [[Wayob]] of the tribe that would later be known as Mictlan.<ref name="Starcaller" /> 

Upon being granted a royal audience with Och-Kan, Maghan refused the favor offered to him, stating that he couldn't accept it because he allowed the dragons to escape and asked to retire from the [[Grand Alliance]] on account of his old age. After Cinder City's fall, his successor renewed the pact with the dragons. According to Maghan's wishes, he was buried among unmarked graves instead of being returned to the Sacred Flame.<ref name="Flute"/>

The legend of the origin of the [[Grainfruit]] also mentions Maghan. In this tale, when famine once struck the tribespeople, he "heeded the guidance of the [[Night Kingdom|night spirits]]" and planted animal teeth in the ground, then watered the crop with his own blood. The teeth grew upwards with his body as the shaft, forming the first Grainfruit. This is described as an act of "self-sacrifice," implying that it is also the story of Maghan's death.<ref name="Grainfruit">{{Ref/Item|Grainfruit}}</ref>

He was likely the wielder of the [[Flute of Ezpitzal]] and the owner of [[Starcaller's Watch]].<ref name="Flute" /><ref name="Starcaller" /> 

==Trivia==
* By process of elimination, due to all other members of [[Xbalanque]]'s party bearing the [[Ancient Name]]s of the later [[Six Heroes]] of Natlan, Maghan was likely the first bearer of {{Ancient Name|BDI|'''Bidii'''|bearer=1}}, as the representative and founder of [[Mictlan]].
** It is worth noting that mantra of Bidii relates to an 'omniscient man' foretelling his own death, which aligns with Maghan being a powerful mystic who sacrificed his own life to fertilize the soil of Natlan.
* Waxaklahun Ubah Kan once referred to Maghan as "an outlander he had never seen before," implying that he was not a native of (what would become) Natlan.<ref name="Starcaller" />
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}
===Etymology===
* {{w|Maghan I}}, also known as “Magha,” was the was the tenth {{w|Mansa (title)|mansa}} of the {{w|Mali Empire}}.
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Maghan
|zhs     = 马古汉
|zhs_rm  = Mǎgǔhàn
|zht     = 馬古漢
|zht_rm  = Mǎgǔhàn
|ja      = マグハン
|ko      = 마간
|es      = Maghan
|fr      = Maghan
|ru      = Магхан
|th      = Maghan
|vi      = Maghan
|de      = Maghan
|id      = Maghan
|pt      = Maghan
|tr      = Maghan
|it      = Maghan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}