{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Masters of the Night-Wind
|title            = The Starcaller
|title2           = Holy Sovereign

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Maghan's master''' was a young mystic who lived during the time of [[Och-Kan]]. [[Maghan]], then known as Dinga, was once her attendant. 

She played a role in establishing a home for humanity in Natlan, and for the [[Mictlan]] tribe in particular. After her death, she became the tribe's [[Wayob]].

She was the first wielder of [[Starcaller's Watch]] and likely bore the [[Ancient Name]] '''{{Ancient Name||Ukumbuko|bearer=1}}'''.<ref group="Note">{{Ref/Weapon|Starcaller's Watch|quote="Tell of their 'memories,' stretch them out upon woven scrolls, and anchor this home that shall in latter days be named Natlan."}}</ref>
<!--
==Profile==
===Appearance===
-->
==Story==
Maghan's master lived near the end of [[Xiuhcoatl]]'s reign, when dragon civilization was on the decline and wars raged across Natlan. Her village was located in a deep valley that would one day be known as "[[Mictlan]]." Initially, her people owed their very existence to the mercy of the dragons.<ref name="Flute">{{Ref/Weapon|Flute of Ezpitzal}}</ref>

At some point, the humans and dragons' interests aligned &mdash; the humans wanted protection, while the dragons wanted to escape the slow demise of their empire. Thus, they made a pact: the dragons would build a labyrinth of mirrors and a fortress of mist for the humans, so long as they appointed a "Holy Sovereign" to place the dragons in a dream state. However, maintaining this dream would be costly &mdash; it required the kindling of "life." Consequently, the "Holy Sovereign" was doomed to an early demise, making them more akin to a sacrifice.<ref name="Flute" />

As a young child, Maghan's master was chosen to be the Holy Sovereign, for she had a "star-bright soul." It is implied that she was not the first to fill this role.<ref name="Flute" /> As the pact dictated, her eyes were blinded ("so she will not be entranced by the colors they reflect") and her ankles mutilated ("so she shall not abandon her beloved comrades").<ref name="Starcaller">{{Ref/Weapon|Starcaller's Watch}}</ref> It is unclear when exactly she met Dinga, but by the time of her appointment, he had become her attendant and only companion.

[[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]] was disgusted that his brethren had chosen to flee into a world of dreams rather than face reality. He plotted to bring war and destruction to the valley by turning the Holy Sovereign against the dragons and sending her servant Dinga out into the world,  far away. He began to manipulate her, fanning the flames of suffering and feeding her false hope. At some point, he took her to visit the [[Night Kingdom]], possibly in a bid to win her trust. Believing her to be weak and naive, he thought that she would see nothing amidst the mist and smoke, but it is implied that she did learn something of the Night Kingdom in this time.<ref name="Starcaller" />

Furthermore, the young mystic had already foreseen Waxaklahun Ubah Kan's treachery, as well as the outcome of his plot. Before the Holy Sovereign and Dinga parted ways, she told him "all that she had heard." She prophesied that he would become a hero and "fated Sovereign," and would someday replace the old pact with a new one that brought true peace to humans and dragons. She told him of a future where his descendants could live without fear, where "the city of jade" would be established and "the master of flames and blazing infernos" would watch over humans and dragons alike.<ref name="Flute" />

She also warned him not to trust Waxaklahun Ubah Kan, and not to rely on the [[Lord of the Night]] or "the benevolence of the saints." She believed that humanity, despite its flaws, could only rely on itself. In order to establish a foundation for humanity in the land that would become Natlan, she told Dinga to follow Xbalanque, the "first rising dawn," and spread the stories of heroes among the tribes and record their memories in woven scrolls for future generations. She also instructed him to stab her in the heart when they met again, intending to use her own life to further anchor her people to this land and "stabilize the boundary." As a parting gift, she gifted him a statuette, the [[Starcaller's Watch]], which would later become a sacred relic of Mictlan.<ref name="Starcaller" /> 

After Xiuhcoatl was defeated and [[Cinder City]] was established, Och-Kan declared the inhabitants of the valley to be traitors, as they had once cooperated with the dragons. He ordered their execution, with Dinga, now known as the dragon slayer Maghan, leading the charge. Maghan destroyed the labyrinth and the fortress and slew everyone within, including his former master, just as she had requested. In her death, she became the [[Wayob]] of the tribe that would later be known as Mictlan. Following the battle, Maghan would retire from Och-Kan's service and build Mictlan into a tribe that would last for thousands of years to come.<ref name="Flute" /><ref name="Starcaller" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
* Due to the Starcaller obtaining the title of "Holy Sovereign" by inheritance,<ref name="Flute" /> it is possible that she is connected to the the Python King [[Och-Kan]], as he also bears this title.
** Och-Kan is known to be half-human, and was created by [[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]] using the body of a [[dragon]] and the soul of a human.<ref name=MoA>{{Ref/Quest|Moment of Awakening}}</ref> As the Sage was known to be close with the Starcaller in the time before Och-Kan appeared in history, and she had powers relating to the soul and dreams, it is possible that she was involved in the creation of Och-Kan in some way.

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}