{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Magnificent Tsuba.png
|set   = Emblem of Severed Fate
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|Legends has it that this ornate hand guard was once fitted upon a sword gifted to the [[oni]] who betrayed the Shogun.}}
'''Magnificent Tsuba''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Emblem of Severed Fate]].

==Description==
[[Chiyo|Mother]] had bared her fangs against the [[Ei|Shogun]], who had been kind to her and who had given her a treasured sword.<br />In the end, the only thing that was sent back to the [[Mikoshi Clan]] was the tsuba of that blade which she had loved so dearly.

Mother's long-cherished wish was to overcome the destiny of life and death with her boiling passion.<br />She would make such contributions as to make an eternal name for the ever-thinning blood of the war-[[oni]].<br />If she was engulfed by the pitch-black tiger-beast of sin itself, then she would tear it apart from the inside.

She would've proved her valor resoundingly under the Electro Mitsudomoe banner,<br />And she thought she could wash her bloodstained juunihitoe battle-garb clean.<br />But it was stained black in the end, together with her fiercely beating heart...

From then on, her [[Iwakura Michihiro|eldest son]], who should have inherited the family fortune, lived in seclusion in a [[Konda Village|village outside the city]],<br />With naught but the mountain and wood as his friends — that is, until he met [[Teruyo|that girl]]...

"What a pain. Well, if you wish to abandon your past, allow me to give you a new name."<br />After hearing about his past, the girl who possessed jet black wings sneered disdainfully.<br />"Well, you shall be called Iwakura. 'The seat of rock.' A name that human words cannot harm."<br />"Come on, mortal in whose veins runs the blood of the oni, be glad. Smile a little!"<br />"You should know that names given by us [[Yougou Tengu]] are blessed with divine powers."<br />"Besides, the name 'rock' suits you — it certainly suits your mind and your muscles, that's for sure."

"Well then, when the cherry blossoms fall next year, let's have a duel here, 'Iwakura.'"<br />"Child of the oni, hone your swordsmanship and become a foe whom the Yougou Tengu would not be ashamed to cross swords with."<br />"Ah, yes! If you manage to touch me, you'll get to call your secret blade 'Tengu Victor'!"<br />"After all, if you get to that point, you'll have a sword that'll let you 'triumph over the tengu.'"

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* A {{Lang|tsuba|ja=鍔}} refers to a Japanese sword's hand guard. The design of the artifact resembles that of the Nobushi Handguards, as they are also tsuba.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Magnificent Tsuba
|zhs     = 明威之镡
|zhs_rm  = Míng Wēi zhī Xín
|zht     = 明威之鐔
|zht_rm  = Míng Wēi zhī Xín
|zh_tl   = Magnificent Handguard
|ja      = 威厳の鍔
|ja_rm   = Igen no Tsuba
|ja_tl   = Tsuba of Solemnity
|ko      = 위엄의 날밑
|ko_rm   = Wieom-ui Nalmit
|ko_tl   = Sword Guard of Dignity
|es      = Guardamano del Honor
|es_tl   = Handguard of Honor
|fr      = Tsuba magnifique
|fr_tl   = Magnificent Tsuba
|ru      = Великолепная цуба
|ru_tl   = Magnificent Tsuba
|th      = Magnificent Tsuba
|vi      = Kiếm Cách Uy Vũ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Prunkvolles Stichblatt
|de_tl   = Magnificent Guard
|id      = Magnificent Tsuba
|pt      = Pomo Poderoso
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Muhteşem Tsuba
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tsuba poderosa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Emblem of Severed Fate}}

[[fr:Tsuba magnifique]]
[[id:Magnificent Tsuba]]
[[ja:威厳の鰐]]