{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Magnanimous Ink Bottle.png
|set   = Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|An ink bottle utilized by the witch in the story. It possesses a strange enchantment no less powerful than the one cast upon the dip pen.}}
'''Magnanimous Ink Bottle''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods]].

==Description==
...<br>
The little girl read on, as Pie snuggled up next to her.<br>
She turned to the next page...

It was only a long time after that the young girl learned that her mother was long dead. Returning to her hometown after a long absence, she found that all were courteous and cordial to her, no less than everyone else, whether it was strangers or familiar faces.<br>
"It's all as you wished, so why won't you smile once more?"<br>
The young man who had spoken was someone she had seen before, perhaps just one of the many followers.<br>
"Mother was right, I am a pitiable child. Because of this awful curse, I can never be truly happy."<br>
"Ah! You actually consider such a selfless gift a curse. You should know, this was obtained in exchange with a witch, and obtained only through sacrifice! He never even thought about asking anything in return from you. Is there any greater love than that in the world?"<br>
"Then it seems he knows more than me about how to obtain happiness." The girl continued, "Where is the value in a life in which all is given to you for free, and you never need pay? The most worthless things are those that nobody needs. Perhaps I am the existence which is unneeded."<br>
"No, not at all... You must exist! At least, that's how I feel about it."<br>
"Then what is it you want from me? If there's something I can do for you..."<br>
But the young man looked embarrassed.<br>
The young girl was immeasurably disappointed, and resolved to go to the witch's abode in the Echoing Woods and find a way to break the accursed curse.<br>
The youth took out the magic mirror he had loaned from the witch, hoping to stop her.<br>
"When the luck gifted to you by magic is taken away..."<br>
The girl saw before her what awaited when her luck was exhausted: She saw herself lose all her wealth, and those she hurt no longer laughed jovially and forgave her, but scolded her and rolled their eyes. People no longer crowded about her but left as though a great ball had ended. She still traveled as before, but none now showed care or concern for her on her journey. She saw herself blown about by the wind and pummeled by the rain while children laughed at her and mocked her. She saw that all the gifts she had received would have to be repaid tenfold, a hundredfold.<br>
Though she hadn't taken a single step, all that she saw in the mirror seemed to be happening to her, and she saw her life become an endless toil conspiring to destroy her.<br>
"Rejoice, for the fortune granted by magic has not yet abandoned you, and none will laugh at your weakness."<br>
...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Magnanimous Ink Bottle
|zhs      = 慷慨的墨水瓶
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 慷慨的墨水瓶
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 寛容なインク壺
|ja_rm    = Kan'you-na Inku Tsuba
|ja_tl    = Magnanimous Ink Bottle
|ko       = 아낌없는 잉크병
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Tintero de la Magnanimidad
|es_tl    = Ink Bottle of Magnanimity
|fr       = Bouteille d'encre de magnanimité
|fr_tl    = Ink Bottle of Magnanimity
|ru       = Великодушная чернильница
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Magnanimous Ink Bottle
|vi       = Lọ Mực Khảng Khái
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Großzügiges Tintenfass
|de_tl    = Generous Ink Bottle
|id       = Magnanimous Ink Bottle
|pt       = Garrafa Cheia de Nanquim
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Cömert Mürekkep Şişesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Calamaio magnanimo
|it_tl    = Magnanimous Inkwell
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods}}

[[fr:Bouteille d'encre de magnanimité]]
[[ja:寛容なインク壺]]
[[tr:Cömert Mürekkep Şişesi]]
[[uk:Великодушна пляшка з чорнилом]]
[[vi:Lọ Mực Khảng Khái]]
[[zh:慷慨的墨水瓶]]