{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19061
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = I
|act           = Chivalric Training
|description   = In accordance with your growing fame as the Honorary Knight, one of your junior Knights of Favonius would like to receive your guidance...
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = The Art of Hospitality
|next2         = Noelle's Strength
|next3         = Fleeting Leisure
|characters    = Alois; Noelle; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Maid-in-Training''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Chivalric Training]].

==Steps==
# Head to near [[Mondstadt]]
# Talk to [[Noelle]]
* All of Life Is Training
*# Follow Noelle
*# Look for the source of the cry for help
*# Talk to Noelle
*# Go to the crossing and appraise the situation
*# Defeat all opponents
*# Report back to Noelle and [[Alois]]

==Notes==
* While following Noelle, you are unable sprint. She will stop and wait for you if you leave her immediate vicinity. When out of her vicinity, you will be able to sprint, but she does not catch up.

==Dialogue==
==="Honorary Knight!"===
{{Quest Description|In accordance with your growing fame as the Honorary Knight, one of your junior Knights of Favonius would like to receive your guidance...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Is that... the Honorary Knight? Hello!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Seems like someone's calling out to you, (Traveler)! Let's go check it out!

;(Walk up to Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I finally get to meet you, Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm Noelle, a maid of the [[Knights of Favonius]].
:{{DIcon}} The Knights of Favonius have... maids?
:{{DIcon}} Is this... "maid-knight" attire?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah &mdash;  apologies... I've yet to officially join the Knights.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As a maid, and in order to be worthy of this armor, I'm currently undergoing the Knights of Favonius Chivalric Training.
:{{DIcon}} "Chivalric Training"?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... I haven't passed the selection trials yet, but I've been asking senior knights for advice on how to become a true Knight of Favonius.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...I asked [[Amber]] how to make a [[Baron Bunny]], and [[Kaeya]]'s been keeping me busy with various small tasks...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I even asked the [[Klee|Spark Knight]] to pass on her experiences, although... Master [[Jean]] grounded us shortly after...
:{{DIcon}} You seem to be... working hard...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Actually... I have always wanted to receive guidance from the Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I&mdash;I was worried that it might be too... presumptuous to ask...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've seen you on the streets of Mondstadt occasionally, but I've always been too busy to disturb you...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I just finished today's cleaning for the Knights and was about to start my training when I saw you!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I... If it's not too much trouble... could I ask you for some guidance on my Chivalric Training?
:{{DIcon}} You know... it's okay not to be a knight.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Of course, where do you want to start?
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} You know... it's okay not to be a knight.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So as a senior knight... this is your suggestion?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... as a maid, I'm only authorized to deal with smaller tasks.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The Knights of Favonius is the strongest shield that Mondstadt has. How can I defend the people if I'm only ever dealing with minor matters!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' That's why I've always wanted to become a real knight<!--uncapitalized--> of Favonius, to have the power to help more people!
:{{DIcon}} A maid is a respectable position too, I'd like to become one.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh? Y&mdash;You're joking hehehe... right?
:{{DIcon}} No matter how small the tasks, they still need someone to take care of them. I do small tasks all the time.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Really? Even the Honorary Knight?
:{{DIcon}} I'm constantly running errands.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...I thought the Honorary Knight would only ever be busy with powerful enemies like Stormterror...
:{{DIcon}} The strength to fight powerful enemies only comes with the experience gained during the completion of smaller tasks.
:{{DIcon}} Besides, you don't exactly mind such tasks, right?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 21.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well... that is true...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 22.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Come to think of it, whenever I see you in Mondstadt, you do always seem to be in a hurry...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 23.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And the fact is... you're hurrying to help others...
:{{DIcon}} Go back to Mondstadt and see if there are people who need help.
:{{DIcon}} Think of every small task as a kind of training.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 24.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... Okay, back to Mondstadt it is! Time for today's training to officially begin!
{{Dialogue end}}

====All of Life Is Training====
{{Quest Description|Noelle, who aims to become a Knight of Favonius, has shared her troubles with you and hopes that you'll be able to help her with her chivalric training. At your suggestion, Noelle decides to start small...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Follow Noelle and approach the bridge)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Your point of view on these matters has truly been eye-opening for me, I have a lot to learn!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Just like you said, from now on, I'm going to treat helping people with smaller tasks as a part of my training!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Just thinking about it makes me feel more motivated than ever!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Noelle's motivated alright!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's got that "gimme a commission before I take 'em all" vibe!

:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Someone&mdash;! Anyone&mdash;!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Who's that? I&mdash;I need to help!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Noelle! Whoa... she's fast... Let's catch up with her!

;(Approach Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...There, there, take your time, try and take a deep breath first...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 02.ogg}} '''???:''' *catches breath* ...And finally... I was saved...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well my name's Noelle. Don't worry sir, everything's all right. I'll be protecting you from now on.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So... where are you from? I don't think we've met in Mondstadt before.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Thanks... I... I'm not from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 04.ogg}} '''Alois:''' My name is Alois. I'm a traveling merchant.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 05.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I was on my way to Mondstadt to acquire some of the reputed local wines... so I could take them back to Liyue... Little did I know...
:{{DIcon}} ...Mm-hmm...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 06.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Uh... Little did I know I'd run into savage monsters on the way! I mean... savage! They were twice my height!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 07.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I was so scared I ran all the way here, until I just couldn't run anymore... Thank goodness I found you and this... uh... maid.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's okay, Mr. Alois. We're not far from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Although I'm just an ordinary maid, the small task of escorting a visitor to the city is certainly within my power.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 08.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Uh, escort me to Mondstadt? Perfect! Let's go...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But, wait a moment... as a traveling merchant, you must have some luggage and some goods?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Don't worry. No matter the quantity, I'll carry them for you!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 09.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Luggage? Goods? Uhh...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 10.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Yes! I remember now. The savage monsters I encountered? That's when I lost them!
:{{DIcon}} I can get them back for you.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 11.ogg}} '''Alois:''' No, no... no need! These monsters are ferocious! Three times my height!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 12b.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, rest easy &mdash; (Traveler) is Mondstadt's Honorary Knight. No monster is too ferocious for (him/her).
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 12.ogg}} '''Alois:''' H&mdash;Honorary Knight? Then you're a member of the Knights of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} Where did you see those monsters?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 13.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I, uhh... I&mdash;I can't remember exactly. I was too busy running.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 14.ogg}} '''Alois:''' P&mdash;Probably near that crossing in front of us... b&mdash;but I can't be sure... *sigh* Nevermind...<!--sic-->
:{{DIcon}} Back soon.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 15.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Wait... w&mdash;wait a minute! My chest! Argh! A sudden pain in my chest! It must be all that running. Let's look for those things a little bit later...
:;(He lowers himself to the ground)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! Chest pain? ...Here, I've got you. Hold my arms and lie down slowly.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Now do your best to relax. I will examine you.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 alois 16.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Uhh... p&mdash;perhaps I... maybe you...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906103 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm sorry, I must stay here to watch over our visitor, (Traveler). It looks like you'll need to handle the monsters. Oh &mdash; and please be careful!

;(Talk to Alois and Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 01.ogg}} '''Alois:''' No, no, it's okay... I'll be fine with a bit of rest, don't worry about me...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Sorry! If you really don't want to be examined, I still need to take care of you!
----
;(Approach the crossing)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange... No trace of any large monsters here...
;(Approach the fallen carriage)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, here they come!

;(Defeat the slimes)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? It's just a few ordinary slimes!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't see any goods on the road. Is this the right place?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's head back to Noelle.
----
;(Talk to Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Back so soon... A true senior knight!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Did you see Mr. Alois's luggage on the way?
:{{DIcon}} Not a trace.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 02.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Uh, perhaps the monsters ate it?
:{{DIcon}} Only saw a few monsters...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 03.ogg}} '''Alois:''' So there were monsters...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 04.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Didn't I tell you! It's dangerous!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, you're not hurt, are you, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} They were only a few slimes.
:{{DIcon}} They weren't exactly twice your height.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 05.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Uh... um... w&mdash;what I meant was...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 06.ogg}} '''Alois:''' When they jumped, they were thrice &mdash; ahem &mdash; twice as tall as me!
:{{DIcon}} Twice or thrice...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 07.ogg}} '''Alois:''' ...W&mdash;Why are you looking at me like that? Even if they were just slimes, I couldn't have fought them off!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *sigh* What can we do? If even the Honorary Knight can't find them...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 08.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Heh... I'm just a traveling merchant, you never know what's gonna happen out here...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 09.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Oh well, looks like Mondstadt was never meant to be, perhaps next time...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm very sorry... In these circumstances, I must ask you to register the quantity and nature of your lost property with the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I know that the Knights will do their best to help you recover your goods!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 10.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Ah!?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 11.ogg}} '''Alois:''' No, no, no! I&mdash;I couldn't possibly trouble the Knights of Favonius. This matter... it really is beneath them.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' On the contrary, it's the duty of the Knights to look after any visitors traveling to and from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As a maid, I must do my best in receiving and escorting such visitors.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But then... perhaps there's something keeping you from going to the Knights?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 12.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Heh... No! Absolutely nothing!
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, can we talk for a moment?
;(Aside)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mm? Everything okay?
:{{DIcon}} This fellow seems suspicious to me.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well... actually, I noticed that too.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But since we don't have any evidence of wrongdoing, he deserves the benefit of the doubt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' This gentleman was seeking help at the gates of Mondstadt, which makes him a guest of the city.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Therefore, I must carry out my maidly duties.
:{{DIcon}} You have a point...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mm-hmm, thank you for understanding!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 alois 13.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Hey... what are you discussing? So what's next?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... Sorry to keep you waiting!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906104 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' We've talked it over, and we've decided to escort you back to Mondstadt!
:;(Proceed to [[The Art of Hospitality]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Of course, where do you want to start?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 25.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I&mdash;I'd like to get your opinion on something, as a senior knight!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 26.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've been keeping up with my maidly duties and knightly exercises.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 27.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But training progress has been a little slow...
:{{DIcon}} Maidly duties?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 28.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Uh... it's really all just cleaning and tidying...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 29.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Roughly every other day, I do a major clean-up for the Knights of Favonius.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 30.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Under the beds, the windowsills... nothing can be left out. The smallest corners are the most likely to gather dust.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 31.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' There are also all kinds of smaller domestic tasks, like preparing Captain Kaeya's eye patch, and helping Ms. Lisa keep her bookshelves in order.
:{{DIcon}} Knightly exercises?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 32.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Y'know, just basic strength and endurance training...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 33.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 34.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And running two laps around Mondstadt as a morning routine.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 35.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm actually incredibly busy every day. It's just that... I always feel like something's missing.
:{{DIcon}} What you lack is strength!
:;(Go to [[#Branch 3|Branch 3]])
:{{DIcon}} What you lack is rest.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 4|Branch 4]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 3===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} What you lack is strength!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 36.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' S&mdash;Strength...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 37.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But, I think I'm pretty strong...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 38.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' After he got drunk, I carried Mr. Bruce back to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters myself...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 39.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I also carried the library's new bookshelves over from Springvale...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 40.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Even Mr. Huffman said I'm strong.
:{{DIcon}} Can you show me?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 41.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah! Of course!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 42.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' However, even though it's only training... I can't raise my sword against the Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 43.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've got it! Let's go to the training ground at the Knights of Favonius Headquarters. There should be some training dummies there.
:;(Proceed to [[Noelle's Strength]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 4===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} What you lack is rest.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 44.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Rest? But... *sigh* ...I've still got so much work to do.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 45.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Besides... I'm still not skilled enough. Any free time that I get should be spent training.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 46.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If I want to become a real knight soon, I have to continue to put in more effort than the others.
:{{DIcon}} A true knight also needs sufficient rest.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 47.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... time is precious... if I rest...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 48.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'll feel guilty...
:{{DIcon}} Stopping for occasional rest is all part of ensuring that you can train to your maximum ability.
:{{DIcon}} If you're too busy, you won't have time to reflect on your progress and goals.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 49.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ohh... I really hadn't thought about that...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 50.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Resting... for the sake of training...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 51.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ohhhh... so that's why Ms. Lisa always has afternoon tea in the library... I get it now!
:{{DIcon}} In Lisa's case, I'm afraid it's probably just resting for the sake of resting...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 52.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh... Now that you... mention it...
::{{DIcon}} Nevermind.<!--sic--> Speaking of tea, let's have some!
:{{DIcon}} And speaking of tea, let's have some!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906101 noelle 53.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! O&mdash;Okay!
:;(Proceed to [[Fleeting Leisure]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Noelle's "knightly exercises" are a reference to {{w|One-Punch Man}}'s workout routine.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Maid-in-Training
|zhs     = 女仆与修行
|zhs_rm  = Nǚpú yǔ Xiūxíng
|zht     = 女僕與修行
|zht_rm  = Nǚpú yǔ Xiūxíng
|zh_tl   = Maid and Training
|ja      = メイドと修行
|ja_rm   = Meido to Shugyou
|ja_tl   = Maid and Training
|ko      = 메이드와 수행
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Caballera en ciernes
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Servante & chevalerie
|fr_tl   = Maid & Chivalry
|ru      = Обучение горничной
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การฝึกฝนของสาวใช้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Maid Training
|vi      = Hầu Gái Và Tu Hành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ausbildung zur Magd
|de_tl   = Training to Be a Maid
|id      = Pelayan dalam Masa Pelatihan
|id_tl   = Maid in Training Period
|pt      = Empregada e Treinamento
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}