{{Mail
|title     = Oho! Let Me Take a Wild Guess...
|sender    = Dehya
|date      = 2023-04-07
|text      = Hey, how've you been? Still traveling around?

It's my birthday today and I'll probably spend the day at [[Aaru Village]], so I wanted to invite you to have some fun together.

I spent my birthday last year in the desert. Waking up from the back of [[Sumpter Beast]], I saw the sun hanging high in the sky and thought, "Another year older, another year wiser. I gotta become a better version of myself and bring my A-game."

But later, I felt that it wasn't necessary to have such high expectations. Birthdays are for commemoration, and what matters most is that everyone is happy.

So, I discussed with my friends on what we wanted to do. 

[[Dunyarzad]] and [[Candace]] said they wanted to have a great meal, and they would love to have a pillow fight.

Oh right, do you remember [[Setaria]]? That female scholar?

She often joins us for our gatherings nowadays, so she would probably come by too.

Anyway, we'll be waiting for you in Aaru Village. See you soon!

Also, I don't know who told Candace that the pillows used for a pillow fight should be stuffed with [[rice]] to give the battle more "oomph"... But don't you worry, I've confiscated her rice.
|items     = Rice*2,Henna Berry*10,Goldflame Tajine*1
|type      = Birthday
|character = Dehya
|mention   = Candace, Dunyarzad,Setaria
}}

[[ja:メール/よっ！当ててみようか… (2023-04-07)]]
[[th:จดหมาย/โย่ว! ให้ฉันได้ลองทายดูนะ... (2023-04-07)]]
[[tr:Posta/Ah! Bir Tahmin Edeyim... (2023-04-07)]]
[[vi:Thư/Ối! Để Tôi Đoán Xem Nào... (2023-04-07)]]