{{Mail
|title   = An Unexpected Surprise...
|sender  = Jean
|date    = 2023-03-14
|text    = It has been quite some time since our last meeting. How have you been?

Upon finishing work, I received an unexpected invitation &mdash; the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters|headquarters']] kitchen replaced the old stove and kitchen utensils, and installed an assistant device developed by the [[Knights of Favonius#Investigation|Investigation Team]]. Thus, I was invited to test the outcome of the renovation.

Though such tasks fall into the [[Knights of Favonius#The 6th Company, Logistics|logistics division's]] scope of responsibility, considering that "good food is one of the pillars of morale," it is my duty, too, to take a good look at the cooking facilities.

I did not expect that it was a surprise birthday party for me yet again. Before I came in, the knights were all there waiting for me. I received many presents and good wishes from them.

To express how impressed and touched I was, I made an extra-large pizza with the new stove, and shared it with everyone.

I want to express my gratitude for your contribution and assistance as well, and to share this happiness with you.

Should you be available in the future, you are always welcome in the [[Knights of Favonius]].
|items   = Dandelion Seed*10,Invigorating Pizza*1
|type    = Birthday
|character = Jean
}}

[[ja:メール/予想外のサプライズ… (2023-03-14)]]
[[th:จดหมาย/เซอร์ไพรส์วันเกิดที่คาดไม่ถึง... (2023-03-14)]]
[[tr:Posta/Beklenmedik Bir Gelişme... (2023-03-14)]]
[[vi:Thư/Bất Ngờ Không Ngờ Đến (2023-03-14)]]