{{Mail
|title     = Come Quick, My Friend!
|sender    = Hu Tao
|date      = 2023-07-15
|text      = Recently, I've been asking [[Xiangling]] to teach me the culinary arts! She obviously agreed, and my first task is to go up into the mountains and gather ingredients, and the ingredients must be "innovative."

Now, my dear friend, having read that, I am sure your eyebrows must be furrowed as you wonder: Anything that flies in the sky, swims in the sea, or runs around on the ground and can fit into a mouth has already been tried by Xiangling, so how can one still find "innovative" ingredients?

Even I was confounded, and wandered about with hands most empty indeed, until I found myself sitting high in the boughs of a tree, legs swinging free, when the answer hit me! 

Superb ingredients may be found at the ends of the sky, but also right beneath your eyes! This pine is solid, sturdy, and full of fragrance, so it'd be perfect for roasting chicken!

Ideas burst forth like water from a spring, so I shall dedicate a poem:

The mountains are beautiful beyond compare, trees aplenty and mushrooms rare,

So long as your friends are there, even if eating grass most bare.

I've chopped the pine and prepared the fowl, and the fire is already roaring... Now all I need is for you to come taste my progress!
|mention   = Xiangling
|character = Hu Tao
|items     = Fowl*5,Ghostly March*1,Pine Wood*5
|type      = Birthday
}}

[[ja:メール/親友、はやく来て！ (2023-07-15)]]
[[tr:Posta/Arkadaşlar, Toplanın! (2023-07-15)]]
[[vi:Thư/Bạn Hiền Mau Tới Đây! (2023-07-15)]]