{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Mail
|tab2 = List
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Mail.png
|type         = Game Systems
|group        = Menus
}}
'''Mail''' is a system in ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' where players can receive messages and attachments. All mail have a title, sender, message, time/date sent/received, attachments, and an expiry date of when it will be automatically deleted.

It is unlocked after completing the {{Quest|Unexpected Power}}.

==Mailbox==
The Mailbox can be accessed from the [[Paimon Menu]] > Mail, from the [[Shortcut Wheel]], or by interacting with the [["A Messenger in the Summer Woods"]] [[furnishing]] in the [[Serenitea Pot]]. It has a maximum capacity of 1000. Once the number of Mail you have exceeds that number, the system will start to automatically delete Mail without attachments or Mail with attachments that have already been claimed in chronological order from oldest to newest. Additionally, the Mailbox display is limited, and will only display a portion of the Mail once it has gone over the limit. Delete excess Mail to display the remaining Mail.

The first attachment in the Mail is the item icon shown in the list of Mail.

All Mail can be claimed by selecting "Claim All" and all read Mail can be deleted by selecting "Delete Read."

===Pinned Mail===
Pinned mail cannot be deleted quickly and will be placed at the top of the mail list with a {{Icon/Stars|1}}. However, they can still expire.

==Gift Mail Box==
Some important mail such as [[birthday]] wishes will be automatically transferred into the Gift Mail Box after the player has collected the rewards. Mail within this Box will not be quick-deleted, and will not expire over time.

==Mail Language==
{{Stub|Check if other mails similar to the Blessing of the Welkin Moon Expiration Reminder mail also change language after receipt}}
Mail that originates in the game will be in the language that the player has set the game to. Mail that originates outside of the game, such as from web events or the HoYoLAB Daily Check-In, will be in the language set there. The languages can be different for different sources at the same time.

No mail's language change after receipt with the exception of the following, which update with any changes to the game language even after receipt:
* [[Birthday/Traveler|Traveler's Birthday Mail]]
* [[Blessing of the Welkin Moon Expiration Reminder]]

==Descriptions==
{{Description|'''Mailbox Capacity'''<br>Your mailbox has a maximum capacity of 1000.<br>Once the number of mail you have exceeds that number, the system will start to automatically delete mail without attachments or mail with attachments you have already claimed in chronological order from oldest to newest.<br>Additionally, the mailbox display is limited, and will only display a portion of your mail once it has gone over the limit.<br>Delete excess mail to display the remaining mail.<br><br>'''Mail Pins'''<br>Pinned mail cannot be deleted quickly and will be placed at the top of the mail list.<br>However, they can still expire.<br><br>'''Gift Mail Box'''<br>Some important mail such as birthday wishes will be automatically transferred into the Gift Mail Box after you have collected the rewards.<br>Mail within this Box will not be quick-deleted, and will not expire over time.|Details}}

==Mail Events==
[[Mail Events]] are mails sent to the player with rewards, usually to celebrate milestones reached by the game.

{{Events by Category Table|Mail Events}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox}}

[[es:Correo]]
[[it:Posta]]
[[ja:メール]]
[[pt-br:E-mail]]
[[ru:Почтовая система]]
[[th:จดหมาย]]
[[tr:Posta]]
[[vi:Thư]]