{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = Mansion
|image        = Icon Housing Main Building Mansion.png
|type         = Item Groups
|type2        = Furnishing Subcategories
|type3        = Exterior Furnishings
|type4        = Main Building
}}
'''Mansion''' is a [[Furnishing Subcategory]] in the category [[Main Building]].

Each Realm must have a mansion, and [[Tubby]] the Teapot Spirit can be found outside. The mansion can be entered and have [[Interior Furnishing]]s placed inside.

When using the {{Item|Serenitea Pot}} gadget, the player will arrive outside the mansion by default. It can also be directly teleported to without the use of a waypoint. If the player was inside the mansion when they left their Serenitea Pot, they will arrive inside the mansion instead.

Though each mansion has a different layout, the number of rooms and the corresponding [[load]] limits are the same. Each has a main hall downstairs and a corridor upstairs, both of which have a load capacity of 10,000. There are five other rooms, which each have a load capacity of 4,000.

==List==
{{Furnishings by Category Table|Main Building Mansion|nocategory=1|version=1}}

==Gallery==
{{Furnishings by Category Gallery|Main Building Mansion}}

==Soundtracks==
Each mansion comes with a default soundtrack, but the music can be changed with the furnishing [[Euphonium Unbound: Winding]].
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Realm Mansion Soundtracks}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox|exterior}}

[[Category:Main Building Mansion| ]]

[[ja:メイン建築/邸宅]]
[[pt-br:Prédio Principal/Residência]]