{{Faction Infobox
|caption      = 
|leader       = 
|subfaction   = 
|founder      = 
|base         = [[Palais Mermonia]], [[Court of Fontaine]]
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Maison Gardiennage''' is Fontaine's law enforcement service.<ref name='ls'>{{Ref/Loading|Fontaine|Fontaine}}</ref> 

==Overview==
The Maison Gardiennage is responsible for public order and safety. Their main force is composed of [[Garde]]s and [[Gardemek]]s. They have two special branches: One is known as the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol; they handle particularly difficult affairs that ordinary Gardes would struggle with.<ref name='ls' /> The other is the [[Marechaussee Phantom]], which is primarily responsible for investigation and answers directly to the [[Neuvillette|Chief Justice]].

The [[Steambird]]'s Editor-in-Chief [[Euphrasie]] uses intelligence from the Maison Gardiennage to collect information on dangerous monsters, meka, and bandits, publishing the information along with bounties.<ref name='ls' />

The Maison Gardiennage is based in the [[Court of Fontaine]].<ref>[[Court of Fontaine]]: Description of [[Palais Mermonia]]</ref> They are responsible for keeping records of various civil cases<ref>{{Ref/Quest|When All Return to the Waters}}</ref> as well as transporting and punishing hostages.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Fleuve Cendre Ferryman}}</ref><ref>[[Opera Epiclese Notice Board]]</ref> They are also in charge of maintaining and operating the Gardemeks.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As Light Rain Falls Without Reason}}</ref>

The Special Security and Surveillance Patrol is a special department in the Maison Gardiennage, currently led by [[Chevreuse]]. They are responsible for apprehending violent criminals, less so for carrying out investigations.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence}}</ref> Unlike the other divisions, their members are not required to use standardized weaponry or wear a uniform outside of formal events. They also do not mind recruiting the descendants of criminals, as long as they are capable of proving they can enforce justice. Most of their members use muskets, though they are also skilled in unarmed combat per Chevreuse's standards. They are also the least mechanized section of the Gardes, as Gardemeks would block their line of fire.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Chevreuse|2}}</ref>

The Maison Gardiennage requires all employees to use their vacation time by the end of the year.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Custom Gift Envelope No. 6}}</ref>

==Departments==
The following groups are affiliated with the Maison Gardiennage:
*[[Garde]]
*[[Gardemek]]
*[[Guard Poodle]]
*[[Marechaussee Phantom]]
*Special Security and Surveillance Patrol

==Personnel==
===Garde===
{{Characters by Category List|Garde|2|not=Deceased Characters|full_header=There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are part of the Gardes}}
*[[Grosrochard]] (captain of the Gardes)<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/22786617 Righteous Enforcer of the Law]</ref>

===Special Security and Surveillance Patrol=== 
*[[Chevreuse]] (current captain)
*[[Contarini]]
*[[Donatello]]
*[[Grizzetti]] (deceased)
*[[Letellier]]
*[[Riqueti]] (former)
*[[Thurel]] (former)
*[[Turenna]]
*[[Vautrin]] (former captain, deceased)

==Trivia==
* The emblem on the hat of the Maison Gardiennage uniform had only the scales symbolizing the law at first, then later got redesigned to include Melusines to commemorate [[Carole]]'s sacrifice.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Ever-Surging Memories}}</ref>
* An unwritten rule of the Special Patrol is that should a member fall in the line of duty, the others would hold onto their cap; should their children ever join the Special Patrol, they would pass the cap down to them.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Chevreuse|About Chevreuse: Uniform Cap}}</ref>
* According to Chevreuse's [[Chevreuse/Lore#Character Story 2|Character Story 2]], the Special Patrol is not required to use standardized weapons, but her other character details and [[Chevreuse: Type II|namecard]] state that they do have a standard issue weapon: The "Special Security and Surveillance Patrol Type II Standard Musket."
* Apparently, Special Patrol members start their day with a six-mile morning jog.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fiction and Reality Inside and Outside the Frame}}</ref>
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en     = Maison Gardiennage
|1_en_lang = fr
|1_en_tl  = Security House
|1_zhs    = 执律庭
|1_zhs_rm = Zhílǜ-tíng
|1_zht    = 執律庭
|1_zht_rm = Zhílǜ-tíng
|1_zh_tl  = Court of Law Enforcement
|1_ja     = 執律庭
|1_ja_rm  = Shitsuritsu-tei
|1_ja_tl  = Court of Law Enforcement
|1_ko     = 법률 집행청
|1_ko_tl  = 
|1_es     = Oficina Judicial
|1_es_tl  = Judicial Office
|1_fr     = Maison Gardiennage
|1_ru     = Палата Жардинаж
|1_ru_tl  = House of Gardiennage
|1_th     = กรมการปกครอง
|1_th_rm  = Krom kan Pokkhrong
|1_th_tl  = Department of Administration
|1_vi     = Sảnh Chấp Pháp
|1_vi_tl  = Court of Law Enforcement
|1_de     = Maison Gardiennage
|1_id     = Maison Gardiennage
|1_pt     = Maison Gardiennage
|1_tr     = Asayiş Dairesi
|1_tr_tl  = Public Order Department
|1_it     = Maison de la Garde
|1_it_lang = fr
|1_it_tl  = House of the Garde
|2_en     = Special Security and Surveillance Patrol
|2_zhs    = 特巡队
|2_zhs_rm = 
|2_zht    = 特巡隊
|2_zht_rm = 
|2_zh_tl  = 
|2_ja     = 特巡隊
|2_ja_rm  = Tokujun-tai<ref>{{Ref/VO|Chevreuse|初めまして…|ja}}</ref>
|2_ja_tl  = 
|2_ko     = 특별 순찰대
|2_ko_tl  = 
|2_es     = Unidad Especial de Seguridad y Vigilancia
|2_es_tl  = Special Security and Surveillance Unit
|2_fr     = Patrouille de surveillance spéciale
|2_fr_tl  = Special Surveillance Patrol
|2_ru     = Особый патруль по охране и наблюдению
|2_ru_tl  = 
|2_th     = ทีมลาดตระเวนพิเศษ
|2_th_rm  = Team Laadtraven Piset
|2_th_tl  = Special Patrol Team
|2_vi     = Đội Tuần Tra Đặc Biệt
|2_vi_tl  = 
|2_de     = Sonderpatrouille für Sicherheit und Überwachung
|2_de_tl  = Special Patrol for Security and Surveillance
|2_id     = Pasukan Patroli Khusus
|2_id_tl  = 
|2_pt     = Patrulha de Segurança e Monitoramento Especial
|2_pt_tl  = 
|2_tr     = Özel Güvenlik ve Teftiş Devriyesi
|2_tr_tl  = 
|2_it     = Pattuglia speciale di sicurezza e sorveglianza
|2_it_tl  = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Oficina Judicial]]
[[ja:執律庭]]
[[pt-br:Maison Gardiennage]]