{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73264
|image         = World Quest Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields....png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Babel;Paimon;Yevgraf;Ilyusha;Orest
|startLocation = [[Tanit Camps]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|subregion     = Great Red Sand
|area          = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea       = Tanit Camps
|prev          = [[Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...]]
|next          = [[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|rep           = 
|repAmt        = 
|repOrder      = 
}}
'''''Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...''''' is the second part of the [[Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...]] [[World Quest]] series.

The quest starts automatically at the end of ''[[Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...]]''.

== Steps ==
#Wait till the next day (00:00 - 24:00) and ask [[Babel]] again
#Talk to Babel
#Go to the place Babel mentioned
#Proceed to the place Babel mentioned
#Enter the Fatui outpost
#Defeat the Fatui
#*Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire*1;Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard*1}}
#Look for clues as to [[Jeht]]'s whereabouts
#Track down the transferred Fatui
# Defeat the Fatui
#*Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire*1;Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard*1}}
#Pursue the Fatui team ahead
#*Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer*1;Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer*1}}
#Strike the Fatui camp
#Defeat the Fatui
#*Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard*1;Fatui Pyro Agent*1}}
#*Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire*1}}
#Investigate other files

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Jeht has not yet returned to the tribe, and now you can only count on the results of Babel's investigation...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Babel)
:'''Babel:''' Esteemed Master of the Jinni! There is an urgent matter that I need to inform you of!
:'''Babel:''' I was so shocked when I first heard about it... Oh, where should I begin...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What is it?
:'''Babel:''' Jeht... Jeht, she's... I hate to say it, but she... could very well be a traitor to the tribe.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any proof?
:'''Babel:''' Some time earlier, we caught a northerner who knew Jeht. He told us... that Jeht had revealed to them the location of all our outposts. 
:'''Babel:''' If all our outposts are exposed, the actions of the entire Tanit tribe in the desert will be utterly restrained...
:'''Babel:''' What's more, according to him, Jeht has already sent out several batches of assassins, her very target being you... who possesses the Jinni.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!? Isn't that...
:{{DIcon}} Ahem!
:'''Babel:''' If his confession's true, Jeht should be active in their camp. 
:'''Babel:''' And according to our recent reports, the northerners are indeed closing in on our tribe. They have bypassed our sentries and set up camps at a dangerously close distance.
:{{DIcon}} Those are signs, not proof. 
:'''Babel:''' In the desert, no one should take any ominous sign lightly. The excessive speculation of "Jeht is a traitor" is just the worst inference I have made based on the existing signs...
:'''Babel:''' Plus... She hasn't been back for a long time. I'm really worried about her.
:'''Babel:''' Please forgive me for making such a speculation... But I genuinely think of her as my own daughter. No matter what she might've become, it is the consequence of my own mistake... 
:'''Babel:''' Therefore, esteemed Master of the Jinni, I beg you, regardless of the path she has chosen, bring her back to me...
:'''Babel:''' Whether she lives to prove her innocence, or has paid for her missteps.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Tell me where she might be.
:'''Paimon:''' So... did Jeht really betray us?
:'''Babel:''' I'll mark the location of the northerners' forward operating base on your map. Just keep looking in this direction and you won't miss it.
:{{DIcon}} I will find her, figure everything out, and bring her back.
:'''Babel:''' Sorry, it all happened so suddenly... It's hard even for me to accept such a twist.
:'''Babel:''' Please bring her back to me and let me talk to her, will you?
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry. We will!

;(After talking to Babel)
:'''Paimon:''' Babel really cares for Jeht...

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Babel, optional)
:'''Babel:''' (... That child... Caring so much about the welfare of outsiders...)

;(Talk to Babel again, optional)
:'''Babel:''' You're back. Is there any news about Jeht?
:{{DIcon}} I need a bit more time.
::'''Babel:''' Of course... Please, make sure you find her.
:{{DIcon}} About Jeht...
::'''Babel:''' I still cannot fathom why she'd cooperate with those dangerous northerners... Maybe it's those northerners who kidnapped her.
::'''Babel:''' In any case, she would need to either confess to the Tanit or publicly prove her innocence. It's the tribe's rules, and there's nothing I can do about it.
:{{DIcon}} About the Fatui...
::'''Babel:''' As I said before, the Tanit used to have established a trade relationship with them. But soon after, these northerners started planting spies and training moles among us...
::'''Babel:''' Only by then did I realize that the people who sent them to the desert are probably not well-intentioned...
::'''Babel:''' Hence, we expelled those northerners from tribal territory, and only allowed them to settle on the outskirts of the desert.
::'''Babel:''' Who knew that they harbored such... lofty ambitions, and still tried to infiltrate our tribe regardless. Perhaps they heard about the Eternal Oasis...
:{{DIcon}} Bye.
::'''Babel:''' May quicksand and poisonous winds stay away from you, esteemed Master of the Jinni!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|Babel reveals that Jeht might be a traitor and begs you to track her down, but your intuition tells you it's not that simple...}}
----
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the place Babel mentioned)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... According to the route Babel marked for us, we have to go a little further.

;(Proceed to the place Babel mentioned)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon can see the camp now! It's right ahead!

;(Enter the Fatui outpost)
:'''Paimon:''' The location Babel marked... This should be the place! Let's go and find out if Jeht is here!

;(Fight the Fatui)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Password? Wait... We are under attack!

;(Interact with the Investigate prompt)
::'''[[Internal Withdrawal Document]]'''
::Our negotiations with the Tanit tribespeople have been completed. We have made some gains, especially with regard to the tribespeople of the desert encampment, who are willing to hand a young woman over to us for experimentation. This alone might be considered sufficient progress.
::Our other objective, however, cannot be achieved through dealings with this tribe, so we shall cease negotiations at this time and perform several internal personnel transfers. Secrecy must be maintained at all times. We cannot risk raising an unnecessary commotion.
::The codes to be used to confirm the identity of the units and personnel being transferred are as follows. Remember them well, so as to avoid any infiltration on the part of the tribespeople.
::<br />
::(The codes below have been blurred by water. Only some incomplete words remain...)
::<br />
::"Ice Cream"... "Igor L..." "No Tracks"... "Gerardo"...
::<br />
::... "Pierogi"...

;(After reading the document)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... "Gerardo," "Ice Cream," "Pierogi"... They have mixed passwords from different times! Which one's the real password?
:{{DIcon}} Guess we have to try them one by one.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... Paimon has no better idea.
:'''Paimon:''' And it looks like they've moved the location of their main camp! Hmm... This map looks way too ugly! Paimon can only roughly make out the direction they went... 
:'''Paimon:''' Well, let's catch up in the direction they left, shall we?

;(Approach some empty boxes)
:'''Paimon:''' Empty boxes? They haven't been buried by the sand... They must belong to someone who's recently passed by!
:;(Interact with the boxes)
:'''Empty Wooden Box:''' (An empty wooden box, which has not been buried by the sands yet. Obviously, it was just recently abandoned, and the owner should not have gone far.)

;(Approach a pair of shoes)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Shoes? Uh, we shouldn't pick this up...
:;(Interact with the shoes)
:'''Large Military Boots:''' (Apparently, these are military assets belonging to the Fatui Skirmishers. It is unclear how they ended up here. They're already filled with sand...)
:'''Large Military Boots:''' (Wearing these now must be extra tormenting...)

;(Approach an unlit campfire)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, it's a campfire! Hmm... It's just been put out. They can't be far!
:;(Interact with the campfire)
:'''Scattered Matchsticks:''' (An opened matchbox with the Fatui's Delusion logo printed on it. Used matchsticks are scattered around it, yet not buried by the sands.)
:'''Scattered Matchsticks:''' (One cannot help but wonder why the Fatui Skirmishers would use this method to start a fire when they could simply drive elements.)

;(Approach the Fatui camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... The sandstorm is almost blinding Paimon! Huh? is there someone in the sandstorm?
:;(Paimon and the Traveler approach the Fatui personnel)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Who are you? Password!
:'''Paimon:''' Password! What was the one that we found again?
:{{DIcon}} "Gerardo."
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' ...
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Huh? "Gerardo"? What is that? Sounds like some air freshener brand.
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Hey, Ilyusha, "Gerardo"! Does that ring a bell? I've never heard of it.
::'''Ilyusha:''' "Gerardo"? Nah. Is that the brand of the baby powder you use?
::'''Yevgraf:''' Do I look like someone who uses off-brand baby powder? The Mr. Charming Yevgraf, using "Gerardo"!? Am I a joke to you?
::'''Ilyusha:''' Cmon, I was just asking! Why are you so worked up?
::'''Yevgraf:''' How dare you humiliate me and ask me to calm down? Am I someone with such bad taste? Do I look like someone who uses "Gerardo"?
::'''Ilyusha:''' *sigh* Alright, sorry! I apologize, come on! Stop fighting over some baby powder! Anyway, what did you just ask...?
::'''Ilyusha:''' Hold on a sec... Yes, you asked about the password! Ah, I do have a vague impression. Lemme check the password list real quick...
::'''Yevgraf''' Hmph, this is the attitude that my colleague should have!
::'''Yevgraf:''' Hey, you there! Do I look like someone who uses "Gerardo"?
::'''Paimon:''' Eh...?
::{{DIcon}} No...?
::'''Yevgraf:''' See, I told you! I only use Fontaine brands. And listen, if you are looking to buy and skin care or hair products, my advice is all you're gonna need.
::'''Yevgraf:''' Don't get yourself fooled by that stupid "Gerardo." These brands always like to come up with names like that, but they can't even tell you why. They'll just throw fancy words around and pair them with fancy packaging...
::'''Yevgraf:''' And boom! They toss their products onto the shelf and make big money! Money from us simple and honest folks!
::'''Ilyusha:''' Hey, hey, Yevgrash, I found it! The password "Gerardo" was selected by [[Zoya Snezhevna|Captain Zoya]]. It's... uh... her favorite puppy.
::'''Yevgraf:''' Oh! Oh... I-I see.
::'''Yevgraf:''' I-I've never used "Gerardo," actually.
::'''Ilyusha:''' I know, I'll keep it a secret.
::'''Yevgraf:''' Thanks, man.
::'''Paimon:''' ...
::'''Ilyusha:''' But... Well... This password has expired, now that we just changed it. Now it's... Well, it's a little embarrassing, haha. It's that... little... thing.
::'''Yevgraf:''' What? Captain Zoya's cat?
::'''Ilyusha:''' Pfft... Ahem! No. It's another cute little animal. As soft and furry as a cat, but smaller and more docile...
::{{DIcon}} I guess it's bigger than a mouse, but smaller than a ferret.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, what are you doing!? This isn't the time for riddles! We still have business to do!
::'''Yevgraf:''' That's right! And we, too, have serious work on our hands! Sorry, that was the correct password, but unfortunately, it's no longer valid.
::'''Ilyusha:''' Ding ding ding! You're out! Both of you!
::'''Ilyusha:''' Then what was Captain Zoya's order again? Ah, that's right... Those who fail to match the password shall be executed on the spot.
::'''Yevgraf:''' So, uh, sorry, friend. I can't let others know that I've used "Gerardo."
::'''Ilyusha:''' Yeah, we are really sorry...
::'''Ilyusha:''' Wait... What do you mean you've used it!?
::'''Yevgraf:''' Shut up and fire!
:{{DIcon}} "Ice Cream"?
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' ...
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Uh... Nope.
::{{DIcon}} Um... "Pierogi"?
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Nice try. What next? "Cheese"?
::'''Paimon:''' *sigh*
::{{DIcon}} Never mind. Let's just fight.
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Uh... Thanks.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, you've actually got manners!
:{{DIcon}} Look, I just found a boot of yours. ''(Only available if the boots were investigated)''
::'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Huh? Oh, I see... Uh, thanks? Ilyusha? Ilyusha!
::'''Ilyusha:''' Yes, Yevgrash! I heard you!
::'''Ilyusha:''' What's wrong this time? Is it your recycling device? I'm not your mechanic, y'know? I have my own tasks to work on!
::{{DIcon}} What's a recycling device?
::'''Ilyusha:''' It's a... well, special equipment of the desert expedition team. Think of it as a water purification device that can convert the water excreted by the human into drinking water.
::'''Ilyusha:''' In this way, we can not only save the time looking for toilets everywhere, but also produce enough drinking water for ourselves, which is rather important in the desert, don't you think?
::'''Paimon:''' So you're saying... Ewwww!
::{{DIcon}} Fascinating.
::{{DIcon}} Gross.
::'''Yevgraf:''' That's enough. Is this boot yours?
::'''Ilyusha:''' I don't think so. It doesn't smell like mine.
::'''Yevgraf:''' Smell?
::'''Ilyusha:''' I never wash my feet.
::'''Yevgraf:''' Ugh, stay away from me.
::'''Yevgraf:''' Alright, it's not ours. Anything else?
::{{DIcon}} No. Let's fight.
::'''Yevgraf:''' But thanks anyway. After I bury you, I'll ask whose boot it is for you.

;(Defeat the Fatui)
:'''Paimon:''' Let's keep going! There should be more of them ahead!
:'''Paimon:''' Look, there's another group over there!

;(Approach the next group)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Who are you? Password?
:;(Attack the Fatui)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Attack! Attack! Protect the goods!

;(After defeating the Fatui)
:'''???:''' Stop... Please stop hitting me! I'll give you whatever you want!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... These are all daily supplies for camping. Looks like they were taken from a nearby tribe...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees no other clue... (Traveler), let's ask this guy!
:'''???:''' Wait, what do you want to know? I'm not telling you anything. I don't know anything!
:{{DIcon}} Name. Tell us your name.
:'''???:''' What?
:{{DIcon}} She's Paimon, and I'm your worst nightmare. What about you?
:'''???:''' What?
:{{DIcon}} Can you understand me? Yes or no?
:'''???:''' Y&mdash;Yes...
:{{DIcon}} Very well. Your name. Tell me.
:'''Orest:''' O&mdash;Oreste. Private Oreste Snezhevich.
:'''Orest:''' I&mdash;I really don't know anything... I just joined the desert expedition team, and I haven't even familiarized myself with the organization of our forces. You literally can't get anything out of me!
:'''Paimon:''' We haven't asked you anything!
:{{DIcon}} Jeht. Does this name ring any bells?
:'''Orest:''' N&mdash;No...
:{{DIcon}} Liar. Tell me everything you know.
:{{DIcon}} Or you can be like your colleagues.
:'''Paimon:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}} means that if you tell us, we'll let you go!
:'''Orest:''' Wait, wait! I'll talk! I'll tell you everything I know, but that's all I know!
:'''Orest:''' That girl named Jeht... She... she's a monster.
:'''Paimon:''' ...?
:'''Orest:''' They were going to bring her back in a cage... But she woke up and tore the cage apart, and then, the guy standing closest to her... Oh my, poor [[Jophery]]...
:'''Paimon:''' What happened...?
:'''Orest:''' He... he, uh... changed. He became like... like festive confetti...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:'''Orest:''' You know, uh... Sometimes bits of confetti would fly into your mouth and you'd just try to spit them out, right? But, but...
:'''Orest:''' Well, when we realized something was wrong, we realized... that those weren't confetti, it was Jophery...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Stop, stop! Paimon's feeling sick...
:'''Orest:''' What happened later... I wasn't sure. It was all messed up...
:'''Orest:''' Thanks to our medic, Lieutenant [[Muldoon]], who acted fast and saved us all.
:'''Orest:''' "Shoot her! Shoot her!" "Pull out your guns!" He yelled like that. And we fired at her with all the Electro bullets we had that were supposed to paralyze our prey.
:'''Paimon:''' What!? With guns and bullets!? She could die!
:'''Orest:''' Someone already died! One of our people!
:'''Orest:''' *sigh* Anyway, long story short, she's alive and asleep. She fell into a deep slumber this time.
:'''Orest:''' But... the thought of her waking up and going into a rage again, I can't help but... *cough*
:'''Paimon:''' Is Jeht... really that scary?
:'''Orest:''' She... she's not a girl... She's a monster! A real monster!
:{{DIcon}} Calm down.
:{{DIcon}} I get it.
::'''Orest:''' N&mdash;No! You don't get it! H&mdash;How could you possibly get it!?
:'''Orest:''' You... you know, I came to the desert... to do this business. I can earn a lot of Mora, a lot of tax-free Mora every day... *cough* I get to support my family...
:'''Orest:''' I mean... I can afford to send my sister to go to school, an esteemed one... so that she won't be sent to the [[House of the Hearth]] like me...
:'''Orest:''' Well... I'm not saying that the House of the Hearth is terrible or anything, but I want her to have a brighter future, y'know... She's an orphan too, just like me...
:'''Orest:''' She wanted to learn the violin or something... I don't really get those rich people stuff...
:'''Orest:''' Anyway, I was ignorant and naive back then... All I knew was that when I grew up and joined the Fatui, I would be able to make her wish come true...
:'''Orest:''' Sorry, my apologies... I must've talked too much... *cough* I wasn't trying to win your sympathy or anything, I just wanted to say...
:'''Orest:''' ...that I did not join the Fatui just to suffer like this!
:'''Paimon:''' (Wow... Is Jeht so scary when she gets angry...?)
:{{DIcon}} Tell me where she is and you can go home.
:'''Orest:''' Th&mdash;Thanks... I'll mark the location on your map.
:'''Orest:''' See this camp? It's the transfer station where we transported her. Even if she's not there, you should be able to find the next location.
:'''Orest:''' If possible, when you arrive at this camp, can you warn my colleagues and officers for me?
:'''Orest:''' Uh, just let them get rid of that nightmare as soon as possible... Our mission has already failed, and there can be no results.
:'''Paimon:''' What about you? Aren't you going back?
:'''Orest:''' No... As long as they insist on capturing her alive, I dare not to go back.
:{{DIcon}} We are better at beating people than passing on messages.
:{{DIcon}} I'll make sure everyone is well-persuaded.
:'''Orest:''' Thanks... If that's all, I'll be leaving now.
:'''Paimon:''' You can go now! Don't go back to the camp or we will beat you again!

:'''Oreste limped away, and his lonely figure quickly faded into the desert...'''

:'''Paimon:''' Alright, we should leave as well! The next camp isn't too far away.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|It is now clear that Jeht has been kidnapped by the Fatui, and her future is up in the air. She needs to be found as soon as possible.}}
----
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Fatui camp)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' The "Red Ball Express" is in good shape and has been delivered to the target location. The people in charge of logistics are also required to send additional personnel to the rear to transport all "homebound items" and that "active item"...
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Such a great loss...
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' [[Ruslan Snezhevich|Lieutenant Ruslan]] left early in the morning... The vital signs of the "Red Ball Express" are rather erratic. Maybe the calming measures were a little too much... Heh, who knows?
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' He's looking for [[Froderock Fronkonsteen|Professor Froderock]]. That... weirdo should be able to make it... her... freshen up again. *sigh* But I still don't think it's a good idea.  
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Wait... who are you guys? To arms!
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Why are we always getting attacked?

;(Defeat the Fatui)
:'''Paimon:''' Jeht isn't here... She must've been transported again. Oh no, what if she's already left the desert?
:'''Paimon:''' These guys are throwing classified documents everywhere again. Let's see what they've left behind!

;(Investigate the first spot)
::'''Fatui Letter'''
::To Lieutenant Ruslan Snezhevich:
::...Make arrangements for our Sumpter Beast train according to orders. Transport the intelligence we finished organizing the previous day in the desert, the research materials, and other items in waves to the southern harbor, and hand them over to our contact within 15 days.
::...This information must not be leaked: Go make a comfy little nest for my Gerardo in the highest-priority Sumpter Beast train without delay! Make sure you also prep some canned food and water!
::...Anyway, Rusya, I applied for high water privileges for you, so don't let me catch you stinking when you come and find me again.
::<br />
::Fatui Desert Expedition Investigation Team Security Overseer,
::Captain Zoya Snezhevna
:'''Paimon:''' There's nothing about Jeht... Let's keep looking and see if there're any other files at the camp.

;(Investigate the second spot)
::'''Preliminary Test on Experimental Subject'''
::To My Teacher, Froderock Fronkonsteen:
::...In summary, though the Tanit tribe is willing to negotiate with us and will lure a "traitor to the tribe" into a pre-arranged ambush, such that we may capture them...
::...I recommend that we perform careful examinations of any experimental subjects we may obtain, just in case they try to pull some dirty tricks...
::...Captain Zoya is very displeased with this deal. She notes that not only have we been constrained at every turn by that dastardly desert woman, but we have now been relegated to the role of servants helping the desert folk to clean up their internal messes, even at cost to ourselves... and such... I must say that this does indeed impugn upon our honor as Fatui...
::...The above is enclosed for your reference, such that you may have the firmest grasp possible of the situation...
::Vice Expedition Commander,
::Lieutenant Ruslan Snezhevich
::<br />
::...
::(Enclosed below is a table of records that shows a multi-factor physical inspection of a Tanit tribeswoman named "Jeht." It seems that the examiner evaluates her physical state rather highly.)
::Most excellent! To be honest, previous experience had me worried that these desert folk might just give us some infirm wretch from their number and call it generosity. But no! This subject's health is well beyond expectations, and does indeed have a fair amount of value...
::...I urge you to consider, Captain Zoya, that if we are able to complete this research work in the desert, perhaps our entire expeditionary force may receive the favor of our [[Il Dottore|great Harbinger]]...
::(This line has been crossed out using a red pen, and a line in red has been added: "How about you consider military regulations? Or perhaps you would like to consider how long you have left to live?")
::<br />
::...We must complete our transfer to an exfiltration point and close the deal post-haste. Wait for the arrival of the "transfer notification" to be advised on follow-up actions.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... There's another document mentioned here. Why don't we search that one, too?

;(Investigate the third spot)
::'''Transfer Notification'''
::...The "Preliminary Test on Experimental Subject" indicates that we have obtained a rather satisfactory "active item."
::...Initiate the transfer of the "homebound item" we obtained from the deal with the Tanit tribe right after dawn...
::...Follow the exfiltration crew to the valley shown.
::...
::<nowiki>***</nowiki>The subject is emotionally agitated and physically strong. Be sure to apply the specialized sedative formulation if signs of imminent awakening are detected.
::Transfer Code: "Red Ball Express."
::<br />
::Act with prudence in all things.
:'''Paimon:''' That's how it is... They're taking Jeht to the canyon!

;(After reading the third document)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... It seems that someone in the tribe is working with the Fatui, that's why Jeht... Ugh! Who could it be?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's the same person who framed Jeht for her rebellion...
::'''Paimon:''' Then we'd better find Jeht first and fast. She's still in great danger, and now, the Tanit tribe is no longer a safe place either.
:{{DIcon}} We must find Jeht first and fast.
::'''Paimon:''' You're right. After all, she's still in great danger. We must find her soon and figure out what's going on!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's hurry!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Lieutenant Muldoon yelling ''"Shoot her! Shoot her!"'' is a reference to the movie ''{{w|Jurassic Park}}'', where a character of the same rank and name yells this phrase, referring to a particularly ferocious Velociraptor.

===Etymology===
* Like the other quests and Achievements in ''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...'', the quest name has biblical origins. The quotes come from passages about the fall of {{w|Babylon}}, called ''Babel'' in the Hebrew Bible.
** The name is derived from {{w|Jeremiah 51|Jeremiah 51:11}} (King James Version): ''"Make bright the arrows; gather the shields: the Lord hath raised up the spirit of the kings of the Medes: for his device is against Babylon, to destroy it; because it is the vengeance of the Lord, the vengeance of his temple."''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...
|zhs     = 磨尖箭头，抓住盾牌…
|zhs_rm  = Mójiān Jiàntóu, Zhuāzhù Dùnpái...
|zht     = 磨尖箭頭，抓住盾牌…
|zht_rm  = Mójiān Jiàntóu, Zhuāzhù Dùnpái...
|zh_tl   = Sharpen the Arrowheads, Grasp the Shields...
|ja      = 矢先を磨き、盾を握る…
|ja_rm   = Yasaki wo Migaki, Tate wo Nigiru...
|ja_tl   = Sharpen the Arrowheads, Grasp the Shields...
|ko      = 날카로운 화살촉과 꽉 붙잡은 방패…
|ko_tl   = A Sharp Arrowhead and a Clasped Shield...
|es      = Flechas afiladas y escudos en alto
|es_tl   = Sharpened Arrows and Raised Shields
|fr      = Flèches aiguisées, boucliers levés
|fr_tl   = Sharpened Arrows, Raised Shields
|ru      = Наточите стрелы, приготовьте щиты...
|ru_tl   = Sharpen Arrows, Prepare Shields...
|th      = ลับศรให้คม คว้าโล่ให้มั่น...
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mài Nhọn Mũi Tên, Cầm Chắc Tấm Khiên...
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schärft die Pfeile und packt die Schilde&nbsp;...
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Asah Panahnya, Genggam Perisainya&nbsp;....
|id_tl   = Sharpen the Arrow, Grasp the Shield...
|pt      = Flechas Afiadas, Escudos Levantados
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Okları Bileyin, Kalkanlar Havaya...
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Appuntite le frecce, imbracciate gli scudi...
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}