{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Malinovskyi.png
|region           = Snezhnaya
|region2          = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fatui
|title            = Quite Agile... For Some Reason
}}
Lieutenant '''Malinovskyi''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|In Search of Lost Time}}.

==Profile==
Malinovskyi is the commander of the 34th Independent Investigative Squad. He and his men were sent to [[Fontaine]] for a relatively easy mission. A few days after they arrived, Malinovskyi was given [[Shumilov]] as his deputy due to changes in his chain of command. Malinovskyi immediately disliked his new deputy due to his extreme adherence to maintaining discipline. Though he was his superior officer, Malinovskyi realized that he could not refute his subordinate's demands and couldn't tell him that no one wanted to work in front of him. 

After seeing several towers, Malinovskyi decided to "investigate" them, forging [[Maison Gestion]] papers to look as if they were on official duty, though it was simply his means of getting away from Shumilov. Eventually, after collecting data from the towers, the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]] and [[Broglie]] run into him at the central processing station. He quickly runs away but is eventually caught by the trio, admitting to why he and his men were at the towers. Since they had collected some data and didn't damage anything, Brogile asks the Traveler to let him go, which they reluctantly do. Malinovskyi is grateful for their mercy and leaves, promising to do his best in slacking off by himself.

===Appearance===
Malinovskyi takes on the form of a [[Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*Malinovskyi, may be inspired by {{Lang|{{w|Rodion Malinovsky}}|ru=Родион Малиновский|ru_rm={{#invoke:ru-rm|main|Родион Малиновский}}}}, a Soviet military commander and Marshal of the Soviet Union. 
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Malinovskyi
|zhs     = 马林诺夫斯基
|zhs_rm  = Mǎlínnuòfūsījī
|zht     = 馬林諾夫斯基
|zht_rm  = Mǎlínnuòfūsījī
|ja      = マリノフスキー
|ko      = 말리놉스키
|es      = Malinovski
|fr      = Malinovskyi
|ru      = Малиновский
|th      = Malinovskyi
|vi      = Malinovskyi
|de      = Malinovskyi
|id      = Malinovskyi
|pt      = Malinovskyi
|tr      = Malinovskyi
|it      = Malinovskyi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}