{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|group            = Melusine
|image            = NPC Mamere.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Mamere''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] located in [[Elynas]], [[Fontaine]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Mamere is a painter. Unlike her fellow Melusines, Mamere could still hear her "[[Elynas (NPC)|father]]"; as her fellow kin could not, they believed it to be one of her imaginary friends. She would frequently use his blood to create paintings. At some point, she would also discover [[Seymour]], a damaged [[Recon Log Mek]] and put it in her care.

During the events of [[Ancient Colors]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] found Mamere in Elynas, surrounded by [[Kaykaus]], [[Irus]] and [[Kaykubad]]. The three Eremites were hired by [[Jakob]] to buy Mamere's paintings, as he wanted to use the blood to revive Elynas without resorting to violent methods and thus posed to her as an art appreciator. The Traveler and Paimon, believing that Mamere was being harassed, drove the Eremites away by force or persuasion, upon which she thanked them. She revealed that she would have given the paintings to them, but because they were offering [[Mora]] that she had no interest for, she believed it was not "business".

Mamere then gave them instructions to [[Merusea Village]] and they caught up to her in her home, where they helped her collect some paint. At the same time, Jakob and the Eremites arrived at her home and made a mess of it before Seymour reactivated and drove them off before powering down. "Father" then proceeded to instruct Mamere on how to repair Seymour and they collected various parts from other Melusines. Jakob continued with his plan to revive Elynas, which caused Mamere some pain, but the Traveler was able to stop Elynas' heart from restarting, saving the Melusines. With the "time of life" that Jakob had given him, Elynas thanked the Traveler and asked him to convey his blessings to Mamere, which they did. Mamere then made a painting of them and gave it to them. Once Seymour was finally fixed, he told her that he would temporarily leave her to find his [[Mary-Ann|master]], which she reluctantly accepted. She then bid farewell to the three and left to resume painting.

The Traveler would eventually help Seymour discover his master, convincing her to accept the present and leave her "ideal" story behind. During the meeting, Mary-Ann and Ann suggested to go on a trip around Teyvat to see the world created by [[Alain Guillotin|Guillotin]]. To help Seymour's wish of accompanying both Mary-Ann and Mamere, Mary-Ann suggested that she travel with them, which Seymour found logical. They then returned to Merusea Village, where Mamere was delighted to see Seymour again and learned of the trip they planned to make, which she also accepted and set out with them. Before she went on the trip, she left behind a [[A Painting Left For You|painting]] for them to take, depicting her, the Traveler and Paimon.

===Appearance===
Mamere is a teal melusine with short orange hair and purple eyes, she wears gray dress with a blue stain on the right sleeve and a pink stain on the left sleeve, she wears a blue apron with orange, white, yellow and green stains on it, she wears a blue and green beret.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
--><!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Mamere
|zhs     = 玛梅赫
|zhs_rm  = Mǎméihè
|zht     = 瑪梅赫
|zht_rm  = Mǎméihè
|ja      = マメール
|ja_rm   = Mameeru
|ko      = 마메흐
|es      = Maime
|fr      = Mamère
|ru      = Мамер
|th      = Mamere
|vi      = Mamere
|de      = Mamère
|id      = Mamere
|pt      = Maime
|tr      = Mamere
|it      = Mamère
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->