{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Manga Webtoon Thumb.jpg
|type         = Genshin Impact
|type2        = Lore
}}
The ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' '''manga''' can be read on the [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/manga official website] or on [https://www.webtoons.com/en/challenge/genshin-impact/list?title_no=242646 Webtoon] in 13 different languages. There is no regular schedule for manga updates, and only the [https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/manga Simplified Chinese], [https://genshin.mihoyo.com/ja/manga Japanese] and [https://genshin.mihoyo.com/ko/manga Korean] versions are up-to-date at 16 chapters. It is produced by [[HoYoverse]] and illustrated by multiple artists, with each chapter having different teams of varying artists.

Chapters 1 through 13 in English were posted from November 2018 to January 2020.

The manga is set before the events of the game's main story. Notably, it elaborates on [[Vennessa]], [[Fatui]] involvement in [[Mondstadt]], [[Diluc]] and [[Kaeya]]'s background as mentioned in their character stories, and the events that led [[Collei]] to become who she is in-game.

==Descriptions==
{{Description|[[Teyvat]] is a world blessed by the 7 [[Element]]al [[Archon]]s.<br><br>Though the [[Cataclysm|calamity]] the world suffered has ceased, and the lands have slowly healed, peace has yet to be restored to [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], the city of wind.<br><br>The domineering [[Fatui]] have been oppressing the surrounding city-states, under the guise of protection, while an ancient darkness is seeking a chance for revenge...|Official Website Description}}
{{Description|Aeons ago, the elder elemental [[god]]s granted civilization to the human race, but the world soon splintered as corruption and greed grew without check. Can the forces holding this world together be balanced against human desires, or is everything ultimately doomed to end in destruction?|Webtoon Description}}

==Chapter List==
{{#DPL:
|namespace=
|category=Manga Chapter
|uses=Template:Manga Infobox
|include={Manga Infobox}:chapter:title,{Description}:1
|table=class="wikitable sortable tdc1",-,Chapter,Title,Description
|tablerow=%%,[[%PAGE%|%%]],%%
|ordermethod=sortkey
|resultsheader=There are '''%PAGES%''' manga chapters:\n
}}

==Character Appearances==
===Mondstadt===
====Knights of Favonius====
* [[Jean]]
* [[Lisa]]
* [[Amber]]
* [[Diluc]]
* [[Kaeya]]
* [[Vennessa]]
* [[Eroch]]

====Lawrence Clan====
* [[Lord Lawrence]]
* [[Barca Lawrence]]

====Others====
* [[Anthony (Manga)|Anthony]]
* [[Crepus]]
* [[Lind]]
* [[Seamus Pegg]]
* [[Scullion]]
* [[Venti]]
* [[Traveler]]

===Snezhnaya===
====Fatui====
* [[Il Dottore]]
* [[Krupp]]

===Sumeru===
* [[Collei]]
* [[Cyno]]
* [[Barnabas]]

==Trivia==
*  The Prologue, ''[[Songs of the Wind]]'' was removed from [https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/manga Genshin Impact's official CHS website] in April 2021. The "Manga" entry on the site is now sorted starting with Chapter 1, ''[[Bad Wine]]'', but the prologue is still available in all other localizations.
* The artists are only credited on the cover pages of the Simplified and Traditional Chinese versions.
* The clothes [[Amber]] wears in Chapter 8's flashback are the ones she gives [[Collei]] to wear in Chapters 9–12.
* There are some inconsistencies between the manga and in-game information. However, the manga appears to still be canon overall.
** The wing-like designs on the backs of [[Mondstadt]] [[Vision]]s are inconsistently shown in the manga and sometimes change sides, even for the same character.<!-- not an exhaustive list:
Amber: Chapter 2 when they're about to see off the Fatui delegates (matches in-game), Chapter 9 at the beginning (does not match in-game);
Diluc: Chapter 7 flashback when Crepus is... disintegrating (matches in-game, but the back side is facing outward), Chapter 8 when he resigns (matches in-game);
Kaeya: Chapter 2 when he's listening to the Fatui delegates before the KoF see them off (matches in-game), Chapter 6 when he's interrogating Collei (matches in-game), Chapter 7 when he's interrogating Collei before Amber arrives (does not match in-game)-->
** There is a probable lingua franca script used on various papers throughout the manga, such as in Chapters 5 and 9, that appears to be a placeholder script, as it is the same few lines repeated and has not appeared in-game or in any official media post-launch. In addition, in Chapter 5, there is a circular stamp reading "THE CHIVALRY OF THE WEST WIND - MONDE LIBRARY" in English. The regular use of English as-is in Mondstadt has not appeared since then and has likely been scrapped.
***  The [[Teyvat Language]] appears in Chapter 16 when [[Lisa]] is helping Collei write her letter.
** The timeline involving [[Diluc]] has several discrepancies or otherwise unclear points.
*** The events of the manga happen in at least three days, which means that Diluc &mdash; who hosted a large party at the beginning of the manga with esteemed guests such as [[Seamus Pegg]] &mdash; had already been back in Mondstadt for at least three days by the time he received his Vision in the vase. This conflicts with [[Diluc/Lore#Vision|his Vision story]], which says that he took up his Vision the same day he returned to Mondstadt.
*** In the manga, Diluc hosted a large party that Seamus Pegg attended in Chapter 1, [[Crepus]]' death happened 3 years before present day, and [[Jean]] is said to be Acting Grand Master in Chapter 11. However, the wording of [[Diluc/Lore#Character Story 5|Diluc's Character Story 5]] indicates that although Diluc's "solitary sojourn" lasted for 3 years, by the time Diluc returned to Mondstadt, not only had 4 years already passed instead, but [[Varka]] was already gone on an expedition, leaving Jean as Acting Grand Master. This expedition is assumed to be the one he is currently on, which Seamus Pegg is part of.
**** Possible non-retcon resolutions for this discrepancy include Varka's expedition departing during the manga, the existence of a second Seneschal Seamus, Varka's current expedition not being the first time Jean was appointed as Acting Grand Master, and Diluc's Character Story 5 needing to be read as an indicator of the present-day situation instead of as a story of Diluc's return. (It is not possible to resolve this discrepancy by making a distinction between private and public returns to Mondstadt, because Diluc is known to be in Mondstadt throughout the manga, starting with the grand party he hosted in Chapter 1 with many guests, including esteemed guests, in attendance.)
** Chapter 7, ''[[Dusty Chest]]'', originally showed [[Kaeya]] with his Vision at the time of Crepus' death. His Vision in that scene was later removed from the manga on the official ''Genshin Impact'' website.
** A [[Cat's Tail Message Board#About Collei...|message]] on [[The Cat's Tail]] Message Board mentions a girl whose description matches Collei.
** The vase given by Kaeya to Diluc in Chapter 16 can be found in-game in the [[Dawn Winery]] and is also mentioned during {{Quest|A Child's Secret}}.
*** [[Sumida]], who is an ordinary human but has multiple dialogue lines that appear to be meta due to being an author with a highly active imagination, appears to reference the vase [[Sumida#Liyue Harbor|when she is in Liyue Harbor]].
** Information on Collei found in-game and in other official media after the launch of ''Genshin Impact'' aligns with the information found in the manga, including her backstory and the time she spent in Mondstadt.

===Translation=== 
* The manga goes by different titles in different languages: in Traditional Chinese it is ''Yuanshen Project'' ({{zh|原神PROJECT}}; its official Chinese name), in Japanese, it is called ''Genshin Selevents'' ({{ja|原神セレベンツ}}), and the English name goes with ''Genshin Impact''.
* Each language went at its own pace of translating.
* Simplified Chinese and Japanese are the only languages that do not split its chapters into parts.
* In the English version, some terms are translated differently than in the game; for example, the Knights of Favonius are called Ordo Favonius.
* [[Il Dottore]]'s name was misspelled as Il ''Dotorre'' in the original Chinese version, which carried over into the English translation. However, the English translation corrected this error in later chapters.

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Media}}
{{Manga Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}

[[Category:Manga Chapters| ]]

[[es:Manga]]
[[id:Manga]]
[[ja:漫画]]
[[pl:Manga]]
[[pt-br:Mangá]]
[[ru:Манга]]
[[th:มังงะ]]
[[tr:Manga]]
[[vi:Manga]]
[[zh:漫畫]]