{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70709; 70710; 70711
|image         = Manly Jack Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Galesong Hill]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|characters    = Manly Jack; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Mondstadt
}}
'''''Manly Jack's Manly Journey of Manliness''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
* [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]]/[[Mondstadt Grilled Fish]] Versions:
*# Give [[Manly Jack]] three servings of Chicken-Mushroom Skewer/Mondstadt Grilled Fish
* [[Steak]] Version:
*# Give two steaks {{sic|for|hide=1}} Manly Jack

==Request Details==
===Chicken-Mushroom Skewer/Mondstadt Grilled Fish===
Help Needed:<br>
How do I become a real manly man?<br>
I've hear people say that a real manly man has to experience lots of adventures.<br>
I've also heard them say that eating meat can make you stronger. If I get strong enough, I should be able to take on any adventure, right?<br>
So if anyone's willing to lend me a hand, please bring {{Color|buzzword|three servings of (Chicken-Mushroom Skewer/Mondstadt Grilled Fish)}}.<br>
I will definitely become a manly man!

===Steaks===
Help Needed:<br>
Does eating meat really make you stronger?<br>
I definitely don't feel any stronger...<br>
Maybe I haven't eaten enough yet?<br>
That's what I've been thinking, at least &mdash; that I've got to get more meat in my system.<br>
If anyone's willing to give me a hand, get me {{Color|buzzword|two steaks}}.<br>
I reckon that steaks should be enough meat, right?

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Manly Jack]] needs three [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]]s/three servings of [[Mondstadt Grilled Fish]]/two [[Steak]]s.}}
===Chicken-Mushroom Skewer/Mondstadt Grilled Fish===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Manly Jack)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Need some (Chicken-Mushroom Skewer/Mondstadt Grilled Fish)?
:'''Manly Jack:''' I guess you saw that commission, huh? Nice! Wow, do you have three servings of (requested item) for me?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, here they are.
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Manly Jack:''' Wow, these (Chicken-Mushroom Skewer/Mondstadt Grilled Fish) smell pretty good...
::'''Manly Jack:''' Oh, yeah. Here's something to thank you for your help.
::'''Manly Jack:''' Will this stuff make me manlier, I wonder...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Manly Jack:''' Well, just bring them to me once you've got all three.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Steaks===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Manly Jack)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} You need some Steaks?
:'''Manly Jack:''' Yeah! You must have seen my commission, then.
:'''Manly Jack:''' So did you bring them both?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, here they are.
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Manly Jack:''' Mm, now that smells great! The portion's pretty good, too.
::'''Manly Jack:''' Here, take these.
::'''Manly Jack:''' Eating these will surely make me a manlier man...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Manly Jack:''' Sure. Just make sure you get them to me as soon as they're ready.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Manly Jack's Manly Journey of Manliness
|zhs     = 男子汉杰克的男子汉之路
|zhs_rm  = Nánzǐhàn Jiékè de Nánzǐhàn zhī Lù
|zht     = 男子漢傑克的男子漢之路
|zht_rm  = Nánzǐhàn Jiékè de Nánzǐhàn zhī Lù
|zh_tl   = Manly Man Jack's Path of A Manly Man
|ja      = 漢のジャックと漢の道
|ja_rm   = Otoko no Jakku to Otoko no Michi
|ja_tl   = Manly Jack and Manly Journey
|ko      = 사나이 잭의 대장부의 길
|ko_rm   = Sanai Jaek-ui Daejangbu-ui Gil
|ko_tl   = Manly Jack's Road to a Strong Man
|es      = El varonil camino del Varonil Jack
|es_tl   = The Manly Way of Manly Jack
|fr      = La virile quête de la virilité de Jack le viril
|fr_tl   = The Manly Search of Manhood of Jack the Manly
|ru      = Мужественный путь мужественного Джека
|ru_tl   = The Manly Way of Manly Jack
|th      = หนทางลูกผู้ชายของ Jack ลูกผู้ชายตัวจริง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Con đường đàn ông đích thực của Jack
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Jacks Weg zur Männlichkeit
|de_tl   = Jack's Way to Manliness
|id      = Jalan Pria Sejati dari Manly Jack
|id_tl   = The True Manly Path from Manly Jack
|pt      = O Caminho para a Masculinidade de Jack Viril
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Cesur Jack'in Cesaret Yolculuğu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il virile viaggio verso la virilità di Jack il Virile
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:漢のジャックと漢の道]]
[[pt-br:O Caminho para a Masculinidade de Jack Viril]]