{{About|the [[:Category:Historical Characters|Historical Character]]|the present-day NPC|Manqu}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Manqu
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC_Manqu.png
|caption          = The original Manqu can be inferred to look identical to the NPC Manqu.
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|affiliationNote  = Based on the appearance of the NPC Manqu who is mimicking him
|title            = Masterful Craftsman
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Manqu''', also referred to as the '''masterful craftsman''' and various similar aliases, is a historical character from [[Natlan]]. 

According to legend, [[Sakkuk]] ordered his name to be blotted from history.<ref name="Crownless">{{Ref/Arti|Crownless Crown}}</ref> However, his identity is revealed to the player via a [[Ashflow Street#Recordkeeping Secret Source Sentinel|Recordkeeping Secret Source Sentinel]] in [[Ochkanatlan]].

==Profile==
Manqu was once a member of the six tribes and, as his epithets imply, was a skilled artisan who had a reputation of creating objects which would enthrall the viewer. At some point, his skill found himself recruited into the "insane king" [[Och-Kan]]'s excavation project in [[Ochkanatlan (Civilization)|Ochkanatlan]]. However, after probing the "depths of the secrets," Och-Kan attempted to burn it all down, along with all those who knew about it (including the artisans). Somehow, Manqu saw in the flames another path out of the ruins, as well as [[Iridescent Inscription|"flowing golden patterns"]] and "the manifold iron rules that established the empire that stretched far and wide." He ultimately escaped, but was permanently marred by the fire.<ref name="Wine-Flask">{{Ref/Arti|The Wine-Flask Over Which the Plan Was Hatched}}</ref>

Manqu then became a "beggar" and "drunkard" until he crossed paths with Sakkuk, who was chasing rumors surrounding him on behalf of the Scarlet-Eyed Hero's group.<ref name="Emerald Tail">{{Ref/Arti|Faded Emerald Tail}}</ref> On [[Yupanqui]]'s recommendation, they were hoping that he would be able to give them the layout of Ochkanatlan and help them maneuver the mechanisms.<ref name="Dark Fruit">{{Ref/Arti|Dark Fruit of Bright Flowers}}</ref> After learning that she was the daughter of the [[Nanatzcayan]] tribe's late leader, for whom he once created a [[Faded Emerald Tail|quetzal tail accessory]], Manqu agreed to aid her in her quest for vengeance against the king. He also quickly grew enamored with her, but understood that her heart already belonged to another.<ref name="Emerald Tail" /> 

Over time, Manqu and Sakkuk developed a close relationship. He agreed to remake the feather accessory for her after the war, and she promised to forge him an [[Crownless Crown|emerald crown]] in return. However, he was slain by a [[Abyss|"black beast"]] in the conflict. After the war ended and authority was returned to the tribes, Sakkuk collected all of his creations &mdash; even forgeries &mdash; and at the end of her life, departed with all the genuine articles, never to be seen again. According to legend, her final orders were to blot his name out from history,<ref name="Crownless" /> and his role as the mastermind behind the rebellion became obfuscated over time.<ref name="Moment">{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Attainment}}</ref>

It is later revealed that Manqu did actually remake Sakkuk's feather accessory before his death, leaving it in a stone box on his table. <ref>Interactable: [[Ashflow Street#Recordkeeping Secret Source Sentinel|Recordkeeping Secret Source Sentinel]]</ref> It is unclear if Sakkuk ever discovered it.

===Appearance===
The masterful craftsman's face was badly disfigured by the fire that nearly claimed his life, the flesh on that half of his face described as a "melted slurry of blood."<ref name="Wine-Flask" /> 

<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Manqu
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = 
|ko      = 
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = 
|fr      = 
|ru      = 
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = 
|de      = 
|id      = 
|pt      = 
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}
-->
==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Manqu (Hábil artesano)]]
[[vi:Người Thợ Thủ Công Khéo Léo]]