[[Version 3.4]]
* Added markers for [[Teleport Waypoint]]s and [[Domain]]s in non-outdoor areas.
* Added [[Desert of Hadramaveth]] to [[Sumeru]].
----
[[Version 3.3]]
* Added "Search for Player" toggle for [[Genius Invokation TCG]].
* Added [[The Cat's Tail]] to [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]].
* Added [[City of Gold]] Domain to [[Khaj-Nisut]], [[Land of Lower Setekh]], [[Sumeru]].
----
[[Version 3.2]]
* Added [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]] to [[Sumeru City]], [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]].
* Added [[Joururi Workshop]] Domain to [[Sumeru City]], [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]].
----
[[Version 3.1]]
* Added [[Hypostyle Desert]], [[Land of Lower Setekh]], and [[Land of Upper Setekh]] to [[Sumeru]].
* Added [[Aeonblight Drake]] to [[Devantaka Mountain]], [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Sumeru]].
* Added [[Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network]] to [[The Dune of Elusion]], [[Hypostyle Desert]], [[Sumeru]].
* Added [[Garden of Endless Pillars]], [[Red Desert Threshold]], and [[Altar of Mirages]] Domains to [[Sumeru]].
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Added [[Sumeru]] Tab.
* Added [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Ashavan Realm]], [[Avidya Forest]], [[Lokapala Jungle]], [[Lost Nursery]], [[Vanarana]], and [[Vissudha Field]] to [[Sumeru]].
* Added [[Jadeplume Terrorshroom]] to [[Vissudha Field]], [[Sumeru]].
* Added [[Electro Regisvine]] to [[Mawtiyima Forest]], [[Lokapala Jungle]], [[Sumeru]].
* Added [[The Coordinates of Sun and Rain]], [[Tower of Abject Pride]], [[Fragment of Childhood Dreams]], [[The Dark Valley]], [[Under the Umbrella's Shade]], [[Steeple of Ignorance]], and [[Spire of Solitary Enlightenment]] Domains to [[Sumeru]].
----
{{Transclude|Tsurumi Island/Change History|fog-tp-sot7-interaction|section=1}}
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* Added [[The Chasm]] to [[Liyue]].
* Added [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] Tab.
* Added [[Ruin Serpent]] to [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]], [[Liyue]].
* Updated sound effect of the Replenish Original Resin button.
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* Added [[Three Realms Gateway Offering]] Tab for the duration of the event.
* Added [[End of the Oneiric Euthymia]] to [[Mt. Yougou]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* [[Original Resin]] Replenishment window will now have the exchange button greyed out upon reaching the maximum number of times.
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Added [[Enkanomiya]] Tab.
* Added [[Coral Defenders]] to [[Enkanomiya]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Jade Chamber]] to [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]].
* Replaced Teyvat Tab with Mondstadt, Liyue, and Inazuma Tabs.
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* Added [[Golden Wolflord]] to [[Tsurumi Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Slumbering Court]] to [[Seirai Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added map icon to [[Alcor]].
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Added [[Tsurumi Island]] to [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Moshiri Kara]] to [[Tsurumi Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* [[Daily Commission]] icons are visible at 100% zoom.
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Added [[Watatsumi Island]] and [[Seirai Island]] to [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Thunder Manifestation]] to [[Seirai Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Hydro Hypostasis]] to [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Narukami Island: Tenshukaku]] to [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Palace in a Pool]] to [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added Fishing Point map pin type.
* Fixes an issue on the map whereby a small island south of Ritou was displayed in the Inazuma region (the island does not actually exist in the game).
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Added [[Inazuma]] to [[Teyvat]].
* Added [[Narukami Island]], [[Yashiori Island]], and [[Kannazuka]] to [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Pyro Hypostasis]] to [[Kannazuka]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Perpetual Mechanical Array]] to [[Jinren Island]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Relocated [[Maguu Kenki]] to [[Serpent's Head]], [[Yashiori Island]], [[Inazuma]].
* Added [[Court of Flowing Sand]], [[Violet Court]], [[Momiji-Dyed Court]], [[Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates]], [[Shakkei Pavilion]], [[Formation Estate]] Domains to [[Inazuma]].
* Maximum number of map pins increased from 99 to 150.
* Added [[Sub-Space Waypoint]]s to the [[Serenitea Pot]], which show up as markers and can be teleported to in the [[Serenitea Pot]] tab.
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* Added [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] Tab for the duration of the [[Midsummer Island Adventure]] event.
* Added [[Maguu Kenki]] to [[Twinning Isle/1.6|Twinning Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]].
* [[Spiral Abyss]] Progress and [[Original Resin]] positions at the top right of the map were swapped from "Spiral Abyss - Original Resin" to "Original Resin - Spiral Abyss".
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* Added Map Tabs
* Added [[Serenitea Pot]] Tab.
* Added [[Cryo Hypostasis]] to [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]].
* Added [[Beneath the Dragon-Queller]] to [[Nantianmen]], [[Minlin]], [[Liyue]].
* Added [[Ridge Watch]] to [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]].
* Renamed Mt. Aozang to [[Mt. Aocang]].
----
[[Version 1.4]]
* Fixed bridge in [[Bishui Plain]] which previously appeared in the wrong place.
----
[[Version 1.3]]
* Added [[Primo Geovishap]] to [[Tianqiu Valley]], [[Minlin]], [[Liyue]].
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* Added [[Dragonspine]] to [[Mondstadt]].
* Re-added ceiling hole above [[Cryo Regisvine]].
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* Added Exploration Progress when fully zoomed out and at bottom right of map.
* Added [[Enter the Golden House]] to [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]].
* Removed ceiling hole above [[Cryo Regisvine]].
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Map was released with:
** [[Mondstadt]]
*** [[Brightcrown Mountains]]
*** [[Galesong Hill]]
*** [[Starfell Valley]]
*** [[Windwail Highland]]
** [[Liyue]]
*** [[Bishui Plain]]
*** [[Lisha]]
*** [[Minlin]]
*** [[Qiongji Estuary]]
*** [[Sea of Clouds]]
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>