{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73353
|image         = Event Quest Mapping Dreams and Reality.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dharmakirti; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses/Interreflection of Reality and Dreams|Interreflection of Reality and Dreams]] subevent.
}}
'''''Mapping Dreams and Reality''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Dharmakirti

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A certain Amurta researcher is looking for volunteers for her psychotherapy experiment...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Dharmakirti)
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Excuse me. Are you {{Traveler}}, by any chance?
:{{DIcon}} That's me.
:{{DIcon}} What can I do for you?
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Ah, good! Good thing I didn't get the wrong person.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Dharmakirti, a Dastur from Amurta.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' We've heard of you, of course, but in truth, we don't know much about you.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' But we've been doing research on dreamscapes lately, and the Dendro Archon informed us that you were the most cool-headed person she's ever seen when distinguishing dreams from reality.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, she flatters me...
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Nay, don't be so modest. Anyway, that's precisely what our project is about, and our data indicates that people struggle to consciously wake up after falling asleep.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' We intend to utilize the psychological influence that dreams have on people to help regulate various psychological disorders.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Specifically, we will use targeted environmental hints and guidance based on each patient's individual situation to create a suitable dreamscape for them.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' The technology to enter shared dreamscapes is still rather new, and advancements are mainly thanks to the many improvements made by the Dendro Archon. Simply put, our goal is to address patients' psychological problems by adjusting their cognitive states within dreamscapes.
:{{DIcon}} That seems... complicated.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Ah, right. Sorry. Couldn't help rambling on about our project a bit. It is quite complicated, yes...
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Simply put, we're conducting medical research on the psychological effects of dreams, but we've gotten a bit stuck when it comes to practical implementation...
:{{DIcon}} And so you need my help?
:{{DIcon}} How are we calculating my payment?
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Got it in one go. Heh, this is embarrassing.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' None of our project members have any experience maintaining awareness within a dreamscape, so that left us all feeling really depressed. But now that we know people like you exist, hope has been rekindled!
:'''Dharmakirti:''' We also have our Archon to thank for this. Had she not heard our report and suggested we discuss things with you, I'm afraid our project would've had to be abandoned, never to be completed.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' I have faith that if this psychotherapy is popularized... then we'll be able to significantly reduce the rate of mental disorders in the Akademiya's annual statistics.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' So, from what you said just before, I can assume you're willing to help?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Great! I'll organize the patient files right away. Come find me whenever you're free.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' The experimental process works like this. You just need to relax and enter the dreamscape together with the patient. That's half the battle.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Next, when you're inside the dreamscape, you just need to follow the instructions given in the file to find the anomalous aspects related to the patient in question. Correct them, leave the dream, and that's that.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' We've also prepared emergency measures to get you out of the dreamscape if needed. The safety of our volunteers and patients is far more important than the success of any experiment.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Every patient has unique circumstances and must be handled carefully. Well then, come find me whenever you're free.
:{{DIcon}} Understood.
:'''Dharmakirti:''' Thanks for your generosity. See you later!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Mapping Dreams and Reality
|zhs      = 梦与现实的映射
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 夢與現實的映射
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 現を見る夢
|ja_rm    = Utsutsu wo Miru Yume
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 꿈속에 비친 현실
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Reflejos del sueño y la realidad
|es_tl    = Reflections of Dream and Reality
|fr       = Cartographier les rêves et la réalité
|fr_tl    = Mapping Dreams and Reality
|ru       = Переплетение снов и реальности
|ru_tl    = Interweaving of Dreams and Reality
|th       = ภาพสะท้อนความฝันและความจริง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Hình Chiếu Của Mơ Và Thực
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Spiegelung von Träumen und Wirklichkeit
|de_tl    = Reflection of Dreams and Reality
|id       = Memetakan Mimpi dan Kenyataan
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Mapeando Sonhos e Realidade
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Düşlerin ve Gerçeklerin Haritası
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Percorsi onirici
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

[[pt-br:Mapeando Sonhos e Realidade]]
[[ru:Переплетение снов и реальности]]
[[vi:Hình Chiếu Của Mơ Và Thực]]