{{Faction Infobox
|leader       = [[Neuvillette]]
|founder      = [[Cassiodor]]
|affiliation   = [[Maison Gardiennage]]
|base         = [[Palais Mermonia]]
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Marechaussee Phantom''' is a special detective force in [[Fontaine]] led by the Iudex [[Neuvillette]]. It is mostly comprised of [[Melusine]]s, due to their powerful eyesight and ability to perceive more than ordinary humans.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/2E73BKNtOXI Version 4.0 Special Program]</ref> 

They were once primarily composed of the '''Marechaussee Hunters,''' a group of people who hunted monsters using special sword techniques.

==History==
The Marechaussee Hunters were founded by [[Cassiodor]], later known as the Golden Hunter, a few decades after the fall of [[Remuria]] in order to hunt down the monsters left behind by the dynasty. Other Remurian survivors such as [[Este (Golem)|Este]] and Walter followed him and became the first Marechaussee Hunters, but they were later said to be heirs of the [[Lochknight]]s.<ref>Interactable: [[Faded Castle#Ruggiero's Notes (I)|Ruggiero's Notes (I)]]</ref> They were eventually successful in thinning the monster population and reintegrated back into society, taking up different lines of work. However, their unique hunting methods were left behind, though their names and deeds have long been forgotten.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Hunters, Prophets}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Buried Honor}}</ref>

===Siege of Poisson===
The Marechaussee Hunter [[Emanuel Guillotin]] directed and took part in the Siege of [[Poisson]], in which a group of outlaws occupied the town and took the members of the [[Maison Gardiennage]] who were transporting them as hostages.<ref name="Hunter">{{Ref/Arti|Hunter's Brooch}}</ref> After negotiations broke down, the Marechaussee Hunters infiltrated the town through "secret paths" and forcefully resolved the situation.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Verdict}}</ref> Disillusioned by this event, Emanuel left the Hunters.<ref name="Hunter" />

===The Cataclysm===
Following the disbandment of the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]] after its Director and Vice Director went missing during the [[cataclysm]], some of its members, such as [[Alain Guillotin|Alain]] and [[Mary-Ann Guillotin]], were recruited by the Marechaussee Phantom and the [[Special Security and Surveillance Patrol]] to help protect Fontaine.<ref name="Odyssean Flower">{{Ref/Arti|Odyssean Flower}}</ref> 

Years later, the activities of the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] caught the attention of the [[Court of Fontaine]], and the Marechaussee Phantom was tasked to investigate them. The Ordo, knowing of this, called in the Marechaussee Hunters to take charge of security during the construction of the [[Tower of Ipsissimus]] in order to allay their suspicions.<ref>Interactable: [[Fort Charybdis Ruins#Someone's Diary|Someone's Diary]]</ref> This eventually culminated in a fierce battle at [[Elynas]] that resulted in many casualties on both sides. 

===Present day===
Today, the Marechaussee Phantom is more focused on investigating criminal activity than battle, and Melusines make up most of its ranks.<ref name="Hunter" /> 

[[Clorinde]] is a successor to the Marechaussee Hunters of old, having been trained by [[Petronilla]] in the art of their marksmanship.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Neuvillette|About Clorinde}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Navia|3}}</ref> During the events of {{Quest|Silent Night}}, [[Florian]] lured Clorinde and her friends to open the Marechaussee Hunter's vault, which contained a stone tablet carved with their names as well as their old, broken weapons. In the end, Clorinde decided to leave the vault undisturbed, leaving the Marechaussee Hunters' names and deeds to be forgotten as they would have wanted.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Vanquishing Phantoms}}</ref>

==Members==
===Current===
{{Characters by Category List|Marechaussee Phantom|2
|not=Deceased Characters
|exclude=Neuvillette;Florian;Petronilla
|full_header=[[Neuvillette]] is the leader of the Marechaussee Phantom.<br>There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are part of the Marechaussee Phantom
}}

===Historical===
{{Characters by Category List|Marechaussee Phantom&Deceased Characters|1
}}

===Marechaussee Hunters===
* [[Cassiodor]]
* [[Clorinde]]
* [[Emanuel Guillotin]]
* [[Este (Marechaussee Hunter)|Este]]
* [[Florian]]
* Florian's father
* [[Petronilla]]
* [[Walter (Marechaussee Hunter)|Walter]]

==Trivia==
* While the Marechaussee Phantom uniform is typically blue, operators of the [[Aquabus]] lines have slightly different outfits of custom colors.
** [[Aeval]], Clementine Line operator, has a light blue uniform.
** [[Elphane]], Navia Line operator, has a red uniform.
* The name of the Marechaussee Hunters came from the quote, "Pursue the phantoms in the dark, expel them all, and hunt them down," which was credited to Cassiodor.<ref name="Hunter" />

===Etymology===
* The ''{{w|Maréchaussée}}'' were a French police force which initially formed during the Middle Ages and came to expand its powers over the next several centuries up until the French Revolution. In 1791, the {{Fr|Maréchaussée}} were renamed {{Fr|{{w|gendarmerie}}}}.
* The word ''Maréchaussée'' is French for "Marshalcy."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Marechaussee Phantom
|zhs     = 逐影庭
|zhs_rm  = Zhúyǐng-tíng
|zht     = 逐影庭
|zht_rm  = Zhúyǐng-tíng
|zh_tl   = Shadow-Chasing Court
|ja      = マレショーセ·ファントム
|ja_rm   = Mareshoose Fantomu
|ja_tl   = Marechaussee Phantom
|ko      = 그림자 수사청
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Gendarmería Fantasmal
|es_tl   = Phantasmal Gendarmerie
|es_note = {{Es|Gendarmería}} is derived from the French {{Fr|gens d'armes|armed people,}} and refers to a military organization which performs law enforcement among civilians.
|fr      = Maréchaussée fantôme
|fr_tl   = Phantom Marechaussee
|ru      = Сумеречный двор
|ru_tl   = Twilight Court
|th      = หน่วยล่าเงา
|th_rm   = Nuai La Ngao
|th_tl   = Shadow Hunter Team
|vi      = Đội Hắc Ảnh Marechaussee<!-- / Trục Ảnh Đình<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Odyssean Flower}}</ref>-->
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Maréchaussée-Phantom<!-- / Marechaussee-Phantom-->
|de_tl   = Marechaussee Phantom	
|id      = Marechaussee Phantom<!-- / Pengadilan Pengejar Bayangan<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Odyssean Flower}}</ref>-->
<!--|id_tl   = Marechaussee Phantom / Court of the Shadow Chaser-->
|pt      = Marechalato Fantasma
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gölge Mareşosesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Spettro Maréchaussée
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Gendarmería Fantasmal]]
[[fr:Maréchaussée fantôme]]
[[vi:Đội Hắc Ảnh Marechaussee]]