{{Location Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Not Accessible
|region       = 
|area         = 
}}
The '''Mare Jivari''' is a domain<!--deliberately not capitalized since it's unclear whether it's a domain or a Domain--><ref group="Note">Cyrus's question and answer about the Mare Jivari in Noelle's Hangout Event Act II, Knightly Exam Prep - [[Adventurer's Entrance Exam#Adventurer's Entrance Exam|Adventurer's Entrance Exam]]. In English, Cyrus calls the Mare Jivari a ''domain'' twice. In Chinese, Cyrus says {{zh|秘境|lit=secret territory,}} which is usually translated as ''domain'' in the English version.</ref> in [[Teyvat]], located near a desert on the opposite end of the continent from [[Mondstadt]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Stanley|1|c=before completing Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land}}</ref> It is described as a "sea of ashes where the wind does not blow"<ref name="stan">{{Ref/Quest|The South Wind Brings Adventure}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Loading|Mare Jivari}}</ref> as well as a "completely empty" place "without anything at all,"<ref>{{Ref/VO|Nahida|About Nahida: Knowledge}}</ref> and it contains a sea of scorching lava.

==Overview==
Within the Mare Jivari dwells a phoenix that was worshipped by humans.<ref name="lava">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Lavawalker}}</ref>

At an unknown point in time, a sage known as the [[Lavawalker]] traversed the Mare Jivari. He created a circlet that could withstand the sea of fire within the Mare Jivari. Envious and fearful, his teacher and peers decried this as blasphemy, and ordered him to walk into the Mare Jivari while wearing it. He did so &mdash; and survived. He continued wandering in and out of the Mare Jivari for another one hundred years, until the sea of flames finally burned him to ash during his final journey.<ref name="lava" />

Around a thousand years ago, the [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|Wanderer's Troupe]] set foot there while "performing" for their foes.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Wanderer's String-Kettle}}</ref>

Several years before the game's events, a famous Mondstadt adventurer named [[Real Stanley|Stanley]] traversed the Mare Jivari. However, he perished while saving a greenhorn adventurer named Hans Archibald from an evil beast; afterwards, Hans took on the name "[[Stanley]]" and recounts the real Stanley's tales as though they were his own to keep the man's memory alive.<ref name="stan" />

==Trivia==
* While the word "Mare" is Latin, meaning "sea", the etymology of "Jivari" is not clear.
** Some speculate the word was derived from the musical term {{w|Jivari}}, which means the overtone-rich "buzzing" sound characteristic of classical Indian string instruments.
** Others speculate that it was inspired by the {{w|Javary River|Rio Javari}}, a tributary of the Amazon River that flows along the boundary of Brazil and Peru.
* The Chinese, Japanese, and Korean names for Mare Jivari translate to "Silent Sea of Ashes." This name is kept in other localizations through the [[Loading Screen#Mare Jivari|Loading Screen's]] description of Mare Jivari.
** In CBT1, the English localization translated Mare Jivari as the "Ashen Sea."<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/HA_XuipwXNs?t=14713 CBT Special Episode 2]</ref>
* [[Bennett]] makes a reference to Mare Jivari as "the edge of the world" in his [[Realm of Fog and Wind|love poem]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mare Jivari
|zhs     = 烬寂海
|zhs_rm  = Jìnjì-hǎi
|zht     = 燼寂海
|zht_rm  = Jìnjì-hǎi
|zh_tl   = Silent Sea of Ashes
|ja      = {{Rubi|燼|じん|寂|じゃく|海|かい}}
|ja_rm   = Jinjaku-kai<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The South Wind Brings Adventure|note=Japanese Voice-Overs}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Silent Sea of Ashes
|ko      = 잿더미 바다
|ko_rm   = Jaetdeomi Bada
|ko_tl   = Sea of Ash Piles
|es      = Mare Jivari
|fr      = Mer Cendrée
|fr_tl   = Ashen Sea
|ru      = Пепельное море
|ru_tl   = Ashen Sea
|th      = Mare Jivari
|vi      = Vùng Biển Lặng
|vi_tl   = Silent Sea Waters
|de      = Mare Jivari
|id      = Mare Jivari
|pt      = Mare Jivari
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Other}}

[[es:Mare Jivari]]
[[zh:燼寂海]]