{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00487
|image         = Story Quest Margaret's Longing.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Leo Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Master's Day Off
|character     = Jean
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = When the West Wind Arises (Quest)
|next          = Master's Day Off (Quest)
|concurrent    = Charles' Troubles
|concurrent2   = Sara's Worries
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Mora*18,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|characters    = Margaret;Paimon;Prince;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Margaret's Longing''' is one of the second parts of {{Quest|Master's Day Off}}.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Margaret]]
# Find [[Prince]]
#* This will activate a [[Stealth]] mission.
#* Use [[Elemental Sight]] and follow the cat's footprints. At the beginning he is behind the [[Cat's Tail]] Tavern, then counterclockwise around the city.
#* Your combat skills are replaced with new ones in order to capture Prince.
# Complete Margaret's commission

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Needs figuring out the where the VO from the [[#Unsorted Voice-Overs from v3.3|Unsorted]] section needs to go.}}
{{Quest Description|While [[Jean]] is ill from overwork, you've been tasked with handling some citizens' commissions on her behalf. Where has Margaret's pet cat Prince run off to this time?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Margaret and [[Venti]])
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...So, yours is the cat that went missing.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Venti! Have you come to help?
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Me, here to help you? Why, on the contrary, it is I who needs helping!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon just saw you talking to Margaret about Prince...
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aha! So, Prince is the name of the feline fiend who thieved my spare {{Color|buzzword|astral iron strings}}!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Though it gladdens my heart to see that the free-spirited ethos of Mondstadt is alive and well in creatures great and small... Still, it's a bit audacious!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 margaret 01.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Haha, Prince is a mischievous little rascal alright!
:{{DIcon}} Spoken just like a parent who chooses to spoil said rascal!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Indeed. Just like [[Barbatos]]...
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahaha, yes, quite... quite... Ahem! Now, let's see about getting ourselves an audience with his little highness, Prince Rascal of Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I have a performance tonight, and without my spare strings, I shall have to disappoint my audience.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What would a kitty cat want with lyre strings anyway?
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 margaret 02.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Everyone knows cats go crazy for a ball of string!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' These lyre strings are made of astral iron, which contains [[Anemo]] energy. That makes them extremely durable, so I normally just roll them up in a ball to make them easier to carry.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's a trick of the trade from a traveling bard!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The strings contain Anemo energy?
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That'll help us! Traveler, it's time for you to use your {{Color|buzzword|Elemental Sight}} again!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure there must be some elemental footprints or something.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 margaret 03.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Thank you all. Prince should be somewhere around the Marketplace. It's a black cat you're looking for.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 1 margaret 04.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Oh&mdash; Take this {{Color|buzzword|fish}}, it's little Prince's favorite food. Maybe it will help you find him.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Fish|x=5}})

;(Talk to Margaret again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog qinlq002 margaret 01.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Prince should be somewhere around the Marketplace. Remember, he's got black fur.

;(Talk to Margaret again after looking at wrong spot, optional)
:{{A|vo qinlq002 3 margaret 01.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Where have you been looking?
:{{A|vo qinlq002 3 margaret 02.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Prince should be somewhere around the marketplace. Remember, he's got black fur.
----
;(Upon approaching Prince)
:{{A|vo qinlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look! Over there... it looks just like the cat Margaret was describing.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it must be Prince?
:{{A|vo qinlq002 3 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Prince has very keen senses. It didn't take much to scare him off.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 3 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See if you can approach him crouching from behind, that way your footsteps will be quieter.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 3 paimon 01a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It must be difficult not being able to float, hee-hee.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 3 paimon 01a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you're anxious to find Prince, why not coax him to you with some Fish? Kitty cats do love eating fish.
:{{A|vo qinlq002 3 paimon 01a 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you've run out of {{Color|buzzword|Fish}}, go grab some more from the lake. Now, back to it!

;(If you fail to capture him)
::{{A|vo qinlq002 4 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... His senses are keener than we thought! He can't have gone far though, why not track him with your Elemental Sight?
::{{A|vo qinlq002 4 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Next time, try creeping up from behind... quietly does it...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 4 paimon 01a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Or if you're feeling patient, use some fish as bait and catch him off guard.

;(If you fail several times)
::{{A|vo qinlq002 4 paimon 01c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Drat! He's run off again.
::{{A|vo qinlq002 4 paimon 01c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But where is he going? Hmm, Paimon wonders if...

;(If you go outside the main gate)
::{{A|vo qinlq002 3 paimon 01c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought Prince would be in the city.
::{{A|vo qinlq002 3 paimon 01c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you got things you need to do, you can always come back and look later.

----
;(Talk to Margaret and Venti)
;(If you captured Prince)
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 margaret 01a.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Prince! Where did you go running off to? Thank goodness you're safe...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He made sure we had our work cut out for us looking for him.<!--vo is inconsistent with the text in-game-->
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 margaret 01a 1.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Oh Princey, how could you leave me like that...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like those two need some time to themselves...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 paimon 01a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And here are your astral iron strings, Venti.
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You found them! Wonderful! I was not optimistic they would turn up.
;(If you failed to capture Prince)
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 margaret 01b.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Prince! Good boy, that's my Prince, I knew you'd come home to me...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *panting* Gah! After all that searching...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 margaret 01b 1.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Oh Princey, how could you leave me like that...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like those two need some time to themselves...
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Look at you... Did Prince take you on a bit of a wild goose chase, then?
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Heh... Cheer up, even if you didn't catch him, he's back here thanks to you.
::{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And he still has the astral iron strings with him!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I daresay that a private performance played using these very same strings would not be an excessive way to show my gratitude! ...Ah, ah...
:{{A|vo qinlq002 5 paimon 01a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah what?
:{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ACHOO!
:{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01a 3.ogg}} '''Venti:''' *cough* Haha... Apologies. At this distance, my cat allergy seems to be rearing its head...
:{{A|vo qinlq002 5 paimon 01a 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, now Paimon gets why you didn't go looking for your strings by yourself...
:{{A|vo qinlq002 5 venti 01a 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, anyway, thanks for the help, I'll be going now&mdash; a&mdash;achoo!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs from v3.3===
* {{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look! That black cat looks really familiar. Haven't we seen it in The Cat's Tail before?
* {{A|vo qinlq002 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that's Prince alright!
* {{A|vo qinlq002 1 margaret 05.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Thank you all. Prince should be somewhere around the marketplace or the residential area. It's a black cat you're looking for.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Margaret's Longing
|zhs     = 委托人玛格丽特的思念
|zhs_rm  = Wěituō Rén Mǎgélìtè de Sīniàn
|zht     = 委託人瑪格麗特的思念
|zht_rm  = Wěituō Rén Mǎgélìtè de Sīniàn
|zh_tl   = Client Margaret's Longing
|ja      = 依頼人マーガレットの思い
|ja_rm   = Irainin Maagaretto no Omoi
|ja_tl   = Hope of a Client Called Margaret
|ko      = 의뢰인 마가렛의 그리움
|ko_rm   = Uiroein Magaret-ui Geurium
|ko_tl   = Client Margaret's Longing
|es      = La intranquilidad de Margaret
|es_tl   = Margaret's Restlessness
|fr      = Le chat de Margaret
|fr_tl   = Margaret's Cat
|ru      = Тоска Маргариты
|ru_tl   = Margaret's Longing
|ru_note = {{ru|Тоска}} is an untranslatable Russian word which describes the state of sadness, anguish, melancholia or longing of various intensity, depending on the context.
|th      = ความคิดถึงของ Margaret
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nỗi Tương Tư Của Người Ủy Thác Margaret
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gedanken der Auftraggeberin Margaret
|de_tl   = Client Margaret's Thought's
|id      = Kerinduan Margaret
|id_tl   = Margaret's Longing
|pt      = Saudades da Solicitante Margaret
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Margaret'ın Hasreti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il gatto di Margaret
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:La intranquilidad de Margaret]]
[[fr:Le chat de Margaret]]
[[ja:依頼人マーガレットの思い]]
[[pt-br:Saudades da Solicitante Margaret]]