{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
}}
'''Martial Arts in Teyvat''' are varied between the Seven Nations. Each nation tends to have their own trends amongst their martial arts schools; for example, Inazumans typically favor swords and bows, while swords and polearms are the typical weapons of choice in [[Liyue]].

==Mondstadt==
===Favonius Bladework===
Favonius Bladework is a [[sword]] and [[claymore]] fighting style developed for the [[Knights of Favonius]]. Two Favonius Bladework styles were developed around five hundred years ago, although only [[Rostam]]'s single-handed style remains to this day.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Sword}}</ref> [[Arundolyn]], the Grand Master at the time, developed a style that involved dual-wielding a claymore and a sword, but the enormous strength required for this style caused it to quickly die out.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Greatsword}}</ref>

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Arundolyn]] (Founder)
* [[Rostam]] (Founder)
* [[Albedo]]: [[Favonius Bladework - Weiss]]
* [[Eula]]: [[Favonius Bladework - Edel]]
* [[Jean]]: [[Favonius Bladework]]
* [[Noelle]]: [[Favonius Bladework - Maid]]

===Kätzlein Style===
This appears to be the premiere hunting style of the [[Kätzlein Bloodline]], and perhaps the art used by the hunters of [[Springvale]] as [[Draff]] is the head hunter.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Diona]]: [[Kätzlein Style]]

==Liyue==
Within Liyue, [[Morax]] is lauded as the {{Lang|Warrior God|zh=武神}}; the word {{zh|{{wt|武||Chinese}}}} has several meanings, including ''warrior'' and ''martial arts''.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|3}}</ref> It is unknown whether he is recognized as such in other nations of Teyvat.

===Guhua Arts===
The three arts of the [[Guhua Clan]] are Raincutter for swords, Light Piercer for polearms, and Life Ender for those who master both.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Xingqiu|Vision}}</ref> The Guhua Brotherhood, the original form of the Guhua Clan, was established by an associate of its namesake, [[Guhua]]. Guhua himself wielded the claymore [[Rainslasher]].

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Xingqiu]]: [[Guhua Style]], [[Guhua Sword: Fatal Rainscreen]], [[Guhua Sword: Raincutter]]
* [[Chen the Sharp]]
* [[Little Que'er]]
* [[Sun Yu]]

===Nuo Dance of Evil Conquering===
The Nuo Dance of Evil Conquering is a technique used by the [[yaksha]] to slay demons. This technique is also referred to in the English translation as the "Bane of All Evil."

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Xiao]]: [[Bane of All Evil]] (Nuo Dance of Evil Conquering in Chinese)

===Wangsheng Spear Arts===
The first wielder of the [[Staff of Homa]] is heavily implied to have hailed from the Hu Family, which has run the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] for 77 generations. Their techniques utilize polearms and purifying flames meant to destroy demons.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Hu Tao]]: [[Secret Spear of Wangsheng]], [[Guide to Afterlife]]

===Yunlai Swordsmanship===
Little is known about Yunlai Swordsmanship. It may be related to the [[Sea of Clouds]] {{Lang|zh=云来海|zh_rm=Yúnlái-hǎi}} area of Liyue.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Keqing]]: [[Yunlai Swordsmanship]]
* [[Qiqi]]: [[Ancient Sword Art]] (Ancient Yunlai Swordsmanship in Chinese)

==Inazuma==
===Arataki Art===
One of the four famous martial arts schools in Inazuma, created by Arataki of the Front Gate. Currently, no other information is known about this school. [[Arataki Itto]] may be a practitioner.

===Iwakura Art===
{{main|Iwakura Clan}}
The Iwakura Art was established by [[Iwakura Michihiro]] following his victory against [[Teruyo]] of the [[Yougou Tengu]].<ref name="ReferenceA">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Emblem of Severed Fate}}</ref> It is one of the four famous martial arts schools in Inazuma.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Iwakura Michihiro]] (Founder)
* [[Eiin]]
* [[Iwakura Mitsunari]]
* Other [[Iwakura Clan#Known Members|Iwakura Clan members]]

===Kaedehara Sword Art===
[[Kaedehara Kazuha]]'s unofficial name for a sword-based style unique to [[Kaedehara Clan|his family]] of bladesmiths; originally developed as a series of techniques used for rigorous blade-testing. Kazuha notes that the style's combat forms are quite different from those typically used by samurai.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Upon the Plain, a Purple Shadow}}</ref> His [[Garyuu Bladework]] is likely derived from this sword art.

===Kamisato Art===
The fighting style used by members of the [[Kamisato Clan]].

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Kamisato Ayaka]]: [[Kamisato Art: Kabuki|Kabuki]], [[Kamisato Art: Hyouka|Hyouka]], [[Kamisato Art: Soumetsu|Soumetsu]], [[Kamisato Art: Senho|Senho]]
* [[Kamisato Ayato]]: [[Kamisato Art: Marobashi|Marobashi]], [[Kamisato Art: Kyouka|Kyouka]], [[Kamisato Art: Suiyuu|Suiyuu]], [[Kamisato Art: Mine Wo Matoishi Kiyotaki|Mine Wo Matoishi Kiyotaki]], [[Kamisato Art: Michiyuku Hagetsu|Michiyuku Hagetsu]]

===Kitain Arts===
Also known as the Kitain School, the Kitain Arts are a polearm-based martial arts style developed by [[Kitain Bunsou]]. It is one of the four famous martial arts schools in Inazuma. As [[Hirotatsu]] is a Master-of-Arms of the Kitain Art, this school may also include sword-based martial arts.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Kitain Bunsou]] (Founder)
* [[Nobumori]]
* [[Hirotatsu]]

===Kono Ittou Art===
This school was mentioned in the {{Quest|Unexpected Battle}}. Two of its practitioners, [[Tadaaki]] and [[Tadatsune]], planned to decide who would get to enter [[Warrior's Spirit]]<!-- may need to update link to non-event page later--> with a duel. After they were interrupted and beaten by the clueless [[Traveler]], they were humbled and handed over their entry ticket and left for further training. The master of Tadaaki and Tadatsune always advised them that no matter how strong one becomes, there will always be someone stronger.

Currently, no other information is known about this school.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Tadaaki]]
* [[Tadatsune]]
* Unnamed master of Tadatsune and Tadaaki

===Kujirai Art===
A school of martial arts created by [[Kid Kujirai]] with assistance from [[Shousen]], the founder of [[#Shinryuu|Shinryuu]].<ref name="kid kujirai">{{Ref/NPC|Kid Kujirai}}</ref> It consists of using an explosive [[temari]] ball to blow up enemies. [[Alice]] is the self-proclaimed "Originator of the Kujirai Art – Temari Jutsu".

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Kid Kujirai]] (Founders)
* [[Alice]] (Temari Jutsu)

=== Mistsplitter===
[[Takamine the Mistsplitter]], one of the four famous historical martial artists in Inazuma, developed his archery and swordsmanship skills after training with the Yougou Tengu.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref> While he passed on his archery skills to [[Asase Hibiki]],<ref name="ReferenceA" /> his swordsmanship style was never passed on as he became a casualty of the [[cataclysm]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref>

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] (Founder)
* [[Hibiki]] (Archery only)

===Meikyou Shisui===
{{main|Meikyou Shisui Art}}
[[Domon]] is the present-day master of this Inazuman sword art, which he studied with his senior [[Anzai]] under the tutelage of their late master. Practitioners of the art seek to achieve "stillness of mind" and "freedom from all agitation" as its main tenets.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades}}</ref>

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Domon]]
* [[Junya]]
* [[Nanako]]
* [[Anzai]] (formerly)

===Origin===
The {{Lang|Origin|ja=源流}}<ref>{{Lang|Normal Attack: [[Origin]]|ja=通常攻撃・源流}}</ref> is a martial art school founded by [[Ei]] the Raiden Shogun, the current Electro Archon of Inazuma.

According to Ei, Inazuman martial arts for naginata and swords, as well as Inazuman swordsmithing techniques, are basically originated from her.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|About Us: Legacy}}</ref><ref group="Note">Although the English version of the voice line "About Us: Legacy" uses the term "polearm," the Chinese and Japanese versions only mention naginata, a type of Japanese polearms. It therefore does not conflict with the lore that cross spears were invented by [[Kitain Bunsou]], not Ei.</ref> The school's signature sword art [[Musou no Hitotachi]] is performed when the Raiden Shogun administers divine punishments. [[Kazuha's friend]] died as it was his last wish to witness this sword art in action.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Ei]] the [[Raiden Shogun]] (Founder)
* [[Guardian of Eternity]]

'''Reading and etymology:''' Considering its English translation, the kanji of the school {{ja|源流}} is probably read as ''Genryuu'', meaning the "Source" [of a river; figuratively of a civilization or a culture]. Alternatively it can be read as ''Minamoto-ryuu'' (Minamoto school), where {{Lang|{{w|Minamoto clan|Minamoto}}|ja=源}} is one of the two most prominent samurai clans (another being the {{w|Taira clan|Taira}}) and Tokugawa shoguns also claimed to belong to the clan; under this reading it is possibly a reference to the semi-legendary school Kyou-Hachi-ryuu founded by {{w|Kiichi Hōgen|Kiichi Hougen}} (the legendary teacher of the folk hero {{w|Minamoto no Yoshitsune}}), from which almost all martial art schools in West Japan are said to be originated.

===Shinryuu===
{{main|Shinryuu}}
A unique school of martial arts that involves honing one's combat skills against opponents recreated from imagination. Developed by [[Shousen]], it was inspired by the "shadow boxing" training method practiced by the boxers of Natlan. Due to the dangerous nature of Shinryuu, many of its students abandoned the art out of fear, or were expelled by Shousen because of their recklessness.<ref name="shinryuu">{{Ref/Quest|Phantom Flow: Phantasmal Blade}}</ref> The [[#Kujirai Art|Kujirai Art]] (namely "Temari Jutsu") is implied to have been created using Shinryuu.<ref name="kid kujirai" />

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Shousen]] (Founder)
* [[Eiin]]
* [[Traveler]]
* [[Kid Kujirai]] (implied)

===Souran Isshin Art===
The Souran Isshin Art was a style of swordmanship developed by the samurai [[Yanagibashi Takuto]], who developed it while dueling the youkai [[Kamai Kenji]]. It was passed down to the third-generation heir, [[Tominaga Masanari]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Currents of Life}}</ref>

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Yanagibashi Takuto]]
* [[Tominaga Masanari]]

===Touzannou's Arts===
While [[Watatsumi Island]] is not so known for the tradition of swordsmanship, Touzannou, a the mortal lieutenant of [[Orobashi]] who was feared as [[Akuou]] ("Evil King") by his foes, developed two prominent sword arts: {{Lang|Getsumouun|ja=月曚雲|ja_rm=Getsumou'un|ja_tl=Moon Dark Cloud}} and {{Lang|Yuushio|ja=夕潮|ja_tl=Evening Tide}}.<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East">{{Ref/Book|Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Akuoumaru}}</ref> These arts are still popular among the warriors of Watatsumi Island.<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East" /> It is unclear if the style has a particular name as a whole.

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* Touzannou ([[Akuou]])
* [[Watatsumi Army]]

===Yoohoo Arts===
The Yoohoo Ninja Arts are a style of ninjutsu techniques practiced by [[Sayu]], and perhaps other members of the [[Shuumatsuban]]. According to Sayu, the style is supposedly named for its focus on "making fun of the enemy."<ref name="yoohoo">{{Ref/VO|Sayu|More About Sayu: III}}</ref>

'''Known Practitioners:'''
* [[Sayu]]: [[Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash]], [[Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry]], [[Yoohoo Art: Silencer's Secret]]

==Natlan==
===Boxing Arts===
Boxing is one of the known martial arts in Natlan. Practitioners are said to train by ''shadow boxing'', whereby they practice sparring with imaginary opponents. [[Shousen]] from Inazuma cites the practice of shadow boxing as inspiration for his Shinryuu art.<ref name="shinryuu" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==See Also==
* [[Mystic Arts in Teyvat]]

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[ja:テイワットの武術]]
[[vi:Võ Học Ở Teyvat]]