{{Event Tabs
|rootpage=Marvelous Merchandise/2022-11-28
|gallery=false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Liben:''' Hello there, friend. It's been a while, hasn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Hello, Liben. How have you been?
:'''Liben:''' Well, I'd say that I've found the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel at last. After returning from Sumeru previously, I did a quick cargo run to [[Inazuma]].
:'''Liben:''' Since things weren't looking so hot in [[Sumeru]], I decided to try my luck in [[Fontaine]] instead.
:'''Liben:''' I was just going to observe the market a little, you know, and if I made my capital back? Well, you wouldn't see me complaining.
:'''Liben:''' I never could have been prepared for how much the locals there loved Inazuman goods.
:'''Liben:''' The goods I had on me and couldn't sell in other countries, such as the [[Ms. Hina]] merchandise, actually sold out.
:{{DIcon}} Well, that's wonderful.
:{{DIcon}} So Ms. Hina got to show her quality, eh?
:'''Liben:''' The people of Fontaine love messing about with mechanical devices, and relatively few, by contrast, spend time developing such trinkets as these.
:'''Liben:''' I suppose that's the scarcity principle for you.
:'''Liben:''' Hahaha. Well, if it didn't look like dark clouds were gathering there too, I'd have made a few more trips for sure.
:{{DIcon}} What's going on over there?
:'''Liben:''' Well, things just feel oppressive and dangerous... You know, like a storm is about to break out.
:'''Liben:''' The locals were pretty antsy... Said judgment was soon to come, or something like that.
:'''Liben:''' I'd suggest you refrain from going there lest you get yourself into trouble that you can't easily get out of.
:{{DIcon}} I'll bear that in mind.
:{{DIcon}} You be careful too, Liben.
:'''Liben:''' Well, then our arrangement shall be the same as always.

;(Talk to Liben)
:'''Liben:''' Ah, hello there. Need something?
:{{DIcon|BoxOfMarv}} I'm here for my Box o' Marvels.
:;(If you haven't submitted the items yet)
::'''Liben:''' The items needed today are as such.
:;(If you have already submitted the items)
::'''Liben:''' I reckon you've already collected one for the day, friend! Still, feel free to inspect the other boxes. As before, you'll find that I'm no cheat.
:{{DIcon}} Can you run me through your background again?
::'''Liben:''' I'm Liben, and once upon a time I sold curios.
::'''Liben:''' I haven't yet decided on which trade route to take, so I decided to take up my old business.
::{{DIcon}} What sort of business are you referring to again...?
::'''Liben:''' Ah, it's simple. You see, you just need to find me a few basic everyday items, cooking ingredients and the like, and then you trade them with me for a Box o' Marvels that are stuffed full of all kinds of nice little treasures.
::'''Liben:''' Keep in mind that I've filled these Boxes o' Marvels with the fortune I made in my time as a seller of curios. There's no booby prizes to be found here, and I treat all my customers the same.
::'''Liben:''' So why's this a lucky draw in the first place, again?
::'''Liben:''' Ah, you see, it enhances the surprise! My previous customers were quite fond of the format... and so it stuck.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Liben:''' See you around.
{{Dialogue End}}
<noinclude>
[[ja:百貨珍品/3.2/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Mercadorias Maravilhosas/3.2/História]]
[[ru:Изумительные изделия/2022-11-28/История]]
[[th:ร้านสินค้าหายาก/2022-11-28/เรื่องราว]]
</noinclude>