{{Event Tabs
|rootpage=Marvelous Merchandise/2021-04-16
|gallery=false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First conversation)
:'''Liben:''' My dear friend! I trust you have been quite well?
:{{DIcon}} Sumeru has the tastiest mushrooms then, huh?
:'''Liben:''' I had a bad experience once and it put me off mushrooms for life... But if you ever make it to Sumeru, I must say &mdash; the trees there are simply exceptional.
:'''Liben:''' Since the last time you saw me, I've been on another round trip.
:{{DIcon}} And you emerged unscathed?
:'''Liben:''' Sumeru has a whole [[The Eremites|tribe of experts]] dedicated to the protection of merchants like myself. There are a lot of rules to observe, but safety is not an issue.
:'''Liben:''' Speaking of rules, I presume we shall proceed on the same basis as always?
:{{DIcon}} Guess we'll give it another go...
:'''Liben:''' Haha, marvelous! So, here's how we'll do it this time...

;(Talk to Liben)
:{{DIcon|BoxOfMarv}} I'm here to do some business.
:'''Liben:''' Hahaha, hello there, friend! I shall be counting on you today as well.
:;(If you haven't submitted the items yet)
::'''Liben:''' The items needed today are as such.
:;(If you have already submitted the items)
::'''Liben:''' I thought you'd already taken a Box o' Marvels for today? That said, feel free to inspect the others. You'll see that I don't cheat any of my customers.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me another one of your stories?
:: '''Liben:''' I'm afraid I'm all out of interesting tales to tell. I did mention that I made a trip to Sumeru, didn't I?
:: '''Liben:''' It gave me an idea... I wonder if there is a market for Sumeru mushrooms in other place? So, I thought I would give it a try.
:: '''Liben:''' As it turned out, I nearly ended up in the second most tragic situation of my life: Dying while I still have money to spare.
::;(Loops back to starting dialogue tree.)
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Liben:''' See you around.
{{Dialogue End}}
<noinclude>
[[ja:百貨珍品/1.4/ストーリー]]
[[ru:Изумительные изделия/2021-04-16/История]]
</noinclude>