{{Event Tabs
|rootpage = Marvelous Merchandise/2024-01-22
|gallery  = false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Liben)
:'''Liben:''' Hello, friend. It's been a long time.
:{{DIcon}} Liben, I trust you've been well?
:'''Liben:''' Life is full of triumphs and setbacks. I've grown used to it, you know. A small illness is nothing to write home about, and minor losses are just part of the game.
:'''Liben:''' So I suppose you could say I've been well enough, ha!
:'''Liben:''' How about you, friend?
:{{DIcon}} Not bad.
::'''Liben:''' That's marvelous to hear!
:{{DIcon}} Not so good.
::'''Liben:''' ...Really?
:'''Liben:''' I am overjoyed today, because I have run into you once again, my friend!
:{{DIcon}} Anything interesting happening lately?
:'''Liben:''' Don't you think I ought to head to [[Natlan]] and seek out new business opportunities? Seize the day and strike while the iron's hot?
:'''Liben:''' Hahaha, I don't actually want to go to Natlan this time.
:'''Liben:''' A few days ago, I accidentally fell into a hole and spent the whole night staring at the stars.
:{{DIcon}} That definitely doesn't count as having been "well" lately...
:'''Liben:''' Anyway, I was rescued by a passing adventurer, and didn't even get hungry down there! All's well that ends well, am I right?
:'''Liben:''' Looking up at the stars at night, I couldn't help but wonder... What lies beyond this world?
:{{DIcon}} Uh... Endless distance, and endless worlds.
:'''Liben:''' You think so too, friend?
:'''Liben:''' I was thinking how, what if every single star was actually a sun, and each of those suns had a planet orbiting it that we could visit?
:'''Liben:''' Or what if we could even visit every single star themselves? After all, they just give off light, maybe they aren't even that hot?
:{{DIcon}} The nights there would be quite bright. You couldn't sleep with that much light.
::'''Liben:''' Oh, that's true. Then it would be enough just to go look. Though no one could live there like that, so I guess there wouldn't be any business opportunities.
:{{DIcon}} Trying to trailblaze a new trade route?
::'''Liben:''' Do the nations up in the sky use Mora too? But if those places are lit up all day long, then nobody can live there, right?
:'''Liben:''' Back to the matter at hand, our old deal is still on, right? No changes?
:;(Continues to the options below)

;(Talk to Liben again)
:'''Liben:''' Ah, hello there. Need something?
:{{DIcon|BoxOfMarv}} I'm here for my Box o' Marvels.
:;(If the player has not collected the daily Box o' Marvels)
:::'''Liben:''' The items needed today are as such.
:::;(Opens Liben's Daily Commission)
:;(If the player has already collected the daily Box o' Marvels)
:::'''Liben:''' I reckon you've already collected one for the day, friend! Still, feel free to inspect the other boxes. As before, you'll find that I'm no cheat.
:{{DIcon}} Can you run me through your background again?
::'''Liben:''' I'm Liben, and once upon a time I sold curios.
::'''Liben:''' I've been doing good business recently.
::{{DIcon}} What kind of business are you talking about?
::'''Liben:''' Ah, it's simple. You see, you just need to find me a few basic everyday items, cooking ingredients and the like, and then you trade them with me for a Box o' Marvels that are stuffed full of all kinds of nice little treasures.
::'''Liben:''' Keep in mind that I've filled these Boxes o' Marvels with the fortune I made in my time as a seller of curios. There's no booby prizes to be found here, and I treat all my customers the same.
::'''Liben:''' Why box them up and turn it into a lucky draw, you ask?
::'''Liben:''' What can I say, people like a gift box. It just makes everyone a little more inclined to get involved.
::{{DIcon}} How are you going to earn any Mora like this?
::'''Liben:''' Something like this... Let's worry about it when the time comes.
::'''Liben:''' If worse comes to worst, I'll take a trip to Natlan next time.
::;(Returns to selection)
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Liben:''' See you around.
{{Dialogue End}}
<noinclude>
[[ja:百貨珍品/4.3/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Mercadorias Maravilhosas/4.3/História]]
[[ru:Изумительные изделия/2024-01-22/История]]
</noinclude>