{{Event Tabs
|rootpage = Marvelous Merchandise/2024-11-11
|gallery  = false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Liben)
:'''Liben:''' Hey there, friend! It's been a while!
:{{DIcon}} It sure has, Liben!
:'''Liben:''' Hehe, enthusiastic as ever, I see... I wonder, how changed a man am I?
:{{DIcon}} You're the same as ever.
:{{DIcon}} Why, you're getting friendlier!
:'''Liben:''' That's good. I mean, I almost didn't make it back this time.
:{{DIcon}} Did you try your luck in Natlan?
:'''Liben:''' Nope! I heard that things there were tense, so I deliberately avoided it and went to [[Nod-Krai]] instead.
:'''Liben:''' Have you been there?
:{{DIcon}} Nope.
:{{DIcon}} What kind of place is that?
:'''Liben:''' No? Well, I guess I can tell you about it then.
:'''Liben:''' Nod-Krai is in the southernmost part of [[Snezhnaya]], where people from all over Teyvat gather. Those not in the know would think that opportunities to get rich are everywhere there.
:'''Liben:''' It's only after you get there that you realize that it's a wild place that plays by its own rules.
:{{DIcon}} Its own rules?
:'''Liben:''' Let me put it this way: Before I even set foot in the city, I was robbed by a group of vagrants &mdash; taking advantage of my ignorance about the place.
:'''Liben:''' Courts of law, [[Knights of Favonius]]... There's none of that there. Someone just told me to visit the [[Voynich Guild]].
:'''Liben:''' Said the Guild was the strongest force in the area and that they might be able to get me justice.
:'''Liben:''' I was only half-convinced at first, so imagine my surprise when the Guild folks not only hauled all my goods back &mdash; they even bought everything off me, too. Totally amazing, right?
:'''Liben:''' I was so happy to see that much Mora, I counted it all up several times!
:{{DIcon}} "I've done it! Woohoo!"<ref group="Note" name="eh?">Although these are dialogue choices given to the Traveler, they seem to be sentences spoken by Liben instead.</ref>
:{{DIcon}} ...And why did I almost not make it back, you ask?<ref group="Note" name="eh?"/>

:'''Liben:''' Ugh... I don't even wanna talk about it. When I left the city again, I ran into another band of vagrants, who robbed me of every Mora &mdash; not a single coin was spared.
:{{DIcon}} They must've already had their eye on you back in the city...
:'''Liben:''' *sigh* That's me, Liben, for you! Only the grandest peaks and deepest troughs of life! Anyway, I'm not going back there &mdash; not for a while at least.
:'''Liben:''' So yeah, stay on your toes if you're going to Nod-Krai, and don't let just anyone know that you're holding onto a big bag of Mora.
:{{DIcon}} I'll keep that in mind.
:{{DIcon}} You keep your guard up too, Liben.
:'''Liben:''' So, I trust that our deal's still on, then?
:;(Continues to the options below)

;(Talk to Liben again)
:'''Liben:''' Ah, hello there. Need something?
:{{DIcon|BoxOfMarv}} I'm here for my Box o' Marvels.
:;(If the player has not collected the daily Box o' Marvels)
:::'''Liben:''' The items needed today are as such.
:::;(Opens Liben's Daily Commission)
:;(If the player has already collected the daily Box o' Marvels)
:::'''Liben:''' I reckon you've already collected one for the day, friend! Still, feel free to inspect the other boxes. As before, you'll find that I'm no cheat.
:{{DIcon}} Can you tell me about your background again?
::'''Liben:''' I'm Liben, and once upon a time, I sold curios.
::'''Liben:''' I've been doing good business recently.
::'''Liben:''' Before that, I ran the Nod-Krai trade route, hoping to make myself a small fortune.
::'''Liben:''' But... I'm still here, so I'm sure you know how that turned out!
::{{DIcon}} What kind of business are you talking about?
::'''Liben:''' Simple. You find me a few basic everyday items, cooking ingredients and the like, and then you trade them with me for a Box o' Marvels, full of all kinds of nice little treasures.
::'''Liben:''' Keep in mind that I've filled these Boxes o' Marvels with the fortune I made in my time as a seller of curios. There's no booby prizes to be found here, and I treat all my customers the same.
::'''Liben:''' Why box them up and turn it into a lucky draw, you ask?
::'''Liben:''' What can I say, people like a gift box. It just makes everyone a little more inclined to get involved.
::{{DIcon}} How do you earn any money like this?
::'''Liben:''' Hmm, fair point. Perhaps I should explore business opportunities in [[Natlan]] next time after all, eh?
::'''Liben:''' Or maybe hire a few people for protection and make another trip to Nod-Krai, that might work too...
::'''Liben:''' To be honest, though, I'm getting pretty tired...
::'''Liben:''' Guess I'll take a break before making any more plans!
::;(Returns to selection)
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Liben:''' See you around.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

[[ja:百貨珍品/5.1/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Mercadorias Maravilhosas/5.1/História]]
[[ru:Изумительные изделия/2024-11-11/История]]