{{EventTabs
|rootpage=Marvelous Merchandise/2021-01-23
|gallery=false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(First conversation)
:'''Liben:''' Friend! That we should meet means that fate has surely smiled upon you. Oh, I have an excellent business proposition for you. If I could just have a moment of your time?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you go bust?
:'''Liben:''' Ah, friend, how your words wound my very soul! That lesson I was taught was sore enough. Shall we not let bygones be bygones?
:'''Liben:''' I've been working hard at the wharf since I ran myself out of house and home, and happened upon a business opportunity while I was at it.
:{{DIcon}} Why yes, I'm familiar with your business sense...
:'''Liben:''' Oh, come now. Don't say that. I've earned a little money since, and am now completely free of debt.
:'''Liben:''' Either way, this business is a sure bet, the long travel distance to Sumeru notwithstanding.
:'''Liben:''' As most know, Sumeru is all rainforest and desert. Other than mushrooms, all goods are welcome there. I'm sure you understand my meaning, don't you, friend?
:'''Liben:''' The rules are the same as before. I'll collect some common goods from other lands, and send them on to Sumeru. And since we're old partners, I'll give you a special price, too!
:{{DIcon}} Guess we'll give it another go...
:'''Liben:''' Haha! So, this is how we'll do it&mdash;

;(Talk to Liben)
:'''Liben:''' Hahaha, hello there, friend! I shall be counting on you today as well.
:{{DIcon|BoxOfMarv}} I'm here to do some business.
:;(If you haven't submitted the items yet)
::'''Liben:''' The items needed today are as such.
:;(If you have already submitted the items)
::'''Liben:''' I thought you'd already taken a Box o' Marvels for today? That said, feel free to inspect the others. You'll see that I don't cheat any of my customers.
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell me your story again?
:: '''Liben:''' I was scammed by Ningguang previously and ended up without a single Mora to my name.
:: '''Liben:''' But after working at the wharf and roaming the land for a time, I've come up with a new money-making method.
:: '''Liben:''' I'll be counting on you to make it happen, friend.
::;(Loops back to starting dialogue tree.)
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Liben:''' See you around.
{{Dialogue end}}

[[ru:Изумительные изделия/2021-01-23/История]]