{{EventTabs
|rootpage=Marvelous Merchandise/2022-05-06
|gallery=false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Liben:''' Ah, friend, we meet once more.
:{{DIcon}} Hey, Liben. How have things been?
:'''Liben:''' Oh, I'm taking it slow right now. The trade route to Sumeru has been mighty stable.
:'''Liben:''' However, some strange people have showed up in Sumeru lately, and that was when my gut told me it was time to leave.
:'''Liben:''' By the way, have you ever been to Liyue's [[Qiaoying Village]]?
:{{DIcon}} And where is that?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:'''Liben:''' Ah, it's where northern Liyue intersects with [[Fontaine]]. The tea there is pretty famous, I'll tell you what.
:'''Liben:''' I personally prefer some Tianheng Bohea or some Qiaoying floral tea. Give them a try if you've got the time.
:{{DIcon}} And why are you suddenly mentioning all this stuff again?
:'''Liben:''' Well, I've been considering whether I should go to Fontaine to do business. There's an ominous air hanging over Sumeru, I can feel it.
:'''Liben:''' And Qiaoying is the quickest way to get to Fontaine.
:'''Liben:''' To be honest, I've never been there, and I've got no clue what business I should do there either.
:{{DIcon}} So, will you still be taking jun&mdash; I mean, goods?
:'''Liben:''' I can't say, friend. But I do hope that the unrest in Sumeru will be swept away, as if by divine might.
:'''Liben:''' Take it from me: Don't go to Sumeru. It's a dangerous place &mdash; or at least it has been of late.
:{{DIcon}} You stay safe too, Liben.
:'''Liben:''' I will. Once I get back from Sumeru this time, I'll drop by Inazuma on the way back. Unfortunately, Ms. Hina merchandise doesn't sell in Mondstadt, Liyue, or Sumeru...
:'''Liben:''' So, I trust that our deal's still on, then?

;(Talk to Liben)
:'''Liben:''' Ah, hello there. Need something?
:{{DIcon|BoxOfMarv}} I'm here to do some business.
:;(If you haven't submitted the items yet)
::'''Liben:''' The items needed today are as such.
:;(If you have already submitted the items)
::'''Liben:''' I thought you'd already taken a Box o' Marvels for today? That said, feel free to inspect the others. You'll see that I don't cheat any of my customers.
:{{DIcon}} Can you run me through what happened to you again?
::'''Liben:''' I'm Liben, and once upon a time I sold curios.
::'''Liben:''' Recently, I lost all the money I made plying the trade route to Sumeru on my Inazuma venture. So it's back to the old business with me.
::{{DIcon}} What kind of business is that?
:::'''Liben:''' Simple. You find me a few basic everyday items, cooking ingredients and the like, and then you trade them with me for a Box o' Marvels, full of all kinds of nice little treasures.
:::'''Liben:''' Keep in mind that I've filled these Boxes o' Marvels with the fortune I made in my time as a seller of curios. There's no booby prizes to be found here, and I treat all my customers the same.
:::'''Liben:''' Why box them up and turn it into a lucky draw, you ask?
:::'''Liben:''' What can I say, people like a gift box. It just makes everyone a little more inclined to get involved.
::{{DIcon}} How are you going to earn any Mora like this?
:::'''Liben:''' I'll probably continue plying the Sumeru trade route.
:::'''Liben:''' Still, there's something fishy going on in Sumeru. Once I finish this job, I'm going to relax for a while.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Liben:''' See you around.
{{Dialogue end}}

[[pt-br:Mercadorias Maravilhosas/2.6/História]]
[[ru:Изумительные изделия/2022-05-06/История]]