{{EventTabs
|rootpage=Marvelous Merchandise/2021-12-27
|gallery=false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(First conversation)
:'''Liben:''' Hello there, friend! Long time no see!
:{{DIcon}} Hey, Liben!
:'''Liben:''' You're in good spirits, I see, hehe!
:'''Liben:''' How've you been these days? Tell you what, I recently got a license to do business in Inazuma.
:'''Liben:''' Have you been there?
:{{DIcon}} I have.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:'''Liben:''' Haha, no worries, no worries! I mean, I am here to brag, after all.
:'''Liben:''' ...Not that there's much to brag about, though. I'm flat broke at the moment.
:{{DIcon}} Huh!?
:'''Liben:''' Basically, I took a commission from a researcher from Sumeru to bring a prototype card game named "[[Genius Invokation TCG]]" to [[Yae Publishing House]] in Inazuma.
:'''Liben:''' Afterward, I chanced upon a business opportunity, and to that end, I purchased a lot of [[Ms. Hina]] publications, along with commemorative [[Taroumaru]] coins from the [[Komore Teahouse]].
:'''Liben:''' I don't really know why, but Inazumans really love this stuff. So there I was, thinking that I'd be able to make a quick buck...
:{{DIcon}} Let me guess...
:'''Liben:''' In the end, the deposit for the Taroumaru coins was stolen!
:'''Liben:''' I mean, come on. Those things had commemorative value, so how could the price plummet so low from such a high value?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you shouldn't have bought high...
:'''Liben:''' Either way, it's all over now &mdash; we're back to square one.
:'''Liben:''' I trust that our deal's still on, all things in spite?

;(Talk to Liben)
:'''Liben:''' Ah, hello there. Need something?
:{{DIcon|BoxOfMarv}} I'm here to do some business.
:;(If you haven't submitted the items yet)
::'''Liben:''' The items needed today are as such.
:;(If you have already submitted the items)
::'''Liben:''' I thought you'd already taken a Box o' Marvels for today? That said, feel free to inspect the others. You'll see that I don't cheat any of my customers.
:{{DIcon}} Can you run me through what happened to you again?
::'''Liben:''' I'm Liben, and once upon a time I sold curios.
::'''Liben:''' Recently, I lost all the money I made plying the trade route to Sumeru on my Inazuma venture. So it's back to the old business with me.
::{{DIcon}} What kind of business is that?
:::'''Liben:''' Simple. You find me a few basic everyday items, cooking ingredients and the like, and then you trade them with me for a Box o' Marvels, full of all kinds of nice little treasures.
:::'''Liben:''' Keep in mind that I've filled these Boxes o' Marvels with the fortune I made in my time as a seller of curios. There's no booby prizes to be found here, and I treat all my customers the same.
:::'''Liben:''' Why box them up and turn it into a lucky draw, you ask?
:::'''Liben:''' What can I say, people like a gift box. It just makes everyone a little more inclined to get involved.
::{{DIcon}} How are you going to earn any Mora like this?
:::'''Liben:''' I'll probably continue plying the Sumeru trade route.
:::'''Liben:''' Still, there's something fishy going on in Sumeru. Once I finish this job, I'm going to relax for a while.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Liben:''' See you around.
{{Dialogue end}}

[[ru:Изумительные_изделия/2021-12-27/История]]