{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74004
|image         = World Quest Mary-Ann's Story.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Ann of the Narzissenkreuz
|act           = "If She No Longer Dreams of You..."
|actNum        = III
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ann; "Mary-Ann"; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Ann's Story
|next          = Initial Facts
|next2         = Unfinished Story
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 584
|repTitle      = Ann's Story: Prologue
}}
'''''Mary-Ann's Story''''' is the only quest in the series [[Ann of the Narzissenkreuz]] Act III: ''[["If She No Longer Dreams of You..."]]''.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Ann]]
# Find the owner of the voice
# Talk to [[Mary-Ann]]
# Follow Mary-Ann
# Feed the "dog"
# Talk to Mary-Ann
# Go with the flow...
# Talk to Ann

==Gameplay Notes==
* Ann will stay by the player's side as long as they remain in [[Chemin de L'Espoir]] and [[Annapausis]]. "Equipment"-type [[Gadget]]s can be equipped, but will not visually appear.
* A teleport waypoint, An Adventure With the Oceanid Ann, becomes available at the start of the quest.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Ann in Wonderland}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have arrived at [["The Real Annapausis"|"the real Annapausis."]]}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!
;(If the player has interacted with [[Canotila and the Book of Revealing|the Book of Revealing]])
::{{DIcon}} Huh. Just like in the book [[Canotila]] found.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. That's... really odd...
;(If the player has interacted with the book in the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]])
::{{DIcon}} Feels like that book we saw in the Institute of Natural Philosophy...
::'''Paimon:''' Huh. Paimon doesn't know. But it feels different somehow...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to say that the book's contents were really weird, but it's really not much when compared to this, is it?
:'''Ann:''' The world should be like this, not like how it is outside. Children should be able to play under the sun and in the grass without fear of hindrance or harm.
:'''Paimon:''' This place does feel pretty comfy, yeah. Paimon feels way better than she did back when we were adventuring throughout the kingdom. There was no sunlight there at all!
:{{DIcon}} Is that how it is?
:{{DIcon}} One mystery follows another.
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Never mind that... This place really is nice! It's gotta be Princess [[Lyris]]'s garden, right? Say, {{Traveler}}, when our adventures are over, why don't we find a place like this to live?
:'''Paimon:''' We can eat tasty fruits, plant lots of Sweet Flowers, and we can invite our friends over as guests! We could all live together happily. What do you say?
:{{DIcon}} Eh, sure.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, then it's agreed! Still, we should focus on helping Ann find the Princess first, huh?
:{{DIcon}} ...Let's put a pin in that for now.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, that's true. We've gotta help Ann find the Princess first, don't we?
:'''???:''' Hide and seek, hide and seek, where did Mary and her friends go? ♪
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Sounds like someone's singing over there...

:'''Paimon:''' Let's go have a look! Maybe the people here can help us!

;(Approach Mary-Ann)
:'''???:''' Hide and seek, hide and seek, where did Mary and her friends go? ♪<br>To a great sea without borders, to the place from which all lives flow. ♪
:'''Paimon:''' Hey there!
:'''???:''' Oh, hi!
:'''???:''' I'm sorry. I was just preparing some tea and didn't notice you. Come, sit. Snacks will be ready soon!
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, snacks!
:'''???:''' Yes, and ours are very good.
:'''???:''' Ah, but I must say this first. We can only start once the bell rings. It would be quite rude to do otherwise.
:'''???:''' Where are you from, by the way? Why, you are a fascinating combination, aren't you? {{MC|m=A handsome young man|f=A lovely young lady}}, a small little [[Oceanid]], and your beautiful, floating friend.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. Paimon's Paimon, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s {{Traveler}}!
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' (Huh. Is it just Paimon, or does Ann look unhappy?)
:{{DIcon}} (She might have been reminded of something.)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, and this Oceanid is our friend, Ann!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Oh, my. A fine name indeed. In that case, please call me Mary-Ann.
;(If the player has completed ''[[Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog]]'')
::{{DIcon}} Mary-Ann...
::'''Paimon:''' Ugh, y'know, Paimon's sure we've heard this name before...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' My, what a pleasant surprise. It has been a long time since I've met someone from outside. Where are you from?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, well, we're...
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, Paimon's not sure either. We defeated the fell dragon Narcissus, and then we ended up here somehow...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' The "fell dragon Narcissus," you say? That must've been a frightening foe.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Did you think so, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Not really...
:{{DIcon}} In a manner of speaking, I suppose.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' My, I've heard that Narcissus has hurt many, and has turned many kingdoms to ash. Defeating him was an impressive feat indeed!
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, so you know about him, too? Great! We're from the Narzissenkreuz Kingdom, and we're looking for Princess Lyris. Do you know where we might find her?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' "Princess Lyris," you say... I'm afraid I do not know.
:'''Ann:''' But she should be here...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Is that the case, Ann? But I have lived here for a long, long time, and yet I have never seen any princess. Perhaps she might be somewhere else?
:'''Paimon:''' Is that so? But before we came here, we read a book about that princess, and how she's beautiful and kind and stuff...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I'm afraid I'm unfamiliar with any such person... On the flipside, you, {{Traveler}}, do quite look like a {{MC|m=prince|f=princess}} from a distant land!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''???:''' (You hear the sound of a bell...)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Is that the bell?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Yes! That's the signal for teatime. In the past, the children would throw down their wooden swords the moment they heard this bell, and they would come into the hall to have snacks!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' They're not here now, but I think it best to follow the rules all the same. They'd be quite disappointed otherwise, I suspect. Well then, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} Don't mind if I do.
::'''Paimon:''' Hurray, snacks!
::{{Black Screen|You and Paimon enjoy the snacks together.<br>They look very beautiful, but they are tasteless like pure water.}}
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, but I'm not hungry at the moment...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe! In that case, your share's Paimon's!
::{{Black Screen|Paimon happily digs in.<br>As you watch her enjoy the snacks, you find yourself feeling a little peckish, too.}}
:'''Mary-Ann:''' How were they?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, they were great... Although Paimon couldn't really... taste them? Are you on a low-sugar diet or something, Mary-Ann?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Hmm? My apologies, Paimon. I just made them as I remember them, so I'm not sure if they'll taste all that good...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, don't worry about it! At... at least Paimon's full now!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Well, in that case, let me take you all out on a stroll!

;(Follow Mary-Ann)
:'''Mary-Ann:''' This is a flower garden that we've painstakingly taken care of. Lovely, isn't it?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I've heard [[Basil Elton|Basil]] say that caring for children is like caring for a flower. You need good soil, sufficient sunlight, frequent watering, and you can't let them grow however they want.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, sounds like this Basil is pretty smart!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' In fact, we must get rid of pests from time to time as well.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, actually, Basil sounds pretty dangerous too.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Ah, she is very capable indeed. Making snacks, caring for flowers, she can do it all. It would be nice if I could introduce her to you.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I have been caring for the flowers here all this time, in the hopes that some friends might come, and I might show them how they have bloomed. And well, here you are!
:'''Paimon:''' Well... It's a shame that they aren't in bloom right now, though.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Well, we just need to water them, and they'll be fine!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Hide and seek, hide and seek, where did Mary and her friends go? ♪<br>To the halls of sea-born foam, to watch the sunflowers in bloom. ♪
:{{Black Screen|As the drops of water stain the soil of the garden black, the sunflowers spring from the earth, grow quickly, and bloom.}}
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Aren't they beautiful?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? That was quick!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Well, they've been waiting for friends to arrive, after all. And with your arrival, ah, they were so excited! All they needed then was a little encouragement, a little rain to get them going.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so that's how it is... Nature really is amazing, huh?
:{{DIcon}} I suspect this exceeds the realm of "amazing."
:{{DIcon}} Nature really is amazing!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Do you like them, Ann?
:'''Ann:''' They're very beautiful, like gleaming gold.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I knew you would. I love them too, after all.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' You're from a very, very faraway place, aren't you, {{Traveler}}? What sort of flowers bloom there?
:{{DIcon}} {{MC|m=(Describe the flowers your sister wears in her hair.)|f=The flowers I wear in my hair.}}
:'''Mary-Ann:''' {{MC|m=Ah... Those do sound like lovely flowers.|f=I thought those flowers were beautiful the moment I saw you.}}
:{{DIcon}} But I fear that they'll be hard to find now.
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' ...Then let us speak of other flowers! I've always been in Fontaine, and I've never gone elsewhere. That said, [[Rene|a friend of mine]] has been to [[Sumeru]]. I heard from him that there are many flowers there that can't be found here.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Those that [[Kalpalata Lotus|grow on cliffs]], ones that [[Nilotpala Lotus|only open at night]]. Some even [[Henna Berry|grow on cacti]]...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Haha, and that's when he realized that there were no cacti in Fontaine, and had to give me a separate explanation. He was always the serious sort, and he was the smartest of us when we were young...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Ahem. Sorry, I'm talking to myself. It must be a little too exciting for me, meeting new friends like this. Well, then, Paimon. Have you seen any special flowers?
:'''Paimon:''' Um, [[Mondstadt]]'s dandelions come to mind!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Dandelions! Oh, do you have any of their delightful seeds with you?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, well, we might?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Dandelions, dandelions, bloom, bloom, bloom~ ♪
:{{Black Screen|Dandelion seeds can indeed be found on Paimon.<br>Mary-Ann happily plants them in the soil.}}
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Ah, yes! What sort of flower is a dandelion?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Paimon thought you knew! Well, um, how should we put this... The dandelion flower is made of many tiny white flowers, and these white flowers have seeds on them.
:'''Paimon:''' When the wind blows, these tiny flowers will scatter along with the wind, and they will take root and sprout elsewhere, eventually making new flowers. Cool, huh?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Wow, they really are. I didn't know such a flower existed, but I have heard about something similar!
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh! What sorta flower is that?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' It's not a flower, but it's a story about water. In a certain place, there was a peaceful body of water...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Later, with disturbance, there came ripples, and droplets appeared in those ripples, droplets that had life in them. This life left the water, and turned into different forms.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' But though they were all made of water, gulfs opened between them due to these differences. Each drop of life was very weak, but each was beautiful in its own way.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' The dandelions you spoke of, Paimon, reminded me a lot of that story. A flower that was once united as one would be separated, would bloom, and each piece would become itself.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' But a single drop of water is weak and will dry up easily. Together, they will be strong... and yet, they will no longer be themselves. Is that how it is with dandelions, too?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Do you think that's a good thing?
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Paimon doesn't really get it. What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} They may be weak, but the distance is necessary.
:{{DIcon}} It might not be a bad thing for them to unite.
:{{DIcon}} People can unite and yet maintain their personhood.
::'''Mary-Ann:''' Hmm. Can they, really?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' ...I think I understand where you're coming from, {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' What you're talking about sounds like what happened to [[Al]], [[Petit Chou]], and the others. To help us, they melded into one, turning into that big bubble...
:'''Ann:''' Yes. I still remember.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Well. It might be meaningless to say this now.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Let's have a little walk again, shall we? Ah, yes! I can take you to see our dog!

;(Follow Mary-Ann)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so you've got a dog, Mary-Ann?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Yes. He's a silly dog who has always accompanied me, and that's also why he's my best friend.

;(Reach the doghouse)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm, Paimon doesn't see him, though...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' He'll come when it's feeding time. Since you're my guest, {{Traveler}}, please, do the honors.

;(Feed the dog)
:'''"Doggie":''' {{MC|m=Noble Sir|f=Noble Miss}}, it is an honor to receive food from you. A pleasure to see you again as well, Ms. Mary-Ann.
:{{DIcon}} ?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Oh, you good doggie!
:'''Paimon:''' Um... good doggie?
:'''"Doggie":''' And how do you do, dear little Miss?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, uh, thanks for being polite and all, but... Ann, what's going on?
:'''Ann:''' I don't know... But this can't be [[Mori]].
:'''Mary-Ann:''' He has always kept me company.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. Does this mean that we've been wrong all along about what dogs really look like?
:{{DIcon}} Hard to say.
:{{DIcon}} I doubt it.
:{{DIcon}} Don't fuss over the details too much.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Water can take any shape, and life can choose what form it must take. This, however, has nothing to do with its essence. That is a different matter.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, didn't Al say something similarly weird?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I have heard something similar said, that the body is a prison that restricts evolution. That person was once a child, like all the others.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' We and many others heard him tell many stories. About how all life was originally formless, like water, and how there were no barriers between souls, thus allowing them to compose an endless story.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Many have forsaken their bodies, for if water can be withdrawn from blood, so too, can will be drawn out from one's form.
:'''Ann:''' ...But if you were to try to sprinkle water on the blackened dust that remains, it will not become blood again.
:'''Paimon:''' Ann?
:'''Ann:''' I... I remember something... Even though I really didn't want to.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' How much do you remember, Ann?
:'''Ann:''' ...I don't know. There's just this flood of... feelings and scenes. Happy words and angry ones... I'm not sure...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I understand.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' You go first, alright? And remember, be a good dog.
:'''"Doggie":''' Understood. See you, Ms. Mary-Ann. See you, dear guests.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, this is bad. The number of things that don't make sense just keeps going up! If we hadn't seen the dog, Paimon would've forgotten all that stuff already!
:'''Paimon:''' Didn't we say we were going to rescue Princess Lyris?
:'''Ann:''' That's right...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' My apologies, but there is no Princess here. Only us. Today, we were simply fortunate to receive guests.
:'''Ann:''' But this is the end of the path. She has to be here!
:'''Paimon:''' But Mary-Ann said...
:'''Paimon:''' Um, so, that's gotta mean that one of you is mistaken, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Right? {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} Do you really want to hear what I have to say?
::'''Ann & "Mary-Ann":''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! You've got the bigger brain here, don't you?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, all we experienced so far was just a "story."
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, b&mdash;but didn't we team up with the Narzissenkreuz Adventure Team to defeat Narcissus's henchmen? Wasn't that real?
:{{DIcon}} Think about it for a moment, Paimon...
::{{DIcon}} Is there even a Narzissenkreuz Kingdom amongst the seven nations?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. You're right. Paimon didn't think of that!
:'''Paimon:''' So, the adventure team... Al, Petit Chou, [[Colonel Kate]], [[Jak]], Mori, the two of us... and our adventures... They were all just characters in a story?
:'''Paimon:''' No, that can't be! Paimon can't accept that!
:'''Paimon:''' Didn't we encounter all kinds of stuff after going through the portal in the tower? There's a lot of stuff there that wouldn't fit if this was just a story.
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, like how there was no Holy Blade mentioned at the start, and how a sealed tower still had monsters and Bubble Formations inside it!
:'''Ann:''' Paimon... I think I understand what {{Traveler}} is trying to say. So, all the things that happened after we ascended the tower are things outside the realm of the story. Is that right?
:{{DIcon}} More accurately, those parts of the story have not yet been written.
:'''Ann:''' So, the Holy Blade, Narcissus... These were still inside the story. It's just that they had not been arranged correctly yet.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon still finds it hard to imagine anyone {{sic|who}} would create such a huge building just for a story...
:{{DIcon}} I believe the structure already existed.
::{{DIcon}} It was just used as the setting for the story.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' ...
:'''Ann:''' So that means that the things I recalled along the way were things that happened here before... and I'm just a character in a story...
:{{DIcon}} You're not merely a character.
::{{DIcon}} The fact that you can think about this means that you can remember it.
:'''Paimon:''' But if that's the case, who is Ann...?
:'''Ann:''' I am... Ann. I must rescue Princess Lyris...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Alright, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and dearest Ann. Our time is up. I enjoyed our time together, but I'm afraid it is time for you to leave.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Why did you have to say it was fiction if you already knew? Spare a thought for Ann's feelings, at least...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm?
:{{Black Screen|Your vision blurs and you suddenly feel weightless, as the temperature of the once-warm air plunges rapidly.<br>It is as if you have slipped and fallen into frozen waters.}}
:'''Paimon:''' What? What happened!?
:'''Ann:''' B&mdash;But...!
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Shh. There's no need to say anything, Ann.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I once heard my best friend tell a story about a beautiful princess trapped in a high tower.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Before you arrived, I had a dream. I dreamed that I was a small, brave Oceanid, and we set out to save the Princess...
:'''Mary-Ann:''' And perhaps there are princesses in this world, and dragons, too. But I also know that the world's affairs are rarely this simple. Why would a dragon be concerned with a princess, after all?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' After waking up, I would find this dream laughable, yet nostalgic, every time I thought about it. Do you remember now, Ann?
:'''Ann:''' No! There has to be some other way. If I can't save Princess Lyris... Then what of my birth? My only wish? Do they have no meaning?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Don't say that, Ann.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Your birth was a beautiful accident. As things stand, "I" can only wish for you to live on for your own sake. Go, see the world, and see how it has changed these past years.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I wish for you to have your own soul, memories, personality, and wishes.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I wish for you to be the master of your own fate, and to experience all the beauty of the real world. Can you do that for me?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' It was a pleasure to meet you, {{Traveler}}, Paimon &mdash; and it was my pleasure to meet you too, Ann.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' But the Annapausis is our tomb. I do not wish for you to linger here.
:'''Paimon:''' Mary-Ann... Why are you saying that? We can find a way to help you, can't we?
:'''Mary-Ann:''' Haha. I sense that you are good-hearted and powerful indeed. Thank you, Paimon, {{Traveler}}.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' I'm just someone who sometimes enjoys dreaming of lovely adventures and wonderful futures. But I know what happened in the past. I already know that there's no going back.
:'''Mary-Ann:''' In the real world, everything has already ended... so this is farewell.
:;(The room floods)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You seem to have reached the end of the story.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Reach the end of the current)
:'''Paimon:''' Ann...
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Ann:''' I'm sorry, Knight {{Traveler}}, Paimon...
:'''Ann:''' I had already started to feel that some things were off earlier in the adventure. As you led me off the story's track, I started to understand and recall some things.
:'''Ann:''' But I... still want to rescue "Princess Lyris." That is the reason for which I was born. I want to save her and bring this story to a happy end.
:'''Ann:''' I mean, I don't even know who she is. I only know that she is a gentle, lovely princess, trapped due to Narcissus's invasion.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Ann, at least... at least we had fun while traveling with the adventure team, right?
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Um, {{Traveler}}... Did you know that things would turn out this way?
:{{DIcon}} No. I thought we could help Ann.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if that's the case, we can still help Ann.
:'''Ann:''' Huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't understand anything Mary-Ann said there at the end. Did you, Ann?
:'''Ann:''' I did, sort of. I could sense that she was speaking of something terrible that happened in the past...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon feels that that's unfair &mdash; not just to you, Ann, but to us too!
:'''Paimon:''' That's why we've gotta find out what happened, at least. If we do, we can come up with some sort of plan!
:'''Paimon:''' Whether it be saving the Princess or figuring out what Mary-Ann said, or whatever, we just wanna help you, Ann! Isn't that right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} This "story" isn't over, Ann.
:{{DIcon}} We'll find a way.
:'''Ann:''' Okay...
:'''Paimon:''' Still, if this is all just a story, then there's one thing Paimon doesn't get. What role do we play, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I can't be sure, but I think we're most likely...
::{{DIcon}} Undefined factors.
::::{{DIcon}} And that's why we can bring this story to an end.
::{{DIcon}} An accident.
::::{{DIcon}} And that's why we can bring this story to an end.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon gets it. So that's why Ann found us and brought us into the story.
:'''Paimon:''' You might not have thought about it, Ann, but since we've been able to knock this story off course, that means that we've opened all sorts of unknown possibilities. Isn't that right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} You could say that.
:'''Ann:''' *sniff* Thank you, Knight {{Traveler}}. Thank you, Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' That's why we also need your help, Ann. And since we need to continue our adventure, well... Can you think of anything that could help us figure out what to do next?
:'''Ann:''' Hmm... Let me think...
:'''Ann:''' My memories contain a place known as the {{color|buzzword|Narzissenkreuz Ordo}}. This place appears to have very deep connections to past events.
;(If the player has interacted with the book in the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]])
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, y'know, Paimon just realized that this name has something to do with the Kingdom and Adventure Team in Ann's story...
::{{DIcon}} Only just?
:::'''Paimon:''' C'mon, we were busy adventuring &mdash; there wasn't that much time for Paimon to think!
::{{DIcon}} Gasp! Shock! So that's it!
::'''Ann:''' Do you know of the Narzissenkreuz Ordo?
::'''Paimon:''' Yup, and we also met some people who are really connected to it. They might be able to help us.
::'''Paimon:''' In any case, let's go!
;(If the player has not interacted with the book in the Institute of Natural Philosophy)
::'''Paimon:''' That's true. Narzissenkreuz Kingdom... Adventure Team... Yeah, they seem connected, alright.
::'''Paimon:''' Do you have any idea where this Ordo might be?
::'''Ann:''' No...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right. We're very experienced adventurers &mdash; if you need it found, we'll find it!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en    = Mary-Ann's Story
|zhs   = 玛丽安的故事
|zhs_rm = Mǎlì'ān de Gùshì
|zht   = 瑪麗安的故事
|zht_rm = Mǎlì'ān de Gùshì
|zh_tl = Mary-Ann's Story
|ja    = マリアンの物語
|ja_rm = Marian no Monogatari
|ja_tl = Mary-Ann's Story
|ko    = 마리안의 이야기
|ko_rm = Marian-ui Iyagi
|ko_tl = Mary-Ann's Story
|es    = La historia de Marianne
|es_tl = The Story of Mary-Ann
|fr    = L'histoire de Mary-Ann
|fr_tl = The Story of Mary-Ann
|ru    = История Мари-Анн
|ru_tl = Mary-Ann's Story
|th    = เรื่องราวของ Mary-Ann
|th_rm = 
|th_tl = 
|vi    = Câu Chuyện Của Mary-Ann
|vi_tl = 
|de    = Mary-Anns Geschichte
|de_tl = Mary-Ann's Story
|id    = Kisah Mary-Ann
|id_tl = Mary-Ann's Story
|pt    = A História de Mary-Ann
|pt_tl = 
|tr    = Mary-Ann'in Hikayesi
|tr_tl = 
|it    = La storia di Mary-Ann
|it_tl = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}