{{About|the deceased character|the NPC|Nameless}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|deceased         = Past
|affiliation      = Tenryou Commission
|affiliationNote  = Formerly
|affiliation2     = Watatsumi Army
|region           = Inazuma
}}
'''Masanori''' {{Lang|ja=公義}} was an Inazuman who is mentioned in the [[Family Letter]], [[Tattered Letter]] and by [[Matsudaira]].

==Profile==
Masanori, along with [[Nameless|Kenji Kazumichi]], were children from an unnamed Inazuman village that practiced in the art of the sword. Despite being ridiculed, Masanori did not heed them and both continued to be friends as they grew, eventually joining the [[Shogun's Army]] and joining the [[Tenryou Commission]] to fight against the [[Watatsumi Army]]. Due to his training with Kenji, the two men were promoted to the rank of Hatamoto.

Like many other Tenryou soldiers, Masanori was instilled with loyalty to the Shogun's rule and that the rebels had sealed their fate by opposing her. During a battle against the resistance, Masanori killed a rebel soldier, searched the corpse and discovered a bloodied letter on them. He was horrified to realize that the slain rebel was a senior of theirs at the village and began doubting the war's cause. He had intended to return the letter to the senior's family, but other Tenryou soldiers somehow learned of it and began treating him like a traitor, speaking behind his back and intentionally trying to get him killed on the battlefield.

As a result, Masanori opted to desert the Shogun's Army and joined the Resistance to atone for his sins, writing another [[Tattered Letter|letter]] to Kenji in the hope that they could reconcile after the war ended. However, Masanori was killed in another battle, presumably by Kenji. His death drew Kenji insane and he too deserted the Shogun's Army, becoming a [[Kairagi]] known as "[[Nameless]]". Nameless was troubled by Masanori's death and sought the aid of the [[Traveler]] to help regain his memories, eventually coming to believe that Masanori was his own name.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Masanori
|zhs      = 公义
|zhs_rm   = Gōngyì
|zht      = 公義
|zht_rm   = Gōngyì
|ja       = 公義
|ja_rm    = Masanori
|ko       = 마사노리
|ko_rm    = Masanori
|es       = Masanori
|fr       = Masanori
|ru       = Масанори
|th       = Masanori
|vi       = Masanori
|de       = Masanori
|id       = Masanori
|pt       = Masanori
}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->