{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Masterpiece's Overture.png
|set   = Marechaussee Hunter
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A portable tool used to adjust the torque on some old-school clockwork machine. It has since lost its practical value.}}
'''Masterpiece's Overture''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Marechaussee Hunter]].

==Description==
A small tool used to adjust clockwork torque. Can be used on all manner of clockwork motors.<br>
These would become outmoded with the arrival of [[Alain Guillotin]]'s "new model" [[Clockwork Meka|clockwork meka]],<br>
Which have themselves ceased to be "new" following several hundred years of further testing.

Now, regarding Alain Guillotin,<br>
Before he joined, then left the [[Marechaussee Phantom]], before finally setting up the [[Fontaine Research Institute|Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering]],<br>
Guillotin organized research into energy at the now-ruined [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]].<br>
It is said that he, throughout his life, was close to no one but his [[Mary-Ann Guillotin|younger sister]], who also served in the Marechaussee.

There are many legends concerning him. One of them is as follows&mdash;<br>
It is said that he was able to create a [[Seymour|thinking machine]] during his time at the Institute,<br>
And used this machine to aid his sister in her work at the Marechaussee.<br>
These statements largely come from previous colleagues of his (most of whom died fighting [[Elynas (NPC)|Elynas]]),<br>
And since there was no physical evidence of it, it has never entered official record.<br>
Once, when asked about this, he commented: "It's a great shame. There's nothing to be said."<br>
He never again responded to any questions or inquiries relating to the matter.

Another goes as such&mdash;<br>
In his old age, he retired from the Fontaine Research Institute to his workshop, and he would see no one.<br>
The research he undertook in his final years was never published,<br>
And after the matter, the only things that could be found in his personal workshop were signs that something had been built.

In latter years, these legends would function similarly to that work of Coppelius's that could not be performed to completion,<br>
Stoking imaginations, granting inspiration, and driving ever greater efforts.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Masterpiece's Overture
|zhs     = 杰作的序曲
|zhs_rm  = Jiézuò de Xùqǔ
|zht     = 傑作的序曲
|zht_rm  = Jiézuò de Xùqǔ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 傑作の序曲
|ja_rm   = Kessaku no Jokyoku
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 걸작의 서곡
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Obertura Maestra
|es_tl   = Masterpiece Overture
|fr      = Prologue du chef d'œuvre
|fr_tl   = Masterpiece's Prologue
|ru      = Увертюра шедевра
|ru_tl   = Masterpiece's Overture
|th      = Masterpiece's Overture
|vi      = Khúc Dạo Đầu Kiệt Tác
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auftakt eines Meisterwerks
|de_tl   = Prelude of a Masterpiece
|id      = Masterpiece's Overture
|pt      = Abertura de Obra-prima
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Şaheserin Girişi
|tr_tl   = Masterpiece's Introduction
|it      = Ouverture di un capolavoro
|it_tl   = Masterpiece's Overture
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Marechaussee Hunter}}

[[fr:Prologue du chef-d'œuvre]]
[[ja:傑作の序曲]]
[[tr:Şaheserin Girişi]]
[[uk:Увертюра шедевру]]
[[vi:Khúc Dạo Đầu Kiệt Tác]]
[[zh:傑作的序曲]]