{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Leo Minor Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Leo Minor Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Jean
|ARReq          = 34
|storyQuestReq  = [[Trifolium Chapter]]: Act I - [[True Treasure]]
}}
'''Master's Day Off''' is the first act of [[Jean]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Leo Minor Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed {{Quest|True Treasure}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 34.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] and the [[Knights of Favonius]] need to fill in the Acting Grandmaster's shoes after overwork stress by various commissions took her toll.

==List of Quests==
# [[When the West Wind Arises (Quest)]]
# The following quests can be done in any order:
#* [[Margaret's Longing]]
#* [[Charles' Troubles]]
#* [[Sara's Worries]]
# [[Master's Day Off (Quest)]]

==Summary==
;When the West Wind Arises
The Traveler and [[Paimon]] are wandering around the [[City of Mondstadt]] when they pass by [[Good Hunter]] and are flagged down by [[Sara]]. Sara tells them to send a commission to [[Jean]] to rid the road between Mondstadt and [[Springvale]] of [[hilichurls]]. Sara also tells them to visit [[Charles]] at [[Angel's Share]] as he also has a request to submit.

Arriving at Angel's Share, Charles tells them that he needs Jean to send him his quarterly tax returns so [[Elzer]] can do his accounting. He admits that Jean makes their lives a lot easier and that the people take them for granted, but feels bad when Paimon suggests that they are putting her under pressure.

As the two return to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], they run into [[Margaret]], who is looking for her cat, Prince. She asks them to tell Jean to help her look for her cat, promising them to a brew at [[Cat's Tail]] for their services. Upon arriving at Jean's office, they inform her of the commissions, but she faints shortly after hearing them. The Traveler brings her to [[Barbara]] at the [[Favonius Cathedral]], who tells them to return to headquarters. They then meet with [[Kaeya]], who shoves the commissions the Traveler reported to Jean to them, claiming that he would be at ease if their Honorary Knight did them.

The Traveler, returning to the three, find that [[Amber]] and [[Lisa]] are taking care of the original commission, but they still have something else to be done. Charles tells them that [[Ernest]] is late with his delivery, and the Traveler discovers that he had been ambushed by hilichurls and protects the convoy on his behalf. Sara on the other hand, is swamped by a large amount of orders, which the Traveler helps complete for her. They also find [[Venti]] with Margaret, who tells them that Prince had made off with his astral strings, since he usually rolls them into a ball, which cats are attracted to. The Traveler finds Prince and the strings.
----
;Master's Day Off
With all three commissions complete, the Traveler returns to the Cathedral, where Jean has already left. Barbara tells them that Jean went off to [[Windrise]], stating that Jean always goes there whenever she's confused. Arriving at the huge tree, Jean thanks the Traveler for their assistance, while Paimon notes that she's still struggling. Jean tells them that she wants to be like [[Vennessa]], fearing that her efforts are not good enough to match the first Grand Master.

Jean then senses an [[Abyss Mages|Abyss Mage]], who reveals itself and is disgusted by the Traveler and Paimon's appearance, as Jean was weakened enough for it to kill her. It then flees, prompting Jean to chase after it. Still exhausted from her work however, the Traveler offers their assistance to her, which she gratefully accepts. They chase the mage to its domain and defeat it, returning to Mondstadt. As they return, [[Swan]] quickly tells them to head to Angel's Share as they need her, but does not disclose any further information.

Arriving at the tavern, Jean is surprised to see that instead of a fight, there is a surprise party - for her, hosted by her fellow Knights. Jean is still worried about the incomplete commissions, but they reveal that all of them had been done - Amber helped clear the hilichurls, [[Lisa]] dealt with the tax returns, while Venti credits the Traveler for catching Prince and bringing back his astral strings. Kaeya reveals that the Traveler was the key organizer, as they had prepared the special dishes for them in advance. [[Diluc]] also offered his tavern for providing a venue despite his reluctance with the Knights, but is still grateful to Jean for the work she does for the people.

With the party underway, Lisa reveals to the Traveler that Jean went upstairs to think alone. Meeting with Jean, she thanks them for lifting her spirits and concludes that she is more of a Dandelion Knight than a Lionfang Knight, as she is working to preserve the future that Vennessa had hoped for. She hopes that the Traveler will continue to assist the Knights in the foreseeable future.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Master's Day Off|type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Master's Day Off
|zhs     = 骑士团长的一日假期
|zhs_rm  = Qíshì-tuán Zhǎng de Yī Rì Jiàqī
|zht     = 騎士團長的一日假期
|zht_rm  = Qíshì-tuán Zhǎng de Yī Rì Jiàqí
|zh_tl   = Knight Master's One-Day Holiday
|ja      = 騎士団団長のお休み
|ja_rm   = Kishi-dan Danchou no Oyasumi
|ja_tl   = Knight's Leader's Day Off
|ko      = 기사단 단장의 하루 휴가
|ko_rm   = Gisa-dan Danjang-ui Haru Hyuga
|ko_tl   = Knight Master's One-day Vacation
|es      = El día libre de una Gran Maestra
|es_tl   = The Day off of a Grand Master
|fr      = Journée de repos pour la Grande Maîtresse
|fr_tl   = Leisure Day for the Grand Master
|ru      = У магистра выходной
|ru_tl   = Grand Master's Day Off
|th      = วันหยุดของหัวหน้ากองอัศวิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Một Ngày Nghỉ Của Đội Trưởng Kỵ Sĩ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ferien für den Großmeister
|de_tl   = Holidays for the Grandmaster
|id      = Hari Libur Grand Master
|id_tl   = Grand Master's Holiday
|pt      = O Dia Livre de um Cavaleiro de Favonius
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kumandan'ın İzin Günü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Giorno di riposo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:El día libre de una Gran Maestra]]
[[fr:Journée de repos pour la Grande Maîtresse]]
[[ja:騎士団団長のお休み]]
[[pt-br:O Dia Livre de um Cavaleiro de Favonius]]
[[ru:У магистра выходной]]
[[vi:Một Ngày Nghỉ Của Đội Trưởng Kỵ Sĩ]]