{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Masud.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = "Phantom Toy Master"

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Madiha
|relativeNote     = grandmother

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Masud''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses]]''. [[Madiha]] is the [[Hydro Eidolon]] version of his grandmother, seen in the [[Veluriyam Mirage]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
<!--
==Profile==
Detailed story/lore information goes here.
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Masud}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Masud:''' (Go on, toys, spread happiness to people...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Masud:''' Dear traveler from afar, how has your Rocking Carriage experience been?
:{{DIcon|Rocking Carriage}} Gotta give it another try first.
::'''Masud:''' Fair enough. Rock to the rhythm of the carriage!
:{{DIcon}} I've got some suggestions...
::'''Masud:''' Do tell, do tell. I'm listening.
::{{DIcon}} The carriage moves a little too slowly.
:::'''Masud:''' Ah, I see you're quite the speedrun enthusiast. Must be the sensory stimulation, eh?
:::'''Masud:''' That said, the Rocking Carriage is intended for the general public's enjoyment. I suspect that many children, ladies, and older folks might lack your alacrity.
:::'''Masud:''' I could try developing, say, a "Great Eremite Labyrinth Escape" for you, featuring greatly accelerated gameplay.
:::'''Masud:''' I'm sure that will not fail to satisfy!
::{{DIcon}} We weren't challenged enough.
:::'''Masud:''' I see. So you're the sort who prefers a challenge, then. The harder the challenge, the more you enjoy overcoming it.
:::'''Masud:''' I should say that the Rocking Carriage is a leisurely festive game, and many tourists prefer a simple, relaxing time.
:::'''Masud:''' After all, most people don't spend much time studying a game they just encountered. Making things too complicated risks scaring potential players off.
:::'''Masud:''' But what I could do for you is try developing a "Forest Ranger's Great Fungus Adventure" with additional obstacles of all sorts, even some moving puzzles.
:::'''Masud:''' I'm sure that will satisfy your desires.
::{{DIcon}} There was no combat during the drive.
:::'''Masud:''' Ah, so you're the type who prefers to overcome mighty foes in your adventures.
:::'''Masud:''' Alas, if we incorporated combat elements into the game, the focus would shift from driving the Flower Carriage to the larger experience of shooting from a moving vehicle.
:::'''Masud:''' Some prefer that simple driving experience, others prefer vehicle combat. Both understandable positions!
:::'''Masud:''' I could attempt to design, say, "The General Mahamatra's Swift Pursuit," which will focus on running battles and intercepting foes.
:::'''Masud:''' I'm sure that will better meet your expectations.
:{{DIcon}} "Phantom Toy Master" is quite the title.
::'''Masud:''' Really? Thank you for the compliment. I'm quite fond of it myself &mdash; inherited it from my grandmother, in fact.
::'''Masud:''' Whenever I hear that name, it reminds me of my childhood goal... To make toys that make everyone happy.
::'''Masud:''' Ah, just thinking about it fills these old bones with boundless vitality.
::{{DIcon}} Your grandmother, you say?
::'''Masud:''' Yes. A long, long time ago, Granny visited a mysterious Domain by accident, where she made some strange friends, and gained a nearly boundless font of inspiration.
::'''Masud:''' Upon returning to Sumeru, she began to develop all manner of unique toys.
::'''Masud:''' Shame, though, that she was ever focused on making the most extravagant, complex game modes. She rarely considered if children could take it all in, or paid much attention to market conditions.
::'''Masud:''' My objective assessment is that her work only received recognition from a limited number of customers, and despite her good reputation, her works weren't able to bring that simple happiness to large audiences at the time.
::{{DIcon}} "Take it all in," you say?
:::'''Masud:''' Simply put, children of all ages buy toys, and they all learn at different speeds, so you can't generalize about their ability to get up to speed on something new.
:::'''Masud:''' Some toys are too complex, and some games have too many rules. Even teens might struggle to memorize everything in a short time &mdash; and children would struggle all the more.
:::'''Masud:''' Granny was far too enthusiastic about her work and neglected this, which negatively impacted her sales.
:::'''Masud:''' I wouldn't say it was her fault, or that of the children. They just weren't really well-suited for one another.
:::'''Masud:''' Had Granny switched to targeting her toys at the adult market, I imagine things would have gone differently.
::{{DIcon}} So, what were those market conditions?
:::'''Masud:''' Ah, and isn't that a complex question? To be honest, I've read many fine texts from many a scholar, but I still don't know how to evaluate it...
:::'''Masud:''' Simply put, more exquisite and ingenious toys require more investment, which will increase the price... Just as clockwork toys cannot be sold for the same price as origami models.
:::'''Masud:''' But neither Granny nor I figured out how much the price should be raised. How much Mora does everyone have in their purses? How much are they willing to pay for toys? That's something that only they know.
:::'''Masud:''' Customers' feelings are also key. If they're interested in one of your toys, some of them will be willing to spend a bit more. But if you don't catch their eye, they'll wait to get it on sale. There's no objective standard.
:::'''Masud:''' Granny made that error, and though she tried to lower her prices as much as possible, she still ended up running into the wall many times as a result. As such, I intend to do my best to strike a balance between quality, production costs, and price.
:::'''Masud:''' All in all, I've been quite happy these last few decades, and I have her to thank for it. She designed and bought more toys than I could ever finish playing with.
:::'''Masud:''' When she was still with us, we'd play with them together whenever she could find the time...
:::'''Masud:''' Ahem, right, enough dwelling on the past... Anyway, I will do my best to spread this joy to as many people as possible!
:{{DIcon}} We can talk later. I've got other things to do right now...
::'''Masud:''' No issue. The joys of toys await you anytime!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Masud
|zhs      = 麦斯欧德
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 麥斯歐德
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = マックスオド
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 마수드
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Masud
|fr       = Masud
|ru       = Масуд
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Masud
|vi       = Masud
|de       = Masud
|id       = Masud
|pt       = Mas'ud
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Masud
|it       = Masud
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Mas'ud]]