{{Faction Infobox
|image        = 
|leader       = Sumeru Akademiya Sages<br>[[Cyno]] <small>(General Mahamatra)</small>
|base         = [[The Akademiya]]
|region       = Sumeru
}}
The '''Matra''' are disciplinary officers for [[Sumeru Akademiya]]. They serve as an executive branch and enforce the Akademiya's academic integrity.

==Overview==
The Matra hand out disciplinary actions to researchers who have committed serious academic offenses, such as plagiarism or misappropriation of funds. Once the Matra is made aware of the situation, they personally visit the offender, which has caused them to be feared by researchers, as most meetings with the Matra are known to go poorly.<ref>HoYoLab: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7118146 The law is just, and there is no escape for the guilty]</ref><ref>{{Ref/VO|Tighnari|About Cyno}}</ref> They are also the authority responsible for controls regarding Knowledge Capsules transactions,<ref>{{Ref/BB|Caravan Ribat Bulletin Board|Making a Fortune}}</ref> and apply a specific seal on goods that have passed their inspection.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Chain of Interests}}</ref>

Unlike the {{Not a Typo|Mahamata}}, which is explicitly comprised of alumni of Sumeru Akademiya,<ref>{{Ref/BB|Akademiya Public Message Board|The Current Akademiya}}</ref> it is unclear whether graduating from the Akademiya is a requirement to become a Matra. A message on the [[Akademiya Public Message Board]] criticizes that [[Cyno]], the current General Mahamatra, is not a renowned researcher; on the other hand, a retort to the criticism states Cyno's tenure has been "better than when you [[Rtawahist]] were running things,"<ref>{{Ref/BB|Akademiya Public Message Board|About the General Mahamatra}}</ref> which indicates that the previous General Mahamatra graduated from Rtawahist.

==Known Members==
* [[Cyno]] &mdash; General Mahamatra
* [[Nayab]] &mdash; Matra
* [[Shohre]] &mdash; Matra
* [[Nabil]] &mdash; Matra
* [[Taj Radkani]] &mdash; Matra
* [[Usem]] &mdash; Matra
*[[Aarav]] &mdash; Matra

==Trivia==
* {{Furnishing Mentions|name=The Matra|are=1}}

===Etymology===
* The Sanskrit word {{lang|Matra|sa=मात्र}} refers to "(one who knows the) proper measure" and teaches the dharma to others.<ref>Wisdom Library: [https://www.wisdomlib.org/definition/matra matra]</ref>
* Cyno's title, General Mahamatra, is derived from the {{lang|{{w|Mahamatra}}|sa=महामात्र|ta_tl=Officer of High Rank,}} a group established by the Indian emperor {{w|Ashoka}} who were in charge of justice and religious affairs.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Matra
|zhs     = 风纪官
|zhs_rm  = Fēngjì-guān
|zht     = 風紀官
|zht_rm  = Fēngjì-guān
|ja      = マハマトラ
|ja_rm   = Mahamatora
|ko      = 풍기<->관
|es      = Matra
|fr      = Matra
|ru      = Матра
|th      = เจ้าหน้าที่มาตรา
|th_rm   = Jahw hna-tee matra
|vi      = Matra
|de      = Matra
|id      = Matra
|pt      = Matra
|tr      = Matra
|it      = Matra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Matra]]
[[ja:マハマトラ]]
[[th:เจ้าหน้าที่มาตรา]]
[[uk:Матра]]