{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72718
|image         = Matsumoto Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|characters    = Matsumoto; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Inazuma
}}
'''''Matsumoto's Fried Egg Fracas''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Give five [[Teyvat Fried Egg]]s to [[Matsumoto]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
I have tried every single delicacy in Inazuma, and I have yet to find a dish that moves me!<br>
Perhaps it is true that one simply cannot find true gourmet in some prosperous city, and that fine cuisine may only be found in the countryside...<br>
My obsession with good food may seem difficult for the common man to understand, I know. Haha, it is alright. Let me put this simply: I would like {{Color|buzzword|5 Teyvat Fried Eggs}}.<br>
Who knows? I might just encounter a fabulous chef this way. And as for remunerations... we'll speak of that again once I've eaten.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Narukami Island]]'s Matsumoto would like to have 5 servings of Teyvat Fried Egg.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Matsumoto:''' Yo, hey there!
:'''Matsumoto:''' Are you here to ask me to rate your dishes? Don't you disappoint me again.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Can I offer you a nice Teyvat Fried Egg...
:'''Matsumoto:''' Aha, you must have seen my commission. You know, I've been to both [[Uyuu Restaurant]] and [[Kiminami Restaurant]], and I was underwhelmed.
:'''Matsumoto:''' I think that the really talented chefs must be hiding out of sight. That's why I posted a commission.
:'''Matsumoto:''' If you're here, it must surely mean that you've got 5 Teyvat Fried Eggs for me?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} They're ready
::'''Matsumoto:''' Good, then I will sample your cooking. I hope it won't disappoint me.
:{{DIcon}} No, not yet.
::'''Matsumoto:''' Oh. Then please bring them to me when they're ready.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Matsumoto's Fried Egg Fracas
|zhs     = 松本的煎蛋需求
|zhs_rm  = Sōngběn de Jiāndàn Xūqiú
|zht     = 松本的煎蛋需求
|zht_rm  = Sōngběn de Jiāndàn Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Matsumoto's Fried Egg Needs
|ja      = 松本の目玉焼きのリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Matsumoto no Medamayaki no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = Matsumoto's Fried Egg Request
|ko      = 마츠모토의 달걀 프라이 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Macheumoto-ui Dalgyal Peurai Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Matsumoto's Fried Egg Request
|es      = Huevos fritos para Matsumoto
|es_tl   = Fried Eggs for Matsumoto
|fr      = Les œufs au plat de Matsumoto
|fr_tl   = Matsumoto's Fried Eggs
|ru      = Жареные яйца для Мацумото
|ru_tl   = Fried Eggs for Matsumoto
|th      = การเสาะหา Fried Egg ของ Matsumoto
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trứng Chiên cho Matsumoto
|vi_tl   = Fried Egg for Matsumoto
|de      = Matsumotos Bitte um Spiegeleier
|de_tl   = Matsumoto's Request for Fried Eggs
|id      = Telur Goreng untuk Matsumoto
|id_tl   = Fried Egg for Matsumoto
|pt      = Ovos Fritos de Matsumoto
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Matsumoto'nun Sahanda Yumurta Sevdası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Delle uova fritte per Matsumoto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[ja:松本の目玉焼きのリクエスト]]
[[pt-br:Ovos Fritos de Matsumoto]]