{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Matsumae.png
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Matsumae''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Warrior's Spirit]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After [[Unexpected Battle]] is completed)
:'''Matsumae:''' I don't know what kind of outfit Miss Ayaka will wear in the final exhibition match...
:'''Sae:''' Ah, just as I thought. You don't even bother to go for a walk, but now you're interested in the swordfighting competition all of a sudden just because Miss Ayaka would be there!
:'''Matsumae:''' B&mdash;But it isn't just me! Avid swordsmanship enthusiasts like yourself are in the minority in Inazuma now. And I was the one who woke up early in the morning to get tickets to the exhibition match.
:'''Sae:''' Okay, okay. I didn't mean to blame you. It's rare that we share a common interest, and we agreed to watch the match together, not to argue. Maybe through this, you will actually become interested in swordsmanship.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After [[The Sight of the Divine Emissary]] is completed)
:'''Matsumae:''' Whoa, I didn't expect the winner to be "The Case Files of Miss Orith." I voted for this one too, but I didn't expect it to be this far ahead.
:'''Sae:''' ...
:'''Matsumae:''' In such a classical martial arts competition, Miss Ayaka dances in an exquisite dress designed in an exotic style...
:'''Sae:''' ...
:'''Matsumae:''' Uh... I'm sorry, Sae. I shouldn't keep bringing it up in front of you...
:'''Sae:''' Oh dear... Rumor has it that a humanoid swordsman named "Maguu Kengou" will fight on behalf of the Almighty Shogun in the exhibition match. Even Miss Ayaka wouldn't be able to take on such a formidable foe, would she?
:'''Sae:''' Wait. Maybe this match will show us the fames Kamisato Art... Ah, Shuhei{{sic}}, you were saying?
:'''Matsumae:''' Oh, n&mdash;nothing.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #3===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After [[Warrior's Spirit (Event Quest)|Warrior's Spirit]] is completed)
:'''Matsumae:''' It's a win! Ayaka and the Traveler won! Oh, this exhibition match was so exciting and thrilling that I was on the edge of my seat.
:'''Sae:''' Well, you were asleep the last couple of matches with me. But this exhibition match was really good, and it even got a layman like Shuhei{{sic}} excited.
:'''Matsumae:''' That guy's passion and enthusiasm in pursuing swordsmanship is so cool! Is it too late to learn swordsmanship now...
:'''Sae:''' It's never too late to start. As long as there is the motivation to learn, coupled with the determination to persevere, I'm sure you'll accomplish something. You might not become famous, but you could become a skilled swordsman!
:'''Sae:''' But you're not in shape, and it's hard to pass the entrance exam for the schools of swordsmanship. Why don't you go on runs with me every day? Not only is it good exercise, you can quickly adapt when taking part in morning trainings in future!
:'''Matsumae:''' ... Well, perhaps it's best that I give up on this idea.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
Sae keeps referring to Matsumae as Shuhei. Considering this is a given name, and she never referred to him by his actual name, this may be a result of a mistranslation.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Matsumae
|zhs     = 松前
|zhs_rm  = Sōngqián
|zht     = 松前
|zht_rm  = Sōngqián
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 松前
|ja_rm   = Matsumae
|ko      = 마츠마에
|es      = Matsumae
|fr      = Matsumae
|ru      = Мацумэ
|th      = Matsumae
|vi      = Matsumae
|de      = Matsumae
|id      = Matsumae
|pt      = Matsumae
|tr      = Matsumae
|it      = Matsumae
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Matsumae]]