{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Mavuika
|id             = 368192
|image          = Mavuika Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 2000
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Mavuika''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Natlan...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Future plans...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Time to get to work!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A new challenge...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A collection of puzzles...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Great place...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Very admirable...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This place is great &mdash; so quiet and serene, like nothing could ever threaten the peace. I admire what you've accomplished here, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I hope Natlan enjoys a similar tranquility one day.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It's great! It feels like a vacation spot, almost like the People of the Springs.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Before I became Pyro Archon, I went to the hot springs all the time. It's the perfect place to unwind and meet people from all walks of life, outlanders included.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But, that kind of free time is few and far between these days.
::{{DIcon}} You could always try to find that old feeling again.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hahaha, I actually prefer to keep busy. Let me put it this way...
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'm sure you've invited many friends here in the past. And like me, they probably walked away with a very positive impression of this place.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' From the environment to the decorations, you planned out everything down to the smallest detail.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Behind everything we see here lies a tremendous amount of work. And, you do that work, because this is your home, right?
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Collecting ingredients, crafting furnishings, planning the layout and design... I'm sure all of that kept you very busy.
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, but it was very fulfilling.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Exactly. That's how I feel about Natlan.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Some bear their responsibilities like a burden, out of a sense of identity or obligation. But, I have a vision, and that is what drives me forward.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The role of "Pyro Archon" simply makes it easier for me to fulfill that vision.
::{{DIcon}} I know what you mean.
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 12a 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hehe, that comes as no surprise to me. You're someone with a clear set of morals &mdash; through all the trials and tribulations, your resolve never wavered.
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 12a 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That conviction is one of the key qualities of a leader.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm, can't say I really get it...
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 12b 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It's alright, that's just my own take on things.
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship1 12b 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Based on what I've seen, you have your own understanding of the world, and your place in it, so just believe in yourself &mdash; you're on the right path.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Oh, sure. I took some time to walk around this place and came up with a few suggestions. Maybe you'll get some inspiration...
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Ah, from the look on your face, you were hoping for a more... casual conversation. Haha, that's very valid. My apologies &mdash; I can never seem to stop working.
::{{DIcon}} You remind me of some of my other friends...
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Let me guess &mdash; they also have high standards for themselves and their surroundings.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Of course, not everyone's like that, and I respect other people's choices. So, I try to operate without imposing my habits on anyone else.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We're all human, which means we're often at the mercy of our emotions. When we get tired or annoyed, we lose focus, and it's hard to be efficient.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No matter how urgent or important, in that situation, it's better to put the work aside and get some rest.
::{{DIcon}} True... But there are also times when you just want to power through.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You're not wrong. I used to think some people were just built that way &mdash; so conscientious by nature that they just can't tear themselves away from their work.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But eventually, I realized it's not a character trait at all, but a reaction that stems from prolonged periods of anxiety and stress.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' There are many possible factors &mdash; lack of recognition, family issues, disrupted sleep, lack of exercise...
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I try to ensure that we have enough manpower at our disposal so everyone can afford to take breaks. The shamans from the Masters of the Night-Wind can also help relieve stress.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Thankfully, I'm quite the workaholic, so even if a lot of people go on break at once, it's all the same to me, haha.
::{{DIcon}} What if people would take advantage of that to be lazy?
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Well, that depends on the context. I don't view it as some kind of inherent evil. It's a choice.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' All I need to know is whether someone is driven by the same vision... Of course, actions speak louder than words in that regard.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I can talk with them, offer suggestions, and guide their next steps. There will always be things I don't understand, but as the Pyro Archon, I can still help people find the right path forward.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But, first and foremost, they have to be willing. And, that is not a decision I can make for them.
::{{DIcon}} It seems like you really respect everyone.
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 16a 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hehe, I wouldn't go that far. I just don't want everyone to turn into a workaholic like me. After all, that lifestyle's not for everyone.
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 16a 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Plus, it leads to a more relaxed atmosphere, which is better for everyone, don't you think?
::{{DIcon}} That feels a bit... over-idealized to me?
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 16b 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Well, we're talking about principles. In a vacuum, I'm sure it sounds vague and impractical. But in practice, there are a variety of factors I consider.
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 16b 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Still, I won't refute your assessment. I consider myself an idealist, after all.
:::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship2 16b 3.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In my experience, surrounding yourself with people who share a common ideal... can be a very powerful thing.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Well, since you asked, I have an idea for a flamestrider Grand Prix!
::{{DIcon}} W&mdash;What was that?
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hahaha, I've been thinking about it ever since I arrived! It would be a shame not to take advantage of all this space and the amazing scenery.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' So, this is what I was thinking... We create a race track that combines speed and technique and invite challengers to compete. The winner can be crowned the "Master of the Striding Flame."
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' If the tournament is a success, it would bring in a significant profit, in which case, you wouldn't need to worry about future prizes, and you could even expand the scale.
::{{DIcon}} I see where you're coming from, but...
::{{DIcon}} Do you have enough flamestriders for that?
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Oh, don't worry. I already asked Xilonen about that. Although, she categorically refused...
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I understand her reasoning, of course. I would need at least eight flamestriders, which would cost a small fortune, and I have no idea where we would find enough Secret Source components.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Still, having a vision is better than nothing. Besides, I have a back-up plan that only involves one rider.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Instead of having everyone ride a flamestrider at once, everyone will take turns with mine, and the person with the fastest time wins.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Of course, Xilonen rejected this proposal as well. The reason being, the flamestrider was originally designed for battle and travel, rather than speed.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Several modifications would need to be made to operate at high speeds, which means faster wear and tear, and more maintenance.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In short, we cannot sacrifice the core function of the flamestrider for our own entertainment.
::{{DIcon}} Xilonen makes a convincing argument...
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hm... True.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But, that also means... We could just design a new flamestrider built entirely for speed!
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'll make a quick sketch and show it to Xilonen right away!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Mavuika.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Morning! Another busy day lies ahead, and I'm ready to tackle it head-on.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Mavuika.
::{{A|vo mavuika mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Ah, good night. I was just doing some puzzles &mdash; it's a collection from the Akademiya in Sumeru. I'll call it a night after these last two problems.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Carefully Considered Words===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mavuika speakerschamber 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Did you set up this office just for me? Aw. That's so nice of you.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mavuika speakerschamber 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Whenever I need space to think, I pace around in the Speaker's Chamber and before I realize it, I find myself tinkering with the furnishings. Or doing even weirder things.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mavuika speakerschamber 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' For example, I might wipe down the lampshade of the phlogiston lamp several times over, or start cantering around on the wooden alpaca carving... It actually works, okay? Don't knock it till you've tried it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Arena's Toast to Triumph===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mavuika stadium 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This makes me imagine a huge feast... Everyone raising their glasses, enjoying some good food, and letting their hair down.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mavuika stadium 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We've got the venue, we've got the feast... All that's missing is a bit of healthy competition.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mavuika stadium 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' To have a proper feast, you need a reason to celebrate &mdash; just like you can't have drinks without some snacks. That's what sets the mood, and allows everyone to fully enjoy themselves.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Mavuika/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Мавуика/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Mavuika/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Mavuika/Bạn Đồng Hành]]