{{Community}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Physics
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Measurement''' refers to the quantification of physical features such as length, [[time]], and mass within ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

The unit of measurement for distances is meters, abbreviated as ''m'' in-game. The world of [[Teyvat]] appears to take place in 3-dimensional Euclidean space (flat space).

==Mass==
All playable characters so far have a mass of 10 (units unspecified).<ref name="poise" group="Note">See [[Interruption Resistance/Data]] and references therein</ref>

In real life, mass can be used to compute the [[weight]] of objects under the influence of [[gravity]]. However, within the game, it appears that for various entities (such as enemies), the mass and weight are considered as separate, independent quantities. Moreover, within the game, even the acceleration due to gravity can vary for different entities.<ref name="poise" group="Note" /><ref group="Note">Also see [[Weight]] data</ref>

==Character Heights==
The values are taken from in-game measurements based on in-game scale, rounded to the nearest 0.1 centimeter.<ref name="poise" group="Note" />

Note that all characters use one of a limited number of character models in-game(tall, medium, and short for male and female, though no short male characters exist yet) and include hair and shoes but do not include things like hats, horns, hoods, etc. These measurements are for their in-game models. Heights are not 100% accurate.<!--
|{{Character|Dainsleif|35}}
|
|Tall male
|-
-->
<!--
|{{Character|Yae Miko|35}}
|
|Tall female
|-
-->{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align: center"
!Character
!Height (cm)
!Model
|-
|{{Character|Aether|35}}
|163.6
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Albedo|35}}
|162.8
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Alhaitham|35}}
|187.5
|Tall male
|-
|{{Character|Aloy|35}}
|157.8
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Amber|35}}
|155.8
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Arataki Itto|35}}
|193.4
|Tall male
|-
|{{Character|Barbara|35}}
|158.1
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Beidou|35}}
|169.2
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Bennett|35}}
|164.5
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Candace|35}}
|169
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Chongyun|35}}
|163.3
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Cyno|35}}
|161.9
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Collei|35}}
|155.8
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Dehya|35}}
|170.4
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Diluc|35}}
|185.7
|Tall male
|-
|{{Character|Diona|35}}
|129
|Short female
|-
|{{Character|Dori|35}}
|125.9
|Short female
|-
|{{Character|Eula|35}}
|170.1
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Faruzan|35}}
|157.8
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Fischl|35}}
|157
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Ganyu|35}}
|157.4
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Gorou|35}}
|164.4
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Hu Tao|35}}
|155
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Jean|35}}
|170.1
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Kaedehara Kazuha|35}}
|163.9
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Kaeya|35}}
|186
|Tall male
|-
|{{Character|Kamisato Ayaka|35}}
|157.2
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Kamisato Ayato|35}}
|187.4
|Tall male
|-
|{{Character|Keqing|35}}
|158.4
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Klee|35}}
|130.1
|Short female
|-
|{{Character|Kujou Sara|35}}
|175.7
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Kuki Shinobu|35}}
|159.1
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Layla|35}}
|157.5
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Lisa|35}}
|171.2
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Lumine|35}}
|157.2
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Mona|35}}
|157.8
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Nahida|35}}
|126.9
|Short female
|-
|{{Character|Nilou|35}}
|157.5
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Ningguang|35}}
|169.5
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Noelle|35}}
|158.6
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Qiqi|35}}
|127.2
|Short female
|-
|{{Character|Raiden Shogun|35}}
|171.5
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Razor|35}}
|163.5
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Rosaria|35}}
|169.7
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Sangonomiya Kokomi|35}}
|158.8
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Sayu|35}}
|126
|Short female
|-
|{{Character|Shenhe|35}}
|171.8
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Shikanoin Heizou|35}}
|167.3
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Sucrose|35}}
|154.6
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Tartaglia|35}}
|187.4
|Tall male
|-
|{{Character|Thoma|35}}
|186.3
|Tall male
|-
|{{Character|Tighnari|35}}
|163.3
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Venti|35}}
|164.3
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Wanderer|35}}
|164.7
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Xiangling|35}}
|157
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Xiao|35}}
|162.2
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Xingqiu|35}}
|164.2
|Medium male
|-
|{{Character|Xinyan|35}}
|156.4
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Yae Miko|35}}
|169.5
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Yanfei|35}}
|154.9
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Yaoyao|35}}
|126.7
|Short female
|-
|{{Character|Yelan|35}}
|170.1
|Tall female
|-
|{{Character|Yoimiya|35}}
|160.4
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Yun Jin|35}}
|156.7
|Medium female
|-
|{{Character|Zhongli|35}}
|187.7
|Tall male
|}

==Area of Effect==
{{Main|Area of Effect|Vacuum Field}}
Numerous [[Area of Effect]] skills have a measurable radius. These data are detailed in the above articles.

==Time==
{{Main|Time}}
[[Time]] is measured in seconds. Time passes faster in Teyvat than in the real world.

==Trivia==
* The tallest playable characters in the game are:
*# Arataki Itto (193.4&nbsp;cm)
*# Zhongli (187.7&nbsp;cm)
*# Alhaitham (187.5&nbsp;cm)
*# Tartaglia/Ayato (187.4&nbsp;cm)
*# Thoma (186.3&nbsp;cm)
**The first and second place have a fairly large margin of 5.7&nbsp;cm, but the second to fifth place only have a margin of 1.4&nbsp;cm.
* According to a [https://twitter.com/guerrilla/status/818780529709477888?lang=en tweet] from the developers of ''Horizon Zero Dawn'', Aloy is canonically 168&nbsp;cm tall, but (unless the in-game scale is inaccurate to the intended heights) was shrunken down due to using the medium model. It is unknown whether the rest of the characters' canon heights can be determined from this measurement, but if so, characters will likely have a 6–10&nbsp;cm increase.
* Beidou has been described as 6&nbsp;ft tall in Tea Master Liu Su's story, but this (unless Aloy's height intended to be accurate) is likely an exaggeration.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox}}

[[ja:計測]]
[[vi:Đo Đạc]]