{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40178
|image         = Event Quest Medicine Born of Guilt.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Tournament of Glory in Bloom
|chapter       = 
|act           = 
|actNum        = II
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Antu; Ayo; Citlali; Iansan; Ifa; Imara; Iolana; Kachina; Kinich; Mbweni; Milray; Monetech; Mualani; Naiyan; Nampole; Paimon; Paio; Shanga; Traveler; Tuqllaki; Varesa
|startLocation = [["Children of Echoes"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|prev          = For Our Saurian Companion
|next          = Spell of Unity
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*3
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Medicine Born of Guilt''''' is the second part of the [[Tournament of Glory in Bloom]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later
# Go to the [[Children of Echoes]] to find [[Kachina]]
# Go to the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] to investigate the ancient woven scrolls
# Ask Naiyan about the mysterious [[Qucusaur]]
# Head to the location described by [[Naiyan]]
# Ask the Qucusaurs nearby about the situation
# Meet up with [[Kinich]] and [[Mualani]]
# Return to the Masters of the Night-Wind
# Follow the little Qucusaur
# Talk to the little Qucusaur [[Antu]]
# Meet up with [[Ifa]] and the others

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In the first half of the exhibition match, Kachina seems to have something on her mind. Go and ask her about it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Kachina)
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, here you are, Kachina!
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, hey... I had some time on my hands, so I decided to bring [[Ayo]] over to check on [[Milray]] and Naiyan.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 ayo 01.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roooah...
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 naiyan 01.ogg}} '''Naiyan:''' Oorooo...
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Don't worry, everything's gonna be fine!
:{{DIcon}} Kachina...
:{{DIcon}} Has something been on your mind lately?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? What makes you ask?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you seemed a bit down after the exhibition match, so we're kinda worried about you.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Thanks, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. I'm okay, really. I mean, it's hard to explain. I've just... been feeling a bit lost.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Despite losing [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame|the Pilgrimage]] so many times, what kept me going was the belief that someday I'd win and earn a spot in the [[Night Warden Wars]].
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' So when I finally did, I was over the moon! I mean, things didn't exactly go as planned, and you and the others had to rescue me from the [[Night Kingdom]]...
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...Still, I achieved my dream. But after the happiness wore off, I felt... hollow. I didn't know what to aim for next, or what I should work toward.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Then the [[Bloomflower Trials]] came around, and I could fight alongside everyone again. But when the exhibition match ended, I suddenly realized that everyone had "real-life" responsibilities to return to... Everyone, that is, except for me.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' And that got me thinking... Am I the only one who's still like a kid? The only one who's left with so much free time on their hands, who's never really grown up?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's what's been bothering you, huh?
:{{DIcon}} This is an important stage in life, too, Kachina.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? You mean... Everyone feels like this at some point? I thought it was just because I hadn't been working hard enough...
:{{DIcon}} There's no big rush.
:{{DIcon}} Take your time searching for what it is you want to do.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh... I see! Thank you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, if you think about it, this is a good thing! Not knowing what you want means the future's still full of possibilities, right?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When Paimon can't decide what she wants for dinner, she gets to imagine all kinds of delicious dishes!
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if someone told her, "You're eating this tonight," it kinda spoils the anticipation.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That actually makes a lot of sense!
:{{DIcon}} I see even you have your moments of wisdom, Paimon.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, stop underestimating Paimon like that, would'ja?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, looks like you guys beat me to it. Is the little guy feeling any better?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Granny Citlali! H&mdash;Hello!
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hello. I didn't have much going on at the moment, so I thought I'd check in on our patient.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Milray's been in a deep sleep this whole time... It's just as Ifa said. We'll need to gather all the [[Sacred Flame Crystal]]s before we can help him.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I imagine you're right...
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 15.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' *ahem* By the way, you haven't run into any trouble lately, have you?
:{{DIcon}} What, me?
:{{DIcon}} Run into trouble?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' When we discussed the Sacred Flame Crystals after the exhibition match ended, everyone else looked happy, but you seemed to have something on your mind.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Ah, so that's what this is about... I was worried that the Sacred Flame Crystals might be dangerous. Did she think there was something else on my mind...?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (While I was worrying about Kachina, she was worrying about me... I should just be honest with her about the rumor.)
:{{Black Screen|You tell Citlali about the rumor that Sacred Flame Crystals can "beguile human hearts."}}
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' A baseless rumor... but a fearful-sounding one all the same. Fear stems from the unknown, so the more cryptic the hearsay, the more panic it spreads.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 16.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wait, are the Crystals actually dangerous? Then what about Milray?
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Mavuika was right. Even if trouble does come our way, she'll handle it.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Still, there must be a story behind the Bloomflower Trials being stopped. It is said that something "happened" the last time they were held...
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Since you're concerned, why don't we look into it? I'm sure we'll still be able to find scrolls from back then over at the Masters of the Night-Wind.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
:{{DIcon}} Knowing the truth will put our minds at ease.
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 kachina 17.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' C&mdash;Can I come along? I'd like to help!
:{{A|vo nteq002 1 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I don't see why not. Come, let's head over to my place. We should leave this little [[Tepetlisaur]] to rest.

;(Talk to Ayo, Milray, or Naiyan without indwelling a Saurian, optional)
:'''Milray:''' ...
:'''Ayo:''' ...
:'''Naiyan:''' ...

;(Talk to Ayo, Milray, or Naiyan while indwelling a Saurian, optional)
:'''Milray:''' Thanks for coming to see me, Ayo.
:'''Ayo:''' How are you feeling, Milray?
:'''Milray:''' I'm feeling... dizzy... Think I need to sleep a while longer...
:'''Naiyan:''' Milray...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|You've learned about Kachina's worries and sensed Citlali's concern. The rumors about the Sacred Flame Crystals still loom like a dark cloud. It would be better to investigate this thoroughly with your companions.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter [[Idukan's Trove]])
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I had someone gather up all the woven scrolls from that era. Maybe we'll find some leads we can follow.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' There's... There's... that many!?
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is gonna take forever!
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Come on &mdash; less whining, more reading. If we split them up, we'll finish in no time.
:;(The group is shown shifting around and spending a while reading through the scrolls)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (A variety of events are recorded in these scrolls, like moments of frozen history with the power to pull you back into the distant past.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I've flipped through several of them, but still, nothing about the Bloomflower Trials. Yet the stories they contain... They're almost unimaginable.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (War, peace, alliances, betrayals... Seems like in the Natlan of six or seven centuries past, relations between [[Natlan/Culture#Tribes of Natlan|the six tribes]] were incredibly complex and constantly shifting.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Why've you stopped? Did you notice something strange?
:{{DIcon}} Are there still conflicts between the tribes nowadays?
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' There will always be tensions, but the intensity has changed.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Usually, the [[Pyro Archon]] tries their best to prevent inter-tribal disputes from escalating. But not every [[Archon]] has done that as well as [[Mavuika]].
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Also, given that our Archons live only as long as mortals, the transitional periods can be fraught with challenges.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, I see.
:{{DIcon}} First time I've ever heard that.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Far fewer conflicts have ended in bloodshed over the past few centuries. Whenever I read through these scrolls, I too am always struck by the thought of how unimaginable our lives would seem to people back then.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hey, come check this out! This one seems to mention the Bloomflower Trials!
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh? Let me see...
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmm... A curious coincidence indeed.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It seems like the last Bloomflower Trials were also held to save the life of an ailing saurian.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? Was it the same illness as Milray's?
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The scroll doesn't say, but it seems likely.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Strange... It's very unusual for such records to be so sparse on details. The scroll only vaguely alludes to two things.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Firstly, that the Bloomflower Trials were held to save a sick little saurian. Secondly, that they seem to have failed, and that the chief of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] had a major falling out with his younger brother...
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And later on, his brother left the tribe and lived as a recluse. That's all it says.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that basically tells us nothing! Y'know, except that the person who weaved this scroll must've been slacking off on the job!
:{{DIcon}} Or maybe something happened that was too "sensitive" to record...
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sacred Flame Crystals having the power to "beguile human hearts"... Is this where that's from...?
:{{Black Screen|Despite combing through the rest of the scrolls, none of you find any further references to the Bloomflower Trials.}}
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Looks like we'll have to approach this from another angle...
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'll go take a look through some even older scrolls. Surely the Trials were held more than once...
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Seeing as that scroll just now mentioned the Flower-Feather Clan, I think I could go ask Chief [[Mutota]].
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And what's our next move? Any other leads we can follow?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Come to think of it... That mysterious Qucusaur that Milray mentioned might be able to shed some light on this.)
:{{DIcon}} I have a feeling a certain Qucusaur might know a thing or two.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' A certain... Qucusaur? Who told you that?
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ahh, Ifa's assistant [[Cacucu]] must have told you, right? I heard he sometimes translates for the other saurians.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Yeah... This might not be the best time to dive into the whole saurian indwelling mystery. Guess I'll just give Cacucu the credit for now.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, then. I'll look into those ancient scrolls, Kachina can head over to the Flower-Feather Clan, and you two can track down that Qucusaur.
:{{A|vo nteq002 2 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's split up and meet back here later.

;(After the cutscene)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (We didn't actually find out much about that mysterious Qucusaur earlier.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Let's head back to the Children of Echoes and ask Naiyan for more details.)

;(Talk to Citlali in the [["Chamber of Weaving"]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Doesn't feel like there are any leads we can follow up on here...

;(Talk to Kachina and Mutota at the [["Flower-Feather Clan"]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Chief Mutota!
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 mutota 01.ogg}} '''Mutota:''' Kachina? What brings you here? 
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We're looking into what happened the last time the Bloomflower Trials were held. It seems the then-chief of the Flower-Feather Clan got into an argument with his brother... Do you know anything about that?
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 mutota 02.ogg}} '''Mutota:''' Sorry... I'm afraid that was all so long ago... I haven't heard anything about this either.
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 kachina 03.ogg}}  '''Kachina:''' Oh...

;(Approach the Saurians at "Children of Echoes")
:;(The Traveler arrives already indwelling a Tepetlisaur)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Naiyan, can you tell me any more about that mysterious Qucusaur you mentioned before?
:'''Naiyan:''' Huh? You want to make friends with him too?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Yup, that's right. Where can I find him?
:'''Naiyan:''' Tracking him down's no easy task, because he's always off somewhere on his own. One second, he'll pop up in front of us, then vanish into thin air the next. It's actually pretty impressive...
:'''Naiyan:''' One time, he took us to this absolutely beautiful place with this really, really tall stone gate.
:'''Naiyan:''' And there were so many other Qucusaurs there! We wouldn't usually trespass on other saurians' territory, but since he took us there, it was fine. He said that was his home.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Qucusaurs and a stone gate... Sounds like it might be near the Flower-Feather Clan. Let's go check it out.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' What does he look like? How will I recognize him?
:'''Naiyan:''' He's really easy to spot &mdash; if you see one that looks all light and floaty, that's him.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Light and... floaty?
:'''Naiyan:''' Yep! Light and floaty. You'll know who he is the instant you see him.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That seems to be the only description Naiyan can come up with. It's vague, but it'll have to do for now.)
:'''Naiyan:''' Oh... And if you do see him, could you say hi from me and Milray? We're both starting to miss him... He did drop by to see us, but there were too many people around for his liking.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Sure thing, leave it to me.
:;(The Traveler leaves while indwelt as a Tepetlisaur, while Iansan and Varesa are shown approaching the Saurians)

;(Talk to Iansan or Varesa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nteq003 varesa 04.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Feeling hungry? I just picked these from the orchard.
:'''Naiyan:''' Raaaawr...
:{{A|vo dialog nteq003 iansan 05.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Go on, have some. Taking care of a patient like you're doing is hard work. Don't wear yourself out with worry, okay?
:'''Naiyan:''' Rawr!
:{{A|vo dialog nteq003 varesa 05.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' If you need more, there's plenty more where that came from!

;(Approach Kinich, Mualani, Iolana, and Tuqllaki)
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Shhh... So everyone got that?
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' They'll never see this coming. We'll catch them totally off guard!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 iolana 01.ogg}} '''Iolana:''' Leave it to us. We'll show them what we're made of!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mualani? Kinich? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Aaaah!!!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ohhh, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, it's you... Nearly scared the life out of me!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hehe, just between us, we're discussing our strategy for the next half of the exhibition match!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But as for the details... those will have to stay a secret! After all, we'll be competing against you this time!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' What about you guys? You seem like you're in a hurry &mdash; has something happened?
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're on the trail of an extremely rare and elusive Qucusaur...
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Rare and elusive?
:{{Black Screen|You give Kinich and Mualani a quick rundown on the situation.}}
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' In that case, we can help with the search!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That description of the location's way too vague &mdash; the scenery around here's all pretty much the same. Without anyone to help out, it'll take you forever!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' What does the Qucusaur look like?
:{{DIcon}} "Light and floaty"...
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Heh... Nothing more specific than that?
:{{DIcon}} Apparently we'll know who he is the instant we see him.
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alright, well in that case, let's split up.
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'll check the higher ground and see if anyone over at the Flower-Feather Clan has any ideas.
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'll follow the river, then.
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 iolana 02.ogg}} '''Iolana:''' Haha, sounds like it's my time to shine. As Kinich will tell you, I'm a born hunter with the eyes of a hawk.
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 tuqllaki 01.ogg}} '''Tuqllaki:''' I haven't got anywhere else to be, either. I'll take a stroll nearby and see if I can spot anything.
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Awesome! Thanks, everyone!
:{{A|vo nteq002 4 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't mention it. Anyway, we'd better get going. Catch you in a bit!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (There seem to be quite a few Qucusaurs living around here... I'll try asking them.)

;(Approach the Qucusaurs)
:;(The Traveler arrives already indwelling a Tepetlisaur)
:'''Cool-Headed Qucusaur:''' [[Quenepa Berry|That fruit]] just now was kinda sour...
:'''Energetic Qucusaur:''' Try this one instead &mdash; it's super sweet!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Greetings, fellow saurians.
:'''Cool-Headed Qucusaur:''' Hello there. How can we help?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' I was just wondering... Have you ever met a Qucusaur around here who you'd describe as "light and floaty"?
:'''Cool-Headed Qucusaur:''' Oh, you're talking about that kid, are ya?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Ehh? Are "light and floaty" really such distinct traits? These Qucusaurs seem to have instantly understood who I meant...)
:'''Cool-Headed Qucusaur:''' He sometimes shows up around here, but he's always sneaking about, trying not to be seen.
:'''Energetic Qucusaur:''' He's often perched up on a cliff, just gazing out on his lonesome, daydreaming about who knows what.
:'''Cool-Headed Qucusaur:''' Oh yeah, and I'm pretty sure I saw him following a human around a couple of days back.
:'''Energetic Qucusaur:''' Huh, well that's not something you see every day... He usually won't go anywhere near them.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' So is there any way to get a hold of him?
:'''Cool-Headed Qucusaur:''' I'd forget it if I were you. That kid comes and goes like a shadow.
:'''Energetic Qucusaur:''' Come join us for some fruit instead! Haha... Come, try this one, sweet as sweet can be!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Okay... Thanks!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Doesn't seem like a very "fruitful" lead... Guess I'd better wait and see if Mualani and Kinich have had any better luck.)

;(Approach Kinich and Mualani's previous location)
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Anything on your end, Kinich?
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Nope.
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Me neither... Qucusaurs all look so similar.
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' They all look "light and floaty" to me! I mean, what could possibly be lighter and floatier than a pair of wings?
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 iolana 01.ogg}} '''Iolana:''' I didn't find anything either. How about you guys?
:;(Tuqllaki shakes his head as the Traveler approaches)
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Sorry, {{Traveler}} and Paimon &mdash; we couldn't find that Qucusaur you're after.
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Are you in a hurry to find him? If you need a hand, I can come back and join the search again tomorrow.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he really is hiding from us...
:{{DIcon}} I'll try to think of another way.
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Okay, well if you need any help, don't hesitate to reach out. That's what friends are for, after all!
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I've told my friends over at the Flower-Feather Clan to keep an eye out. If they see anything, they'll let you know. So, what's your next move?
:{{DIcon}} I think we'll head back to the Masters of the Night-Wind.
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Alright, I'll update them.
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' ...Come to think of it, [[Ororon]] could probably rig up a few traps and snag him that way!
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' It's not like Ororon's traps can just catch anything, you know...
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You never know! Might as well ask him if you get the chance. Anyway, we'll be heading back now &mdash; best of luck!
:{{A|vo nteq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then! See you later, and thanks for your help!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|Most of the investigations yielded nothing of note. You should regroup with your companions first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Citlali and Kachina)
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *sigh*...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmm, let me think...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kachina! Citlali! What's up?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We haven't managed to find anything. No one seems to know what actually happened back then.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Any luck with your mysterious Qucusaur?
:{{DIcon}} Nope, not yet.
:{{DIcon}} Don't think it's planning to make an appearance anytime soon.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' In that case... I'd suggest we set this aside for now.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It would be great if we could get to the bottom of this, but not every historical mystery can be unraveled.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We must also learn to live with the unknown. Just remember, as long as we stick together, no challenge will ever be too great.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah, I'm sure everything will work out.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Still, after all this investigating, it feels a bit disappointing to come up empty-handed...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 01.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Whew... Finally, dudes! Found you!
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ifa! What brings you here?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 02.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Kinich mentioned you were on the lookout for a Qucusaur? Just so happens a strange Qucusaur has been following me the past few days.
:{{DIcon}} A strange Qucusaur, you say?
:{{DIcon}} ...Care to elaborate?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 03.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' No clue why, but this dude's been on my tail ever since I got back from the Children of Echoes. Not gonna lie to you bro, it's kinda freaky. His footsteps are totally silent, and after dark, all you can see is his silhouette...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 04.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' So, I didn't even realize he was there until Cacucu suddenly flipped out last night when he went for a drink. His squawking woke me up, and that's when I finally spotted a shadowy shape outside the window.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds terrifying!
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 05.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' I could tell it was a little Qucusaur from the shape. After observing him more closely, I figured out that he'd been following me the whole time, but that he'd just been too quiet to notice.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 06.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Not sure if that's the dude you're looking for, but if so, you're more than welcome to get him off my back &mdash; the sooner, the better!
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait a second, does that mean...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 07.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Yup, dude's probably hiding right behind that tree.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... D'you think we should send someone over to take a look?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's okay, I've got this...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What the... How's that even...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Guys, get over here, quick! There's nothing scary about this, it's just...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Aah!
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, surely that's not...
:{{DIcon}} He's just like Ayo's grandparents...
:{{DIcon}} ...A saurian ghost!?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 antu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Coooo.... Cucuuuu...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (No wonder Naiyan described him as "light and floaty." He really is instantly recognizable &mdash; not like any Qucusaur I've ever seen.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (This must be Milray's mysterious friend, then. The one spreading the rumors about Sacred Flame Crystals "beguiling human hearts"...)
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wait, shouldn't he have returned to the Ley Lines? Haven't they been fixed...?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' There are many possible reasons. But right now, it seems that our priority is...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 08.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Umm... So, why've you been tailing me, bro?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 09.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' If it's treatment you want... Can't do much for you, man. Sorry.
:'''???:''' Crooo...
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' He ran off!
:'''???:''' Craaawr!
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think he... wants us to follow him?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If only we had our Qucu-Thesaurus on hand!
:;(Cacucu is shown in a flashback)
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hey, that's a good point. Where is Cacucu today?
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 ifa 10.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' He was so spooked last night that he rattled through every single word he's ever learned and then fainted. He was still out cold when I left.
:{{A|vo nteq002 7 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, enough chit-chat, let's just follow him. It looks like he wants to take us somewhere.
:{{Black Screen|You follow the little Qucusaur spirit, who leads you much further away than you'd expected...}}
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|Just as everyone was about to give up, Ifa suddenly brought the mysterious little Qucusaur over. He seems intent on leading you somewhere...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Qucusaur spirit)
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *panting*... Looks like he's finally stopped.
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Why have you brought us here?
:'''???:''' Cooo...
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 ifa 01.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Sooo... Is there something buried here or what?
:'''???:''' Guguu.
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 ifa 02.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' You want us to dig it up?
:'''???:''' Gruuuu!
:{{Black Screen|After some energetic digging, you unearth an old, weathered box.}}
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' These are...
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Woven scrolls, yes. Albeit very crudely made, and heavily time-worn as a result.
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Still, they're just about legible. They seem to document... the very last Bloomflower Trials that took place centuries ago!? But... why would these be here?
:{{A|vo nteq002 8 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Come, let's read them together. These might just contain the answers we've been searching for this whole time.
:;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 01.ogg}} '''Imara:''' So, have you figured out a way to save him?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 01.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Indeed I have. As far as I can tell, we need Ocean Zephyrs and Sacred Flame Crystals. That's about it.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 02.ogg}} '''Imara:''' That's great news. Don't worry, little guy. You'll be better in no time.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 antu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Crrawr...
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 02.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Well, it's not every day that the Chief himself drops by to check in on your saurian buddy... Not so busy these days, huh?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 03.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Haha, you know I'd come even if I was. You're my brother, man! I heard you'd been beside yourself since Antu fell ill, so I was worried about you.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 03.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' I mean, Antu means the world to me. I promised to stay by his side until the day he's fully grown, ready to spread his wings and soar freely through the skies.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 04.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' I mean, with him around, I've never felt lonely traveling through Natlan. Sometimes he's happy, and other times he's sad. Sometimes he has tantrums, but then he'll curl up beside me when I'm down.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 05.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' And right now, he needs me more than ever. I'll draw upon everything I've ever learned to help him get through this.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 antu 02.ogg}} '''Antu:''' Craaawrr!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 04.ogg}} '''Imara:''' I salute your courage and wisdom, brother.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 05.ogg}} '''Imara:''' But these Sacred Flame Crystals you mentioned, are you sure they'll do the job?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 06.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Well, I've studied the essence of the Sacred Flame and read various related scrolls.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 07.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Sacred Flame Crystals are born from inter-tribal conflict. Back when the tribes were somewhat united, they would occasionally hold Bloomflower Trials in order to obtain them.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 06.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Hah, seems like I've still got lots to learn, despite being Chief... So, how can we use them? Is it really worth holding a whole competition just to get our hands on some?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 08.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Research on Sacred Flame Crystals has been patchy to say the least, so there's never been a definitive conclusion.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 09.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' What we know for sure is that they can be used to treat certain chronic phlogiston-related illnesses. Others also say that they can be used to enhance a warrior's strength, or something.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 07.ogg}} '''Imara:''' ...Enhance a warrior's strength?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 10.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' It's... speculative at best. We'd need to analyze an actual specimen to know for sure.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 11.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' As far as I'm concerned, as long as they can be used to cure Antu's illness, that's enough. Nothing else matters.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 08.ogg}} '''Imara:''' So you asked the chiefs of all the tribes to send people to take part in a scaled-down version of the Bloomflower Trials?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 09.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Remarkable that they agreed, given it wasn't so long ago that we were at each other's throats.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 10.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Tensions are running high right now... If I were you, I wouldn't have had the courage to even ask.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 12.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' I know, but I had no other choice. Fortunately, I've treated patients from every tribe, so the chiefs agreed as a way of returning the favor.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 13.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' With all this ongoing strife, it's been a long time since we've worked together on anything. This might be a good chance for reconciliation.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 14.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Fighting side by side for a common cause... That's the way that Natlan was always meant to be.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 11.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Let's hope so. By the way, what's with all this baggage? Heading out on a long journey, or something?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 15.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' I'm heading out to search for Ocean Zephyrs. In the meantime, I'll leave the Trials in your capable hands. Just please, make sure it all goes smoothly.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 12.ogg}} '''Imara:''' C'mon, that goes without saying! Rest assured &mdash; I'm your brother, after all.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 16.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Thank you. And Antu, be good while I'm gone, okay? Once I return with the ingredients, you'll be back on your feet and running around in no time.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 antu 03.ogg}} '''Antu:''' Craaaa!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 monetech 01.ogg}} '''Monetech:''' Imara! How could you stoop so low, ambushing us on the field like that?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 shanga 01.ogg}} '''Shanga:''' Ambushing? You've no one but yourselves to blame for underestimating us, so what's all this fuss about?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 paio 01.ogg}} '''Paio:''' Even if that was remotely true, your guys went way over the line! Seven of our warriors were so badly injured that they're still out cold as we speak!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 paio 02.ogg}} '''Paio:''' The Flower-Feather Clan must compensate us for our losses. Hand over the Sacred Flame Crystals!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 mbweni 01.ogg}} '''Mbweni:''' Pfft! And we'll hand 'em over after all that, just because you waggled some fingers and said some angry words?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 monetech 02.ogg}} '''Monetech:''' Didn't you claim that we're holding these Trials to save a sick saurian? Take what's necessary for the treatment, then return us the rest!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 paio 03.ogg}} '''Paio:''' Say something, Imara! We're not leaving until you give us some answers!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 13.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Hmph! If the other elders were here, they wouldn't waste their time on such puerile questions.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 14.ogg}} '''Imara:''' If anything, I just wish we'd managed to collect more Crystals. There are always people who think they're so clever...
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 15.ogg}} '''Imara:''' So many "contestants" were just pocketing the ones they got in the Trials. I'll bet your chiefs all have sweet little personal stashes too, huh?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 16.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Everyone was in a frenzy, snatching the Crystals up wherever and whenever they could. We're hardly the only winners. Heh, I wouldn't even call us the biggest ones.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 monetech 03.ogg}} '''Monetech:''' ...You what?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 paio 04.ogg}} '''Paio:''' ...I get it now. Snatching the spoils while using the Bloomflower Trials to weaken the other tribes... You planned this all along!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 paio 05.ogg}} '''Paio:''' Grr, that Nampole... Can't believe I trusted him...
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 monetech 04.ogg}} '''Monetech:''' The Children of Echoes will not forget this. Let's go!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 17.ogg}} '''Imara:''' ...Hmph.
:'''Antu:''' Cooo?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 antu 05.ogg}} '''Antu:''' Gruuu...
:;(Antu silently leaves)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 17.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Brother, where's Antu?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 18.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Oh, you're back... Come, sit down, I'll explain everything&mdash;
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 18.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' No need for that. I only came back to ask... Are the rumors true?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 19.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Rumors? What rumors?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 19.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' That the Bloomflower Trials spiraled into an all-out bloodbath, sparking a heated dispute among the chiefs.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 20.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' And that no one was bothered in the slightest about Antu. By the time anyone noticed, he was already gone.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 20.ogg}} '''Imara:''' ...
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 21.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' How could you lie to me, Imara? You promised you'd make sure the Bloomflower Trials went smoothly. Why would you resort to such underhanded tactics?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 21.ogg}} '''Imara:''' You think I had a choice? As soon as one person broke the rules, the whole thing became a free-for-all!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 22.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Playing by the rules gets you nowhere in this world. If I hadn't taken things into my own hands, another tribe would have just swooped in and seized the winnings for themselves.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 23.ogg}} '''Imara:''' These Sacred Flame Crystals... They have limitless potential! I, for one, wouldn't miss a chance to strengthen our tribe.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 22.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' ...I won't debate ethics with you. Where are the Sacred Flame Crystals? Give me some, I'm going to search for Antu.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 24.ogg}} '''Imara:''' I've put them all into our research.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 23.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' You did what!?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 25.ogg}} '''Imara:''' I did set some aside for Antu in the beginning. But he ran off, didn't he? So there was no longer any need.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 26.ogg}} '''Imara:''' He's your companion, yes, but the life of a single saurian is nothing compared to the future of our tribe.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 24.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' ...Hear, hear! You've certainly proven yourself a worthy Chief, Imara. Your name will no doubt be etched into the hearts of the Flower-Feather Clan for generations to come.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 25.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Just remember this &mdash; no excuses can hide the harm your greed has inflicted.
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 26.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' All the hope and trust that that little guy placed in you, placed in me... You'll never know what that feels like!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 imara 27.ogg}} '''Imara:''' Wait, Nampole! Where are you going?
:;(Nampole leaves to look for Antu)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 27.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Antu!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 28.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Antuuu...!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 29.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Antu, it's me! Please, answer me&mdash;
:'''Antu:''' Guguuu?
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 30.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' Antu! Are you okay? Look at you, out here all on your own...
:'''Antu:''' Guruuu...
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 31.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' I'm so sorry, Antu, this is all my fault. I'll think of another way...
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 32.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (After that, I left the Flower-Feather Clan and lived here on this hill with Antu.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 33.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (He was running out of time. I took him from tribe to tribe, begging them to spare some Sacred Flame Crystals... Our last hope.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 34.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (But no one believed me anymore. I begged them again and again, enduring sneers, insults, even beatings...)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 35.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (Until finally, Antu's time came. In those last few days, he seemed consumed by an overwhelming sorrow, and then I realized &mdash; it wasn't just the sickness weighing him down, no. Remorse filled his gaze...)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 36.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (I remember once, over at the Children of Echoes, someone approached us with a Sacred Flame Crystal, flaunting it before quickly putting it away.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 monetech 05.ogg}} '''Monetech:''' This is what you're after, is it? Hahaha, dream on!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 monetech 06.ogg}} '''Monetech:''' Go beg your brother for some! How many did he snatch up for himself? He's the one who put you up to this whole "I'm a victim" charade, wasn't he? I don't buy it!
:'''Antu:''' Gruuuu!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 monetech 07.ogg}} '''Monetech:''' What are y...? You little vulture!
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 37.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (For some reason, Antu harbored a deep and intense hatred for the Sacred Flame Crystals. Whenever he saw one, he would muster up every last ounce of his dwindling strength in trying to destroy it.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 38.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (It wasn't until years after Antu's death that I finally guessed at the truth &mdash; he must've witnessed people fighting over the Crystals without comprehending why.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 39.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (Unable to fathom how those once cheerful humans had turned from best of friends to worst of enemies, he concluded that they must have been corrupted by the Sacred Flame Crystals themselves.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 40.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (In Antu's eyes, the only reason they'd started collecting Sacred Flame Crystals in the first place had been to save his life. "If I hadn't been there, none of this would have ever happened"... He carried this guilt with him until the very end.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 41.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (I, too, shall be bound by guilt for the rest of my days. If only I had taken part in the Trials myself. If only I'd seen the greed in Imara's eyes, or even came back just a little bit sooner...)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 42.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (But the past cannot be undone. I have immersed myself in the study of medicine, and spent my life healing all kinds of saurians. I buried Antu here on this hill, where I too one day shall rest.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 43.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (Before my own time comes, I've recorded all of this on these crudely woven scrolls in the belief that the truth should not lie buried. May those who come long after us learn from our errors, lest they repeat them.)
:{{A|vo nteq002 9 nampole 44.ogg}} '''Nampole:''' (May the Natlan of their day be united as one, free once and for all from bloodshed and strife...)
:;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' "Medicine born of guilt"...
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 ifa 01.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' ...
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, the Nampole from the scrolls was Ifa's ancestor? And that little Qucusaur spirit was once his saurian companion?
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Seems so. That's why he's been following you around, Ifa, even though he doesn't like appearing in front of anyone else &mdash; he senses something familiar in you.
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No wonder there weren't any records of the last Bloomflower Trials. If anything corrupts the human heart, it's greed... And who'd want to immortalize the memory of a scandal by which all six tribes were tainted?
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The bitter irony is that Sacred Flame Crystals turned out to be nowhere near as miraculous as they'd believed... All that scheming, after what proved to be nothing more than a hollow fantasy.
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hey, where's that little Qucusaur gone?
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, over there!
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D'you think he's sad? Or maybe he's lost in his memories...
:{{DIcon}} I'll go bring him back.
:{{DIcon}} I'll go hang out with him for a bit.
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 ifa 02.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Thanks... Might need a breather over here...
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 ifa 03.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' A regret lingering for centuries, unfolding like this before my eyes... Can't believe I'm just now hearing my ancestor's story. Now I know why we became vets, too...
:{{A|vo nteq002 10 ifa 04.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' I gotta think this through. What should I do? What can I even do...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|So much happened during the Bloomflower Trials back then. What is Antu, who couldn't be saved, thinking about? Maybe you should ask him directly...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After the cutscene)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The spirit of the Qucusaur chick Antu stands quietly on the hillside. Unlike Milray, the Tepetlisaur whelp who's loved by humans and saurian alike, Antu stands utterly alone, detached from both heaven and earth...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (As he was in life, so he remains in death. What might he be thinking? It's time I went and asked him.)

;(Talk to Citlali, Ifa, or Kachina, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 ifa 01.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' ...
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'll find some time to take these scrolls back to the Masters of the Night-Wind. Just like Nampole said, the truth shouldn't stay buried.
:{{A|vo dialog nteq002 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Poor Antu...

;(Approach Antu)
:;(The Traveler arrives already indwelling a Qucusaur)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Antu.
:'''Antu:''' Aaaah! You're... Huh? Aren't you the {{MC|m=blond guy|f=blonde gal}} from just now?
:'''Antu:''' Wait... Is this your real form? You can turn yourself into a human? That's amazing! Can you teach me how you do it? I want to talk to the humans, but they don't like me...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Do you still remember what happened back then?
:'''Antu:''' Only bits and pieces...
:'''Antu:''' I remember being in a lot of pain. I remember how worried my good friend Nampole was. Afterwards, the pain stopped, and my body felt so light... but I couldn't find him anymore.
:'''Antu:''' I hid, and searched... Hid, and searched... I searched without end... My body kept getting colder and colder, like I was freezing to death.
:'''Antu:''' Luckily, I found a nice, cozy cave, where I huddled up and slept for ages. When I woke back up again, the world seemed completely different.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' A cave?
:'''Antu:''' Yeah, and there were all these strange patterns on the walls. Some of them even looked a bit like me!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Could he mean the [[Remnants of the Secret Source]]? That's the closest place to the Night Kingdom... Maybe his soul hasn't faded away yet because he was "hibernating" there...)
:'''Antu:''' When I came out of the cave, I saw that those evil monsters had returned, so I went to help &mdash; that's how I met Milray and Naiyan.
:'''Antu:''' The three of us had them running in circles, haha! Once I'd showed my friends the way, those monsters didn't stand a chance of catching them.
:'''Antu:''' Eventually, those monsters all disappeared, and then I faintly heard the sound of Nampole's voice, calling out for me to come to him.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The monsters disappeared... This must have been after the final battle against the Abyss. The Ley Lines had been restored, so at this point, he could've returned to the Night Kingdom.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' But you didn't go to him?
:'''Antu:''' I wanted to, but then Milray came down with the same illness I had, and I was so worried for him... Nampole said that Sacred Flame Crystals were required for the cure, but those Crystals are evil!
:'''Antu:''' As soon as they got their hands on them, even the closest of friends would get into the most vicious arguments. Everyone started acting so strangely... Like they'd all been bewitched!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' So... You think it was all caused by the Sacred Flame Crystals?
:'''Antu:''' What else could it have been? They were all such good friends before, and they used to care about me, too...
:'''Antu:''' It's all because of those evil Crystals! I wish I could cast every last one of them into a volcano! But we need them to cure Milray... What should we do?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Just as Nampole concluded in his scroll, Antu misunderstood the real cause of the strife... It wasn't the power of Sacred Flame Crystals to bewitch human hearts, but rather, human greed and scheming.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (But... What can we do now for this poor little creature? Should I tell him the truth? From his standpoint, would knowing the truth even make any difference?)
:'''Antu:''' What's wrong, {{MC|m=big bro&#32;|f=&#32;big sis}}<!--sic: "What's wrong, big bro ?" / "What's wrong,  big sis?"-->? You seem a bit down.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' I'm okay...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Let's head back to where the others are.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Antu's eyes are full of such heartfelt concern... I don't know what to tell him. The times have changed, and so have the people. He's the only one still trapped in the past...)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|It's unclear what you can do for Antu. You'd better head back and discuss the matter with Ifa and the others.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the group)
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 01.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Never thought I'd have the chance to meet my ancestor's saurian companion... It's a pretty cool feeling.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 02.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Wouldn't you say so, bro?
:'''Antu:''' Coooo?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Can he understand what you're saying?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 03.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Kinda. I can pick up on Antu's vibes, just like he catches ours... But that's pretty much it.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 04.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' That's just how it is with saurian companions, you have to spend a lot of time together to develop an intuitive bond. If my ancestor were here, I'm sure they'd vibe way easier.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' In other words, he wouldn't understand even if we discussed everything that went on back then in front of him, right? ... *sigh* I'm not even sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I... think it's probably better if he doesn't understand.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I know that running from your problems isn't the way to solve them, and that we should face up to the challenges in our lives. But even if we told him the truth... Wouldn't it only distress him more than he already is?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's right. The people responsible, the ones who should have apologized to him, are no longer around. All the truth would do is tear open old wounds and sadden him all over again.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't there anything we could do to help him forget his sorrow and find hope once more?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 05.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' ...
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 06.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Just like Nampole, I've spent a lot of time studying saurian psychology.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 07.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' They can be a bit slow sometimes, but they're razor sharp at others. They don't get complex human language, but they get a lot just from reading our eyes.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 08.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' In short, young saurians are just like children. On one hand, they rely on their human companions. On the other, they really want to prove their worth. Helping people makes them happy, and feeling like a burden makes them sad.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 09.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' So... The best move isn't to get stuck on the truth of what happened, but to help make his current wishes come true.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' His wishes?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 10.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' For example...
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 11.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Antu, you decided to stay here because of Milray and Naiyan, right?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 12.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' You're a smart kid. Sacred Flame Crystals are bad, bad things that cause endless arguments among good friends.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 13.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' But now, after hundreds of years, we've finally found a way to beat 'em.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 14.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Will you join forces with us to cleanse the evil inside them so we can save your buddy together?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Interesting approach... You want to turn a lie into the truth, huh?
:'''Antu:''' Guguu?
:{{DIcon}} Never mind what you're trying to do...
:{{DIcon}} ...Can we even be sure he understood you?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Actually, uh, I... I didn't really understand either! Is there really some kind of evil power inside the Sacred Flame Crystals...?
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, dear child...! Come, come, let Granny explain it to you.
:{{Black Screen|The group has a quick strategy huddle...}}
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ohhhh, I get it now! Okay, I'll do my best!
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 15.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Not so fast. Hate to break it to you, but the three of us can't make this happen.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 16.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Let's meet up at the Stadium in two days. We'll spread the word and see who's willing to play along.
:{{A|vo nteq002 12 ifa 17.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' As for making Antu understand... Uh, Cacucu can help out. They'll have an easier time communicating.

;(Talk to Antu, Milray, or Naiyan while indwelling a Saurian, optional)<!--same order but all three "..." if not indwelling-->
:'''Milray:''' Naiyan, Antu... Once I'm all better, let's go have some fun together again.
:'''Naiyan:''' You'd better get better soon!
:'''Antu:''' Don't worry, Milray... I've already found a way to cure you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
:{{A|Vo nteq002 9 antu 07.ogg|1}}
:{{A|Vo nteq002 9 antu 08.ogg|1}}
:{{A|Vo nteq002 12 antu 01.ogg|1}}
:{{A|Vo nteq002 12 antu 02.ogg|1}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Medicine Born of Guilt
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       =   
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La medicina nacida de la culpa
|es_tl    = The Medicine Born of Guilt
|fr       = La mdecine est ne de la culpabilit
|fr_tl    = Medicine Was Born of Guilt
|ru       = ,    
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = 
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Y Thut Sinh Ra T S H Thn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Aus Schuldgefhlen geborene Verpflichtung zur Medizin
|de_tl    = Obligation to Medicine Born Out of Guilt
|id       = Pengobatan yang Terlahir dari Rasa Bersalah
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Medicina Nascida da Culpa
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Sululuktan Doan ifa
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Una medicina nata dal senso di colpa
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

[[ru:,    ]]