{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Meeting New People... and Foiling Some Bandits.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = The Chasm Delvers
|summary       = As you explore the lower levels of The Chasm, you discover Treasure Hoarders. If they think you'll let them do things as they please down here, then they've got another think coming!
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Clitopho; Erge; Paimon; Traveler; Zhiqiong
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = Chasm Spelunkers
|next          = Chasm Spelunkers
|exp           = 200
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}
'''Meeting New People... and Foiling Some Bandits''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[The Chasm]], [[Liyue]]. It is part of [[The Chasm Delvers]] World Quest Series.

==Steps==
# Go to the campsite that has been occupied by Treasure Hoarders
# Clear out the Treasure Hoarders in the miner's camp
#* {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher;Treasure Hoarders: Pugilist;Treasure Hoarders: Scout;Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer|#*}}
# Save the person trapped in a cage by the Treasure Hoarders
# Talk to [[Clitopho]]
# Go to the second occupied camp
# Clear the Treasure Hoarders from the miner's camp
#* {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher;Treasure Hoarders: Pugilist;Treasure Hoarders: Scout;Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer|#*}}
# Examine the giant cannon in the depths of the tunnels
# Go to the storehouse in which the cannonballs are stored
# Talk to [[Zhiqiong]]

==Notes==
* Completing step 4 of this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[The Alchemistake]]."
* The Treasure Hoarder letters at the campsites can be read at any time.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you explore the lower levels of The Chasm, you discover Treasure Hoarders. If they think you'll let them do things as they please down here, then they've got another {{sic|think}} coming!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the first occupied campsite)
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Those Treasure Hoarders have imprisoned someone. Is this human trafficking?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks you're overestimating their courage...

;(Arrive at the first occupied campsite)
:'''Erge:''' What, you're only here now? ...Wait, brothers! The hard-hats are here!
:'''Paimon:''' What hats!?
:'''Erge:''' Darn it! Come on, we're getting out of here!

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''???:''' Help! Help me! I'm here!

;(Open the cage)
:'''Clitopho:''' Phew! Thank you for saving my life...
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Wait a moment... I remember you! You're that Toclipho guy from back at the mine!
:'''Clitopho:''' Uh, what? No! That wasn't... I&mdash;I don't sell any fake medicines! I'm Clitopho, yes, but not the one that's into pharmaceuticals. No sir!
:{{DIcon}} Huh. So the medicines you sold were fake?
:'''Clitopho:''' What? No! Impossible! The medicines I sell are one-hundred-percent the real deal! I mean, you saw the miners! They drank it, and they felt great!
:'''Zhiqiong:''' And didn't you say you were the non-pharmaceutical Clitopho?
:'''Clitopho:''' Ah, uh... Right, that was after my life selling medicines ended. And it all ended when that... when that Toclipho sold fakes under a false identity!
:'''Clitopho:''' He sold fake medicines under a false name and ruined my reputation! That's right. That's why I swore off selling medicines forever!
:'''Clitopho:''' And just as I was changing tacks, I was captured by that band of Treasure Hoarders...
:'''Zhiqiong:''' But yes, that charlatan is truly despicable...
:'''Paimon:''' Yup, he's a real piece of work, to want to trick those in the same business as him like that!
:{{DIcon}} And so, what was the false name of this "Toclipho" again?
:'''Clitopho:''' Clitopho!
:'''Clitopho:''' Uh. No, wait. Clitopho isn't a fake name. It's a real one...
:'''Paimon:''' Doesn't that make "Toclipho" a fake name?
:'''Clitopho:''' No... Wait, yes. Yes. He took my name falsely, so "Clitopho" is now a false name. We're clear now, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh... So "Toclipho" became a real name.
:{{DIcon}} What a shame...
:'''Clitopho:''' What's a shame?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' You nearly confessed without us having to try too hard.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Let's take him back up. The Millelith have a lot of questions for him, most likely.
:{{DIcon}} Or we could deal with him right here and now.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' What?
:'''Clitopho:''' Hey! This isn't the time for such jokes.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, hehehe. Paimon thinks it's pretty funny.
:'''Clitopho:''' B&mdash;But you're not laughing. And no, this isn't funny at all!
:{{DIcon}} You're right, actually &mdash; because we're about to get serious.
::'''Zhiqiong:''' W&mdash;Wait a moment! This isn't the time for an interrogation!
::'''Zhiqiong:''' I don't know about you, but carrying a Treasure Hoarder you scared half to death around doesn't appeal to me one bit. Either way, let's take him back to the camp first.
:{{DIcon}} You make a good point.
:'''Clitopho:''' Hey, hey, hey! Take me along, would you? I'll be very useful to you! I mean, as you can see... I've been kicked out of the Treasure Hoarders...
:'''Clitopho:''' So now I'm an upstanding citizen again, y'know?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's what counts for "upstanding citizen" to you, huh...
:'''Zhiqiong:''' And what are your skills, again?
:'''Clitopho:''' I can... make explosives?
:'''Paimon:''' Not fake medicine?
:{{DIcon}} No, no, he said "explosives."
:'''Zhiqiong:''' And your explosives aren't fake, either?
:'''Clitopho:''' No, they're for real this time!
:'''Zhiqiong:''' ...
:'''Zhiqiong:''' ...I'm not at liberty to include you on the team. As for how we should deal with you, Jinwu would be a better judge of that. But I guess she'll just hand you over to the Millelith.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' But we'll keep an eye on you. All Treasure Hoarders are not to be trusted, let alone someone who sells fake medicine...
:'''Clitopho:''' Oh come on, I don't do that anymore!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, we know, we know! Let's go, shall we?

;(After talking to Clitopho)
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Ever since the Array was broken, many secret-smuggler's tunnels were also unsealed... That's probably how they got in.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' These guys are most likely involved in ore smuggling rings back in Liyue. It'd be a service to get rid of them.

;(Read the letter at the first camp &mdash; optional)
:'''Treasure Hoarder Letter:''' "...This Clitopho fellow is not to be trusted! He left the group that went up to steal food to rot, and he let all the Weasel Thieves go free..."
:'''Treasure Hoarder Letter:''' "...We've locked him up, awaiting Erge's judgment..."
:'''Treasure Hoarder Letter:''' "...By the way, [[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering|there was an earthquake previously]], and [[Chasm Exploration Team|some people]] came down here afterward. Everyone should be on high alert..."

----

;(Arrive at the second occupied campsite)
:'''Erge:''' Ugh, why is it you again!? And you let Clitopho out, too?
:'''Paimon:''' That's Paimon's line!
:'''Erge:''' Let's get out of here... This deal is off!

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? There's a huge cannon here. Let's go have a look at it, shall we?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' That's the [[Mountainator]] that we miners used... Well, and that's just what the miners called it.

;(Investigate the giant cannon)
:'''Clitopho:''' The locking mechanism hasn't rusted away yet. In fact, it looks like it's been lubricated. Looks like someone maintained it even after the mine was sealed.
:'''Clitopho:''' The breech also looks whole... It's just that the safety is currently locked down.
:'''Paimon:''' What is he talking about?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' The tunnels ahead were sealed using large rocks when the miners were dispersed... Looks like that's where we're going to need to use this cannon again.
:'''Clitopho:''' But without any shot, cannons, no matter how large, are useless. As such, we need to find ourselves some.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Hmph, don't say it like I didn't know that, Mr. Know-It-All.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' There's a store room nearby that should contain the cannon-shot. With any luck, not all of it was moved away when the miners were dismissed...
:{{DIcon}} Let's head that way, then.
:'''Clitopho:''' Let's go.

;(Read the letter at the second camp &mdash; optional)
:'''Treasure Hoarder Letter:''' "...We made the acquaintance of a few new companions down there, and they're requesting a few boxes of things to eat and drink. Now, we can't leave any new companions to starve just like that (especially when they've got the Mora to fork up in exchange), so could someone get them what they need quickly?..."
:'''Treasure Hoarder Letter:''' "...Also, this should give that new guy called Clitopho &mdash; you know, the fake medicine man &mdash; something to do. I'm pretty sure the mine warehouses store some food and drink."
:'''Treasure Hoarder Letter:''' "...We've already sent one batch of people. What's with the lack of reply, huh?"

----

;(Arrive at the storehouse gate)
:'''Zhiqiong:''' This is the place. *cough* Ugh, the gate's locked.
:'''Clitopho:''' Looks like we'll need to use two keys at once to open the door... Oh come on, why are you Liyue people so conscientious about the silliest things?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Oh, cut the useless chatter... See that notice pasted next to the gate? If nothing else, that tells us that our cannonballs can be found within.
:'''Clitopho:''' Well, that's one thing, but how do we know if the fuses have been well-preserved or not? I wouldn't get our hopes up just yet.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Oh, great &mdash; we have an optimist over here. Cut it with the quitter talk, would you?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' ...Seriously, what am I doing, listening to a Treasure Hoarder doubt us left and right?
:{{DIcon}} Clitopho does have a point here, actually...
:{{DIcon}} Either way, we need to get this gate open first.
:'''Paimon:''' Exactly! Don't you two fight, alright?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Hmph, alright. Let's continue. Maybe Jinwu knows how to open this gate.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' We'll be pretty busy after it opens, too. We'll have to activate a signaling device to get the breech open.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Jinwu said that there should be an observation point for the demolitions team that overlooks the cannon and that we'll be able to adjust the signal from there, which will let us unlock the cannon from a safe distance.

;(Quest ends)

;(After completing the quest, if [[First Miasmic Contact]] is already done)
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Guess we've done our jobs. Let's head back to the camp to look for Jinwu. She might know what happened here...

;(Read the notice at the gate &mdash; optional)
:'''Chasm Blasting Team Notice:''' "Please take note!"
:'''Chasm Blasting Team Notice:''' "The Chasm has been closed indefinitely. All blasting tools have been sealed within this storehouse. If you do not procure both the two necessary keys simultaneously, this gate will not open."
:'''Chasm Blasting Team Notice:''' "The fuses and cannonballs have been placed separately to prevent any accidents from occurring!"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/VdkYX09RPSY
|caption1 = Meeting New People... and Foiling Some Bandits Guide
}}

==Trivia==
* The Treasure Hoarder Letters seem to be part of the same sequence of events that are described or happen in [[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]], [[Undetected Infiltration]], and [[A Company Vanishing Into the Deep]].
* The breech on the cannon can be released prior to receiving this quest, but there are no dialogue changes.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Meeting New People... and Foiling Some Bandits
|zhs     = 踏破矿贼结新缘
|zhs_rm  = Tàpò Kuàngzéi Jié Xīnyuán
|zht     = 踏破礦賊結新緣
|zht_rm  = Tàpò Kuàngzéi Jié Xīnyuán
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 盗賊討伐と新たな出会い
|ja_rm   = Touzoku Toubatsu to Arata-na Deai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 도둑을 해치우고 만난 새로운 인연
|ko_rm   = Doduk-eul Haechi'ugo Mannan Saero'un Inyeon
|ko_tl   = A New Relationship I Met After Finished Thief
|es      = Haciendo amigos y burlando a bandidos
|es_tl   = Making Friends and Outwitting Bandits
|fr      = Nouvelle rencontre... et neutralisation des bandits
|fr_tl   = New Encounter... and Neutralization of Bandits
|ru      = Заводим друзей и одолеваем бандитов
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ทลายโจรเหมืองผูกสัมพันธ์ใหม่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quét Sạch {{tt|Khoáng Tặc|礦賊}} {{tt|Kết|結}} {{tt|Tân Duyên|新緣}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Neue Bekanntschaften mit Banditen
|de_tl   = New Acquaintances With Bandits
|id      = Bertemu Orang Baru dan Melumpuhkan Beberapa Bandit
|id_tl   = Meeting New People and Paralyzing Some Bandits
|pt      = Conhecendo Novas Pessoas... E Enganando Alguns Bandidos
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Conhecendo Novas Pessoas... E Enganando Alguns Bandidos]]