{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04020
|image         = Archon Quest Meeting Is Also Parting.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Masquerade of the Guilty
|actNum        = V
|part          = 2
|characters    = Bernette; Desyree; Essonnes; Giverny; Joinville; Jolienne; Melissa; Melus; Navia; Neuvillette; Paimon; Silver; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Belleau Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Belleau Region
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = Deluge of Wrathful Waters
|next          = Hunters, Prophets
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,225;Primogem*30;Mora*53,900;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Meeting Is Also Parting|chapter=4|act=5|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Go to the ruins
# Enter [[Place of Secrets|the ruins]]
# Search the ruins
# Keep moving
# Continue investigating the ruin
# Investigate the space ahead

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing step 4 grants the {{Achievement|Love is Destructive}}.
* If the player gets too close to the Primordial Seawater or returns to an area where they can no longer progress in the Domain [[Place of Secrets]], they will be teleported back on track.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Acting on intelligence from The Knave, your group arrives at the ruins...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the ruins)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So are these the ruins that The Knave was talking about? Whoa, talk about old...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 1 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' They seem to be pretty ancient, alright.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go in and have a look.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 1 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Just be careful!

;(Fall through the floor in the ruins)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Watch it! The floor here isn't safe!

;(Approach the Primordial Seawater)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place has also been contaminated by Primordial Seawater.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, and a lot of it, too. A Fontainian would most likely dissolve the moment they fell in.
:{{DIcon}} You should go back to safety, Navia.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, you can't go down if there's Primordial Seawater. It's too dangerous, and it won't be any help for you to just stay here.
:;(The Traveler whispers something to Paimon)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, don't get Paimon wrong... We're not saying you're useless! It's just that...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No, you're right. I can't do anything in this situation. I'll leave this to you.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll handle it! Just head back and be careful on the way out.
:{{DIcon}} From the look of things here...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe there's no way back.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That complicates things... Maybe the only way left is forward.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, do you want to wait for us here?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The water levels here are unstable and there's a chance the water will rise... so staying here wouldn't be safe either.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'll go together with you &mdash; perhaps we'll find the exit just up ahead.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like there isn't any other option.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, come with us for now, then. But please, be careful!

;(Approach the water)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... it's a dead end. Let's try climbing over from the side.

;(Step on the bridge)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait, there's something wrong with this bridge! Run for it!

;(Approach the other side of the bridge)
;(A cinematic plays)
:{{Cutscene Description|As you step onto the bridge, the ground begins to give way. You flee to the other side, but the collapse is too quick, and Navia misses a step, falling from the bridge. You leap after her, reaching out to grab her hand, but she falls in before you can grasp her...}}
:;(The Traveler and Navia run across the bridge as it begins to collapse)
:;(As Navia reaches the end, the bridge collapses beneath her and she begins to fall)
::{{A|vo fdaq302 cs1 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq302 cs1 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Navia!
:;(The Traveler runs back and jumps after her)
:;(The Traveler watches as Navia falls towards the Primordial Seawater)
:;(Cinematic ends)
----
;(Navia opens her eyes to find herself in Poisson; the screen is desaturated and slowly ripples)
:{{Color|menu|Navia opens her eyes to familiar faces before her.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Ahem... Demoiselle.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh...?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 02.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Demoiselle, what are you doing here by yourself? Would you be standing here till dark if I hadn't come to get you?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 silver 01.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Maybe she just wants some time to herself, Melus.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm? Oh, was I... Was I sleeping?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 03.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Yes, it would appear so.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ugh... I must be tired.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 silver 02.ogg}} '''Silver:''' That's quite possible. However, you were the one that suggested we go out for a walk.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, right... I nearly forgot.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' *yawn* It must have slipped my mind when I dozed off. I haven't had a nap today yet, have I?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (This is a familiar feeling... Yet, something's a little strange.)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 silver 03.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Is something the matter, Demoiselle?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, no... No, I'm fine.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I was just trying to recall why we came out for a walk.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 04.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Do you remember Mr. Giverny? He'd requested our help before with foreign merchants who had a debt dispute with him, and we'd resolved the matter not long ago.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 silver 04.ogg}} '''Silver:''' We were headed to see how things are going with him at the moment.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah, right. Yes, I remember now.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 giverny 01.ogg}} '''Giverny:''' Oh? Miss Navia! Ah, and Mr. Melus and Mr. Silver too, haha! It's good to see all of you.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' How have you been?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 giverny 02.ogg}} '''Giverny:''' I've been great. Thanks to your help, those bothersome merchants finally realized that I wasn't the one they were looking for &mdash; why, I wasn't even the guarantor for that person!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 giverny 03.ogg}} '''Giverny:''' They were knocking at my door day and night... Even my neighbor, Aubenas, was getting fed up with them!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 05.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Sometimes, force is required to calm someone down and get them to listen to what you have to say.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 giverny 04.ogg}} '''Giverny:''' Haha, that's right. Oh, by the way, Bernette... What was it that you wanted to give to Miss Navia, again?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 bernette 01.ogg}} '''Bernette:''' Oh, yes. One moment, I have it right here.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 bernette 02.ogg}} '''Bernette:''' Miss Navia, these are some flower seeds that I prepared. Please, take them. They're a very good variety, and they'll become very big and beautiful once they bloom.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 bernette 03.ogg}} '''Bernette:''' I don't know what we would have done without your help, so this is a little token of our appreciation. I hope you won't refuse!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Did you cultivate them yourself? Thank you so much &mdash; I'll certainly take them. Melus, we do still have some empty flower pots at home, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 06.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Why, we can have as many pots as you'd like, Demoiselle.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Perfect &mdash; in that case, we'll swap out some of the decorative plants for some of Mrs. Bernette's flowers...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 07.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Very well.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (Wait, something seems to be off here...)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Excuse me, Madam. If I'm not mistaken, your name is Bernette, correct?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 bernette 04.ogg}} '''Bernette:''' That's right. Is something wrong?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No, it's nothing. This is the first time we've ever met, but your name seemed familiar to me. I must have heard it when I was discussing things with your husband previously.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (I've heard this name before... sometime recently. I'm sure of it...)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (And why are there so few people around here? Where did everyone go?)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 silver 05.ogg}} '''Silver:''' We must mind the time, Demoiselle. We still have important things to attend to today.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm? We do? Like what?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 marcillac 08.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Well, now, did you forget?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 melissa 01.ogg}} '''Melissa:''' Miss Navia! Here you are! I've been looking for you... Please come to the opera house &mdash; your trial is about to begin.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My trial? Wait... Wh&mdash;Why would I need to go to the opera house?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 silver 06.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Yes, she's right, Demoiselle. It's just about time now, so we should get going.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 3 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh? Alright then...
:;(They arrive at the Opera Epiclese)<!-- screen transition -->
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 essonnes 01.ogg}} '''Essonnes:''' Look, it's Navia! She's here!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 jolienne 01.ogg}} '''Jolienne:''' And her two attendants are with her. Goodness, everyone's finally here!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (There sure are a lot of people here to see the trial, and they all seem to be oddly... excited about something. I even know some of these people.)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (Korina, Desyree, Joinville, Jolienne, Essonnes... Why are so many people here? And why do I have no recollection of this case?)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (And as for the judge... Huh? Where's Monsieur Neuvillette?)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 01.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Please sit in the defendant's seat. Don't worry, Silver and I shall accompany you.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright... But are you sure you can stand behind me?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 02.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Typically, it wouldn't be allowed, but today is an exception.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 together 01.ogg}} '''All:''' Hey, what kind of place do they think this is... C'mon, do they have any idea what they're doing!? Seriously...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Enough with the whispering! Could someone please tell me where Monsieur Neuvillette is, and why I'm standing trial?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 01.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' My dear Miss Navia, have you not yet realized what you've done? In that case, allow me to explain.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 02.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' As all here know, you are Master Callas's successor, the head of the Spina di Rosula &mdash; someone held in high regard by every soul in Poisson.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 03.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' After you took over the Spina, you treated all of us just like the late Master Callas had. If anyone in need reached out to you for help, you responded.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 04.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Not only you, but your butler, your subordinates... Nearly everyone in the Spina di Rosula fought for the well-being of those in Poisson.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait a moment. Aren't you just proving that I'm a good person?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 05.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Yes, correct, absolutely right! And that is why you stand accused! You have helped so many people get through so many difficulties &mdash; you are one with us... we are inseparable.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 06.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' We are one big family, all of us who are from Poisson, inextricably linked &mdash; and with you being so important... We couldn't possibly do without you.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 07.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Therefore, this fair and honorable court shall declare you guilty, and you shall stay here. You will be together with us &mdash; forever.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh? What are you saying...?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah... Everything you have said is correct. I have indeed done a lot for my hometown, and I would be willing to be with you all... But what is the purpose of having me stand here like this? What is there to discuss?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 08.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Oh... Well, if that's what you think, then I have no further comments.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 jolienne 02.ogg}} '''Jolienne:''' How wonderful, Miss Navia.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 essonnes 02.ogg}} '''Essonnes:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 desyree 01.ogg}} '''Desyree:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (I know all these people... Why are they laughing?)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 01.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Huh. I seem to remember now... Yes, I get it. This trial is...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 03.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Wait just a moment... This isn't right!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 09.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' What was that, Mr. Melus? Our conclusion is very clear and unanimous. Let the court judge her now! She's guilty!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 desyree 02.ogg}} '''Desyree:''' Stay here, Navia! You're one of us!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 02.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Demoiselle, don't admit guilt. This trial means to keep you here forever.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 04.ogg}} '''Melus:''' I wish to exercise my right to defend our lady. Mr. Joinville, you only know of Navia's goodness, but nothing of her utterly independent mind.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 03.ogg}} '''Silver:''' She was born a free and independent spirit. She has never been tied down by anything &mdash; indeed, even the death of Master Callas couldn't stop her.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 05.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Her actions cannot serve as proof that she identifies herself as part of any group. She merely acted as an individual, extending her hand to help others.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 06.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Please do not mistake her actions as being otherwise.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 10.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Really? As an individual, you say? Don't forget, we are all Fontainians here... This is the Nation of Justice, the Nation of Hydro.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 11.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Even if Miss Navia only voluntarily rendered her assistance, that doesn't change the fact that her beautiful soul must return to everyone. Water accepts all, blends with all... It will surely accept her kindness.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 12.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Everything is measured here in the Nation of Hydro. And in the end, everyone shall meld together. Thus, when a unanimous opinion emerges, that opinion represents justice.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 13.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Now, I speak for everyone. "Our" opinion is consistent &mdash; Navia should stay. "We" and Navia are one!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 07.ogg}} '''Melus:''' And you would call this justice? Preposterous. You are merely jealous that Demoiselle still has a chance to exist as an individual!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 08.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Have you forgotten how much you all once longed to become individuals... to become independent?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 together 02.ogg}} '''All:''' Do you mean to defy our justice?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 04.ogg}} '''Silver:''' If your justice is flawed, then why should we acknowledge it?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 09.ogg}} '''Melus:''' As you said, we can also have our own justice. Silver and I shall defend Demoiselle.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 10.ogg}} '''Melus:''' And that is how we will enforce justice.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (Ugh, my head... it hurts...)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 05.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Demoiselle.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Silver, it hurts... My head is spinning... All I can see is stars swirling in front of me.
<!--greyscale with static-->
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (I remember now... everything that seemed odd from the very beginning...)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (Korina, Desyree, Joinville, Jolienne, Essonnes...<!--greyscale/static ends--> And Mr. Giverny and Mrs. Bernette, who we met earlier...)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' (Even Melus and Silver... I don't want to admit it, but... But they're all dead!)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 06.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Don't be afraid, and don't admit guilt. We will protect you to the very end.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 desyree 03.ogg}} '''Desyree:''' Absurd! Who are you to say that she cannot be judged!? We are the majority, and in the Nation of Trials, the majority is absolute justice. We are the will of all!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 jolienne 03.ogg}} '''Jolienne:''' Don't let them escape! We shall keep Navia here with us!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 14.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' Mr. Melus and Mr. Silver... Must you be so stubborn?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 15.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' How could the two of you possibly hope to stand against the collective? Do not resist &mdash; this judgment is fair and just... Navia belongs to "us."
:;(The screen flickers red and Joinville changes into an Oceanid)
:{{Color|menu|The crowd suddenly takes on the form of Oceanids.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 joinville 16.ogg}} '''Joinville:''' After all that happened, she should not be left alone in Poisson.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What are you saying!?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 desyree 04.ogg}} '''Desyree:''' No more excuses!
:;(Desyree also changes into an Oceanid)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 essonnes 03.ogg}} '''Essonnes:''' He says we're jealous... Jealous, hah! How could she possibly be an independent individual?
:;(All the Fontainians in the audience now also appear as Oceanids)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What's with these people...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 together 03.ogg}} '''All:''' Who's jealous of her? She belongs to us! Miss... Navia... She...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Silence!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 jolienne 04.ogg}} '''Jolienne:''' Huh! That's...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Monsieur Neuvillette!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Such commotion is prohibited in the court. The accusations you just presented are nonsense, and cannot constitute a proper trial.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The court will adjourn for the rest of the day &mdash; in this, I shall hear no objections from any unauthorized party.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 11.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Our thanks, Monsieur Neuvillette.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Please leave with me, Miss Navia, while there is still time.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 12.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Go on now, Demoiselle. This is your only chance to leave this place. What, can't bear to leave us behind or something?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 07.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Melus!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 13.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Haha, my apologies. I couldn't resist making one little joke once I realized that this shall be our last goodbye.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus... Silver...
:{{Color|menu|For an instant, they all seem to have transformed into Oceanids, only to return to their original forms afterwards.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Quickly, you must come now!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 marcillac 14.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Goodbye, Demoiselle.
:;(The screen becomes white)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 silver 08.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Farewell.
<!-- screen transition -->
:;(Navia awakes in front of the Traveler and Paimon)
:{{Color|menu|Navia is shocked awake.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No, wait! Just a second!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Navia!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You're awake. Good.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 22.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 23.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I must have been dreaming... Melus and Silver were still alive, and they were... they were defending me at some insane trial.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It looks like you're alright.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did all the sad feelings cause you to have a nightmare? Paimon... could give you a hug...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The ruins you were exploring suffered a cave-in. When I arrived, I found you falling toward the water.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You were just about to be dissolved within, but I... Hmm.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 24.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm?&nbsp;... What is it?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...I think I saw two Oceanids protecting you. It was only for a moment, perhaps even a fraction of a second, but they gave me the chance to retrieve you.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Were it not for their intervention, I would not have been able to rescue you before your consciousness dissipated.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, did you say Oceanids? You mean like what happened with Vacher?
:{{DIcon}} So people that are dissolved became Oceanids?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Perhaps those two Oceanids were the people you saw in your dream.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 25.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 26.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I always told them that they didn't have to protect me... To think that they'd keep doing so even after death...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' {{Traveler}}, Please come with me.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Neuvillette, are you okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Huh? Oh, I am quite alright. Perhaps there's something we could chat about...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why do you look so stiff all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows! You're the type who feels awkward when there's nothing to talk about, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I merely thought that we should give Navia some time to herself.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why didn't you just say so, then? Don't you think it's even more awkward to call us over like this and then have nothing to talk about?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hmm, I suppose so...
:{{DIcon}} By the way, Sigewinne sends her regards.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, Sigewinne. I hope all is well with her these days. Her work in the Fortress of Meropide has not been too much for her, has it?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way, don't worry. She's doing fine down there. She's an amazing head nurse!
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 19.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I see. Well, that is good. I have always worried that Sigewinne would need a lot of time to understand the world of humanity, just as I have.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and the Duke also says hi, even though Sigewinne made him do that... He hopes that you haven't been overwhelmed by all that's happened lately.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 20.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Thank you. I have indeed been busy lately, and I also hope that everything is going well in the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh. He still doesn't know what to talk about... Let's chat about something else, then.
:{{DIcon}} You're the expert here, Paimon, what should we talk about?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Neuvillette... Uh, you're probably quite the swimmer, huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 21.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hmm? Yes, of course.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, this isn't going anywhere... Let's try something else! How did you find these ruins? Did The Knave tell you?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 22.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes, in fact. I had arranged to meet you in Poisson, but when I arrived, I discovered that the Fatui were helping the residents evacuate. They had even transported a large quantity of supplies to the area.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 23.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Amid my astonishment, I ran into The Knave, and we had a chat. She informed me that she had asked you to investigate the ancient ruins here.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. We originally planned to meet up with you, but we thought you might still be busy with all those official documents. We didn't think exploring the ruins would take very long, and who would've thought you'd wrap things up so quickly.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I hope Navia can get back on her feet.)

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 27.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Whew, I'm sorry to have kept you all waiting like that. I'm feeling much better now.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 navia 28.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I guess we should get going again. Will you come with us, Monsieur Neuvillette?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 neuvillette 24.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes, if you wouldn't mind my company.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, another one joins the party! Let's get going then!

;(Step on the crumbling stairs)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, another unstable path... Watch your step!

;(Enter the room with three Mitachurls)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Watch out! There are rocks falling over here!

;(Climb the stairs)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems we're almost at the top. Keep it up!

;(Approach the center of the room with stone slates)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we've reached the end...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This is the place. There should not be any other hidden spaces in the vicinity.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The path sure had some twists and turns, but it turns out that this place isn't actually that big.
:{{DIcon}} There seems to be something on the wall.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Stone slates? It seems like they were put here as an offering... Could we take them down and have a look?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Perhaps we should just leave them be for now.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, there are four locations in total, but only three stone slates. The slate that should be in the first empty spot is missing.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The surrounding walls also show signs of damage.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's something written below, let Paimon see... "Reason dictates that this nation be destroyed. I shall record the history of its future here in its past..." Uh, say what?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It feels like someone left these slates and these words here for a purpose. But does he mean that Fontaine should be destroyed?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' That would fit the circumstances dictated by the prophecy, yes. Indeed, the slates' contents correspond to it. Take the second slate, for example.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a person kneeling here. She seems so... dedicated, and there's a whole bunch of other people behind her doing the same. She's facing this... What is this? Some kinda island in the sky?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And is that... Lady Furina in the third image? Did the Hydro Archon fall into the water?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And is that a ring of people around her? Paimon doesn't quite get it... are they all in the water?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The fourth image... I know this one. This exactly matches the content of the prophecy...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The people will all be dissolved into the waters, and only the Hydro Archon will remain, weeping on her throne.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, they do seem to match...
:{{Color|Neuvillette touches the stone slates...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:;(Neuvillette reaches out to the third stone slate and water emerges from it)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' More information should be hidden in these slates, but I fear I cannot easily uncover it &mdash; most likely due to us missing the first slate. I am very sorry.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Don't blame yourself, Monsieur Neuvillette. Deciphering ancient stone slates isn't one of your duties.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon's getting the chills just looking at these slates...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This says that it's "the history of the future," right? That means the prophecy's sure to come true...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...I really hope it doesn't mean that.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon feels like these images are kinda weird when you look at them together...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} I get what you mean, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} The issue is the order of the third and fourth images, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That's right! If the images are in chronological order, shouldn't the fourth &mdash; the waters drowning Fontaine &mdash; come before the third, where the Hydro Archon herself falls into the water?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And yet the order is reversed here.
:{{DIcon}} The second image is also quite concerning.
:{{DIcon}} What sin are the people in the images confessing to?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If we go by timing, Lady Furina only emerges in the third image... That means that the person in the second image might be the previous Hydro Archon.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' [[Egeria]], then... I had never met her, but her appearance here does match the records.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The previous Archon kneeling before the floating island in the skies, as if confessing a sin...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Did she herself commit that sin? And if not, why would she be in such a posture...?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Also, I'm still wondering why these ancient stone slates are here at all. Judging from their contents... Could this place be the origin of the prophecy? Does that mean that someone, or some people, once saw these slates?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But who would have created these slates and left these words here?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It seems that any further clues will have to come from Furina.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' In that case, there's no time to lose. There's nothing else to be gained here, so let's head back first.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. We'd better just get somewhere safe for now...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Honestly, who created the slates doesn't matter now. The real question is whether things will truly play out as the prophecy foretells or not.)

;(Leave the domain)
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Let's split up here. I'm going to check on what's happening with the Spina &mdash; you know how it is. There's some things you just need to be there for yourself.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You still have the energy for that, Navia? Paimon's already beat...
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Just head back to the Fleuve Cendre and have a rest, then. Thanks for keeping me company all this time.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I'll depart as well. Thanks for your hard work today. Rest well, everyone.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' {{Traveler}}, I will go talk to Furina tomorrow morning to ask about the stone slates.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I'm sure that you're concerned about this matter as well. If you have time, drop by my office. I will share the results of our discussion with you.
:{{DIcon}} Alright. See you tomorrow.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you really gonna talk to her about this directly? Will that be a problem...? Ugh, Paimon's getting a little scared now that it's come to this.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' She has long been harboring secrets, and will not give them up easily &mdash; which makes it all the more my duty to ensure that she understands the present situation.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, we'll leave it in your hands, then &mdash; you're probably the best person to talk to her, anyway.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I will be carefully considering my words tonight.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, our safe house at the Fleuve Cendre is always open to you, as ever. So please don't think you're an imposition.
:{{A|vo fdaq302 6 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright. I'll be on my way, then!
:;(Continues to ''[[Hunters, Prophets]]'')
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo fdaq302 4 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's that over there?
:{{A|vo fdaq302 2 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The path seems to end here.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Meeting Is Also Parting
|zhs     = 相见亦是离别
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 相見亦是離別
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 会うは別れの始め
|ja_rm   = Au wa Wakare no Hajime
|ja_tl   = Meeting is the Beginning of Parting
|ko      = 만남은 곧 이별
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Todo encuentro tiene su final
|es_tl   = Every Encounter Has Its End
|fr      = Rencontre est synonyme de séparation
|fr_tl   = Meeting Is Synonymous With Parting
|ru      = Любая встреча - это расставание
|ru_tl   = Any Meeting is Parting
|th      = การพบพานคือสัญญาณแห่งการจากลา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tương Phùng Cũng Là Ly Biệt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Treffen ist auch Abschied
|de_tl   = Meeting Is Also Parting
|id      = Pertemuan Adalah Perpisahan
|id_tl   = Meeting is Parting
|pt      = Encontros Também São Despedidas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Vedadır Her Kavuşma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Incontrarsi significa anche dirsi addio
|it_tl   = To Meet Also Means To Say Goodbye
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[es:Todo encuentro tiene su final]]