{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Melo Lombroso.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Rocher
|spouseNote       = husband
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Mosso Lombroso
|relativeNote     = grandfather
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Melo Lombroso''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Questioning Melusine and Answering Machine}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Melo Lombroso was the granddaughter of the prominent scientist [[Mosso Lombroso]], who created the lie-detecting machine {{LL|[["Curve"]]|.}} 

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events
|The Red and the Black = cameo}}

==Story==
In Melo's childhood, a failed attempt by Mosso Lombroso and the then-Editor-in-Chief of [[The Steambird]] to develop "Curve"'s lie-detecting modules through the newspaper caused popular opinion to violently turn against "Curve." To save his invention, Mosso falsified evidence indicating he had tampered with "Curve"'s programming and had the Editor-in-Chief publish articles which exposed him, leading to Mosso's death in the Duelists' Arena.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Questions and Answers}}</ref>

Melo was not allowed to watch Mosso's duel, but after his death, her father gave her the Old Clockwork Locket gifted by Mosso as a memento. Years later, her then-husband [[Rocher]] inadvertently sold this locket to repay the Elegant Tableware Confrerie, who duped him into a {{w|multi-level marketing}} scheme. Unable to admit the truth as to how he lost the locket, he lied and told her that he lost it while gambling. Furious, Melo threw him out of the house and took the losses,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Vagrants and Scamps}}</ref> leading to her own loss in wealth.

During the ''Questioning Melusine and Answering Machine'' questline, Melo becomes a suspect for the identity of "Crow or Blackbird?," who wrote threatening letters to The Steambird regarding the truth behind Mosso's death and stole [[Sir Arthur]] as a bargaining chip. [[Euphrasie]] exonerates Melo and the [[Traveler]] returns the lost locket, having discovered it at the Elegant Tableware Confrerie's hideout during the investigation into Sir Arthur's disappearance. Melo also recognizes "Curve" after he recites Mosso's favorite phrase: "The different ways in which lies can exist," in response to the inscription inside the locket, "Faded under the sunlight, shining under the sunlight." After exposing Melo's photo inside the locket to light, it reveals a map to Mosso's research lab, which [[Talochard]] had been hoping to find.

After the ''Questioning Melusine and Answering Machine'' questline, Melo can be found next to Rocher's tent.<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Melo Lombroso
|zhs     = 梅洛・郎勃罗梭
|zhs_rm  = Méiluò Lángbóluósuō
|zht     = 梅洛・郎勃羅梭
|zht_rm  = Méiluò Lángbóluósuō
|ja      = メロ・ランボロッソ
|ja_rm   = Mero Ranborosso
|ko      = 메로<・: >롬브로소
|es      = Melo Lombroso
|fr      = Melo Lombroso
|ru      = Мело Ломброзо
|th      = Melo Lombroso
|vi      = Melo Lombroso
|de      = Melo Lombroso
|id      = Melo Lombroso
|pt      = Mero Lombroso
|tr      = Melo Lombroso
|it      = Melo Lombroso
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Melo lombroso]]