{{Event Tabs
|story = false
}}
{{Event
|name              = Melusines' Survey
|image             = Melusines' Survey.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-12-25 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-01-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/114158
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20231225melusine-questionnaire/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Aeval;Elphane
}}
{{Description|The two Fontainian aquabus tour guides [[Aeval]] and [[Elphane]] have been tasked with carrying out a survey of Travelers visiting [[Fontaine]].<br>Help Aeval and Elphane with their research~<br><br>Obtain Primogems and other in-game rewards, as well as a little surprise!}}
'''Melusines' Survey''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.3]].

==Event Rules==
* Event Duration: 2023/12/25 12:00 – 2024/01/07 23:29 (UTC+8)
* Raffle Prize Results Announcement: Before January 12, 2024
* Primogem Rewards Claim Time: Within 30 days of receiving the mail

==Event Rewards==
* Complete the survey to obtain Primogems ×40, Hero's Wit, and other in-game rewards.<br>{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3}}
* Share your survey results with the hashtag #GenshinMelusinesSurvey on Twitter (X), Facebook, Instagram, Telegram, VK, or other social media platforms.
** Primogems ×160 (100 Winners)
** Genshin Impact Ganyu Figure (10 Winners)
* Sharing on HoYoLAB does not count towards prize draw participation.

==User Terms and Conditions==
* Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly. You can participate in this event as long as your Adventure Rank is at least 10.
* After helping Aeval and Elphane complete their survey, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
* Players who share their survey results with the specified hashtag #GenshinMelusinesSurvey on Twitter (X), Facebook, Instagram, Telegram, VK, or other social media platforms will be entered into the raffle and have a chance to win Primogems ×160 or a Genshin Impact figure.
* If you post and win on multiple platforms, you'll only be able to win one reward. Reward information will be sent out via private messages.
* The list of winners will be posted on the various official social media platforms for different languages. Relevant information will also be sent to the winners via private messages.
* Primogem rewards obtained from the raffle will be issued via in-game mail within 20 business days of the winners list being announced. The mail is valid for 30 days. You will be deemed to have forfeited your rewards if you fail to claim them before the mail expires, so don't forget to claim them in time.
* Winners will be informed of the specific issuance time for Genshin Impact figures won in the raffle via private messages.
* This event will be held and judged on multiple platforms. The event rewards will be shared across all platforms, and will not be distributed proportionately between different platforms/regions.
* If the issuance of rewards fails due to the player providing the incorrect UID or delivery address, the official team will not re-issue said rewards.
* If you have any queries about the event, please contact our Customer Service at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com or via the in-game Feedback feature.
* There is a possibility that this event may be changed or ended without notice.
* More details about the rules of the event can be found on the event rules on the event page.
* This web event is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Melusines' Survey
|zhs      = 美露莘的调查问卷
|zhs_rm   = Měilùxīn de Diàochá Wènjuàn
|zht      = 美露莘的調查問卷
|zht_rm   = Měilùxīn de Diàochá Wènjuàn
|zh_tl    = Melusines' Questionnaire
|ja       = メリュジーヌのアンケート調査
|ja_rm    = Meryujiinu no Ankeeto Chousa
|ja_tl    = Melusines' Survey
|ko       = 멜뤼진의 설문조사
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Sondeo de las melusinas
|es_tl    = Melusines' Survey
|fr       = Enquête des mélusines
|fr_tl    = Melusines' Investigation
|ru       = Опросник мелюзин
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = แบบสอบถามของเมลูซีน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Khảo Sát Của Melusine
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Umfrage der Melusinen
|de_tl    = Melusines' Survey
|id       = Survei Melusine
|id_tl    = Melusines' Survey
|pt       = Pesquisa das Melusines
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Melusinaların Anketi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Sondaggio delle Melusine
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[fr:Enquête des mélusines]]
[[pt-br:Pesquisa das Melusines]]