{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73305
|image         = World Quest Memories of Gurabad.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Apocalypse Lost
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Liloupar; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Safhe Shatranj]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea       = Safhe Shatranj
|prev          = The Fallen Falcon
|next          = Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
}}
'''''Memories of Gurabad''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]], Sumeru.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by placing the 5 [[Chess Piece]]s on the chessboard in [[Safhe Shatranj]] and after having finished [[The Fallen Falcon]].
# Talk to Liloupar
# Investigate Chess Piece
# Trigger Chess Piece
# Open the gate to Gurabad
# Obtain Liloupar's fragment

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[["If They Had Known the Unseen..."]]''.
* After completing this quest:
**The [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] ''[[Chessboard of Safhe Shatranj]]'' can be started which involves finding every [[Activation Device]] and placing it in the corresponding chess piece.
**The [[Viewpoint]] ''[[Viewpoint/Safhe Shatranj|Safhe Shatranj]]'' becomes accessible.
**The previously illegible "Stone Tablets" found throughout the ruins of the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]] become readable.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|There was a strange vibration in the ancient "training field" which, according to Liloupar, may have something to do with Gurabad's long past...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Liloupar)
:'''Liloupar:''' ...Be careful. I feel some strange tremors from deep underground.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What did you feel?
:'''Liloupar:''' It's nothing... That was just a drill.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... So it was just a drill!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... What kind of drill are you talking about!?
:'''Liloupar:''' Shh... They're here.

;(While fighting the primal constructs)
:'''Liloupar:''' Watch out!

;(Upon defeating the last primal construct)
:'''Liloupar:''' You did it. I knew that dealing with these creatures would not trouble you at all.
:'''Liloupar:''' Ah... look. Gurabad.

;(After defeating the primal constructs)
:'''Liloupar:''' Please connect me with that chess piece.
:'''Paimon:''' C&mdash;Connect...? What do you mean?
:'''Liloupar:''' Find the protrusion on its surface and insert that into the slot on my bottle. It's as simple as that.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... there's a slot on your bottle? But it looks pretty smooth... There's no place to plug it in!
:'''Liloupar:''' It's there. You just can't see it...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...
:'''Liloupar:''' ...Because I just made it up.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... Hey!
:'''Liloupar:''' Ha... Alright, that's enough jokes for now. All you have to do, my master, is to hold me and touch the chess piece.

;(Investigate the chess piece)
:'''Liloupar:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Liloupar, are you alright? Why are you so quiet?
:{{DIcon}} Shh!
:{{DIcon}} Liloupar?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... Look. She's glowing. Well, differently from normal, anyway...

:'''The Jinni's bottle shimmers, seemingly in tune with the vibration of the chess piece.<br />You can hear the passing of time like drops of water in a prison... It seems to last a lifetime, or perhaps just for a moment.<br />Liloupar doesn't say a word.'''

:'''Then, out of the mist, you see a great city, big, bloated, and cold.<br />The earth opens up, swallowing everything in Gurabad...<br />And there stands its gate, set in the mountain wall. It is loathsome, seeming almost to contain all the filth of the ancient world that somehow escaped the people's gaze...'''

:'''Liloupar:''' That's Gurabad over there. I remember it now.
:{{DIcon}} My head really hurts...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, what's the matter with you guys... Can't you let Paimon know in advance next time? These surprises are bad for Paimon's heart!
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph! That's what you get for cheesing Paimon off!
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' That's what you always say!
:'''Liloupar:''' Heh... What a child you are. Worry not, I will give {{MC|m=him|f=her}} back, little one.
:'''Liloupar:''' And when the time comes, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} shall see you compensated with all the food you may desire, and that... currency of yours. "Mura," was it?
:{{DIcon}} It's "Mora"... wait, what am I even correcting you for?
:{{DIcon}} Don't put words into my mouth...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that's more like it! Paimon's noted it all down! Delicious food and Mora!
:'''Liloupar:''' Alright, playtime is over. Let us go to Gurabad, my master.
:{{DIcon}} Why do we have to go there?
::'''Liloupar:''' Why, you ask? In truth, I know not... Perhaps the reason does not even matter, but I must make my way there. So...
::'''Liloupar:''' If there must be a reason, my master, it would be because I want you to witness my past and the lessons I learned.
:{{DIcon}} Gurabad... What is over there?
::'''Liloupar:''' There's nothing left. Nothing at all...
::'''Liloupar:''' All that remains are the memories of ghosts, broken dreams that can never be recovered, and the sweet aftertaste of revenge... or so I would say.
::'''Liloupar:''' This is a sizable request, and of that I am aware... but I wish for you to witness my past and the lessons I had to learn.
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' This does sound kinda ridiculous... and Paimon really doesn't get it, but what you're saying almost sounds like a farewell. Did something happen?
:'''Liloupar:''' Ah, nay. I just wish to show you some things.
:'''Paimon:''' What's that supposed to mean!? You're talking in riddles!
:'''Liloupar:''' In short, please follow me. I shall lead you to Gurabad...
----
;(Trigger the chess piece)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! We were just next to that chess piece. Then things went "whoosh," and now we're here!
:'''Paimon:''' How did this happen? That's really awesome!
:'''Liloupar:''' Hehe, and would you like a repeat performance?
:{{DIcon}} Again, again!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, show some restraint! What are you, a kid?
:{{DIcon}} No, I'm a little dizzy...
::'''Paimon:''' Now that you mention it... Paimon's head feels a little woozy, too...
:'''Liloupar:''' That is normal. The coordinates are somewhat off. Perhaps the device is showing its age...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey... Isn't this the valley we first went to? What are you bringing us here for? Is there anything worth seeing here?
:'''Liloupar:''' You ask too many questions, little one.
:'''Liloupar:''' Strange... It was supposed to be here... Ah, here it is!
:;(Liloupar tears down part of the cave wall to reveal a larger cavern)
:'''Liloupar:''' Behold Gurabad. Once, it was swallowed by the very earth itself — now, it lies before you.
:'''Liloupar:''' Ah. It would seem that this place has some new tenants. Please do get rid of them, my master.

;(Defeat the Primal Constructs and obtain Liloupar's fragment)
:'''As the shard of light merges with Liloupar's magic bottle, you feel a little of your own power being pulled away...'''

:'''"Shiruyeh is Khorramdin."<br />Thus says the man in the brass mask.'''

:'''"There will be no heirs to your name. I will do away with the many idols in your temples. I will consign you to your grave, for such does one as despicable as you deserve."<br />Says the man in the brass mask.'''

:'''Through the Jinni's entranced eyes, you bear witness to Gurabad as it is engulfed in darkness...<br />The city of Gurabad has long been a reservoir of water, but now its inhabitants scatter like a torrent.<br />The Jinn, devoid of intellect, pour out from cold machine husks, from the soldiers' weapons... And the scarlet wine, the juice of the pomegranate, bursts forth...'''

:'''The pomegranates are crushed and cracked, and they are trampled into a mass of mud... Plump or withered, rich or humble... The scarlet fruits, with hue and cry, tell of the Khorramdin's coming &mdash; the joy of life and the joy of vengeance.<br />The juice tastes as sweet and mellow as sweet wine, and flows through the city, turning the reservoir into a vast red sea...<br />The sea first drowns the slaves, and then their masters howl as they flounder amidst the roiling waves of night.'''

:'''Finally, you see the brass-masked king. He flees into the shadows &mdash; into Shirin's arms...<br />Her face is old and dim, all traces of life and reason having vanished from it like dust in the night's wind.<br />And then there is King Kisra, who turned into a dark monster... they all are your flesh and blood, yet you rejoice, and you exult in that retribution.'''

:'''O Gurabad, you are mortally stricken, your shame shown to all...<br />All who receive these tidings shall clap and shout for joy...<br />For is there anyone who has not felt your unending tyranny?'''

:'''Liloupar:''' "O Gurabad, you are mortally stricken, your shame shown to all..."
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} So...
:'''Liloupar:''' Ormazd was once the lover of the one called Liloupar. It was by the Jinni's love that he rose from a lowly shepherd to become a king amongst mortals.
:'''Liloupar:''' I once believed that he was no mere mortal companion. Foolishly, I fell for those eyes of his... But the vanity and selfishness that kings are wont to have seized him in the end.
:'''Liloupar:''' He turned out to be no different from those mortal rulers who live one day and die the next, wandering amidst dreams of conquest and persecution, building their palaces upon quicksand.
:{{DIcon}} So, you brought him low...
:'''Liloupar:''' Like I said, I punished him &mdash; handed ruin down from father to son, across three generations.
:'''Liloupar:''' Kisra Parvezravan, Shirin, they are my blood... It was by schemes of blood, honeyed execution, and raging ambition that I punished them all.
:'''Liloupar:''' But that was not all... *sigh* That was not all.
:{{DIcon}} About the "punishment"...
:{{DIcon}} About the fall of Gurabad...
:'''Liloupar:''' Vain Parvezravan, my dear child... He wanted unlimited power, and so I gave it to him.
:'''Liloupar:''' I designed for him machines driven by the remnants of Jinn spirits, and in a dream of pitch-black darkness, I inspired him to build a colossal machine that could swallow up and spit out a torrent of artificial objects...
:'''Liloupar:''' They brought him untold wealth, but they also robbed the laborers of their lives and the farmers of their property.
:'''Liloupar:''' Thus the lords and the rich men wept, crying: "Verily this is the triumph of mortals, the end of slavery!" But only I knew. Only I understood...
:'''Liloupar:''' This abolition of slavery was itself the beginning of endless and cruel servitude &mdash; slave owners were freed from the obligation to raise their slaves, and the slaves were deprived even of small mercies like a full stomach...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, you're starting to lose Paimon here... What are you talking about!?
:'''Liloupar:''' Poverty is accompanied by hatred, and hatred begets ambition... Riches lead to greed, and greed also fuels ambition.
:'''Liloupar:''' It was ambition that drove him to force his queen, Shirin &mdash; his elder sister by blood &mdash; to create Jinn, mindless and malformed... And her suffering pleased me... it empowered me...
:'''Liloupar:''' ...And I was thus able to foster their flesh and blood.
:{{DIcon}} You refer to Shiruyeh...
::'''Liloupar:''' Yes, Shiruyeh, brass-masked Khorramdin. The smallfolk and the slaves saw him as an emissary of my mistress, as a savior to them in their misery.
::'''Liloupar:''' So he led them to embrace justice... To embrace death.
:{{DIcon}} "The Brass Mask"...
::'''Liloupar:''' Ah, yes... Khorramdin, brass-masked King Shiruyeh. "The Emissary of the Mistress"! "Savior of the Commoners and Slaves"! Haha. A gifted charlatan, that one.
::'''Liloupar:''' And in the end, he led those who followed him to their doom... The earth swallowed them whole, and they fell into a dark chasm together with the entire city.
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Liloupar:''' Hmm? So you're still here, little one... Why are you silent?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... it's just, Paimon doesn't understand... And what you just said sounded really terrifying.
:'''Liloupar:''' Oh, it's alright... I was only talking about my past... and of my destiny.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon... Paimon doesn't know what to say...
:'''Liloupar:''' Thanks to your company, I was able to return to my mistress's garden...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what made you say this all of a sudden...?
:'''Liloupar:''' Gurabad is, for me, a fated land. I must therefore return back to this city, where my destiny awaits me still.
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Do you have to go back and make amends for all the wrong things you've done or something...?
:'''Liloupar:''' Done wrong? Ha! I have done nothing wrong. But my children are still there. She and Shiruyeh... they must be rather lonely.
:{{DIcon}} So what you're saying is...
:'''Liloupar:''' The power of the darkness is growing stronger... only a mother's power can face it head-on.
:'''Liloupar:''' I thought I could use the dark abyss to punish that which I hated... But what goes around, comes around... It shall also be my destiny to enter Gurabad and face its retribution.
:'''Liloupar:''' My master... I am sorry that I couldn't stay by your side for long, and that I could not have more time to get familiar with you.
:'''Liloupar:''' But I know that fate will arrange for us to meet again. You possess an incorruptible quality. I believe... that I will have made the right choice.
:{{DIcon}} The right choice...?
:{{DIcon}} You're leaving?
:'''Liloupar:''' Generally speaking, the master doesn't choose the Jinni. Instead, the Jinni chooses their master. Even should we part ways here, I doubt our connection will be easily severed.
:'''Liloupar:''' So... please accept this final gift.
:'''Liloupar:''' Please... hold me close to your ear once more.

:'''You hold the magic bottle to your ear...<br />There is a chuckle, and you hear someone whispering in your ear in a gentle and delicate language...<br />She speaks of things as unknowable as a deep spring, but you comprehend it all.<br />And at last, the words dissipate, leaving only a cool tingling in your ear...'''

:'''Through her guidance, you have become familiar with the ancient verses...<br />But she speaks no more.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Eh, look! The light in the bottle has dimmed... Liloupar! Are you alright?
:'''Paimon:''' Liloupar? Liloupar?
:'''Liloupar:''' (The light of the bottle fades, then the flickering gradually returns &mdash; but she speaks no more.)
:{{DIcon}} She's gone...
:{{DIcon}} Gurabad... It awaits her.
:'''Paimon:''' Is that how it is... Seems like it really was goodbye... Will we ever see her again...?
:'''Paimon:''' And uh, should we... go now?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Memories of Gurabad
|zhs     = 居尔城的记忆
|zhs_rm  = Jū'ěr-chéng de Jìyì
|zht     = 居爾城的記憶
|zht_rm  = Jū'ěr-chéng de Jìyì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ジュラバドの記憶
|ja_rm   = Jurabado no Kioku
|ja_tl   = Memories of Gurabad
|ko      = 구라바드의 기억
|ko_rm   = Gurabadeu-ui Gieok
|ko_tl   = Gurabad's Memories
|es      = Recuerdos de Gurabad
|es_tl   = Memories of Gurabad
|fr      = Souvenirs de Gurabad
|fr_tl   = Memories of Gurabad
|ru      = Память о Гюрабаде
|ru_tl   = Memory of Gurabad
|th      = ความทรงจำแห่งเมือง Gurabad
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ký Ức Của Gurabad
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Erinnerungen an Gurabad
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Kenangan Gurabad
|id_tl   = Memories of Gurabad
|pt      = Memórias de Gurabad
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gurabad Hatıraları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ricordi di Gurabad
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}