{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08006
|image         = Archon Quest C2A4 Memories of Inteyvat.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = IV
|act           = Requiem of the Echoing Depths
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = [[The Grave of the Guarded]]
|next          = [[The Black Serpent Knights' Glory]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*575;Mora*19,800;Adventurer's Experience*7;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|characters    = Dainsleif; Halfdan; Paimon; Traveler; Traveler's Sibling
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Memories of Inteyvat|chapter=2|act=4|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Go along the path that [[Halfdan]] has indicated
# Follow the path and continue exploring
# Head to the hilichurl camp
# Look for clues in the hilichurl camp (0/4)
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] disabled
#* Investigating the flower will skip any unread dialogue of the other clues.
# Leave the hilichurl camp
# Defeat the Abyss Herald
#*{{Enemy|Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents|x=1}}
# Talk to Dainsleif

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest grants the {{Achievement|The Will to Live and the Depths of Lamentation}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Black Serpent Knights present here do not, in truth, mean you ill. They are simply driven by their remaining instincts to defend those hilichurls. After you discover some of the secrets of this strange city, the Black Serpent Knight Halfdan seems to have something to show you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon approaching the ledge outside of the chamber)
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Halfdan jumped down over there. Let's follow him.

;(Arrive at the location on the ground)
:{{A|vo szaq103 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like Halfdan disappeared at the far end of this path...
:{{A|vo szaq103 1 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Perhaps whatever lies ahead is what he wants us to see. Let's keep going.

;(Upon approaching the crates, bonfire, and hilichurl totem)
:{{A|vo szaq103 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are more signs of hilichurl activity here.

;(Upon turning past the hilichurl cooking pot and totem)
:{{A|vo szaq103 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that the way into the hilichurl camp? Let's go see.

;(Upon arriving at the hilichurl camp)
:{{A|vo szaq103 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a humble hilichurl camp...
:{{A|vo szaq103 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, these hilichurls look like they're in pretty bad shape, too. Some of them look like they've already... taken their final breath...
:{{A|vo szaq103 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this what Halfdan wanted to show us?
:{{A|vo szaq103 2 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Whether it is or not, everything here is worth investigating in detail. Inspect the area. Leave no stone unturned.

----

;(Investigate the already lit bonfire)
:{{A|vo szaq103 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's even a bonfire here, like what hilichurls build in the wild.
:{{A|vo szaq103 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, but wasn't Dain saying that hilichurls get scared of the light when they reach the very end of their lives...?
:{{A|vo szaq103 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, maybe in the very, very end, they still want to feel some light and warmth? Uh... just thinking aloud here, could also be another reason!

;(Investigate the crates)
:{{A|vo szaq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hilichurls usually store food in crates like these, right?
:{{A|vo szaq103 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... these seem pretty much empty. Is it because they're so near to the end that they don't need to eat anymore?
:{{A|vo szaq103 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Even if they don't need to eat anymore, Paimon bets they still miss food for the flavor.

;(Investigate the prone hilichurls near the entrance)
:{{A|vo szaq103 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like... these hilichurls have no life left in them at all. Before long, they'll become one with the darkness.
:{{A|vo szaq103 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The hilichurls we meet in the wild are always so rowdy... Paimon never would have imagined that this is how they spend their final days.
:{{A|vo szaq103 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We may not have a whole lot of happy memories dealing with hilichurls, but still, Paimon hopes they're at peace in their last moments.

;(Investigate the flower)
:{{color|menu|In the camp, you discover a white flower that has been carefully placed on the ground.}}
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How did that flower get this far underground?
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did someone bring it in memory of the deceased hilichurls?
:{{DIcon}} I know this flower...
:{{DIcon}} I've seen this kind of flower before...
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, now that you mention it, Paimon thinks it looks kinda familiar, too...
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It is the national flower of Khaenri'ah: the "[[Inteyvat]]." It once bloomed all over the nation.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It would only last two weeks before wilting. But if you were to pluck one and take it out of Khaenri'ah, the petals would stop growing and turn hard.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Only when it finally returned to its home soil would the petals grow soft once more, and finally turn to dust...
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' So the Inteyvat is a symbol for a wanderer far from home, signifying the tenderness of the homeland.
:{{DIcon}} {{MC|That's the flower my sister was wearing in her hair.|That's the flower I've been wearing in my hair since I woke up.}}
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* So for this flower to get here, it must have been brought from...
:{{Color|menu|You reach out and touch the flower, and as you do, things that happened before flash before your eyes once again...}}
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 invokerwater 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo szaq103 6 invokerwater 01b.ogg}}--> '''Abyss Herald:''' Your Highness... so the proposal finally has your blessing?
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 01.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler's Sibling}}:''' In focusing single-mindedly on confronting the Heavenly Principles, we neglected our original mission: the revival of the homeland.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 02.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 02.ogg}} '''{{Traveler's Sibling}}:''' I should not have been so indecisive.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 invokerwater 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' The device is almost ready. We await your command.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 03.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 03.ogg}} '''{{Traveler's Sibling}}:''' What are the chances of succeeding?
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 invokerwater 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Theoretically speaking... approximately&mdash;
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 04.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 04.ogg}} '''{{Traveler's Sibling}}:''' Forget it. Even a one-percent chance is enough...
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 05.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 05.ogg}} '''{{Traveler's Sibling}}:''' For too long have we dwelt in the Abyss.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 06.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 06.ogg}} '''{{Traveler's Sibling}}:''' Surely, they would rather return to the natural cycle of life and death as soon as possible than continue to exist as they are, without a shred of dignity.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 07.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 07.ogg}} '''{{Traveler's Sibling}}:''' They cannot be made to continue paying the price... for those so-called sins.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 invokerwater 04.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' The Order is most fortunate to be graced with your decision.
:;(The Abyss Herald leaves)
:;(The Traveler's Sibling walks toward the Traveler and disappears as the Traveler reaches out)
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 hero 08.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 heroine 08.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' {{MC|Lumine|Aether}}...
:{{color|menu|The vision ends.}}
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You saw something, didn't you? Can you tell me what it was?
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you zoned out for quite a while there.
:{{Black Screen|You relate the scene you just saw to Dainsleif...}}
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Huh. Well, people do say that twins have a special connection...
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It sounds as if they are attempting to make use of certain equipment to cleanse the curse. It could well be the device we saw earlier.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 08b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And... you say {{MC|she|he}} mentioned the "revival of the homeland," correct?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:{{DIcon}} {{MC|She|He}} said it was {{MC|her|his}} mission.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No surprise there. Stubborn as ever.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It appears as if the Abyss Order plans to use this location to cleanse the hilichurls of their curse and restore them to the way they once were... Then, they will serve as the foundation for reviving the nation of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' After all, there can be no nation without a people.
:{{DIcon}} What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} Do they have a chance?
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmph, it is the height of foolishness. They have no chance of success. Not even a one-percent chance.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I told you already that no one knows this curse better than I, having lived with it for 500 years... There is no redemption. There is no undoing the curse.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Trying to remove it by force will achieve nothing but to inflict further suffering.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' So make sure you are clear in your mind. You have to tell yourself: They are no longer human.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' If you cling to false hope and allow yourself to become too emotionally invested, the only way is down... You will end up just like them, mired in hypocrisy.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Save your strength for something worth saving.
:{{DIcon}} Why should I believe you?
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 18.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 19a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 19b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Haha... But of course. I am merely someone you hired for a task, while {{MC|she|he}} is your {{MC|sister|brother}}.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 20a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 20b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It is only natural for you to side with {{MC|her|him}}.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 21.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But whatever decision you make cannot deter me from mine. My chosen path is to stop the Abyss. If we have reached an impasse, then perhaps this is where we should say&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} I choose to believe you.
::{{DIcon}} But that doesn't mean I completely trust you.
::{{DIcon}} It just means that I don't approve of my {{MC|sister|brother}}'s methods.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 22.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I see.
:{{DIcon}} A 1% chance of redemption...
:{{DIcon}} ...versus a 99% chance of suffering and death.
----
:{{DIcon}} Nobody has the right...
:{{DIcon}} ...to make that choice on another living being's behalf.
----
:{{DIcon}} Especially not when these hilichurls...
:{{DIcon}} ...have already chosen the end that they desire.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 23.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It seems that the three questions I put to you on our first meeting were worthwhile. You have developed your own individual views on this world.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 24.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Very well. Since you have volunteered your true thoughts on this matter, I shall not hide mine from you.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 25.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Right now, I have a more immediate agenda than stopping the Abyss...
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 26.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That is to say, the Abyss's actions here directly dishonor the final wishes of Halfdan and my other compatriots. I cannot allow this to proceed.
:{{DIcon}} I can understand that.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's stick together for this one.
:{{A|vo szaq103 6 dainsleif 27.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The Abyss may appear at any moment. Be on your guard at all times as we proceed.
----
;(After leaving the hilichurl camp)
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can see the upside-down city from here, too.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Wait... Watch out!
:{{color|menu|The sudden bright light pierces your eyes.}}
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah!
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on!? Is that light coming from the room in the center? Ow, it's too bright!
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The mutation is continuing... Has the Abyss made its move already?
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 invokerwater 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Dainsleif... I see your incessant meddling continues, and that you have once again joined forces with Our Highness's kin...
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 invokerwater 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Regrettably, I was not in time to control your exit from the network... and it sent you here, of all places. This was a catastrophic error.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmph! I am surprised that you dare to face me. You ran like a coward last time.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 invokerwater 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Our Highness's will must be done. All interferences must be removed... whatever the price to pay.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 invokerwater 04.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' This time... the curse that torments our people must be undone, once and for all.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You are the only ones who torment them.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' There is nothing else left of those hilichurls. Nothing besides the curse itself.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 invokerwater 05.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Say what you wish. I am going nowhere, Dainsleif.
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Then you will give your life just to delay the inevitable? How absurd. But since you wish to persist, then so be it!

;(Battle begins)
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You really think you can use that device beneath the pool to cleanse this curse?
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 invokerwater 06.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Do not underestimate the ways of the Abyss. That device can amplify the cleansing effects of the water not tenfold, but a hundredfold...
:{{A|vo szaq103 7 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Then I overestimated you. This plan is even cruder than I thought.

;(After defeating the Abyss Herald)
:{{A|vo szaq103 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew! You've been hunting this Abyss Herald for aaages &mdash; now you finally got him!
:{{A|vo szaq103 8 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' There's no time to celebrate. The Abyss Order's device is activating, but there's still time to destroy it.
:{{A|vo szaq103 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Let's go!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Memories of Inteyvat
|zhs     = 因提瓦特的记忆
|zhs_rm  = Yīntíwǎtè de Jìyì
|zht     = 因提瓦特的記憶
|zht_rm  = Yīntíwǎtè de Jìyì
|zh_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|ja      = インテイワットの記憶
|ja_rm   = Inteiwatto no Kioku
|ja_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|ko      = 인티바트의 기억
|ko_rm   = Intibateu-ui Gieok
|ko_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|es      = Recuerdos de las inteyvat
|es_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|fr      = Souvenirs d'inteyvat
|fr_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|ru      = Воспоминания интейвата
|ru_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|th      = ความทรงจำของ Inteyvat
|th_rm   = Khwam-song-cham khong Inteyvat
|th_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|vi      = Ký Ức Của Inteyvat
|vi_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|de      = Erinnerungen an die Inteyvat
|de_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|id      = Kenangan Inteyvat
|id_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
|pt      = Lembranças de Inteyvat
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Inteyvat'ın Anıları
|tr_tl   = Inteyvat's Memories
|it      = Ricordi di Inteyvat
|it_tl   = Memories of Inteyvat
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Recuerdos de las inteyvat]]
[[ja:インテイワットの記憶]]
[[vi:Ký Ức Của Inteyvat]]