{{Location Infobox
|image        = Menakeri's Treasure Shop.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|type2        = Souvenir Shop
|region       = Sumeru
|subregion    = Dharma Forest
|area         = Avidya Forest
|subarea      = Sumeru City
|poi          = Treasures Street
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>{{If Self|Menakeri's Treasure Shop|It|Menakeri's Treasure Shop}} is run by [[Khalid]]. Its goods have been out of stock because they have been reserved upon arrival to Sumeru.</p><!--

--><p>Despite ostensibly being a shop, many things displayed there are not for sale, and are just from Khalid's personal collection. He prefers to sell off items he finds gaudy, but has no desire to sell treasured antiques, knowing that most people could not afford them anyways. The shop displays kitchenware such as plates, painted utensils,<ref>Event: [[Second Blooming/Story#Menakeri's Treasure Shop|Second Blooming]]</ref> and pots, as well as jewelry in boxes and other antiques.</p>}}

==Shop==
{{Vendor|Khalid}}

==NPCs==
* [[Khalid]]
* [[Feresht]]
* [[Halva]]

==Interactables==
===Advertisement Board===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Menakeri's Notice:''' Our shop specializes in jewelry and antiques. Please inquire the shop owner about the list of items on sale. The stock is limited, so please make your decision before we run out!
:'''Menakeri's Notice:''' If you missed a jewel you desire or wanted a piece in the owner's private collection, please cheer up! As a certain sage once said, "There are treasures beyond your reach in every adventure."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Descriptions==
{{Description|Sumeru's premier treasure shop. Its owner has extremely high standards for the products on sale. In fact, she is more of a collector than a shop owner. Most of the items displayed in the store belong to the owner's personal collection. Only a handful of people will ever get a chance to come across one such piece in their lifetime.|[[Map]] description}}

==Trivia==

=== Etymology ===

* {{Lang|{{w|Mīnākārī}}|fa=میناکاری}} or Meenakari''',''' is the process of painting and colouring the surfaces of metals and ceramic tiles through enameling, originating in {{W|Safavid Iran}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Menakeri's Treasure Shop
|zhs     = 梅娜卡里商铺
|zhs_rm  = Méinàkǎlǐ Shāngpù
|zht     = 梅娜卡里商鋪
|zht_rm  = Méinàkǎlǐ Shāngpù
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = メナケリーショップ
|ja_rm   = Menakerii Shoppu
|ja_tl   = Menakeri Shop
|ko      = 메나케리 상점
|ko_tl   = Menakeri Shop
|es      = Joyería Minakari
|es_tl   = Minakari Jewelry Shop
|fr      = Boutique de Menakeri
|fr_tl   = Menakeri Shop
|ru      = Магазин Менакери
|ru_tl   = Menakeri Shop
|th      = Menakeri's Treasure Shop
|vi      = Cửa Hàng Menakeri
|vi_tl   = Menakeri Shop
|de      = Menakeris Boutique
|de_tl   = Menakeri's Boutique
|id      = Menakeri's Treasure Shop
|pt      = Loja de Tesouros de Menakeri
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Menakeri'nin Hazine Dükkanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I Tesori di Menakeri
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[es:Joyería Minakari]]
[[fr:Boutique de Menakeri]]
[[ja:メナケリーショップ]]