{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71521
|image         = Mending Painting Prospects.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Waterborne Poetry
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Congenial Gathering (Quest)|Congenial Gathering]]
|characters    = Batlo; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Waterborne Poetry/Mending Painting Prospects|Mending Painting Prospects]] subevent
}}
'''''Mending Painting Prospects''''' is a [[World Quest]] during the [[Waterborne Poetry]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Batlo

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Batlo from Mondstadt appears to have something on his mind...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Batlo)
:'''Batlo:''' The next painting is... Right. It's this one...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Batlo:''' You are... {{Traveler}}! Your reputation precedes you!
:'''Batlo:''' I heard so much about you from my colleagues and was wondering if you would grace this grand event.
:'''Batlo:''' And as luck would have it, here you are! It is truly an honor to meet you!
:'''Batlo:''' There are many things I wish to introduce to you, but before that, allow me to introduce myself.
:'''Batlo:''' I am Batlo, a painter... You should be quite familiar with this profession, no?
:'''Batlo:''' But in addition to being a painter myself, I am also an art conservator.
:'''Batlo:''' No matter what type of damage a painting has suffered, whether it was burnt, chewed on by rodents, rotted by mold, or any similar matter...
:'''Batlo:''' As long as it is in my hands, I can restore the painting to its original, most perfect state!
:{{DIcon}} Restoring paintings... Do you just repaint them?
:'''Batlo:''' Hahaha! Of course not. Were I to just repaint them exactly as they were, that would be called "copying."
:'''Batlo:''' What we art conservators must do is restore a piece of artwork to its most original pristine condition.
:'''Batlo:''' Every detail, from the colors to the brushstrokes... Even the material of the canvas itself must be exactly the same as the original painting.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds complicated...
:{{DIcon}} That sounds amazing.
:'''Batlo:''' Isn't it? It takes exceptional painting skill, as well as uncommonly keen and detailed image perception.
:'''Batlo:''' Which is why... I simply haven't been able to hire many capable assistants.
:'''Batlo:''' I mean, if a painter has both exceptional skills and a keen perception of the smallest details...
:'''Batlo:''' Then why not just focus on their own work instead of helping restore that of other artists?
:'''Batlo:''' Not to mention how this job doesn't pay well, and how people often think of us as a bunch of copycats with mediocre skills...
:'''Batlo:''' But every job needs to be done by someone, wouldn't you agree?
:'''Batlo:''' Art is a precious thing. An outstanding painting can carry history, stories, and emotions... and of course its market value.
:'''Batlo:''' No matter what others think, as an artist myself, I will not stand idly by and watch those paintings deteriorate.
:'''Batlo:''' But... as I just said, this job doesn't pay well, and is often misunderstood.
:'''Batlo:''' Though I've been busy trying to recruit assistants, as you can see, as of now I'm still the only one doing the job.
:'''Batlo:''' That's why I'm here today. I want to educate people about what an art conservator does, and perhaps I'll be able to recruit a few more people this way.
:'''Batlo:''' However... Though I've yet to find an assistant, I have received numerous commissions to restore ancient paintings.
:'''Batlo:''' These old paintings come from Mondstadt and Liyue. They include landscapes, figures, animals, and even... crayon drawings from children...
:{{DIcon}} You restore crayon drawings, too?
:'''Batlo:''' Uh... In principle, as long as it's a painting, it's a valid commission.
:'''Batlo:''' Besides, even a child's crayon drawing contains the hard work they poured into it. Who is to say it may not be their first step to becoming an artist one day?
:'''Batlo:''' So, it's understandable that their parents would come to me for to restore it.
:{{DIcon}} Your expression says you haven't even managed to convince yourself...
::'''Batlo:''' What? No! Not at all! I am absolutely not exasperated by these sorts of requests... I just have to study crayon drawings a bit...
:{{DIcon}} Do you know how to do crayon drawings?
::'''Batlo:''' S&mdash;Sure! I'm just not an expert crayon artist, and I'm only superficially familiar with the literature. So I must study up on knowledge regarding crayon drawings!
:'''Batlo:''' {{Traveler}}, if you could, would you be willing to do me a favor?
:'''Batlo:''' As you can see, I'm the only one here... But to restore a painting, I need to go out and find the relevant scenery painted therein...
:{{DIcon}} You need to go out and find the original scenery?
:{{DIcon}} That's quite a lot of preparation.
:'''Batlo:''' Alas, indeed! Not only that, I also have to do all kinds of research on materials relevant to the painting.
:'''Batlo:''' For example, how the scenery and animals depicted looked like at the time they were painted...
:'''Batlo:''' Fortunately, the paintings I'm currently commissioned to restore aren't too old, so things shouldn't have changed drastically.
:'''Batlo:''' I was about to head out to study the original locations, but as you know... the wilderness is a dangerous place for those more adept with the brush than the sword...
:'''Batlo:''' That's why I'd like to ask you to find the relevant scenery for me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not artistically gifted...
:'''Batlo:''' No worries! I have already prepared everything that you'll need... I've done this before when hiring others to help me in the past...
:'''Batlo:''' Look! This is a photo of the painting to be restored, and I have already marked the key landmarks in it.
:'''Batlo:''' All you need to do is to find the location and take photos of the marked objects with this Kamera, and you're done!
:{{DIcon}} So... I just need to take photos?
:'''Batlo:''' That's right, but you ought to familiarize yourself with the paintings before taking the picture.
:'''Batlo:''' You need to feel their aesthetics and artistic sense... Let the paintings linger in your mind.
:'''Batlo:''' As long as you understand them, perhaps you'll be able to sense the entire process of how these paintings were done while taking photos.
:'''Batlo:''' Sketching, outlining, coloring, refining the details...
:{{DIcon}} You mean like... a hallucination?
:{{DIcon}} Hallucinating it does seem a bit much...
:'''Batlo:''' You are correct. To me, art... is a type of hallucination...
:'''Batlo:''' What an artist must do is capture the hallucination in detail and express it objectively.
:'''Batlo:''' Believe me, just study the photos I give you, and you will surely feel the "artistic hallucinations" within.
:'''Batlo:''' I entrust this task to you, {{Traveler}}.
:'''Batlo:''' And I... shall start on restoring these paintings... Right. The next one is...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Waterborne Poetry/Mending Painting Prospects}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[ru:Поиск творческих перспектив (задание)]]
[[pt-br:Restaurando Pinturas (Missão)]]