{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41125
|type          = Commission
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Jack
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt (City)|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = Only available during [[Unreconciled Stars]] event
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Jack; Paimon; Reckless Pallad; Traveler
}}
'''Meteorites and Adventure''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Jack]]
#Investigate the [[Whispering Woods]]
#Defeat all enemies
#Investigate the Whispering Woods
#Investigate the Whispering Woods
#Talk to [[Reckless Pallad|Pallad]]
#Report back to Jack

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Jack from the Adventurers' Guild seems to have some ideas on what to do about those fallen meteorites...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Jack)
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* If only I could go check it out...
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
:'''Jack:''' Ah, it's you. Well, it's not like anything special happened...
:'''Jack:''' Hmmm. No, I suppose this is actually quite special...
:{{DIcon}} You mean the meteorites?
::'''Jack:''' Yes! You must have seen them too, right? They've been falling from the sky for a while now.
:{{DIcon}} You mean the half-prize anniversary promotion at Good Hunter?
::'''Jack:''' What!? The Good Hunter's having a promotion today? How did I not hear about that?
::'''Jack:''' Uh, no, wait! That's not what I wanted to talk about...
::'''Jack:''' So, meteorites have been raining down from the sky lately. I'm sure you've seen them too.
:'''Jack:''' Thanks to the Anemo God's protection... or maybe just blind good luck, none of them have hit the city so far.
:'''Jack:''' But quite a few have landed outside the city, and they say that whoever touches one of those meteorites will fall into a deep sleep... a kind of slumber that no one can wake them up from.
:'''Jack:''' Cyrus has already gathered and commissioned quite a few adventurers. Some were sent to inform those still out there in the wild to seek shelter in the city...
:'''Jack:''' The others were to help the Knights of Favonius ascertain the positions of the fallen meteorites...
:'''Jack:''' And perform search and rescue operations around those meteorites.
:'''Jack:''' As for me, Cyrus said that I'd best stay in the city and help to take care of those who've fallen unconscious.
:'''Jack:''' Maybe it's because my skills aren't up to par yet... But if I'm always stuck with these small tasks, I'll never get the chance to become stronger.
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* Regardless, I have to do what I've been assigned to do, and do it well... Still, can I ask you for a favor, Traveler?
:'''Jack:''' I'd like you to help me go out there and gather some information regarding those meteorites...
:{{DIcon}} What would you need information for?
::'''Jack:''' Cyrus always says that you should be fully prepared before starting any adventure.
:{{DIcon}} So you want to sneak out and...
::'''Jack:''' What? Sneak out and... No! Not at all!
::'''Jack:''' I do want to go out and investigate, yes... But help is needed inside the city, too, and that's very important! I can't just drop my duties like that...
::'''Jack:''' But it's just that... Well, Cyrus always says that you should make full preparations before starting any adventure.
:'''Jack:''' If I could persuade him that I understand the situation well enough, and that I've made the necessary preparations...
:'''Jack:''' Maybe he might let me join the investigation teams.
:'''Jack:''' But I'm busy helping people here at the moment, so I can't go out to gather information.
:'''Jack:''' So, please, Traveler! Help me go outside and investigate the situation. You don't have to go far, just the Whispering Woods will do.
:'''Jack:''' If you find anything, come back and tell me. Whether I can go out and investigate or not... it's all in your hands now!
;(Talk to Jack again)
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* I wonder if I'll be able to convince Cyrus...
:{{DIcon}} Why do you want to join the outdoor investigation?
:'''Jack:''' Well, um... I mean, you have to take part in important jobs to prove your worth, you know? That's what I think, at least...
:{{DIcon}} But if you mess up...
:'''Jack:''' Hey! I haven't done anything yet! Don't jinx me!
----
;(Investigating the Whispering Woods first point of interest)
:'''Paimon:''' It seems like the monsters nearby have become way more active, and they don't look the same either...
----
;(Investigating the Whispering Woods second point of interest)
:'''Paimon:''' Nothing special here, looks the same as always...
----
;(Investigating the Whispering Woods third point of interest)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like there's an adventurer over there. Why's he out here at a time like this? Maybe he's investigating something?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go talk to him. Maybe he's found something.
----
;(Talking to Reckless Pallad)
:'''Pallad:''' Well, looks like I've shaken them off for now. Still, what on earth is going on here...
:{{DIcon}} Did you come to investigate the meteorites?
:'''Pallad:''' Yes, I did. Took a commission from the Guild and all to investigate matters related to the meteorites.
:'''Pallad:''' But monsters near the spots where the meteorites have landed have starting acting up all of a sudden.
:'''Pallad:''' Their strength, movements, and a whole host of other things are totally abnormal, and there's more of them then you usually see, as well.
:'''Pallad:''' I was discovered, and didn't dare stay in the area, and so I took a few lesser-tread paths to shake them off my trail.
:'''Pallad:''' I have to report these abnormalities to Cyrus as soon as possible.
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything else of note?
:'''Pallad:''' Anything else? Well, if I had to say it, it's that quite a few scholars are refusing to return to the city.
:'''Pallad:''' No matter how hard I tried to convince them, they insisted on continuing their research.
:'''Pallad:''' There aren't enough of us adventurers out here either, so we can't simply send them reminders every few days...
:'''Pallad:''' This is such a headache...
:'''Pallad:''' Well, Traveler, if there's nothing else, you should be seeking shelter in the city too. We haven't the time to be dallying out here.
----
;(Talking to Jack)
:'''Jack:''' You're back. Did you discover anything?
:{{DIcon}} There aren't a lot of adventurers out there investigating...
::'''Jack:''' Ugh. Now that you mention it, there weren't a lot of adventurers who took up this set of commissions...
::'''Jack:''' It's always the same few people coming and going. Cyrus has been quite concerned, as well.
:{{DIcon}} There are still some scholars who refuse to seek shelter in the city.
::'''Jack:''' Is that so... Well, they've never been the easiest to convince.
:{{DIcon}} The monsters seem to be somewhat abnormal.
::'''Jack:''' Abnormal? Perhaps it is the influence of the meteorites, then...  Still,  I suspect that someone has reported this already.
::'''Jack:''' Besides, I have trouble taking on normal monsters. As for these abnormal ones... the less said the better.
:'''Jack:''' Alright, I understand the situation now. Please take these as thanks for helping me investigate.
:'''Jack:''' Scholars who refuse to seek shelter, abnormal monsters, and a lack of available manpower...
:'''Jack:''' Come on, Jack, think... There has to be some way to convince Cyrus...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Meteorites and Adventure
|zhs     = 陨石与冒险
|zhs_rm  = Yǔnshí Yǔ Màoxiǎn
|zht     = 隕石與冒險
|zht_rm  = Yǔnshí Yǔ Màoxiǎn
|zh_tl   = Meteorites and Adventure
|ja      = 隕石と冒険
|ja_rm   = Inseki to Bouken
|ja_tl   = Meteorites and Adventure
|ko      = 운석과 모험
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡Meteoritos y aventuras!
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Météorites & aventures
|fr_tl   = Meteorites & Adventures
|ru      = Метеориты и приключение
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = อุกกาบาตและการผจญภัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Meteorites and Adventure
|vi      = Thiên Thạch và Mạo Hiểm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Meteoriten und Abenteuer
|de_tl   = Meteorites and Adventure
|id      = Meteorit dan Petualangan
|id_tl   = Meteorites and Adventure
|pt      = Meteoritos e Aventura
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Event}}