{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74074
|image         = <!--{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}|: | }}|" | }}.png-->
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = In the Wake of Narcissus
|actNum        = I
|act           = Search in the Algae Sea
|characters    = Ann; Caterpillar; Paimon; Seymour; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Morte Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = Fort Charybdis Ruins
|poi           = Orthant of Wishes
|concurrent    = Muse's Mother
|concurrent2   = Cupid's Lover
|parent        = Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Meteoric Lance''''' is a [[World Quest]] in {{Quest|Search in the Algae Sea|showType=0}}. Start this quest by entering the Mysterious Ruins at [[Fort Charybdis Ruins]].

There are two versions of this quest, depending on whether players started the {{Quest|Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)}} or not.

==Steps==
# Find the Seal
# Study the Riddle Slate
# Look for a way forward
## Solve the [[Operable Mechanism]] puzzle to raise the gate to the lift and descend to the next floor.
# Solve the Orthant's puzzle
## Solve the Operable Mechanism: Lifting Column puzzle to the east and descend to the lower floor.
## Solve the Energy Flow puzzle and return to the second floor from the Regulating Valve it connects to.
## Lead the Seelie to its Seelie Court to get access to the underwater area
## Go down to the underwater area under the main machine in the middle of the room.{{Enemy List|Underwater Patrol Mek*2}}
## Solve the Energy Flow puzzle and use the [[Xenochromatic Hunter's Ray]] to break the Fontemer Seagrass leading to the device, and Go Up twice.
## Release the Energy Flow.{{Enemy List|Recon Log Mek - Ousia*2}}
# Obtain the "Wish" piece

==Gameplay Notes==
* Solving the first Operable Mechanism puzzle activates the [[Looking Glass]] in the room. Entering the Looking Glass takes players to a chamber in [[??? (Fontaine)|???]], where a [[Thundercraven Rifthound]] and a [[Remarkable Chest]] containing the blueprint for [["Passage's Stable Storage"]] can be found.
** Opening the Remarkable Chest is required to access the Looking Glass which takes players back to the floor above the quest's starting area. The Operable Mechanism on this floor cannot be completed before opening the Remarkable Chest.
* Another Looking Glass is found on the third floor and contains the blueprint for [[Linden Wood "Sweet Slumber" Bed]].

==Dialogue==
===Version 1===
This version is obtained if players have not started ''Search in the Algae Sea''.

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Mysterious Ruins)
:;(A man lies on the ground)
:'''Paimon:''' Eek! Th&mdash;There's someone on the ground!
:{{DIcon}} (Examine the fallen person...)
:'''Paimon:''' Is... Is he...?
:{{DIcon}} He's still alive, just unconscious.
:'''Paimon:''' Phew! That's good.
:'''Paimon:''' We have to get help! We can't just leave him like this!
:{{Black Screen|You and Paimon deliver the unconscious man to Lumidouce Harbor.<br>The people there immediately take him to receive medical treatment.<br>Knowing that he is in good hands, the two of you return to where you were before.}}
:;(The camera zooms in on the Riddle Slate on the wall)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! Now let's have a look at this stone tablet.
:'''Paimon:''' "Lo, this place is the Orthant of Wishes, the Temple of Wishes, the Room of Wishes..."
:'''Paimon:''' "Often contradicting"... "Born in an instant, your company in eternal rest, never separated"... "The tainted fruits of sin"...
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like a riddle!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... What do you think the answer is then, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} A dream?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't think so... Just what kind of weird thing would you have to dream up for it to be a sin?
:;(Returns to option selection, removes this option)
:{{DIcon}} Guilt?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't think that's it. Paimon only feels guilty about something for 15 minutes, tops.
:;(Returns to option selection, removes this option)
:{{DIcon}} Life?
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds strange. Can life really bear original sin?
:'''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon thinks she might have heard that somewhere before. Let's go with that answer for now.
{{Transclude|Cupid's Lover|SitAS - V1|section=1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 2===
This version is obtained if players started ''Search in the Algae Sea'' first.
{{Quest Description|Trace and find the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's seals.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the door)
:'''Seymour:''' Is this the place? I have confirmed the presence of another stone tablet in my field of view.

:'''Ann:''' ...Shouldn't you be more concerned with the person lying on the ground in your field of vision?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Wah! What happened...?
:'''Seymour:''' My apologies, Miss. I prioritized the search for the stone tablet. Allow me to conduct a scan now...
:'''Seymour:''' ...My apologies, Miss.
:'''Paimon:''' What!?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Though he's still alive, the breath of life has escaped his body through the orifices. I've seen this handiwork before...
:'''Paimon:''' Eek! Paimon can't look.
:'''Paimon:''' We have to get help! We can't just leave him like this!
:{{Black Screen|Together, you deliver the unconscious man to [[Lumidouce Harbor]].<br>The people there immediately take him to receive medical treatment.<br>Knowing that he is in good hands, you all return to where you were before.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! Now let's have a look at this stone tablet.
:'''Seymour:''' "Lo, this place is the Orthant of Wishes, the Temple of Wishes, the Room of Wishes..."
:'''Seymour:''' "Often contradicting"... "Born in an instant, your company in eternal rest, never separated"... "The tainted fruits of sin"...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Another riddle.
:'''Paimon:''' Why do something so scary here... Could it have something to do with the answer to the riddle?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Well, Fontainians are "sinners," life tainted with original sin.
:'''Caterpillar:''' For this reason, the answer is "life." I suppose I'd guessed it already.
:'''Ann:''' Can you be sure that's the answer?
:'''Caterpillar:''' I know the rhetoric and semiotics of the Narzissenkreuz Ordo all too well. Barring any surprises, that is the answer.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Okay, it's time to make up for lost time. We need to hurry now.
{{Transclude|Cupid's Lover|SitAS - V2|section=1}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Interactables==
{{Transclude|Orthant of Wishes|Interactables|main=1}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/YVxra52f8GU
|caption1 = Meteoric Lance Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Meteoric Lance
|zhs     = 流星的投矛
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 流星的投矛
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 流星の矛
|ja_rm   = Ryuusei no Hoko
|ja_tl   = Meteoric Lance
|ko      = 유성의 투창
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La lanza meteórica
|es_tl   = The Meteoric Lance
|fr      = Lance météorique
|fr_tl   = Meteoric Lance
|ru      = Метеоритное копьё
|ru_tl   = Meteoric Lance
|th      = ขว้างหอกดาวตก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ngọn Giáo Sao Băng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Meteoritenlanze
|de_tl   = Meteorite Lance
|id      = Tombak Meteor
|id_tl   = Meteor Lance
|pt      = Lança Meteórica
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Meteor Mızrağı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lancia meteorica
|it_tl   = Meteoric Lance
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}