{{Event Tabs}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = Chapter Midsummer Island Adventure.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = Midsummer Island Adventure
}}
'''Midsummer Island Adventure''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|21;Song of the Dragon and Freedom;True Treasure|display=bullet|requirements=1}}

==List of Parts==
* Part I - [[Mysterious Islands: Journey to the Unknown]]
* Part II - [[Summer Vacation: Proceed With Caution]]
* Part III - [[Dodo-King of the Sea: Lying in Wait]]
* Part IV - [[The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered]]

==Summary==
===Part I - Mysterious Islands: Journey to the Unknown===
{{Main|Mysterious Islands: Journey to the Unknown}}
Paimon and the Traveler wonders what [[Klee]] is doing and decided to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters|Favonius HQ]] to meet her. Upon arriving, the Spark Knight has received a letter from the [[Dodo-King]], demanding her come to [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] so that he can challenge her and judge if she is truly worthy of being Dodoco's family. Although the Traveler and Paimon are skeptic of the letter's validity at first, they have no choice but to assume it's real.

The three go around the city, asking [[Cyrus]], [[Marjorie]] and [[Huffman]] about the archipelago, but none of them appear to know. Paimon then remembers about [[Lisa]] and the three return to the library. After hearing of the situation, Lisa senses faint elemental traces on the back of the letter. Using [[Elemental Sight]], the Traveler finds a series of islands and transcribes it. Lisa states that she is aware of islands popping up out of random, but she does not know this specific set. Sometime ago, a fleet encountered the islands, but could not get to them no matter how far they sailed. Fearful, they gave up and turned back.

After finally confirming that the island is real, Klee decides to ask [[Jean]] for time off, but she initially refuses due to lacking information and a safe way to travel to the island. Fortunately, [[Barbara]] offers her help and convinces Jean to agree, and they both decide to join the adventure to ensure everyone's safety. The Traveler, recalling [[Venti]] as the Archon [[Barbatos]], believes he may know something. Barbara states that Venti was not in the square performing, so he must be at [[Windrise]]. Arriving to the great tree, Venti states that he does know the archipelago (as its originally called the Haar Islands) and then uses his harp to summon [[Dvalin]], who drops them off at [[Pudding Isle/1.6|Pudding Isle]]. Barbara is shocked that Venti was able to call one of the [[Four Winds]] and asks Jean who he really is. To keep Venti's true identity a secret, Jean states that he is just an exemplary bard.

They discover that the archipelago is just as gloomy and foggy as Lisa described, however, the area surrounding a [[Teleport Waypoints|Teleport Waypoint]] seems to be much clearer and brighter compared to the rest of the place. They also find a [[Waverider]], which serves as their means of transportation around the archipelago. After activating three more Waypoints on the other islands ([[Twinning Isle/1.6|Twinning Isle]], [[Broken Isle/1.6|Broken Isle]], and [[Minacious Isle/1.6|Minacious Isle]]), the entire archipelago becomes brighter and summer-like.

===Part II - Summer Vacation: Proceed With Caution===
{{Main|Summer Vacation: Proceed With Caution}}
It's the next day, and [[Paimon]] and [[Traveler]] have woken up to two new surprises: [[Jean]] and [[Barbara]] have changed into their beachwear, and three buoys have shown up on the water. After preparing themselves for the possibility of combat, they decide to take a closer look using the [[Waverider]].

After investigating and subsequently destroying one of the buoys, they notice that destroying it seems to release some kind of energy. Once they destroyed all three buoys, some kind of mechanism activates and causes the land to rise up, revealing more land. It also reveals a platform in the middle of the ocean, and on it, something that they initially assume might be [[Dodo-King]]. However, once they finally get to the platform, they realize it's actually [[Maguu Kenki|a tall, humanoid looking creature behind a giant mask]] which appears to have come from [[Inazuma]].

Deciding to explore the area a bit more, they notice stacked stones and flowers, leading them to speculate about the chance of the archipelago being inhabited. They have found hints of human habitation, but no graves or anything else to tell them what kind of civilization may have lived on the islands.

Klee becomes disheartened about the search for Dodo-King, but Barbara cheers her up by giving her a [[Wind-Blessed Harpastum|Harpastum]] she made especially for her so that every day can feel like [[Ludi Harpastum]]. With Klee once again determined, they decide to double their efforts and take a look around the newly revealed area for more clues.

===Part III - Dodo-King of the Sea: Lying in Wait===
{{Main|Dodo-King of the Sea: Lying in Wait}}
A few days have passed, [[Traveler]] awakens to some important updates to the situation: Barbara and Jean have changed back to their normal clothes, but more importantly, [[Barbara]] has noticed white smoke coming from another island which may finally lead them to [[Dodo-King]]. Upon arriving at the island however, they find out it's actually [[Kaeya]] and [[Diluc]], who came to the [[Golden Apple Archipelago|archipelago]] with [[Albedo]] and [[Razor]].

Kaeya revealed that all four of them received letters from Dodo-King encouraging them to come to the island. Albedo and Razor both received letters telling them to go after Klee, while Diluc got a letter claiming that there was an [[Abyss Order]] stronghold on one of the islands and Kaeya (if he was telling the truth) received one about a sunken pirate ship with treasure. Using [[Dvalin]] to reach the island, it was not until Razor jumped off-board on the way, and Albedo snuck off while Kaeya and Diluc were arguing, so the party must first find the two. Upon finding Albedo, Diluc believes that there is no Dodo-King, but rather someone has gathered everyone to the archipelago for some reason. Klee refuses to believe him, but they move on and proceed to look for Razor.

They eventually find him in the central platform, staring at the [[Maguu Kenki|Inazuman machine]] from before. The Wolf Boy found a [[Mysterious Mechanical Part|mechanical component]] which, upon inserting it into the machine, activates the machine and causes it to start attacking. Upon defeating it, they find [[Pale Yellow Crystal|three]] [[Pale Blue Crystal|strange]] [[Pale Red Crystal|crystals]] and another cryptic letter from Dodo-King instructing them to go to the [[Minacious Isle/1.6#Northwest Island|southwesterly isle]].

Arriving at the island, they find an energy shield covering most of it and three light-emitting devices which seem to be powering the shield. Thinking back to the cryptic letter and the crystals, they figure out that they must use the crystals in order to bait a special kind of fish which will give them scaled that can be used on the devices to block the light and deactivate the shield. Unfortunately, it seems that the fish only show up at night. They decide to split up and entertain themselves in the meantime, and come back when the fish come. Let the waiting (and relaxing) commence!

===Part IV - The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered===
{{Main|The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered}}
In the morning, a trio of fish have arrived on shore attracted to the crystals. The [[Traveler]] picks the fish and de-scales them, before placing the scales onto the devices to lower the barrier. To everyone's surprise, they find several shelters with many Dodoco figures, along with a recording device.

Upon listening to the device, Dodo-King expresses disappointment at [[Klee]] for coming too late, but reveals herself to be [[Alice]], surprising everyone even more. Alice left behind the toys for Klee to play with and that the letters were actually invitations to the island, which she had recently traveled to. She found them to be captivating and wanted to ensure that Klee had an enjoyable summer, while making sure those invited would also have some gifts to take back home. At the time of the recording, she had already been on the move, but she also advises Klee that there are plenty who love her, and that she still checks in on her and [[Albedo]]'s well-being.

As the recording ends, Klee asks the Traveler if they love her, which they agree with. Klee then takes them out to go fish blasting.

==Story Characters==
The following playable [[characters]] appear in this event's Story Quests:
{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Character !! Part I !! Part II !! Part III !! Part IV
|-
|[[Albedo]] || {{check|spec}}<br>(mentioned) || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Barbara]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Jean]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Kaeya]] || {{check|spec}}<br>(mentioned) || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Klee]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Venti]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|spec}}<br>(mentioned) || {{check|no}}
|-
|[[Diluc]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Razor]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Lisa]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|spec}}<br>(mentioned) || {{check|no}}
|-
|[[Alice]] || {{check|spec}}<br>(as Dodo-King) || {{check|spec}}<br>(as Dodo-King) || {{check|spec}}<br>(as Dodo-King) || {{check|spec}}<br>(voice only)
|}

The following playable characters appear outside of quests with event dialogue:
* [[Kaeya]] (found in the Grand Master's office in the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]]; requires completing event Story Quest Part I: [[Mysterious Islands: Journey to the Unknown]]; disappears once event Story Quest Part III: [[Dodo-King of the Sea: Lying in Wait]] is started)
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo eqyq001 17 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Who would've thought that the Acting Grand Master would ever step out of her office?
:{{A|vo eqyq001 17 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh my, looks like I'll be quite busy in the near future... but there's no helping that.
{{Dialogue End}}
* [[Lisa]] (Found in the Grand Master's office in the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]]; requires starting event Story Quest Act III: [[Dodo-King of the Sea: Lying in Wait]]; disappears once event Story Quest Part IV: [[The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered]] is completed)
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo eqyq003 17 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmmm. Both Jean and Kaeya are absent... How peculiar.
:{{A|vo eqyq003 17 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But rather than suddenly embarking on some journey, I much prefer to stay in the office and read while I work.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Midsummer Island Adventure|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Midsummer Island Adventure}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Midsummer Island Adventure Soundtracks|type=quest}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

[[ja:真夏！島？大冒険！/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Verão! Ilha? Grandes Aventuras!/História]]
[[ru:Лето! Остров? Приключение!/История]]
[[vi:Mùa Hè! Hải Đảo? Cuộc Mạo Hiểm!/Cốt Truyện]]