{{Event
|name              = Midsummer Island Adventure Photo Contest
|image             = Midsummer Island Adventure Photo Contest.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-06-09
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-06-30
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/421505
}}

Hello, Travelers!

The "Midsummer Island Adventure" Photo Contest has begun! Record beautiful summer moments on the islands and share them with other Travelers~

==Event Duration==
*June 9, 2021 – June 30, 2021 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Winners Announced: July 15

==How to Participate==
During the event, post original photos related to the Genshin Impact Islands on Twitter with the event hashtag #GenshinIslands, and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Submission Criteria==
#The original photo submissions must be taken in the islands area.
#The photos need to reflect relevant elements of the islands,
#Account information (Nickname and UID) from the game must be clearly visible in the submission.

==Event Rewards==
*Special Prize (5 Winners)
**Paimon Doll ×1, Primogems ×600
*Runners-Up (18 Winners)
**Character Portrait Phone Stand (Random) ×1, Primogems ×300
*Lucky Prize (50 Winners)
**Discord Advanced Nitro subscription valued at $9.99

==Notes==
#By participating in this event, you agree to have your UID and Nickname published on the event platform.
#Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those that plagiarize or misappropriate the works of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact Islands, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
#Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler.
#This event will be judged by the Genshin Impact project team, who will make a comprehensive evaluation based on the content, comments, likes, and other factors.
#The list of winners will be announced on July 15. Travelers, please pay attention to the official information pertaining to the event. We will also contact the winners via private message for them to provide their shipping address. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the private message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
#Event merchandise prizes will be delivered to winners by mail after the shipping addresses have been collected. Winning Travelers, thank you for your patience while we get your prizes to you~

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

[[ru:Событие снимков «Лето! Остров? Приключение!»]]