{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Midsummer Courtyard.png
|type         = Blessing
|description  = With the fall of the ancient lost civilization, the once prosperous and magnificent Sommernachtgarten was also buried underground, leaving only its ancient trees and stones to remember its past glory.
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = Starfell Valley
|subarea      = Starsnatch Cliff
|requiredAR   = 22/25/30/&#8203;35/40/45
|recLevel     = 34/47/59/&#8203;69/80/90
|recElements  = Pyro
}}
'''Midsummer Courtyard''' is a [[Domain]] located near [[Starsnatch Cliff]] in [[Mondstadt]]. Clearing this domain gives [[Artifacts]]. Challenge domains with higher levels to get better rewards.

==Ley Line Disorder==
The following Ley Line Disorders are applied in this domain:
{| class="wikitable"
!Level
!Ley Line Disorder
|-
!I
|When [[Melt]] is triggered, an [[Energy Blast]] will occur, dealing DMG to surrounding enemies.
|-
!rowspan=2|II
|When [[Overloaded]] is triggered, an Energy Blast will occur, dealing DMG to surrounding enemies.
|-
|When [[Superconduct]] is triggered, you will be hit by a powerful blast, causing your character to take DMG.
|-
!rowspan=2|III
|When [[Melt]] is triggered, an Energy Blast will occur, dealing DMG to surrounding enemies.
|-
|When [[Superconduct]] is triggered, you will be hit by a powerful blast, causing your character to take DMG.
|-
!rowspan=2|IV
|When [[Vaporize]] is triggered, an Energy Blast will occur, dealing DMG to surrounding enemies.
|-
|When [[Electro-Charged]] is triggered, you will be hit by a powerful blast, causing your character to take DMG.
|-
!rowspan=2|V
|When [[Melt]] is triggered, an Energy Blast will occur, dealing DMG to surrounding enemies.
|-
|When [[Superconduct]] is triggered, you will be hit by a powerful blast, causing your character to take DMG.
|-
!rowspan=2| VI
|When [[Overloaded]] is triggered, an Energy Blast will occur, dealing DMG to surrounding enemies.
|-
|When [[Superconduct]] is triggered, you will be hit by a powerful blast, causing your character to take DMG.
|}

===Damage===
{{See also|Level Scaling/Reaction#Level Multiplier}}
The {{Color|Physical DMG}} dealt by Energy Blasts and powerful blasts is calculated as <math>4 \times \text{Element Level Multiplier}</math>. This DMG is affected by the target [[Physical RES]], but unaffected by [[DEF]]. The final result is rounded down.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
! Level !! Base Damage
|-
! I
| 647.32
|-
! II
| 1126.12
|-
! III
| 1885.72
|-
! IV
| 2791.12
|-
! V
| 3785.48
|-
! VI
| 4811.24
|}

==Domain Mechanics==
Each level in this domain has the following Domain Mechanics:
{| class="wikitable"
!Level
!Challenge Features
|-
!V
|· This stage contains a Cryo Elemental Node: it will apply a Cryo buff to nearby opponents at intervals, which will increase their offensive capabilities and durability. This Cryo buff can be removed using Elemental Reactions.
|-
!VI
|· This stage contains an Electro Elemental Node: it will apply an Electro buff to nearby opponents at intervals, which will increase their offensive capabilities and durability. This Electro buff can be removed using Elemental Reactions.
|}

==Challenge Features==
Each level in this domain has the following Challenge Features:
{| class="wikitable"
!Level
!Challenge Features
|-
!V
|· The Elemental Node in this challenge will apply a Cryo buff to nearby opponents at intervals. Pyro attacks can remove this buff effectively through the Melt reaction and deal more DMG using the Ley Line Disorder here.
|-
!VI
|· The Elemental Node in this challenge will apply an Electro buff to nearby opponents at intervals. Pyro attacks can remove this buff effectively through the Overloaded reaction and deal more DMG using the Ley Line Disorder here.
|}

==Rewards==
{{Domain Levels/Blessing
|sets=Adventurer,Resolution of Sojourner,Thundering Fury,Thundersoother
}}

==Enemies==
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Midsummer Courtyard I
|objective=Defeat 26 opponents within 300 seconds
|enemies=Cryo Slime*5,Large Cryo Slime*1,Hydro Slime*2,Large Hydro Slime*2,Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*15,Cryo Abyss Mage
}}
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Midsummer Courtyard II
|objective=Defeat 12 opponents within 300 seconds
|enemies=Electro Slime*7,Large Electro Slime*2,Mutant Electro Slime*2,Fatui Electro Cicin Mage
}}
*One of the [[Large Electro Slime]]s is empowered with an {{Electro}} Aura which periodically inflicts characters with [[Engulfing Storm]], continuously draining the player's Energy until the inflicted Electro element is removed.
*The [[Fatui Electro Cicin Mage]] is empowered with an {{Electro}} Aura which spawns a '''Lightning Bolt Matrix''' around the player consisting of 3 Electro orbs every ~12 secs for 5 secs. These orbs are connected by Electro energy on 2 sides with one side remaining open to form a "V" shaped fence that will deal {{Color|Electro DMG}} and stagger players that touch it.
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Midsummer Courtyard III
|objective=Defeat 14 opponents within 360 seconds
|enemies=Cryo Slime*9,Large Cryo Slime*4,Cryo Abyss Mage
}}
*The [[Cryo Abyss Mage]] is empowered with a {{Cryo}} Aura which periodically inflicts characters with [[Condensed Ice]], greatly increasing the player's Stamina Consumption until the inflicted Cryo element is removed.
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Midsummer Courtyard IV
|objective=Defeat 15 opponents within 360 seconds
|enemies=Hydro Slime*8,Large Hydro Slime*5,Hydro Abyss Mage,Hydro Samachurl
}}
*One of the [[Large Hydro Slime]]s is empowered with a {{Hydro}} Aura which periodically inflicts characters with [[Slowing Water]], greatly increasing the player's skill and burst CD duration until the inflicted Hydro element is removed.
*The [[Hydro Abyss Mage]] is empowered with a {{Hydro}} Aura which spawns 4 '''Mist Bubbles''' around the player in a square formation every ~12 seconds. If the player leaves the area within the initial 4 bubbles another set of 4 bubbles will spawn in a larger square formation.
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Midsummer Courtyard V
|objective=Defeat 5 opponents within 360 seconds
|enemies=Large Cryo Slime*3,Cryo Abyss Mage*2
}}
*There is a {{Cryo}} Elemental Node in the center that will periodically imbue enemies with Cryo, applying a massive resistance and defense buff until the Cryo status is removed.
*The middle [[Large Cryo Slime]] and the first [[Cryo Abyss Mage]] are empowered with a {{Cryo}} Aura which spawns an '''Ice Cage''' every ~12 seconds, trapping the player and dealing {{Color|Cryo DMG}}.
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Midsummer Courtyard VI
|objective=Defeat 7 opponents within 360 seconds
|subsubheader1=Wave 1
|enemies1=Large Electro Slime*3,Mutant Electro Slime*2
|subsubheader2=Wave 2
|enemies2=Fatui Electro Cicin Mage*2
}}
*There is an {{Electro}} Elemental Node in the center that will periodically imbue enemies with Electro, applying a massive resistance buff and reducing enemy cooldowns until the Electro status is removed.
*The middle '''Large Electro Slime''' is empowered with an {{Electro}} Aura which periodically inflicts characters with [[Engulfing Storm]], continuously draining the player's Energy until the inflicted Electro element is removed.
*The right '''Fatui Electro Cicin Mage''' is empowered with an {{Electro}} Aura which spawns a '''Lightning Bolt Matrix''' around the player consisting of 3 Electro orbs every ~12 secs for 5 secs. These orbs are connected by Electro energy on 2 sides with one side remaining open to form a "V" shaped fence that will deal {{Color|Electro DMG}} and stagger players that touch it.

==Quest Domains==
{{Quest Domains}}

==Trivia==
* The level names in this domain are all 'Fires of Purification' which likely refers to how the Ley Line Disorder gives benefits if you use certain Pyro reactions.
* "Sommernachtgarten" in the description is German for "Summer Night Garden."
** This garden is referred in the name of a soundtrack, [[Sieh an, mein Sommernachtgarten!]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Midsummer Courtyard
|zhs     = 仲夏庭园
|zhs_rm  = Zhòngxià Tíngyuán
|zht     = 仲夏庭園
|zht_rm  = Zhòngxià Tíngyuán
|zh_tl   = Midsummer Garden
|ja      = 仲夏の庭園
|ja_rm   = Chuuka no Teien{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Garden of Midsummer
|ko      = 한 여름의 {{tt|정원|庭園}}
|ko_rm   = Han Yeoreum-ui Jeong'won
|ko_tl   = Garden of Midsummer
|es      = Jardín estival
|es_tl   = Summer Garden
|fr      = Jardin estival
|fr_tl   = Summer Garden
|ru      = Июльские сады
|ru_tl   = July Gardens
|th      = สวนฤดูร้อน
|th_rm   = Suan Ruedu Ron
|th_tl   = Summer Garden
|vi      = Vườn Mùa Hè
|vi_tl   = Summer Garden
|de      = Mittsommerhof
|de_tl   = Midsummer-Courtyard
|id      = Midsummer Courtyard
|pt      = Jardim do Verão
|pt_tl   = Garden of the Summer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Permanent}}

[[es:Jardín estival]]