{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|deceased         = Killed by Traveler in [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]
|image            = Enemy Kairagi Dancing Thunder.png
|region           = Inazuma
|title            = Acting Instructor
|title2           = Iwakura Art Okuden
|affiliation      = Iwakura Clan
}}
'''Mifune Satoshi''' {{Lang|ja=三船悟志}} is a special enemy found underground in [[Araumi]], [[Inazuma]]. He is one of the [[Iwakura Art]] disciples that can be fought and killed while exploring the region.

He appears as a [[Kairagi: Dancing Thunder]] and guards a [[chest]].

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
===Hidden Exploration Objectives===
* [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]

==Story==
Little is known about Satoshi's life or history. However, it can be assumed that he was part of the Iwakura Clan while [[Iwakura Mitsunari]] was its clan successor. When the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was enacted, Mitsunari had his [[Vision]] taken and decided to join the [[Shogunate]] forces.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Iwakura Mitsunari}}</ref> Many of the other clan members saw this as a betrayal of their clan's pursuit of righteousness and deserted him, either going rogue or choosing to fight against the Shogunate instead. Based on Satoshi's dialogue, he was among the latter, and appeared to be the only one of the five practitioners to do so.

He eventually hid from the Shogunate by lurking in the ruins beneath Araumi. It is unknown how he managed to access the area, as the Traveler was only able to enter Araumi with the help of the [[Memento Lens]].

When the [[Traveler]] encounters him in Araumi, Satoshi assumes them to be with the Shogunate and attempts to kill them. The Traveler is left with no choice but to kill him in self-defense. After receiving word that a Traveler has been going around killing Iwakura Clan members, two expelled members, [[Okazaki Toraemon]] and [[Yanagiha Arashi]], discover Mifune's corpse and collect his sword to create a memorial.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Okazaki Toraemon}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Yanagiha Arashi}}</ref>

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approach)
:'''Iwakura Art: Mifune Satoshi:''' Are we pursued by the Shogunate's lackeys, even here?

;(Upon defeat)
:'''Iwakura Art: Mifune Satoshi:''' Haha... Hah... Like whistling in the wind...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Mifune Satoshi
|zhs     = 三船悟志
|zhs_rm  = Sānchuán Wùzhì
|zht     = 三船悟志
|zht_rm  = Sānchuán Wùzhì
|ja      = 三船悟志
|ja_rm   = Mifune Satoshi
|ko      = 미후네 사토시
|ko_rm   = Mihune Satosi
|es      = Mifune Satoshi
|fr      = Mifune Satoshi
|ru      = Мифунэ Сатоси
|th      = Mifune Satoshi
|vi      = Mifune Satoshi
|de      = Mifune Satoshi
|id      = Mifune Satoshi
|pt      = Mifune Satoshi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}