{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Miitoboru.png
|realname         = <!-- it exists but Miitoboru can't remember it -->
|region           = Golden Apple Archipelago
|region2          = Inazuma
|title2           = Fantastic Boat - Ol' Pirate Ship
}}
'''Miitoboru''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Summertime Odyssey]].

It appears that when the player uses [[Waverider]]s in [[Golden Apple Archipelago]], they are sailing Miitoboru.
==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Miitoboru hails from [[Seirai Island]] and once sailed as part of [[Ako Domeki|Ako Domeki's]] fleet during his rebellion against the [[Shogunate]]. He was never able to communicate with his sailors. It is implied that his original name (and body) were part of the [["Seiraimaru"]], named by [[Asase Hibiki|Hibiki]] after the island it was constructed on.

Miitoboru ended up on the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] during a battle with a Shogunate vessel at Seirai Island when Ako Domeki had seized a [[Maguu Kenki]] on board after being struck by lightning from the [[Thunder Manifestation]], and all of his sailors have drifted back to land. A part of his remains was crafted by the local children into a sword made in the likeness of the Maguu Kenki's, while the rest of the wreck was stationed at the island between Twinning and Pudding Isle whereas a xylophone was also created from his remains. 

The [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], [[Fischl]], [[Mona]], [[Xinyan]], and [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] encounter Miitoboru and are able to talk to him after spending one day on the archipelago. As Miitoboru cannot remember his original name, Paimon names him "Miitoboru," taking its Inazuman origins into consideration.

===Personality===
Miitoboru is friendly and takes the disbelief of the party in stride, as he is used to the normal communication barrier that prevents himself from being heard.

===Appearance===
Miitoboru's appearance is of the standard [[Waverider]] appearance. His window panels light up with blue when he speaks.<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}

==Dialogue==
{{StubDialogue|Conditions for each line}}
===Approaching a floating hilichurl camp===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "Aren't those hilichurls? Are they seriously everywhere nowadays?"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "We ocean wayfarers fear no battle! Lay on! We'll take 'em all on, and beat 'em too!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "These hilichurls... How did they get out here at sea, anyway? Did they drift over?"
{{Dialogue end}}

===Getting stuck in a whirlpool===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "Well, this is troublesome... Full speed ahead, I say!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "We'll charge right through this puny whirlpool!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Let's get out of here. I'm not doing so good..."
{{Dialogue end}}

===Approaching a Cloudleisure Step===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "That floating thing over there sure looks like a jellyfish. Hope it isn't poisonous..."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Hmm. Could we stand on top of that floaty thing over there?"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "I must confess, watching that jellyfish-like thing float in the air makes me want to try it too..."
{{Dialogue end}}

===Approaching Broken Isle===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "This island fell silent a long time ago. But I've been hearing music from it again recently..."
{{Dialogue end}}

===Approaching the islands north of Broken Isle===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "I just get this feeling that this particular island is affecting this entire ocean region. It could be a very dangerous place. Be careful, (Traveler)."
{{Dialogue end}}
*While this line seems intended to appear before repairing the Cognitive Mimicry during ''[[Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie]]''. It can also be triggered after repairing it.

====After repairing the Cognitive Mimicry==== 
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "Did you do something, (Traveler)? This island's influence has decreased a lot. I think that the surrounding seas should return to normal soon..."
{{Dialogue end}}

===Approaching the island midway between Twinning Isle and Pudding Isle===
*After completing ''[[Treasure Voyage]]'':
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "This is where my hull's rear is... Seriously, it's so far from the front half. What in the world happened to me back then..."
{{Dialogue end}}

===Approaching the island midway between Twinning Isle and Broken Isle===
*After completing [[Treasure Voyage]]:
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "That's my hull's front half. How did it get all the way up there? What was it trying to do, reach a new high?"
{{Dialogue end}}

===Approaching the partially submerged ruins south of Minacious Isle===
:'''Miitoboru:''' "The starry sky here truly is beautiful. Back in Inazuma, our vision would often be blocked by either clouds or thunder..."{{Verify|is this the correct trigger condition?}}
* This line is available as soon as Travelers gain the ability to understand Miitoboru.<!-- this is not locked behind Mona's quests -->
* This line will play as soon as the location is approached for the first time, regardless of the time of day.<!-- yes, this will play when the sun is high in the sky -->

===Unsorted dialogue===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Miitoboru:''' "A quick and clean finish. Great work."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "I doubt any of my former comrades could have matched you blow-for-blow, (Traveler)."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Hahaha, we should just team up, (Traveler). We'd make a formidable crew indeed!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Hahaha! Blow 'em away!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Bam! Now that's the stuff."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Hoo, that felt great. Don't we have any more explosive barrels?"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Hah! That's not going to stop me!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Easy!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Which inconsiderate soul would dump things into the sea like this..."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "*spitting* What? What in the world was that!?"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Agh, that was a face-full for sure..."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Should I say that I'm glad that it didn't get onto my original body?"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Huh! Those are Inazuman mountains... But something's a bit off here."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Oh dear. I wonder which poor fellow ended up in this sorry state... But it looks like he may once have been a fine ship indeed."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Where are these mountains from? I've never seen anything like them..."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Never seen these trees before, either... Wait a moment. Were the mountains on this island always like this?"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "I can't help but feel that there's something around this island that can calm my heart."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "I can't put my finger on it, but this island has a rather... mysterious atmosphere..."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Wait, is this the same island as before? I don't remember that building being all the way up there."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "The plants that have grown on this island recently have really given it a lively old makeover, I say!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Hmm? Were the mountains on this island like this the last time we were here?"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Oh, my, this region really does remind me of returning to port at sunset..."

:'''Miitoboru:''' "A keep on a cliff! Why, if Seirai had such a redoubt, we wouldn't have had to worry about the Shogunate no matter how many samurai they sent, hah!"

:'''Miitoboru:''' "Ah, what poor ship got beached up here?"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* ''Miitoboru'' is the romanized transliteration of the English word ''meatball'' into Japanese.
* One way of saying "meatball" in Japanese ends in {{lang|mini=1|ja={{Rubi|丸|まる}}|ja_rm=maru}}, which is a common Japanese suffix for names, including ship names. (Paimon's observation in English that Inazuman ships end in ''-ru'' is incomplete.)
** Similarly, the word ''meatball'' in Chinese ends with the same character seen in the other ''-maru'' names.
** In Teyvat, the suffix can be found in the names of [["Seiraimaru"]] (the only other known named Inazuman ship), [[Masagomaru]], [[Takamine the Mistsplitter|Konbumaru]], and [[Akuoumaru]].
* Miitoboru is confirmed to be the ship that crash landed on the Golden Apple Archipelago 500 years ago and was crewed by Inazuman pirates under [[Ako Domeki]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Miitoboru
|zhs     = 「大肉丸」
|zhs_rm  = "Dàròuwán"
|zht     = 「大肉丸」
|zht_rm  = "Dàròuwán"
|zh_tl   = "Big Meatball"
|ja      = 「御肉丸」
|ja_rm   = "Onikumaru"
|ja_tl   = "Great Meatball"
|ja_note = Literally "great round meat," where 御 is an honorific that can be translated in this context as "great." The usual word for ''meatball'' is {{lang|mini=1|ja=肉団子|ja_rm=nikudango}}.
|ko      = 「고기마루」
|ko_rm   = "Gogimaru"
|ko_tl   = "Meatmaru"
|ko_note = Compound word consisting of {{lang|mini=1|ko=고기|ko_rm=gogi|ko_tl=meat}} + {{lang|마루 ''maru''|ja=丸|ja_rm=maru}}.
|es      = Albondimaru
|es_tl   = {{Not a typo|Meatbamaru}}
|es_note = Portmanteau of {{lang|mini=1|es=''albóndiga''|es_tl=meatball}} and {{lang|''maru''|ja=丸|ja_rm=maru}}.
|fr      = Viandomaru
|fr_tl   = Meatomaru
|fr_note = Portmanteau consisting of {{lang|mini=1|fr=''viande''|fr_tl=meat}} + ''o'' + {{lang|''maru''|ja=丸|ja_rm=maru}}.
|ru      = Фрикаделька
|ru_tl   = Meatball
|th      = Miitoboru
|vi      = <!--Miitoboru <!-- quest dialogue / -->"Miitoboru" <!-- open world dialogue -->
|de      = „Fleischklops“
|de_tl   = "Meatball"
|de_note = ''Fleischklops'' can refer to both spherical meatballs and non-spherical meat blobs.
|id      = Miitoboru
|pt      = Almondemaru
|pt_tl   = {{Not a typo|Meatbamaru}}
|pt_note = Portmanteau of {{lang|mini=1|pt=''almôndega''|pt_tl=meatball}} and {{lang|''maru''|ja=丸|ja_rm=maru}}.
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->