{{CharacterTabs}}
<!--{{Quote|Official description|Description from the Official Website<ref>Official ''Genshin Impact'' Website: [LINK <character name>]</ref>}}-->
==Personality==
{{Quote|A young knight born to an ordinary family. He serves as a Front-Line Surveyor in his Company. He is a low-key and cautious character.|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}
Seemingly shy and distant at first, Mika eventually warms up to the people he knows. To those unfamiliar to him, especially those with high rankings, Mika prefers to observe them and understand their personalities before properly interacting with them as a sign of respect.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Charity Event! A Great Success!}}</ref> He does seem to rely on other people for decisions, such as when to talk or what to say.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sounds From Afar (Quest)}}</ref>

==Appearance==
Mika is a slim, fair skinned young man with curled golden hair that sticks out in irregular tufts and gentle blue eyes. His hair fades from light brown/orange at the top to a pale shade of yellow.

Mika's outfit consists of a blue jacket with lapels and rolled up sleeves worn over a white hoodie with blue details and a yellow necktie decorated with white details and pinned at the top with a blue gem. Over this, he wears a large belt-like garment crossing over his torso along with a small brown buckled book bag decorated with a blue and yellow plume. He wears a pair of cuffed white shorts with silver details, thick grey socks, oversized brown boots with spurs, and navy gloves with silver plating. Mika's outfit is adorned with pins and other silver details, such as a large shield-like ornament on the right side of his chest with a blue feather attached to it. Two long pieces of fabric dangle from behind his jacket, deocrated at the end with silver ornaments. His [[Cryo]] Vision is attached to a plate on his right glove.

==Official Introduction==
<!-- Article from Hoyolab -->
{{Official Introduction
|title     = With a feather plume as gold as maize, uncharted borders are depicted as clear as day
|link      = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15058564
|character = Mika
}}
{{Quote|I recruited Mika into the expedition team to hone his combat skills. As for why he reports directly to me... Well, since [[Jean]] isn't with us, I needed someone trustworthy to deal with all the odd errands, hahaha.|[[Varka]]'s "explanation" to "Alder Knight" [[Frederica]] after a session of drinking.}}
Mika, who is a member of the Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Company, always diligently fulfills all the duties that come his way.

Setting up tents, lighting fires for cooking, repairing equipment... Even Hertha, the logistics captain, has nothing but praise for Mika's excellent efficiency.

Mika's dedication to work is not due to a weak character or his inability to say no, but instead stems from the value that he attaches to teamwork, and a genuine desire to learn from his experienced colleagues.

"Helping everyone as much as possible benefits the entire team too!"

Mika's favorite pastime is closely linked to his primary duty as a front-line surveyor.

That is: surveying unexplored regions, recording topographical data, and drawing accurate and effective maps.

"There is an abundance of resources here, but it is surrounded by monsters. Take note to exercise caution."

Mika, whose dream is to become an expert cartographer, adds another annotation to the new version of the military map he is designing.
<!--
==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = 
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|quest2        = 
|other2        = 
|text2         = 
|mention2      = 

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|quest3        = 
|other3        = 
|text3         = 
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|quest4        = 
|other4        = 
|text4         = 
|mention4      = 

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|quest5        = 
|other5        = 
|text5         = 
|mention5      = 

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|quest6        = 
|other6        = 
|text6         = 
|mention6      = 

|title7        = 
|friendship7   = 4
|quest7        = 
|other7        = 
|text7         = 
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|quest8        = 
|other8        = 
|text8         = 
|mention8      = 
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|Insert namecard name}}
-->

==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Palumbus}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
<!--
==Trivia==
*

===Etymology===
*

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
===Character Title: Coordinates of Clear Frost===
{{Other Languages
|en      = Coordinates of Clear Frost
|zhs     = 晴霜的标绘
|zhs_rm  = Qíngshuāng de Biāohuì
|zht     = 晴霜的標繪
|zht_rm  = Qíngshuāng de Biāohuì
|zh_tl   = Plotting the Clear Frost
|ja      = 霜晴の測量
|ja_rm   = Shimobare no Sokuryou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Surveying the Clearing Frost
|ko      = 맑은 서리의 좌표
|ko_rm   = Malgeun Seori-ui Jwapyo
|ko_tl   = Coordinates of Clear Frost
|es      = El Agrimensor Nieveclara
|es_tl   = The Snowclear Surveyor
|fr      = Coordonnées du givre clair
|fr_tl   = Coordinates of Clear Frost
|ru      = Картограф чистого инея
|ru_tl   = Cartographer of Pure Frost
|th      = พิกัดเหมันต์ใต้ฟ้าคราม
|th_rm   = Phikat Heman Tai Fa Khram
|th_tl   = Coordinates of Winter Under the Indigo Sky
|vi      = Dấu Hiệu Sương Mai
|vi_tl   = Sign of Mist
|de      = Koordinaten des klaren Frosts
|de_tl   = Coordinates of Clear Frost
|id      = Coordinates of Clear Frost
|pt      = Topógrafo da Geada Translúcida
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sabah Ayazının Koordinatları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Coordinate del gelo solare
|it_tl   = Coordinates of Solar Frost
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|link type=lore}}

[[id:Mika/Kisah]]
[[ja:ミカ/ストーリー]]
[[ru:Мика/Лор]]
[[th:Mika/เนื้อเรื่อง]]
[[tr:Mika/Hikaye]]