{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Mika
|id             = 368165
|image          = Character Mika Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Mika''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Missions...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Plans of action...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Could I ask for advice...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Making acquaintances...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} My seniors...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} How do you do?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'm all ready!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mika mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo mika mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' You know, I feel livelier after hearing your voice... Hehe!
:{{DIcon}} Do you like it here?
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Yes, I love it!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' This place is amazing, beautiful, and peaceful... There's so many wonderful things I've never seen before.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I doubt there's any other place in Teyvat that can compare to this.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Even if you just give me a tiny tent, I'll still be super comfortable here.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Oh, but... if I'm gonna be camping outside, I'll have to trouble you for some firewood to make a campfire...
::{{DIcon}} No need for that &mdash; it's temperate here year-round!
::{{DIcon}} Of course I'd get you what you need!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Th&mdash;Thank you... I hope me being here isn't too much of an imposition...
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Um... If there's anything I can help with around here, please do let me know!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I used to spend a lot of time cleaning and tidying the house and yard. That was a while ago, but I'm probably still okay at it...
::{{DIcon}} You're my guest, Mika.
::{{DIcon}} All a guest needs to do is make themselves at home.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Aw... That's extremely kind of you... Thank you ever so much!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Uh, I guess I should stop with all the formalities before I ruin the mood...
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Alright, I'll make myself at home, then. I want to do a detailed survey of this place... I'll do my best to understand your design philosophy!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship1 12.ogg}} '''Mika:''' That way, I can help you out if you ever need it.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Of course!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' It's rare to have time alone with you... I have so many things I want to ask you about.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' For instance, your mastery of the sword allows you to defeat strong opponents that are even beyond the reach of arrows.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Distance and firing range are never a problem to you... How do you manage it?
::{{DIcon}} I can show you on the field someday.
::{{DIcon}} But for now, I want to hear your stories.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Okay, sure... Since we'll be traveling together, watching you fight will definitely be the best way for me to learn.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Um, anyway, let's move on to a lighter topic... What kind of story do you want to hear?
::{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to share.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Um... Let me think... Ah, here's an interesting one about the Reconnaissance Company.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Mika:''' When I first started, we'd pluck the petals off a Sweet Flower to decide who was on cooking duty after work.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Some of us weren't that good at cooking, but no one ever complained. We'd just polish off everything and then give constructive criticism.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Mika:''' With everyone's feedback and a period of trial and error, everyone's culinary skills significantly improved.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Obviously, our cooking can't compare to what you'd find at restaurants in the city, but they're pretty delicious as field rations go.
::{{DIcon}} Why don't we try that method as well?
::{{DIcon}} It would be an interesting way to choose the chef of the day.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Good idea! It introduces an element of surprise, too...
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Hehe, I'm already looking forward to our next meal... I'll go and collect some Sweet Flowers!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Mmm... Let me think...
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' When the finch adeptus invited me over for some tea, she told me that you can use your willpower to change the topography here.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' If you don't mind... could you find an open place and form one or two mountains there?
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Mika:''' It doesn't matter what they look like &mdash; as long as it's something that you'd find difficult to climb. The craggier, the better.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Mika:''' But if that would take too much time and effort, just scrap the idea...
::{{DIcon}} You mean... you want to go on a hike?
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Yes! I'm so grateful for the delicious food and the cozy accommodation you've provided, but I fear that I'll get out of shape if I'm too comfortable for too long...
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I still have a long way to go before I can become a well-seasoned surveyor. I can't get complacent.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Besides, understanding the landforms you create will allow me to see what kind of terrain might pose a challenge to you, so I can prepare a plan accordingly.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Mika:''' This way, I'll soon be of some help!
::{{DIcon}} I'll give it a go when the time comes.
::{{DIcon}} Let's challenge the most perilous of terrain together!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Great! Thank you.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Hearing that makes me really motivated!

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Mika.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}!
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Have you had breakfast? If not, may I use your kitchen? I won't be long!

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Mika.
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' It's bedtime already? You have a really healthy routine...
::{{A|vo mika mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I should take a leaf out of your book... Anyway, sleep tight!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mika kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' What a spacious kitchen! With all this equipment, we could provide enough marching rations for an entire company!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mika kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Being here reminds me of the gatherings I had with my teammates.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mika kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Although I can't drink with everyone, I'm happy just to be part of the conversation.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mika adventure 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Ah! Something about this place feels familiar...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mika adventure 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' This campsite's layout is similar to the example provided in the first version of the Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Manual...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mika adventure 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' You're amazing! How did you manage to remember all these little details...? I'm just in awe!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Mika/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Mika/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ミカ/仲間]]
[[ru:Мика/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Mika/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Mika/Bạn Đồng Hành]]