{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Mikoshi Nagamasa.png
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Mikoshi Clan
|affiliation2     = Inazuma Shogunate
|affiliation3     = The Yougou Three
|affiliationNote3 = formerly
|title            = Katsuragikiri
|title2           = Inspector

|mother           = Mikoshi Chiyo
|motherNote       = adoptive mother
|sibling          = Iwakura Michihiro
|siblingNote      = adoptive brother
|relative         = Mikoshi Genichirou
|relativeNote     = descendant
|relative2        = Mikoshi Genjirou
|relativeNote2    = descendant

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm12927948|Will Engel]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/WillPowerEngel/status/1600581061389402112 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
{{Lang|'''Mikoshi Nagamasa'''|ja=御輿長正|ja_rm=Mikoshi Nagamasa}} was one of [[The Yougou Three]] in [[Inazuma]] who lived around the time of the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago.

In his youth, he was adopted into the [[Mikoshi Clan]] by [[Mikoshi Chiyo]] and lived with her biological son [[Iwakura Michihiro]] (Mikoshi Michihiro). Nagamasa took great pride in his adoptive family, and after Chiyo went mad from [[abyss]]al corruption and turned her blade on [[Ei]], he joined the [[Inazuma Shogunate]] to restore his family's honor.

After becoming an Inspector, Nagamasa took up bladesmithing at [[Tatarasuna]]. There, he forged a nagamaki that would come to be known as the [[Katsuragikiri Nagamasa]] (Katsuragi-Slashing Nagamasa) after he slew his yoriki, [[Katsuragi]], with it.

==Profile==
{{Quote|...Nagamasa is harsh, but also knows right from wrong. But even so, he is not amenable to reason. His name indicates one obsessed with purity...|[[Miyazaki]]'s remarks about Nagamasa following Katsuragi and [[Nozomu]]'s deaths<ref name="RAN">Interactable: [[Rather Aged Notes]]</ref>}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events
|As Though Surrounded by Thunder = cinematic}}

==Story==
===Early life===
At some point in Nagamasa's early life, he was fostered by the [[oni]] maiden Chiyo and grew up alongside her biological son, Michihiro.<ref name="KatNag">{{Ref/Weapon|Katsuragikiri Nagamasa}}</ref> He appears to have lived in or around the [[Mt. Yougou]] area, later going to learn under the [[Yougou Tengu]] and becoming one of the Yougou Three alongside [[Asase Hibiki]] and [[Kamuna Harunosuke]].<ref name="The Narukami Trail">{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail|quote='''Inagi Hotomi:''' About four to five hundred years, it was said that "The Yougou Three" Asase Hibiki, Kamuna Harunosuke, and Mikoshi Nagamasa once went to Mt. Yougou to learn under the Yougou Tengu. [...]<br>'''Inagi Hotomi:''' Mikoshi Nagamasa returned to Inazuma City to serve the Shogunate.}}</ref>

After Chiyo was corrupted by the abyss and betrayed Ei during the fight against the dark forces of the [[cataclysm]], Michihiro secluded himself in [[Konda Village]] out of shame while Nagamasa left to join the Shogunate and restore the Mikoshi name.<ref name="The Narukami Trail" /><ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}</ref>

===As an Inspector===
After becoming an inspector, Nagamasa went to [[Tatarasuna]] with his yoriki [[Katsuragi]]. There, he developed an interest in weaponsmithing, a pursuit that the rest of his group &mdash; consisting of Vice Armory Officer [[Miyazaki]], [[Nozomu]], and [[Kinjiro]] &mdash; believed had a beneficial effect on his temperament. With Katsuragi and Miyazaki's help, Nagamasa forged a {{w|nagamaki}} he named {{Lang|Daitatara Nagamasa|ja=大たたら長正|ja_tl=Great Tatara Nagamasa}}.<ref name="KatNag" />

Around the same time, Katsuragi found a puppet inside a hidden palace called [[Shakkei Pavilion]] &mdash; [[Ei]]'s prototype puppet, the entity later known as [[Scaramouche]].<ref name="Finale">{{Ref/Quest|The Kabukimono's Finale}}</ref> He introduced the young man to Nagamasa, who in turn introduced him to the Armory Officer [[Niwa Hisahide]] and other workers at Tatarasuna. The puppet was accepted as one of their own, and was called "Kabukimono."<ref name="Wanderer1">{{Ref/CS|Wanderer|1}}</ref> It's likely that Nagamasa and Katsuragi were the only two who knew that Kabukimono was not the lost man from [[Nazuchi Beach]], as they told others, and Nagamasa agreed to conceal his past because of Katsuragi's wish.<ref name="Finale"/> He apologized to Kabukimono that he had to deal with him in this fashion.<ref name="Luxury">{{Ref/Arti|Plume of Luxury}}</ref><ref group="Note">It's likely that the [[Plume of Luxury]] depicted the past events in the chronological order, which means Nagamasa apologizing to Kabukimono happened before the Tatarasuna Mystery.</ref>

On the completion of the Daitatara Nagamasa, Nozomu was so moved upon seeing the blade that he made a painting of it, while Katsuragi and Kabukimono performed a sword dance together.<ref name="RAN" />

===Tatarasuna Mystery===
The tragedy began when a mechanic from [[Fontaine]] calling himself "Escher" appeared, working with the [[Akame School|Akame Clan]] &mdash; another clan of the Isshin Art ''sansaku'' &mdash; to revolutionize the smelting process at Mikage Furnace. "Escher" was actually [[Il Dottore]], dispatched on a mission by [[Pierro]] to cause chaos at Tatarasuna and lay the groundwork for a future endeavor. Taking an interest in the puppet, Dottore decided to make him the key player in his experiment at Tatarasuna and his smelting process, though highly effective, was actually releasing the [[Tatarigami]] inside [[Crystal Marrow]] into the environment. As workers grew sick and died from the curse's effects, people began to panic and Niwa implemented an information blackout to control the situation.<ref name="Night-Bird">{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}</ref><ref name="Wanderer2">{{Ref/CS|Wanderer|2}}</ref>

Both Niwa and Nagamasa suspected Escher from the start, and likely held an investigation against him. However, Nagamasa took a more cautious approach, so he was too late and Escher had killed Niwa, and created a story that Niwa fled Tatarasuna instead.<ref name="Night-Bird"/>

The kabukimono returned from his expedition empty-handed, unaware that [[Ei]] had already retreated to the [[Plane of Euthymia]] while he was barred from visiting [[the Shogun]]. Viewing [[Yae Miko]]'s promise to send aid as a sign that the Shogunate had turned their backs on them, the kabukimono returned only to discover that Niwa had gone missing. Dottore convinced him and the people of Tatarasuna that Niwa had abandoned them to their fates, and that their only hope lay in the kabukimono. Taking the device with him, the kabukimono managed to survive the ordeal of absorbing the filth. Afterwards, "Escher" bid him to open the device, where he found a withered heart &mdash; which Dottore claimed was from a subordinate of Niwa's whom Niwa had killed. The kabukimono, believing that Niwa had betrayed him and the people at Tatarasuna, was enraged and came to view this incident as the "second betrayal" that he experienced.<ref name="Wanderer2"/><ref name="Gaze">{{Ref/Quest|The Gaze From a Certain God|note=The "Divine" Will animated cutscene}}</ref> The Kabukimono left Tatarasuna, and the remain swordsmiths were unable to find him.<ref name="RAN" />

After Hisahide's "disappearance", the responsibility for what had happened fell to the second-in-command Nagamasa. Still vowing to clean his clan name, Nagamasa could not allow himself to die. Katsuragi was willing to face capital punishment in place of his master, and thus Nagamasa cleaved Katsuragi with the Daitatara Nagamasa before throwing the blade into the furnace. Nozomu disagreed with the order and reached into the furnace to retrieve the melted blade, later dying from his injuries. Kinjiro took the remains of the blade as well as Nozomu's painting and hid them in [[the Arsenal]].<ref name="RAN" /> From then on, both Nagamasa and his blade became known as {{Lang|Katsuragikiri Nagamasa|ja=桂木斬長正|ja_tl=Katsuragi-Slashing Nagamasa}}.<ref name="KatNag" /><!--
Around the time of the incident, he and Scaramouche were at odds due to Nagamasa's fear of Scaramouche's nature as a sentient puppet.<ref name="Gaze">{{Ref/Quest|The Gaze From a Certain God|note=The "Divine" Will animated cutscene}}</ref> In a stand-down between the two, Nagamasa asked Scaramouche "not [to] hold this against [him]."<ref name="HuskDreams" /> What Nagamasa did and what happened to him afterwards are unknown.-->

===Later life===
According to [[Sawada]], Nagamasa survived the ordeal and continued to live until his old age.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As Though Morning Dew}}</ref>

===Legacy===
At some point in his life, Nagamasa authored the ''Anthology of Inazuman Blades'', in which he named Hasui Geppaku Futsu and [[Haran Geppaku Futsu]] as the masterpieces of the [[Futsu School]],<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Haran Geppaku Futsu}}</ref> one of the five bladesmithing traditions of the [[Raiden Gokaden]].<ref name="Calabash">{{Ref/Arti|Calabash of Awakening}}</ref><!--
To get his vengeance against "the bladesmith," Scaramouche masterminded the fall of the [[Raiden Gokaden]]. While it is unclear how long in the past he started his quest, Scaramouche eradicated the [[Futsu School|Futsu]], Hyakume, and Senju Arts before targeting the [[Isshin Art]] during [[Kaedehara Yoshinori]]'s generation (somewhere around 120–80 years ago, since Yoshinori is [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]'s great-grandfather). After discovering that Yoshinori was descended from the [[Niwa Clan]] &mdash; whose relation to him is currently unclear<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)}}</ref> &mdash; Scaramouche decided his quest had grown boring and abandoned it, leaving the Isshin a dying art while the [[Amenoma Art]] escaped unscathed.<ref name="Calabash" />-->

===Revised History===
During the events of {{Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}, Scaramouche learns the truth behind Niwa's death, taken from Dottore's own memories which [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] previously connected to while she was verifying that he had eliminated his segments. After assuming from the [[Traveler]]'s gesture that it was possible to change the past, Scaramouche decided to erase his own existence using the remaining divine power he had. In reality, it is not possible to change the past, instead only written history and people's memory &mdash; that are, people's perception &mdash; were tampered to erase his names. It appeared that to not make a hole in people's perception, the Irminsul replaced Scaramouche with various equivalent figures throughout history.

In Tatarasuna Mystery, the kabukimono was "replaced" by a mysterious "foreign mechanic", which seemed to be the combination of the kabukimono and the foreign mechanic [[Escher]] from the old history. Thus, Nagamasa did not meet the puppet, but otherwise his story remained the same.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* The [[Earth Kitsune Statue]] above the [[Perpetual Mechanical Array]] recounts memories of a conversation between Nagamasa and Michihiro.<!--
; "Michihira" is an alternate reading for Doukei's Japanese name, {{ja|道啓}}.-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|zhs     = 御舆长正
|zhs_rm  = Yùyú Chángzhèng
|zht     = 御輿長正
|zht_rm  = Yùyú Chángzhèng
|ja      = 御輿長正
|ja_rm   = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|ko      = 미코시 나가마사
|es      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|fr      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|ru      = Микоси Нагамаса
|th      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|vi      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|de      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|id      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|pt      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|tr      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
|it      = Mikoshi Nagamasa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4|introduced=2.0}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Mikoshi Nagamasa]]
[[ru:Микоси Нагамаса]]
[[ja:御輿長正]]