{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Enemy Group
}}
{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Millelith in Rite of Descension.png
|caption      = Millelith soldiers in the Archon Quest Rite of Descension
|base         = [[Liyue]]
|region       = Liyue
}}
{{Quote|While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail!|Motto of the Millelith}}
The '''Millelith''' is a military force stationed around [[Liyue]] to serve as guards, reporting to the [[Liyue Qixing]]. Alongside patrolling the Liyue's lands, the Millelith also conduct undercover infiltration against criminal groups to weaken<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Undetected Infiltration}}</ref> and/or apprehend them.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Dealing Sands}}</ref>

==Overview==
===Equipment===
The Millelith are renowned for their skill with polearms. Their standard-issue weapon is the [[White Tassel]], with some front-line officers also wielding the heavier [[Halberd]], though members have been shown with other weapons, such as the [[Dark Iron Sword]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Rite of Descension}}</ref> The Millelith of the past favored the [[Lithic Spear]] and [[Lithic Blade]], but these are considered far too heavy for modern humans to wield.

According to [[Turenna]], the Millelith are currently developing a new type of armor that consists of ceramic blocks wedged between pieces of hardened fabric. Like real-life {{w|ceramic armor}}, it is meant to distribute the impact of projectiles to reduce their penetrative power.<ref name="CaW">{{Ref/Quest|Commanders and Wargames}}</ref>

All of their equipment is supplied by [[Blackcliff Forge]].<ref name="CaW" />

===Training & Tactics===
The Millelith provides standardized training for all recruits and maintains strict assessment standards. They demand a high degree of awareness and discipline from every soldier, which allows them to focus more on group formations and large-scale strategy. 

In battle, they often use the sheer size of their forces to overwhelm the enemy. Each unit has both offensive and defensive capabilities, and can also divide into smaller formations as required. This allows them to adapt to difficult terrain and provides tactical flexibility.

According to [[Phonia]], even if one studies the Millelith's tactics and formations, it would still be difficult to find a weakness to exploit.<ref name="CaW" />

==History==
The Millelith was originally the Millelith Brigade, which served in the [[Archon War]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Fengyan}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Lithic Blade}}</ref> Local elders would take oaths of allegiance to [[Morax]], and select soldiers.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Noble's Pledging Vessel}}</ref> These ancient Millelith also apparently had superhuman strength (at least by current standards).<ref group="Note">Descriptions on [[Lithic Spear]] and [[Lithic Blade]] assert that they are extremely heavy and nearly impossible to carry, but the ancient Millelith could wield them with ease.</ref> Once the Archon War ended, the Millelith started reporting to the Qixing.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I}}</ref> Many Millelith soldiers sacrificed themselves fighting alongside [[Bosacius]] in the Chasm against the [[Abyss]] during [[Cataclysm|the Cataclysm]].<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Tenacity of the Millelith}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Millennial Mountains}}</ref>

After the battle against [[Beisht]], the Liyue Qixing sought to enhance Liyue's military to better prepare for a future attack of such magnitude. To this end, they reorganized the Millelith's chain of command and established the General Staff department, which would bring together military advisers to pool intel and streamline operations. The [[Yuheng]] also introduced "scenario-based training," which is designed to comprehensively test a soldier's ability to assemble and command military forces. In [[Version 4.7]], Liyue also hosted the [[Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation]] to further develop their scenario-based training and share military techniques with other nations' armed forces.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Scenarios for Study}}</ref>

==Key Personnel==
* [[Fengyan]] &mdash; Sergeant
* [[Yijian]] &mdash; Unit Leader
* [[Yanbo]] &mdash; Squad Leader

==Other Personnel==
{{Characters by Category List|Millelith|4}}

==Enemies==
{{main|Millelith Soldiers}}
The Millelith can be encountered as enemies in certain [[Archon Quests]].

==Trivia==
* The name Millelith derives from Latin {{Lang|mini=1|la=''{{wt|mille||Latin}}''|la_tl=thousand}} and Greek {{Lang|mini=1|el=''{{wt|λίθος|lithos|Ancient Greek}}''|el_tl=stone.}}
* The Millelith Sergeants resemble Fengyan, but with black hair and a lack of goatee.
* {{Furnishing Mentions|name=The Millelith|are=1}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Millelith
|zhs     = 千岩军
|zhs_rm  = Qiānyán-jūn
|zht     = 千岩軍
|zht_rm  = Qiānyán-jūn
|zh_tl   = Thousand Rock Army
|ja      = 千岩軍
|ja_rm   = Sengan-gun
|ja_tl   = Thousand Rock Army{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = {{tt|천암<->군|千岩軍}}
|ko_tl   = Thousand Rock Army{{Sino|ko}}
|es      = Geoarmada
|es_tl   = Geonavy
|fr      = Millelithe
|fr_tl   = Millelith
|ru      = Миллелит
|th      = กองทหาร Millelith
|th_rm   = Kong Thahan Millelith
|th_tl   = Millelith Brigade
|vi      = {{tt|Thiên Nham Quân|千岩軍}}
|vi_tl   = Thousand Rock Army{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Millelith
|id      = Millelith
|pt      = Millelith
|tr      = Taşordu
|tr_tl   = Stone Army
|it      = Millelite
|it_tl   = Millelith
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}
[[Category:Millelith| ]]

[[es:Geoarmada]]
[[fr:Millelithes]]
[[ja:千岩軍]]
[[pl:Millelici]]
[[pt-br:Millelith]]
[[th:กองทหาร Millelith]]
[[uk:Мілеліти]]
[[vi:Lính Thiên Nham Quân]]
[[zh:千岩軍]]