{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality  = 5
|region  = Mondstadt
|passive = "Millenial Movement" effect increases party members' stats upon obtaining a certain amount of Sigils
|lore    = Songs related to key events in Mondstadt's history
}}
The '''Millennial Movement Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 5-star [[Weapon Series]] themed after songs related to [[Mondstadt]]'s history.

Although this series does not share an exact ability bonus, all the weapons from this series shares similar ability bonuses, which is the following:
{{Description|A part of the "Millennial Movement" that wanders amidst the winds. Increases (Stats) by '''(Stat Increase)%''', and when (Certain Attacks) hit opponents, the character gains a Sigil. This effect can be triggered once every (Cooldown Time).
When you possess (Amount) Sigils, all of them will be consumed and all nearby party members will obtain the "Millennial Movement" effect for 12s. "Millennial Movement" increases (Stat Boost) by '''(Stat Increase)%''' and increases ATK by '''20–40%'''.

Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils for 20s. Of the many effects of the "Millennial Movement," buffs of the same type will not stack.}}
==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Millennial Movement Series}}

==Lore==
Weapons from Mondstadt that feature music based around key events in the nation's history.

;Freedom-Sworn ({{zh|苍古自由之誓|tl=Oath of Eternal Freedom}})
A song of resistance sung whenever the people of Mondstadt were oppressed, whether during [[Decarabian]]'s reign or the aristocracy's reign. It was notably sung when the rebellion against Decarabian scaled his tower; those who could not accompany the [[Nameless Bard]], the [[Barbatos|spirit]], the [[Amos|archer]], the [[Gunnhildr|knight]], and the [[Red-Haired Warrior|flame-haired warrior]] sang this song in solidarity.

;Song of Broken Pines ({{zh|松籁响起之时|tl=When the Song of Broken Pines Echoes}})
Both during the time of Decarabian's rule and during the time of the corrupt Aristocracy, specific chords and tunes were banned because they could be used to incite rebellion. During the time of the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]], the Church dedicated to the Anemo Archon had a schism between the "clergy" and the "saints." The clergy held formal positions and joined in the luxury of the nobles at the cost of becoming hypocrites, creating hymns of praise while also overturning statues of the Anemo Archon. The saints didn't hold formal positions, but lived among the commoners, blessing them with the original holy manuscripts and writing songs and poems that were forbidden. When the rebellion began against the corrupt nobles, a saint known as the Nameless Shepherd mobilized the saints to take part in the rebellion as the true members of the Church of Favonius.

;Elegy for the End ({{zh|终末嗟叹之诗|tl=Poems of the Sighful Finale}})
During the time period of the [[cataclysm]], both the knights and the Anemo Archon fought to protect their land. The Anemo Archon summoned Dvalin in order to fight the venomous dragon, Durin. While they did succeed in killing Durin, unfortunately Dvalin fell asleep in an ancient tower. Similarly, while the knights won their fight, Rostam fell in battle. Many songs were created to record the battle of the two dragons, but over time they faded from memory. Similarly, the song that [[Crimson Witch of Flame|a certain maiden]] used to sing to Rostam changed upon her return and finding out he had died. She eventually devoted her life to burning away the evil in the world.

==Trivia==
* The visual effect of the Millennial Movement effect (after consuming four Sigils) changes slightly based on the weapon: The highlighted string on the lyre changes based on weapon order (Sword > Claymore > Polearm > Catalyst > Bow). Freedom-Sworn highlights the leftmost string, Song of Broken Pines highlights the string second from the left, and Elegy for the End highlights the rightmost string.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[ja:千年の大楽章シリーズ]]