{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Milray.png
|group            = Tepetlisaurus
|group2           = Saurians
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Milray''' is an event-exclusive [[Tepetlisaur Whelp]] [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Tournament of Glory in Bloom]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->

==Profile==
When the Abyss invaded Natlan, Milray participated in his nation's defense despite his young age; while the [[Children of Echoes]] sent them away for their own safety, Milray managed to sneak away and fought the monsters, using his intellect to outsmart the invaders. For his efforts in the war, the tribe awarded him with the Warrior's Medal. Milray was popular with several Saurians, who befriended him.

At some point after the invasion, Milray began to fall gravely ill, prompting [[Pacal]] to request [[Ifa]] in order to cure him. Ifa had learned about a cure for Milray's situation, which required Ocean Zephyr and Sacred Flame Crystals. Milray's friends agreed to help look for Ocean Zephyr, while the tribes would procure the crystals. The [[Traveler]], who had agreed to help, [[Saurian Indwelling|indwelled]] an adult Tepetlisaur and told Milray that the humans would help cure him by using the crystals. Milray became fearful upon their mention, claiming that they would beguile human hearts and turn friends into enemies before falling unconscious. One of his friends, [[Naiyan]], told the Traveler that a [[Antu|qucusaur]] had told them so, and they trusted them due to being saved numerous times by them.

With this new lead, the Traveler learned about the mysterious qucusaur's identity and that he was fearful of Milray's treatment. The Traveler and the Natlanese managed to pull a ruse to convince the qucusaur, Antu, that he could help dispel the evil from the crystals. Milray was cured and Antu was now at peace and returned to the [[Night Kingdom]]. Milray was sad to see his friend go, but Ifa reassured him that Antu could finally rest in peace with his recovery.

===Appearance===
Milray is a Tepetlisaur Whelp that wears the hat used by the Children of Echoes' Saurian warriors.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Milray
|zhs     = 米莱
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 米萊
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = ミレイ
|ja_rm   = 
|ko      = 밀레이
|es      = Milray
|fr      = Milray
|ru      = Милрей
|th      = Milray
|vi      = Milray
|de      = Milray
|id      = Milray
|pt      = Milray
|tr      = Milray
|it      = Milray
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->