{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73692
|image         = Event Quest Mimetic Replication.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Opening Festivities]]
|characters    = Paz; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[A Parade of Providence/Mimetic Replication|Mimetic Replication]] subevent.
}}
'''''Mimetic Replication''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Paz]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Paz from Amurta seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Paz, optional)
:'''Paz:''' (If we had more funding, we'd be able to do a better job...)

;(Talk to Paz)
:'''Paz:''' Ah, hello there, Traveler. It would seem that you're here to take part in the Wisdom Gala.
:'''Paz:''' If it would interest you, would you like to try out the game that we at Amurta have set up?
:{{DIcon}} And what sort of game would that be?
:'''Paz:''' Our Darshan has set up a little game called "Mimetic Replication."
:'''Paz:''' In this game, I will introduce you to the behavioral patterns of certain animals.
:'''Paz:''' Of course, these patterns have been simplified and generalized to make them easier to understand.
:'''Paz:''' What you'll need to do is to use the models we have prepared to imitate the actions of the corresponding animals.
:{{DIcon}} That does sound pretty simple.
:{{DIcon}} Can't say that sounds difficult.
:'''Paz:''' Precisely. "Animals have regular behavioral patterns" is a statement that is both simple to understand and accept.
:'''Paz:''' But behind something so simple lie mysteries that are most deep indeed.
:'''Paz:''' However, let us put academic observation aside for the moment and simply enjoy the habitual behaviors of animals in a relaxed manner.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Mimetic Replication
|zhs       = 仿生摹行
|zhs_rm    = Fáng Shēng Mó Xíng
|zht       = 仿生摹行
|zht_rm    = Fáng Shēng Mó Xíng
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 生体模倣
|ja_rm     = Seitai Mohou
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 동물 모방
|ko_tl     = Animal Imitation
|es        = Replicación mimética
|es_tl     = Mimetic Replication
|fr        = Réplication mimétique
|fr_tl     = Mimetic Replication
|ru        = Миметическая репликация
|ru_tl     = Mimetic Replication
|th        = ทดลองเป็นสิ่งมีชีวิต
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Mô Phỏng Sinh Vật
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Mimetische Replikation
|de_tl     = Mimetic Replication
|id        = Replika Biomimetik
|id_tl     = Biomimetics Replica
|pt        = Replicação Mimética
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Hayvan Taklidi
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Replica mimetica
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Replicação Mimética (Missão)]]
[[ru:Миметическая репликация (задание)]]