{{DISPLAYTITLE:Mimi Tomo}}
{{About|the Event [[World Quest]]|the [[Event]]|Mimi Tomo}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70024
|image         = Adventurers' Guild Mondstadt.png
|title         = Mimi Tomo
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|type          = World
|event_name    = Mimi Tomo
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Mutual Exchange
|next2         = The Lost Hilichurl
|mora          = 10,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
{{Card|Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian|1}}
|characters    = Ella Musk; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Mimi Tomo (Quest)''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Mimi Tomo]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]]
# Go out into the wild to investigate
# Rescue [[Ella Musk]]
# Talk to Ella Musk

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Adventurers' Guild has issued a new commission, and it seems to be related to a certain "Unusual Hilichurl"...?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Traveler! Please, over here.
:'''Katheryne:''' Apologies, but I need a moment of your time. Would you be interested in taking on a new commission?
:{{DIcon}} Can't hurt to learn more about it.
:{{DIcon}} What kind of commission?
:'''Katheryne:''' The situation is this. The Guild has recently received several reports that the hilichurls in the wild are once again starting to band together and disrupt the merchant route.
:'''Katheryne:''' We have dispatched a significant number of adventurers to investigate...
:'''Katheryne:''' All of whom have reported a strange phenomenon &mdash; that whenever they discover a group of hilichurls gathering together, there is always a certain unusual hilichurl in their midst...
:'''Katheryne:''' We believe that this "Unusual Hilichurl" could be a key factor in the recent disturbances.
:'''Katheryne:''' So, we require someone to capture the Unusual Hilichurl, or at the very least chase it away.
:'''Katheryne:''' Traveler, are you interested in accepting this commission?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} I will keep my eyes open when I'm out and about.
:'''Katheryne:''' Thank you! I have marked some locations for you on your Map.
:'''Katheryne:''' Hilichurl activity has been reported in each of these areas. Please begin your investigation by visiting them.
:'''Katheryne:''' Should you encounter the Unusual Hilichurl... Please exercise due caution.
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:'''Paimon:''' ...Look! Someone's under attack!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''Ella Musk:''' Phew... That was close. Good thing you came when you did...
:{{DIcon}} I'll say...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright...?
:'''Ella Musk:'''  *sigh*...
:'''Ella Musk:''' I don't understand, everything was going so well... What was it that I said?
:'''Ella Musk:''' Well, anyway... Thank you for saving me...
:'''Paimon:''' She looks really upset...
:'''Ella Musk:''' Well... You saw what happened.
:'''Ella Musk:''' My previous strategy of attempting to interact with hilichurls on my own is manifestly too risky...
:'''Ella Musk:''' But still... It's a shame for a golden opportunity to converse with a hilichurl to just go to waste...
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything I can do?
:'''Ella Musk:''' It looks like my vocabulary compilation work for the dictionary is going to have to be postponed once again...
:'''Ella Musk:''' If only I had someone who could verify the accuracy of the book's contents on my behalf...
:{{DIcon}} I can help.
:'''Ella Musk:''' R&mdash;Really? That's great! ...Right then, be sure to take this book with you!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... That was a fast transition from sulking to bossing us around...
:'''Ella Musk:''' If you encounter any communication difficulties, you'll be able to resolve them simply by consulting this book! ...In principle, at least.
:{{DIcon}} ...In principle?
:'''Paimon:''' You mean you don't even know what you wrote in your own book!?
:'''Ella Musk:''' You only find out where the problems in your research lie through real-world application! Without putting them through their paces, how am I supposed to know for sure whether my theories hold water?
:'''Ella Musk:''' Hmm... Nope, never mind, you probably wouldn't understand what I was about to say anyway. But that aside... thank you, once again, for saving me.
:'''Ella Musk:''' Now, if you don't mind, I will join you. Let's go find a hilichurl to interact with.
:{{DIcon}} Welcome to the crew!
:{{DIcon}} Since we've come this far already...
:''Go with Ella to look for hilichurls who are willing to talk, attempt to understand their requests, and complete their {{Color|help|commissions}}.''
:''After completing the hilichurls' commissions, they will reveal {{Color|help|clues as to their time}} when the Unusual Hilichurl will appear, and they will help the Traveler mark out locations where the Unusual Hilichurl may appear.''
:''Reach the designated locations at the {{Color|help|correct time}} to find and repel the Unusual Hilichurl and claim your rewards.''
:;(Obtain [[Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Mimi Tomo|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

[[pt-br:Pegue-me se Puder (Missão)]]
[[ru:Поймай меня, если сможешь (задание)]]
[[vi:Không Vào Hang Cọp Sao Bắt Được Cọp Con (Nhiệm Vụ)]]