{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70651
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|requirement   = Reached [[Reputation]] Level 2 in [[Mondstadt]]
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|otherRewards  = * Unlocks [[Rich Ore Reserve]]
|characters    = Traveler; Wagner
}}
'''''Mine Craft''''' is a [[world quest]] in [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Wagner

==Gameplay Notes==
* After talking to Wagner, rich ore deposits will be marked for the Mondstadt area on the Map.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Mining is not an easy task... But perhaps [[Mondstadt]]'s blacksmith, [[Wagner]], might have some tips for you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Wagner:''' Drat. Running out of ores, are we...
:{{DIcon}} Can I ask you some questions about finding ores?
:'''Wagner:''' Ores? What do you want to forge? Weapons or armor?
:'''Wagner:''' If you're looking to mine ores, I do know some good spots.
:'''Wagner:''' There are all sorts of ores, though. [[Iron Chunk]]s are the most common, followed by [[White Iron Chunk]]s, and then [[Crystal Chunk]]s...
:'''Wagner:''' And there's [[Magical Crystal Chunk]]s, which are of very fine quality, and can be used to forge excellent items.
:'''Wagner:''' Hmm, how about this &mdash; I'll mark the locations of all the veins I know of on your map.
:'''Wagner:''' If you need anything, go and mine it yourself. If you forget where they were, you can come and ask me again.
:'''Wagner:''' That said, you'll probably learn them by heart after you go mining a few times.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The quest title is a reference to the popular game ''{{w|Minecraft}}''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mine Craft
|zhs     = 采矿之道
|zhs_rm  = Cǎikuàng zhī Dào
|zht     = 採礦之道
|zht_rm  = Cǎikuàng zhī Dào
|zh_tl   = The Way of Mining
|ja      = 採掘の道
|ja_rm   = Saikutsu no Michi
|ja_tl   = Mining Path
|ko      = 채광의 길
|ko_rm   = Chaegwang-ui Gil
|ko_tl   = Road of Mining
|es      = El arte de la minería
|es_tl   = The Art of Mining
|fr      = L'art de miner
|fr_tl   = The Art of Mining
|ru      = Шахтёрское ремесло
|ru_tl   = Miner Craft
|th      = เคล็ดลับการขุดแร่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Con Đường Khai Khoáng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Minenabenteuer
|de_tl   = Mines Adventure
|id      = Cara Menambang
|id_tl   = How to Mine
|pt      = Arte da Mineração
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Madencilik Sanatı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un giorno in miniera
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:採掘の道]]