{{Terminology Infobox
|image = 
|type  = Item Groups
}}
'''Minerals''' are items that can be obtained from the open world that come in the form of ores.

Rich variants of [[Crystal Chunk]] and [[Noctilucous Jade]] ores can be found in the [[The Chasm/Underground Mines|Underground Mines]] of [[The Chasm (Subregion)|The Chasm]]. When mined, these ores drop an increased amount of minerals and will restore 3 energy to the [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]]. These ores appear bigger than their regular counterparts and emit a glow.

==Types==
===Forging Ores===
{{Main|Forging Ore}}
{{Items by Category List|Forging Ores}}

===Local Specialties===
{{Main|Local Specialties}}
{{Items by Category List|Minerals&Local Specialties}}

==Drop Rate==
When ores are destroyed, the corresponding types of item will drop for the player to pick up.
* For most regular ores, '''1''' is guaranteed to drop, with a possible '''2''' additional drops, each with a '''10%''' chance, for a maximum of '''3''' drops.
* For special ores in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]], '''2''' are guaranteed to drop, with a possible '''2''' additional drops, each with a '''10%''' chance, for a maximum of '''4''' drops.
* For [[Cor Lapis]], only '''1''' will drop.

==Talents==
{{Talents by Category Table|Ore Talents|shortheader=helps spot ores by indicating them with the {{Icon|Minimap Ore}} icon on the mini-map}}

==Breaking Ores==
{{See also|Interruption Resistance/Data|Shields/Shield Gauge Data}}
As {{Geo}} objects, ores require [[Poise Damage]] from melee or Blunt attacks to break. [[Blunt Attack]]s are most effective at breaking them.

{| class="wikitable sortable"
! rowspan="2" | Object !! colspan="2" | Poise DMG Required to Break
|-
! Melee !! Blunt
|-
| {{Item|Iron Chunk}} || 200 || 29
|-
| {{Item|White Iron Chunk}} || 200 || 29
|-
| {{Item|Starsilver}} || 200 || 29
|-
| {{Item|Crystal Chunk}} || 2000 || 286
|-
| {{Item|Magical Crystal Chunk}} || 2000 || 286
|-
| {{Item|Noctilucous Jade}} || 2000 || 286
|-
| {{Item|Cor Lapis}} || 2000 || 286
|-
| {{Item|Amethyst Lump}} || 2000 || 286
|-
| {{Item|Trishiraite}} || 2000 || 286
|-
| {{Item|Condessence Crystal}} || 2000 || 286
|-
| {{Item|Clearwater Jade}} || 2000 || 286
|}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
[[Category:Minerals| ]]

[[es:Minerales]]
[[ja:鉱石]]
[[uk:Мінерали]]