{{Faction Infobox
|leader       = [[Gentry De'an]]
|subfaction   = Minghua Bank
|region       = Liyue
}}
The '''Minghua Company''' {{Lang|zh=明华商行|zh_rm=Mínghuá Shāngháng}} and '''Minghua Bank''' {{Lang|zh=明华钱庄|zh_rm=Mínghuá Qiánzhuāng}} were two entities owned by [[Gentry De'an]] which flourished a decade ago. However, the [[Fatui]]'s increasing involvement in [[Liyue]]'s economy led them to undercut De'an's businesses and force their way into Liyue's market.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Gentry De'an|s=Daytime}}</ref>

After the supposed death of De'an's beloved daughter [[Huachu]], De'an sold the Minghua Bank to the Fatui to pay for her funeral. While the Minghua Company is still around, De'an bemoans its languishing business.

==Story==
Within the past ten years, the [[Northland Bank]] obtained a foothold in Liyue Harbor, cutting into the Minghua Bank's business. At some point after Huachu's disappearance,<ref name="LRBB">{{Ref/Quest|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}}</ref> Minghua Bank's unprofitability led Gentry De'an to sell it to the Northland Bank; the Minghua Company still exists, but its business is languishing.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Gentry De'an|s=Daytime}}</ref> After Huachu's "corpse" was discovered to be the reason for the water contamination at a [[Feiyun Slope]] well,<ref>{{Ref/BB|Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board|Water Pollution (Part 2)}}</ref> Gentry De'an decided to sell the bank's former building to pay for her funeral.<ref name="FSBB">{{Ref/BB|Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board|Gentry De'an's Message}}</ref>

Gentry De'an believes that his refusal to acknowledge Huachu's relationship with [[Jianqiu]], a poor arithmetic teacher, had driven her to suicide,<ref name="De'an Night">{{Ref/NPC|Gentry De'an|s=Nighttime}}</ref> oblivious to the fact that Huachu is actually still alive &mdash; the corpse was someone else's disguised as hers while she and Jianqiu eloped. The [[Traveler]] encounters them at [[Stone Gate]], where they give cryptic and guarded answers about their destination and the purpose of their trip. Jianqiu also introduces himself as an employee of the Minghua Bank, apparently unaware that it no longer exists.<ref name="Jianqiu">{{Ref/NPC|Jianqiu}}</ref>

During the {{Quest|Lantern Rite, Big Business?}}, Huachu and Jianqiu briefly return to the outskirts of [[Liyue Harbor]], as Huachu had grown homesick and wished to watch the Mingxiao Lantern. They stop at the [[Emerald Maple Inn]], where Jianqiu once again claims that he is an employee of the Minghua Bank accompanying the daughter of its owner. [[Mr. Zhu]], aware of both Huachu's supposed death and the Minghua Bank's closure, grows suspicious but ultimately decides not to pry into their affairs, and the two promptly leave the inn anyways.

==Members==
* [[Gentry De'an]] (owner)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en      = Minghua Company
|1_zhs     = 明华商行
|1_zhs_rm  = Mínghuá Shāngháng
|1_zht     = 明華商行
|1_zht_rm  = Mínghuá Shāngháng
|1_zh_tl   = Minghua Trading Company
|1_ja      = 明華商行
|1_ja_rm   = Meika Shoukou{{Assumed}}
|1_ja_tl   = Minghua Trading Company{{Sino|ja}}
|1_ko      = {{tt|명화|明華}} {{tt|상점|商店}}
|1_ko_tl   = Minghua Store{{Sino|ko|part=1}}
|1_es      = Compañía Minghua
|1_es_tl   = Minghua Company
|1_fr      = Compagnie Minghua
|1_fr_tl   = Minghua Company
|1_ru      = Гостиный двор Минхуа
|1_ru_tl   = Minghua {{w|Gostiny dvor|Gostinyy Dvor}}
|1_th      = Minghua Company
|1_vi      = {{tt|Minh Hoa Thương Hàng|明華商行}}
|1_vi_tl   = Minghua Trading Company{{Sino|vi}}
|1_de      = Minghua-Kompanie
|1_de_tl   = Minghua Company
|1_id      = Minghua Company
|1_pt      = Empresa Minghua
|1_pt_tl   = Minghua Enterprise
|1_tr      = Minghua Şirketi
|1_tr_tl   = 
|1_it      = Minghua & Co.
|1_it_tl   = 

|2_en      = Minghua Bank
|2_zhs     = 明华钱庄
|2_zhs_rm  = Mínghuá Qiánzhuāng
|2_zht     = 明華錢莊
|2_zht_rm  = Mínghuá Qiánzhuāng
|2_zh_tl   = Minghua {{w|Qianzhuang}}
|2_ja      = 明華銭荘
|2_ja_rm   = Meika Sensou{{Assumed}}
|2_ja_tl   = Minghua Qianzhuang{{Sino|ja}}
|2_ko      = {{tt|명화|明華}} {{tt|전장|錢莊}}
|2_ko_tl   = Minghua Qianzhuang{{Sino|ko}}
|2_es      = Banco Minghua
|2_es_tl   = Minghua Bank
|2_fr      = Banque Minghua
|2_fr_tl   = Minghua Bank
|2_ru      = Банк Минхуа
|2_ru_tl   = Minghua Bank
|2_th      = Minghua Company
|2_vi      = Minh Hoa Tiền Trang
|2_vi_tl   = Minghua Qianzhuang{{Sino|vi}}
|2_de      = Minghua-Wechselstube
|2_de_tl   = Minghua Exchange
|2_id      = Minghua Company
|2_pt      = Banco Minghua
|2_pt_tl   = Minghua Bank
|2_tr      = Minghua Bankası
|2_tr_tl   = 
|2_it      = Banca Minghua
|2_it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}