{{Location Infobox
|image        = Ministry of Civil Affairs.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Sea of Clouds
|subarea      = Liyue Harbor
}}
{{Description|Meeting the needs of Liyue's people is the sworn duty of the Ministry of Civil Affairs.|[[Loading Screen|Loading Tips]]}}
The '''Ministry of Civil Affairs''' is a government organization under the [[Liyue Qixing]] and is headquartered in [[Liyue Harbor]]. It is comprised of various departments<ref name="blazing_stars">{{Ref/Quest|The Blazing Stars Ring in Fortune}}</ref> and may command the [[Millelith]] to ensure public safety.

The Ministry of Civil Affairs is highly involved in all aspects of Liyue. Most notably, they have recently sealed [[The Chasm]] mines due to an accident.

==Powers and Responsibilities==
The Ministry of Civil Affairs has an extremely broad range of responsibilities.

* Gathers intelligence and manages material goods, information, and human resources.<ref name="yu">{{Ref/NPC|Ms. Yu}}</ref>
** During [[Involuntary Sacrifice]], Ganyu mentions they receive intel from the ministry about "big-time" Treasure Hoarders in Liyue and Mondstadt planning a joint operation.
* Public safety
** Maintains the public safety of Liyue Harbor, roads, villages, and festivals.
*** During the meteorite incident in the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event, the ministry sent out almost every available Millelith to ensure the safety of main roads and key villages.<ref name="trouble_with_letters">{{Ref/Quest|Trouble With Letters}}</ref>
*** During [[The Siege of Qingce]], the ministry sent Millelith to protect movement of supplies.
*** During [[The Stars Inscribe the Year's Wishes]], the ministry sent Millelith to deal with Treasure Hoarders around [[Qingce Village]].
** The ministry sealed off [[The Chasm]] due to an accident.
** Maintains multiple watch lists of potentially dangerous individuals and criminals.
*** Both [[Beidou]] and the [[Traveler]] are on a watch list.<ref name="beneath_the_surface">{{Ref/Quest|Beneath the Surface}}</ref>
*** There are higher level watch lists that Beidou does not have access to since they are top secret, however, she knows that the list is for those that the Qixing are extremely wary of.<ref name="beneath_the_surface"/>
** Issues bounties for wanted criminals.<ref name="beneath_the_surface"/>
* Management of the Lantern Rite festival
** Manages the festival's budget, plans firework shows,<ref name="blazing_stars"/> and ensures the safety of the festival.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns}}</ref>
** Delivers festive supplies, such as Xiao Lanterns, to other villages around Liyue.<ref name="wangshu_once_again">{{Ref/Quest|Wangshu Once Again}}</ref>
** The ministry must clean up Xiao Lanterns after the festival so they don't get stuck in strange places or litter the city.<ref name="where_the_light_wanes">{{Ref/Quest|Where the Light Wanes}}</ref>
* Maritime authority and port administration<ref name="nervous_an">{{Ref/NPC|Nervous An}}</ref>
** This includes managing mooring of ships and collecting rent for mooring spaces.<ref name="clerk_zhao">{{Ref/NPC|Clerk Zhao}}</ref>
** The ministry handles the operations of the harbor and keeps the waters clear of debris. During [[Fishing for Jade]], the Traveler assists the ministry in cleaning up flotsam after the battle with Osial.
* Administration and regulation of commerce and business<ref name="necessary_procedures">{{Ref/Quest|Necessary Procedures}}</ref>
** Administers proficiency tests and grants business and exit permits.<ref name="clerk_zhao"/>
*** In [[The Art of Hospitality]], [[Swan]] asks [[Alois]] for relevant documents issued by the Ministry of Civil Affairs, which may include exit permit and permits to do business.
*** Sedan chair bearers must obtain a Sedan Chair Permit and take written and road proficiency tests before they can carry people around<ref name="feiyun_bb_sedan">{{Ref/BB|Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board|Sedan Chair Permits}}</ref>
*** In [[Shadow of Yore]], [[Kliment]] mentions he obtained registration from the ministry so he can conduct an archaeological survey.<ref name="shadow_of_yore">{{Ref/Quest|Shadow of Yore}}</ref>
** Due to the Chasm being closed off, the ministry ordered work in the Chasm be ceased and the ministry's approval is required for work to resume.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Blackcliff Woes}}</ref>
** Oversees business transactions to check for contraband items and proper tax declarations<ref name="beneath_the_surface"/>
*** During [[A Teapot to Call Home: Part I]], [[Xingxi]] had to put various transactions on record with the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
** Handles customs procedures for import and export.<ref name="nervous_an"/>
* Labor and Tax Administration
** Issues temporary unemployment, medical, and food stipends.<ref name="feiyun_bb_chasm">{{Ref/BB|Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board|The Chasm}}</ref>
** Reviews applications for tax exemptions and deductions.<ref name="feiyun_bb_chasm"/>
* Other civil affairs
** {{w|Mail forwarding}}<ref name="mingyun">Interactible: [[Mingyun Village#Interactables|Someone's Message]]</ref>
** Dispute mediation<ref name="feiyun_bb_announcement">{{Ref/BB|Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board|Ministry of Civil Affairs Announcement}}</ref>
*** In [[A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity]], Ganyu suggests to a Fatui Skirmisher that they can file a complaint with the Ministry of Civil Affairs.

==Members==
* [[Clerk Zhao]] &mdash; Clerk
* [[Ms. Yu]] &mdash; Secretary
* [[Mingbo]]
* [[Muning]] &mdash; Specialist
* [[Nervous An]] &mdash; Maritime Authority
* [[Yelan]]

==NPCs==
List of NPCs located near the headquarters in Liyue Harbor.
* [[Big-Footed Dajiao]] ''(Daytime)''
* [[Clerk Zhao]] &mdash; Clerk, Ministry of Civil Affairs ''(Daytime: In front of the Ministry of Civil Affairs; Nighttime: Sitting at a table)''
* [[Jiayi]] &mdash; Millelith
* [[Xu]] &mdash; Servant, Feiyun Commerce Guild

==Trivia==
* The Ministry of Civil Affairs is mentioned in the descriptions of the following Furnishing items:
** [[Goldchime Stone]]
** [[Stone Lion Statue: The Warding]]
** [[Toy Stand: Dazzling Delights]]
* In [[Ganyu/Voice-Overs|Ganyu's voice-over]] for "About Yaoyao", she says she does not know what the Ministry of Civil Affairs does.
* In their dialogue, many NPCs and Millelith working for the ministry remark about how much work there is to do and not enough people. [[Nervous An]] and [[Clerk Zhao]] both speak very curtly and tell the Traveler to quickly say what they want or leave. Millelith sent by the ministry sometimes say they don't have enough personnel.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ministry of Civil Affairs
|zhs     = 总务司
|zhs_rm  = Zǒngwù-sī
|zht     = 總務司
|zht_rm  = Zǒngwù-sī
|zh_tl   = General Affairs Bureau
|ja      = 総務司
|ja_rm   = Soumu-shi<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Origin of the Lanterns|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = General Affairs Bureau
|ko      = {{tt|총무부|總務部}}
|ko_rm   = Chongmu-bu
|ko_tl   = General Affairs Ministry
|es      = Ministerio de Asuntos Civiles
|es_tl   = Ministry of Civil Affairs
|fr      = Bureau des affaires civiles
|fr_tl   = Bureau of Civil Affairs
|ru      = Департамент по делам граждан
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ฝ่ายกิจการทั่วไป
|th_rm   = Fai kitkan thuapai
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Tổng Vụ|總務}}
|vi_tl   = General Affairs
|de      = Rat für Allgemeine Angelegenheiten
|de_tl   = Council for General Matters
|id      = Bagian Urusan Sipil
|id_tl   = Civil Affairs Department
|pt      = Ministério dos Assuntos Civis
|pt_tl   = Ministry of Civil Affairs
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}

[[Category:Factions]]

[[es:Ministerio de Asuntos Civiles]]