{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71650
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|mora          = 200,000
|other         = {{Card|Condensed Resin|1}}
|characters    = Ms. Yu; Traveler
}}
'''''Ministry Missions''''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks [[Liyue]]'s [[Reputation]] menu.

It requires completing [[Archon Quests]] [[Chapter I]], Act II: [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]].
==Steps==
#Speak to [[Ms. Yu]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ms. Yu]], a resource manager from the Ministry of Civil Affairs, has something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Ms. Yu:''' Hello. Are you interested in doing some work for the Ministry of Civil Affairs?
:{{DIcon}} Ministry of Civil Affairs?
:'''Ms. Yu:''' Yes, the Liyue Ministry of Civil Affairs.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' My name's Ms. Yu, and I'm a resource manager with the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' By resource management, we don't just mean the management of material goods. We also manage information and human resources.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' I trust that you, too, understand how important resource management is to a city that prizes commerce as much as Liyue does.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' Exchanging material for manpower and intelligence, and using all three to solve issues &mdash; that's our Ministry's specialty.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' To put it more plainly, you help us, we pay you. Haha.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' But there are still more details to it than just that, of course.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' Go ahead, have a look for yourself. You can see what work is available to you now.
:;(Opens the Reputation menu)
----
;(After closing the menu)
:'''Ms. Yu:''' How about it? If there's work you're interested in, you can get started right away.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' If you're able to successfully complete the work, not only will you gain reputation, but there will be rewards awaiting you as well. It will definitely be worth your while.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' Still, the work you can take on is dependent on your reputation.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' Given that you're just starting out, you will most likely only be able to take fairly routine tasks for now.
:'''Ms. Yu:''' But if you would like to try your hand at more important tasks and see better rewards, the you'll have to earn the trust of others. I'd suggest taking as much work as you can.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ministry Missions
|zhs     = 「总务司」的事务
|zhs_rm  = "Zǒngwùsī" de Shìwù
|zht     = 「總務司」的事務
|zht_rm  = "Zǒngwùsī" de Shìwù
|zh_tl   = Affairs of the "Ministry of Civil Affairs"
|ja      = 「総務司」の事務
|ja_rm   = "Soumu-shi" no Jimu
|ja_tl   = Ministry of Civil Affair's Office Work
|ko      = 「총무부」의 일
|ko_rm   = "Chongmubu"-ui Il
|ko_tl   = Work of "General Affairs Ministry"
|es      = Los asuntos del Ministerio de Asuntos Civiles
|es_tl   = Matters of the Ministry of Civil Affairs
|fr      = La belle affaire
|fr_tl   = Big Deal
|ru      = Задания департамента по делам граждан
|ru_tl   = Tasks of the Ministry of Civil Affairs
|th      = งานของฝ่ายกิจการทั่วไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Việc Của "Tổng Vụ"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Angelegenheiten für den Rat für Allgemeine Angelegenheiten
|de_tl   = Affairs For The Ministry of Civil Affairs
|id      = Misi dari Bagian Urusan Sipil
|id_tl   = Missions from Ministry of Civil Affairs
|pt      = Assuntos do Ministério dos Assuntos Civis
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bakanlık Görevleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Al servizio del Ministero
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Los asuntos del Ministerio de Asuntos Civiles]]