{{Act Infobox
|image          = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures
|actNum         = III
|actType        = Part
|prev           = Prince's Country
|next           = 
|event_name     = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures
}}
'''Miraculous Crown''' is the third part of the [[Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Miraculous Crown (Quest)|Miraculous Crown]]

==Summary==
;Miraculous Crown
After two days passed, the Traveler and Paimon return to the camp. [[Freminet]] tells them the crown is ready but [[Zuria Destree|Zuria]] has not arrived yet. Delaroche appears and she has been worrying about them because she is not receiving their updates. She asked around about the rumors about the boy who went into the waters, who turns out is not Freminet after all. One month ago, several fishermen saw an eight years old boy named [[Lescot Destree]] tied a bunch of heavy seashells onto his body and walked into the open water, never to be seen again. His mother was devastated and fell ill, she decided to leave the Court of Fontaine and no one has heard of her ever since. Paimon realizes Zuria is the mother and Lescot is her son. They all head to Zuria's home to check on her.

Arriving at Zuria's residence, they are greeted by her family doctor, [[Jalacan]]. He explains that Lescot did have the Loneliness Syndrome. But ever since Lescot passed away, Zuria also fell to the same illness because of her grief and at this point she can no longer differentiate between fantasy and reality. Zuria has been in a good mood in the last few days until last night, when she broke down once more and is currently on sedatives. She proposed a "guidance therapy" to ease the illness, which explains the picture book she made. The doctor fetch the book and gives it to Freminet, who is determined to finish the story for her and give it a happy ending. The Traveler, Paimon, Freminet, and [[Thelxie]] return to the underwater ruins to continue the story and "reclaim" the crown from the monsters.

They return to Zuria's home with Thelxie's crown and tell Zuria it is time to attend his coronation. Zuria draws the last page of the picture book as Paimon and Freminet narrated the ending Thelxie's adventure, ending it with Thelxie's mother placing the crown on his head. To the group's surprise, Zuria is seen to be communicating with Thelxie. Freminet tells the Traveler to put on his diving helmet to understand Thelxie. The Traveler realizes Zuria is talking to Lescot. Lescot asks her to sing him a lullaby before he can return to his dream and to the Kingdom of Water Imps in peace. She ensures him that she will never forget him and her love is greater than their distance. They both hug and Lescot wishes her a good night.

Three days later, Freminet tells the Traveler and Paimon that Zuria has returned to the city in high spirits to finish her art exhibition and work with her doctor to exhibit some picture books related to the illness hoping to help others going through the same illness. She also gave the Traveler a copy of the picture book for them to keep. She also tells Freminet about what she experienced three days ago, she was finally able to bid farewell to her son and felt like she was healed by some mystical power. He believes that perhaps fantasy is not just a fantasy and hope that everyone who's found themselves in a dark place would be able to see something beautiful, and experience a miracle for themselves.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Miraculous Crown
|zhs     = 奇迹的冠冕
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 奇蹟的冠冕
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 奇跡の冠
|ja_rm   = Kiseki no Kanmuri
|ja_tl   = Miraculous Crown
|ko      = 기적의 대관식
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La corona milagrosa
|es_tl   = The Miraculous Crown
|fr      = Une couronne miraculeuse
|fr_tl   = A Miraculous Crown
|ru      = Чудесная диадема
|ru_tl   = Miraculous Diadem
|th      = มงกุฎแห่งปาฏิหาริย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vương Miện Của Phép Màu
|vi_tl   = The Miraculous Crown
|de      = Die Krone der Wunder
|de_tl   = The Crown of Miracles
|id      = Mahkota Ajaib
|id_tl   = Miraculous Crown
|pt      = Coroa Milagrosa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mucizevi Taç
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Corona miracolosa
|it_tl   = Miraculous Crown
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}
[[es:La corona milagrosa]]
[[pt-br:Coroa Milagrosa]]