{{Act Infobox
|image          = Secret Summer Paradise Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Secret Summer Paradise
|actNum         = II
|prev           = An Invitation From Afar!
|next           = Dreams and First Encounters!
}}
'''Mirage Paradise in Crisis!''' is the second act of the [[Secret Summer Paradise]] event.

==Quests==
# [[Fairground Gathering, Summer Lights Illuminated]]

==Summary==
{{Description|Everyone is collecting scattered components to repair the huge central hub in the Veluriyam Mirage. During this time, you even discover some key clues...}}
;Fairground Gathering, Summer Lights Illuminated

The next morning, the Traveler and Paimon greets Collei, Eula, and Idyia after waking up. Eula tells them they are all are going to the fairgrounds that Eula and Collei found yesterday. Eula tells Idyia that she's joining them this time because the manager of the fairgrounds wants to see her.

When they arrive at the fairgrounds, [[Maymunah]], a [[Spantamad]] scholar, greets them and tells them to follow her. They are all arrive in the abandoned fairgrounds tent. Maymunah explains that it was a bustling place until "the world was suddenly flipped upside down". Something also fell from the central hub into the tent and knocked down the Crystal Light hanging above it, that causes the [[Hydro Eidolon]]s to be trapped inside. [[Lessig|a man from the Lawrence Clan]] offered his assistance but he refused to hear any of Maymunah's warning to not enter the tent, which caused him to be trapped inside too.

As they enter the tent, Maymunah explains that the whole tent is altered since the incident and all the lights have fallen down. They all goes to fix the lights and finally find injured Lessig. Lessig refuses Eula's help and she threatens to left him there. Idyia gives them both a candy to lightens the mood, and Lessig finally admits his mistake. Idyia decides to stay behind to help Lessig, while everyone continue to fix the lights.

After fixing more lights, they finally arrives at the top level. Maymunah tells them that the collapsed stage reminds her of when she helped her father with the festivities in the [[Grand Bazaar]] and the reason she came to the Veluriyam Mirage is because she want to run her own festival and become her true self. But she later found out that it is harder than what she imagined. After raising the Crystal Light, the trapped Hydro Eidolons are set free and the fairgrounds are now lively again as it was.

They reunite with Idyia and Lessig outside the tent. Lessig apologizes to Eula and admits that he came to the domain to restore the glory of Lawrence Clan. But during his journey, he realized that nobody cares about the Lawrence Clan, which made him to question his upbringings. Maymunah then gives them the Central Hub component, a [[Familiar-Looking Candy Box|candy box]].

After returning to the Silver Bottle Courtyard, the Traveler and Paimon talks with Kokomi. Kokomi reveals that the reason she came to this domain is because she is looking for a relic known as the Shinrou Casket that was lost from the Watatsumi Island long ago. All the clues leads her to the Veluriyam Mirage. Collei and Eula comes over and invites them for snacks to end the day.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mirage Paradise in Crisis!
|zhs     = 蜃境乐园大危机！
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 蜃境樂園大危機！
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 蜃境楽園大ピンチ！
|ja_rm   = Shinkyou Rakuen Dai-pinchi!{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 신기루 낙원 대위기!
|ko_tl   = Mirage Paradise Crisis!
|es      = ¡La crisis en la tierra de los espejismos!
|es_tl   = Crisis in the Land of Mirages!
|fr      = Crise au paradis miragé !
|fr_tl   = Crisis at the Mirage Paradise!
|ru      = Переполох в саду призрачных зеркал!
|ru_tl   = Commotion in the Garden of Illusory Mirrors!
|th      = วิกฤตสวนสนุกในแดนมายา!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguy Hiểm Trong Vườn Hè!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Große Krise im Paradies der Mirage!
|de_tl   = Major Crisis in the Mirage's Paradise!
|id      = Bahaya di Taman Cermin Khayalan!
|id_tl   = Danger at the Imaginary Mirror Garden!
|pt      = Crise na Miragem Paradisíaca!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Serap Cennetinde Kriz!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Paradiso dei miraggi in crisi!
|it_tl   = Mirage Paradise in Crisis!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Crise na Miragem Paradisíaca!]]