{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20511; 20512; 20513
|part          = 1
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Anthony
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Anthony; Paimon; Traveler
|other         = 
*Can be completed three times, after which you can receive the achievement [[Marvelous Medicine]] by completing [[Recuperating From a Severe Illness]].
*AR-Dependent Rewards
|next          = Recuperating From a Severe Illness
|nextNote      = After completing three times
}}
'''''Miracle Medicine''''' is a three-time only [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].
==Summary==
====Part One====
[[Anthony]]'s sister, [[Anna]], has always been sickly, and they have yet to find a cure. This time, Anthony's heard of a skilled doctor in [[Liyue Harbor]] who might be able to help. He managed to get a prescription, but it's full of unusual ingredients. Unsure, but willing to give it a try, Anthony asks the Traveler and Paimon to bring back a Dendro-Processed Berry for the cure.

====Part Two====
To Anthony's surprise, the cure worked, and Anna claims to be feeling better. The next part of the prescription asks for Thick Hydro Slime Condensate, which Anthony commissions the Traveler and Paimon to collect from a Large Hydro Slime. Even though the cure seems dubious, Anthony's willing to try for Anna's sake.

====Part Three====
Anna's improvement convinces Anthony of the doctor's authenticity. He needs more ingredients again, and hopes the Traveler and Paimon can bring back a Wind-Caressed Aster.

==Steps==
====Part One====
#Talk to Anthony
#Check on the state of the berries
#Acquire a [[Dendro-Processed Berry]]
#Talk to Anthony

====Part Two====
#Talk to Anthony
#Acquire some [[Thick Hydro Slime Condensate]]
#*Obtained after defeating the Large Hydro Slime
#Talk to Anthony

====Part Three====
#Talk to Anthony
#Acquire a [[Wind-Caressed Aster]]
#Talk to Anthony

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Anthony]] requested a prescription from a master physician in [[Liyue Harbor]] that can be used to heal Anna.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
===Part One===
;(Talk to Anthony)
:'''Anthony:''' Will this prescription really work...?
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Anthony:''' Traveler! You've got great timing. I was just in a spot of bother.
:'''Anthony:''' Here's the thing. You remember my younger sister, Anna, right? She's always been sickly, and nothing's managed to cure her.
:'''Anthony:''' But I heard that there's an incredible doctor in Liyue Harbor who is especially skilled at curing the incurable. So, I asked someone to help me get a prescription from him.
:'''Anthony:''' The ingredients are all very unusual... but I suppose I can only give it a shot.
:'''Anthony:''' Um, let me see... Could you help me find a Dendro-Processed Berry?
:{{DIcon}} There's such a thing?
::'''Anthony:''' I have no clue either! Do Dendro Slimes really eat berries...
::'''Anthony:''' Either way, I'm counting on you! I do know of a place where both Slimes and berries may be found.
::'''Anthony:''' Please help me take a look. I hope you'll find it...
:{{DIcon}} This doctor's a quack.
::'''Anthony:''' So you think so too, huh? But I don't have any other options.
::'''Anthony:''' I know of a place where you can find both Slimes and berries. Could you please go have a look for me?
::'''Anthony:''' I'll try the medication that we make first. No matter what, I can't let Anna's condition get any worse.
:{{DIcon}} I could just catch a Dendro Slime for you.
::'''Anthony:''' Huh... What? Are you telling me to stuff the berry into the Dendro Slimes's mouth myself?
::'''Anthony:''' Spare me, please! The last time I went picking herbs for Anna's medication, a group of Dendro Slimes chased me all the way to Springvale!
::'''Anthony:''' I know of a place where you can find both Slimes and berries. Please go have a look for me, will you? I hope you find something...
::'''Anthony:''' But... i–if you really can't find anything, then for Anna's sake... J–just catch a Dendro Slime and bring it back here. I can do it. I... I will do it!
;(Talk to Anthony before continuing quest)
:'''Anthony:''' Have you found it yet?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:'''Anthony:''' Please hurry. With Anna's condition, we can't afford to delay...
----
;(Check on the state of the berries)
:'''Paimon:''' Must be berries. But... some are missing...
:'''Paimon:''' Do Dendro slimes really eat berries?
:'''Paimon:''' Track it down with Elemental Sight!
----
;(Obtain a [[Dendro-Processed Berry]])
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Seems like a regular berry to Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever, let's take it back to Anthony anyway.
----
;(Talk to Anthony)
:'''Anthony:''' Have you found it yet?
:{{DIcon}} Yup.
:'''Anthony:''' Is that it? It really doesn't look any different...
:'''Anthony:''' However you look at it, this is just an ordinary berry...
:'''Anthony:''' Forget it. Since that's the doctor's orders, let's follow the prescription to the letter.
:'''Anthony:''' Thank you. This is for your trouble.
:'''Anthony:''' I might need to bother you again in the future. When that happens, please don't decline.

===Part Two===
;(Talk to Anthony)
:'''Anthony:''' This prescription's just getting weirder...
:{{DIcon}} How's Anna doing?
:'''Anthony:''' Oh, it's you. Well, it might sound hard to believe, but Anna says that she's been feeling much better.
:'''Anthony:''' Perhaps that doctor's prescription is really working? I can scarcely believe it myself.
:'''Anthony:''' Well, regardless of whether it's true or not, it's best to keep going.
:'''Anthony:''' The prescription this time is... Hmm. Could you help me find "the thick condensate of a Hydro Slime?"
:{{DIcon}} This one sounds normal enough.
::'''Anthony:''' Um, really? I actually think the opposite is true.
::'''Anthony:''' But at least it's easy to find. I've asked around, and they say that you can get Thick Condensate just by defeating Large Slimes.
::'''Anthony:''' I've heard Jack say that you can lure Large Slimes out by constantly defeating smaller ones.
::'''Anthony:''' I don't have that kind of combat skill, so I'm counting on you!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, this one might be edible.
::'''Anthony:''' And how do you know that? Have you tried it before? ...Um, why aren't you saying anything?
::'''Anthony:''' Whatever. Hydro Slimes should be quite easy to find. I've asked around, and others have said that you can get Thick Condensate by defeating Large Slimes.
::'''Anthony:''' I've heard Jack say that you can lure Large Slimes out by constantly defeating smaller ones.
::'''Anthony:''' I don't have that kind of combat skill, so I'm counting on you!
:{{DIcon}} I know where to get some.
::'''Anthony:''' Well, that's good. Looks like you're well-versed in dealing with Slimes.
::'''Anthony:''' Thanks for agreeing to help. You should be able to get some Thick Condensate just by defeating Large Slimes <!--no period in ingame text-->
::'''Anthony:''' I've heard Jack say that you can lure Large Slimes out by constantly defeating smaller ones.
::'''Anthony:''' Well then, best of luck to you!

;(Talk to Anthony again)
:'''Anthony:''' Have you found it yet?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, no.
:'''Anthony:''' Well, it is combat we're talking about. Take some time to prepare, and I'll see you again.
----
;(Encountering the Hydro slimes)
:'''Paimon:''' Aha! There's our slime. (Traveler), you know what to do.
;(Encountering the Large Hydro slime)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, what a huge Hydro slime! So, whenever you're ready...
;(Obtain [[Thick Hydro Slime Condensate]])
----
;(Talk to Anthony)
:'''Anthony:''' Have you found it yet?
:{{DIcon}} I sure have.
:'''Anthony:''' This... really does look quite rich.
:'''Anthony:''' Can you really use this to make medicine? I'll try it myself once it's done.
:'''Anthony:''' If anything happens to me, please take Anna...
:'''Anthony:''' ...and place her in the care of Sister Grace.
:'''Anthony:''' Tell her that I've gone to work somewhere far abroad. Please, that is my final request.
:{{DIcon}} Hey, hey. You're giving yourself a scare.
:'''Anthony:''' But this medicine does look that scary! Whatever the case, take this first.
:'''Anthony:''' And remember what I said!

===Part Three===
;(Talk to Anthony)
:'''Anthony:''' This one looks normal enough...
:{{DIcon}} You look quite well.
:'''Anthony:''' Yes, well, I guess I was just giving myself a fright.
:'''Anthony:''' Anna's looking better by the day. This doctor really is the real deal.
:'''Anthony:''' If you're willing, could you help me find more ingredients? This time, we need a Wind-Caressed Aster.
:{{DIcon}} That doesn't sound like medicine.
::'''Anthony:''' Well, Windwheel Asters are sometimes used in medicine, but it's usually used to heal minor ailments.
::'''Anthony:''' Maybe the Anemo Slime is the key, but Windwheel Asters and Anemo Slimes aren't really seen together often.
::'''Anthony:''' Luckily, Jack has seen this happen a few times before, and he has related their rough locations to me. Let me mark the latest one out on your map.
::'''Anthony:''' I can't deal with Anemo Slimes since they can fly, so I can only turn to you!
:{{DIcon}} This is quite like Mondstadt.
::'''Anthony:''' I wouldn't argue with you, but Windwheel Asters and Anemo Slimes aren't seen together often.
::'''Anthony:''' Fortunately, Jack has seen this happen a few times before, and he has related their rough locations to me. Let me mark the latest one out on your map.
::'''Anthony:''' I really can't fight Anemo Slimes, since they can fly, so I can only count on you!
:{{DIcon}} I'll just catch an Anemo Slime for you.
::'''Anthony:''' You just want to watch me embarrass myself, don't you?
::'''Anthony:''' Nonetheless, Windwheel Asters and Anemo Slimes aren't seen together often.
::'''Anthony:''' Fortunately, Jack has seen this happen a few times before, and he has related their rough locations to me. Let me mark the latest one out on your map.
::'''Anthony:''' If you really can't find it, then bring an Anemo Slime back. I'll do anything for Anna.
;(Talk to Anthony again)
:'''Anthony:''' Have you found it yet?
:{{DIcon}} No, not yet.
:'''Anthony:''' Well. it is combat we're talking about. Take some time to prepare, and I'll see you again.
----
;(Upon reaching the location)
:'''Paimon:''' It's an Anemo slime. And a Windwheel Aster...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go grab that Windwheel Aster!
;(Obtain a [[Wind-Caressed Aster]])
----
;(Talk to Anthony)
:'''Anthony:''' Have you found it yet?
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:'''Anthony:''' Huh. This Windwheel Aster does feel different from normal.
:'''Anthony:''' Hahaha. Don't ask me why, but I have a feeling that if Anna eats this medicine, she will certainly get well.
:'''Anthony:''' Maybe her recent improvement's been getting my hopes up.
:'''Anthony:''' All the same, thank you so much. Take this as compensation for your trouble.
:{{DIcon}} Hope Anna gets well.
:'''Anthony:''' Thank you. She will.
:'''Anthony:''' I have always believed so.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Miracle Medicine
|zhs     = 奇药庐中来
|zhs_rm  = Qí Yào Lú Zhōng Lái
|zht     = 奇藥廬中來
|zht_rm  = Qí Yào Lú Zhōng Lái
|zh_tl   = Wonderful Medicine from the Pharmacy
|ja      = 不思議な薬
|ja_rm   = Fushigina Kusuri
|ja_tl   = Wonderful Medicine
|ko      = 불가사의한 약
|ko_rm   = Bulgasa'uihan Yak
|ko_tl   = Mysterious Medicine
|es      = Medicina milagrosa
|es_tl   = Miraculous Medicine
|fr      = Remèdes en tout genre
|fr_tl   = Remedies of All Kinds
|ru      = Прямиком из чудесной лавки травника
|ru_tl   = Straight from the Wonderful Herbalist Bench
|th      = ยาวิเศษ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Magical Medicine
|vi      = Thuốc Thần Kỳ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wundermedizin
|de_tl   = Wonder Medicine
|id      = Obat Ajaib
|id_tl   = Miraclous Medicine
|pt      = Remédio Milagroso
|pt_tl   = Miraculous Remedy
|tr      = Mucizevi İlaç
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Medicina miracolosa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:Medicina milagrosa]]
[[pt-br:Remédio Milagroso]]
[[ru:Прямиком из чудесной лавки травника]]