{{Location Infobox
|image        = Missing Person Bulletin Board.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|type2        = Bulletin Board
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Narukami Island
|subarea      = Konda Village
}}
The '''Missing Person Bulletin Boards''' are road signs present around [[Konda Village]], on [[Narukami Island]]. Upon completion of ''[[The Farmer's Treasure]]'', the bulletin boards can no longer be interacted with.

==Locations==
* Near Konda Village's south bridge.
* Along the path going through [[Byakko Plain]], near a [[Thunder Barrier]].
* At the crossroads north of the [[Teleport Waypoint]] of Byakko Plain.
** If ''The Farmer's Treasure'' has not been completed, [[Saimon Katsumi]] will be near the sign and automatically introduce himself when approaching it for the first time.
* Along the shoreline path from Byakko Plain to [[Chinju Forest]], on the beach north of the shallow waters.
* At the crossroads southwest of [[Mt. Yougou]]'s abandoned temple, near [[Shinozuka]].

==Text==
It has been over a year since my son, [[Saimon Jirou]], joined the army. He would write letters to us from time to time, and though he has not accomplished much of great note, he would relate everything that happened to him in the army, which comforted this old man's heart greatly.

The war has continued apace, and my son, who has accomplished little, has stopped sending any letters. This lack of contact has greatly disturbed and wounded this old man's spirit.

I beseech any who see the notice to help me search for my son. If you know of his whereabouts, whether he ekes out some existence somewhere or has had the fortune of dying for his nation, please let me know, that I may have peace in my heart.

If you have anything to discuss, I, [[Saimon Katsumi]] give you my sincere thanks.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Missing Person Bulletin Board
|zhs     = 寻人告示板
|zhs_rm  = Xún Rén Gàoshi Bǎn
|zht     = 尋人告示板
|zht_rm  = Xún Rén Gàoshi Bǎn
|ja      = 尋ね人の掲示板
|ja_rm   = Tazunebito no Keijiban
|ko      = 사람 찾기 게시판
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Tablón de personas desaparecidas
|fr      = Tableau de personnes disparues
|ru      = Доска объявлений
|th      = ป้ายประกาศตามหาคนหาย
|th_rm   = Paiprakat Tamha Khon Hai
|vi      = Bảng Cáo Thị Tìm Người
|de      = Anschlagtafel für vermisste Personen
|id      = Papan Pengumuman Orang Hilang
|pt      = Quadro de Pessoas Desaparecidas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Inazuma}}