{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Molli.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = Autumn 
|motherNote       = biological mother
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Benoit Leroy
|relativeNote     = adoptive-grandfather
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Molli''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Leroy: Firing Squad}}, and following quests.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Molli is the daughter of [[Autumn]] and her second husband, and the adoptive granddaughter of [[Benoit Leroy]]. After Autumn murdered her abusive husband and was sent to the [[Fortress of Meropide]], she entrusted Benoit with custody over her daughter, but instead of taking care of her like he was supposed to, Benoit gave her away to a rich family and kept the money intended for child support to himself. Benoit blackmailed the rich family and maintained regular contact with Molli, who was unaware of her relation to Benoit. Meanwhile, Autumn escaped the Fortress of Meropide and looked everywhere for clues as to her daughter's whereabouts, but was unable to find any.

When the Traveler witnesses Autumn and [[Athos (Fontaine)|Athos]] confronting Benoit, if the Traveler chose to let them kill Benoit, he refuses to disclose the whereabouts of Autumn's daughter before being killed. If the Traveler chose to protect Benoit, Benoit instead attempts to curry favor with Autumn by revealing Molli is living happily with her current adoptive family, which causes Autumn to hesitate to kill him. In either case, the next day, Molli encounters Autumn and Athos, and their shared eye color allows Autumn to deduce that Molli is her missing daughter. Autumn, seeing Molli is happy with her current family, opts to not disclose that she is Molli's mother and let her live her life.

===Appearance===
Molli has light brown hair and lavender eyes, and wears traditional Fontainian clothing. She shares her hair color and eye color with [[Morticia|her mother]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Molli
|zhs     = 茉莉
|zhs_rm  = Mòlì
|zht     = 茉莉
|zht_rm  = Mòlì
|ja      = モリィ
|ja_rm   = Morii
|ko      = 모리
|es      = Moli
|fr      = Molli
|ru      = Молли
|th      = Molli
|vi      = Molli
|de      = Molli
|id      = Molli
|pt      = Moli
|tr      = Molli
|it      = Molli
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->