{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Moment of Judgment.png
|set   = Marechaussee Hunter
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A standard pocket watch. Its accuracy is not particularly high.}}
'''Moment of Judgment''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Marechaussee Hunter]].

==Description==
This pocket watch was once given to the enforcers of [[Fontaine]]'s justice.<br>
It is not a particularly accurate watch,<br>
But it can be used as a badge while on duty,<br>
And it was once nigh-universally recognized across Fontaine.

The news of the Great Magician "[[Parsifal the Great|Parsifal]]" requesting a trial by combat spread via the newspapers,<br>
And this demand, alongside her [[Poisson|unexpected transgression]], caused quite the furor in the [[Court of Fontaine]].<br>
The court's agreement and person of choice caused a yet greater uproar.<br>
Champion Duelist [[Marfisa]] was selected as the prosecution's representative in the duel.<br>
Would Marfisa's origin disrupt either her judgment or performance during the duel?<br>
What of her past connection to Parsifal? And most commonly understood...<br>
Which of them was the stronger fighter? Such were the questions people reveled in discussing.

[[Karl Ingold]], a journalist who once knew "Parsifal," had since retired,<br>
And had resolved to never again take up such work, taking instead the company of explorers and their wilds, their wrecks, and their ruins.<br>
But perhaps out of professional pride or an old memory, he had always treasured the pictures he took as a journalist.
Years later, when answering an invitation to meet old friends, sent by the [[Basil Elton|Vice Director]] of the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]],<br>
Upon looking upon the faces on the other side of the shutters as he took a [[Unlocked "Treasure"|group picture]] of the [[Lyris|then]]-[[Basil Elton|members]] [[Mary-Ann|of]] [[Alain Guillotin|the]] [[Rene|Narzissenkreuz]] [[Jakob|Institute]],<br>
He thought of how he had once passed back and forth between [[Poisson]] and the Court of Fontaine many times with such hope in his heart.<br>
Those several months passed by like a dream — some would consider that too long, and others, too short.<br>
He remembered his younger self, who would not give up, no matter how many people told him to escape,<br>
No matter how the circumstances arose like a flood that might end everything and slowly blot out the light.<br>
He remembered the many smiles he saw through the viewfinder, all their fanciful thoughts concerning the future he had heard,<br>
And afterwards, the cries, sounds of fracturing and metallic clashes that sounded faintly from beyond the stone floor.<br>
And as he recalled the girl who used a "trick" to forcibly shift herself to a dark, safe cavern,<br>
Only then did the regret of not having recorded her final battle engulf his vision.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Moment of Judgment
|zhs     = 裁判的时刻
|zhs_rm  = Cáipàn de Shíkè
|zht     = 裁判的時刻
|zht_rm  = Cáipàn de Shíkè
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 審判の刻
|ja_rm   = Shinpan no Toki
|ja_tl   = Moment of Judgment
|ko      = 심판의 시간
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Reloj del Veredicto
|es_tl   = Watch of the Verdict
|fr      = Moment du jugement
|fr_tl   = Moment of Judgment
|ru      = Мгновение правосудия
|ru_tl   = Moment of Justice
|th      = Moment of Judgment
|vi      = Thời Khắc Của Phán Quyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Moment des Urteils
|de_tl   = Moment of Judgment
|id      = Moment of Judgment
|pt      = Momento do Julgamento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yargı Anı
|tr_tl   = Judgment Moment
|it      = Momento del giudizio
|it_tl   = Moment of Judgment
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Marechaussee Hunter}}

[[fr:Moment du jugement]]
[[ja:審判の刻]]
[[tr:Yargı Anı]]
[[uk:Момент суду]]
[[vi:Thời Khắc Của Phán Quyết]]
[[zh:裁判的時刻]]