{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Moment of Attainment.png
|set   = Unfinished Reverie
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A sundial used by an ancient kingdom to tell time. Tiny marks have been left at a certain scale that can only be seen through careful observation.}}
'''Moment of Attainment''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Unfinished Reverie]].

==Description==
One of the things that bedevils researchers who study relics is how,<br>
Among the many sundials recovered from the ancient ash-covered ruins of the city,<br>
They would, for some reason, find an engraving made in exactly the same spot by a burin.

[[Nanatzcayan|Those who came from the canyons]] believed it was a time for those who had broken with their faith to light the [[Nightsoul Totem|obsidian pillars]] once more.<br>
That day, the one acting on behalf of the leaders of the [[Natlan Tribes|tribes]], the daughter of the mines, [[Sakkuk]], sent the wandering spirits back to the [[Night Kingdom|realm of the night]].<br>
[[Huitztlan|Those who came from the hanging trees]] believed it was a time for those who had forsaken their contract to sign it once more with the [[Saurian|Saurians]] of the six tribes.<br>
That day, the great hero trusted by all warriors, the taciturn [[Yupanqui]], used his [[Earth Shaker|sword]] to shatter the shackles binding the Saurian's neck.<br>
[[Meztli|Those who came from the spring's source]] believed it was a time for those who had forgotten their past to listen anew to the echoes of the waves.<br>
That day, the elder of the twin heroes, the eloquent [[Atawallpa]], rekindled the desire of all for past glories.<br>
[[Collective of Plenty|Those who came from the fertile lands]] believed it was a time for the oppressed to rise from the earth once more.<br>
On that day, the younger of the twin heroes, the champion [[Waskar]], stood first against the torrent of darkness.<br>
[[Flower-Feather Clan|Those who came from the mountain peaks]] believed it was a time for those who had been caged to return to freedom's nest once more.<br>
That day, the [[Scarlet-Eyed Hero|scarlet-eyed hero]] summoned the [[Ronova|god]]'s fiery wrath, burnt the [[Ochkanatlan|corroded city]] to ash, and restored the tribe to its own.

Only the one present who came from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind|mysterious smoke]], [[the youth]] who knew the hidden secrets, remained silent.<br>
Alone, the image painted on the blanched scroll came to mind. It is said that was a time when a black shadow shrouded the sun.<br>
The heroes who had long prepared for this moment seized the opportunity to overthrow the [[Och-Kan|insane king]] before the empty throne.<br>
In the non-mainstream, unofficial histories, the man behind the plan was a [[Masterful Craftsman|skilled artisan]] who left no name behind.

"But the artisan left behind not a single word in the war that returned authority to the tribes<br>
And afterward, he disappeared without a trace from the old stories, covered by layer upon narrative layer."

The youth smoothed over the nearly identical scratches on the sundials with his hand.<br>
Imagining a time, unnumbered sunsets before, after the date to execute the plan had been agreed upon, those hands that might not ever have existed,<br>
And the moment the owner of those hands had engraved those marks upon the sundials.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Moment of Attainment
|zhs      = 举业的识刻
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 舉業的識刻
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 大業を成す刻
|ja_rm    = Oowaza wo Nasu Toki
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 대업의 시간
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Momento de Aprehensión
|es_tl    = Moment of Realization
|fr       = Instant de réalisation
|fr_tl    = Moment of Realization
|ru       = Момент обретения
|ru_tl    = Moment of Acquisition
|th       = Moment of Attainment
|vi       = Thời Khắc Của Đạt Thành
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Augenblick des Erfolgs
|de_tl    = Moment of Success
|id       = Moment of Attainment
|pt       = Momento de Conquista
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Zafer Anı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Momento di conquista
|it_tl    = Moment of Conquest
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Unfinished Reverie}}

[[fr:Instant de réalisation]]
[[ja:大業を成す刻]]
[[tr:Zafer Anı]]
[[vi:Thời Khắc Của Đạt Thành]]
[[zh:舉業的識刻]]