{{Quest Infobox
|id              = 75137
|image           = World Quest Moment of Awakening.png
|type            = World
|chapter         = Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm
|act             = The Tonatiuh Quivers
|actNum          = III
|part            = 2
|requirement     = 
|characters      = Bona; Cocouik; Copan; Legba; Little One; Och-Kan; Paimon; Titu; Traveler; Kukulkan
|startLocation   = [[Ochkanatlan]], [[Natlan]]
|region          = Natlan
|area            = Ochkanatlan
|subarea         = 
|prev            = The Other Side of the Sky
|next            = The Chosen One's Promise (Quest)
|rewards         = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|dialogueRewards = Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)*1
|otherRewards    = 
}}
'''''Moment of Awakening''''' is the second part of {{Quest|The Tonatiuh Quivers}}.

==Steps==
# Track the [[Dragon of the City of Flowing Ash|evil dragon]] down
# Defeat the evil dragon
#* {{Enemy|Holawaqa Ngoubou|text=Och-Kan &mdash; Tide-Turning Sacred Lord|link=Och-Kan (Enemy)}}
# Talk to the "evil dragon"
# Look for answers within [[Och-Kan]]'s memories
# Obtain the [[Golden Entreaty]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 4, the player will play from a first-person point of view.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check conditional dialogue requirements}}
{{Quest Description|To get the Jade of Return, you chase the evil dragon all the way to the very end...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the cliff edge)
:'''Paimon:''' Finally! We've got you this time!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, evil dragon, you've pushed your luck twice already, but the third time's not the charm! Now, give us back our stuff!
:{{DIcon}} Or else we'll show you no mercy!
:{{DIcon}} And don't even think about stalling for time!
:'''Cocouik:''' Chee... Kuchee!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right... Uh, what was that, [[Coco]]?
:{{Black Screen|...Travelers from afar, thank you for bring me here...}}
:{{Black Screen|O lost king... The cruel night is about to pass, and the Chosen of Dragons will bring forth the dawn. Now, arise &mdash; awaken from your nightmare...}}
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? {{Traveler}}, who are you talking to?
:{{DIcon}} Cocouik, is that you speaking?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Coco's been making these funny noises, but Paimon can't make out what it's saying... {{Traveler}}, did you hear something?
:{{Black Screen|My name... is Och-Kan... Once-ruler of [[Natlan]], whose mind was infused into this city...}}
:{{Black Screen|When [[Ochkanatlan]]'s end came, I swallowed the bitter fruit of deadly poison... [[Abyss|The poison]] devoured my soul, transforming it into a dragon furious and fell...}}
:{{Black Screen|My end is near. I have finally found the chance... save... my soul...}}
:{{DIcon}} What are you going to do?
:{{Black Screen|The poison... I shall purge it all... And then... you will...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! What are you doing, Coco!? Don't go there!

;(During the fight)
:{{Black Screen|This is the one... My old soul?... Agh, it hurts...}}

;(When Och-Kan uses Golden Flame)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, when did you secretly learn this "Super Awesomesauce Laser" thingamajig?

;(After defeating the dragon)
:'''???:''' Finally, after all these years &mdash; I have awakened...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh?! Who are you? How did you gain the ability to speak?
:'''???:''' What a long journey it has been. {{Traveler}}, Paimon... It is a pleasure to meet you.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so you still recognize us! Great! So who are you now, then? Can Paimon still call you Cocouik?
:{{DIcon}} You're Och-Kan, then?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Do you mean the Python King &mdash; the same one who used to rule all Ochkanatlan?
::'''Paimon:''' But didn't Cocouik turn into that? And it still recognizes us &mdash; wait, doesn't this mean that this is Cocouik's true...
::'''Och-Kan:''' Coco... Yes. That's what [[Bona|that girl]] called me &mdash; the one who woke me up from the [[Core of Chu'ulel]]... But I could not save her...
::'''Och-Kan:''' Hundreds of years have passed since then... and at last, I've finally found my old body.
:{{DIcon}} "Cocouik"...
::'''???:''' Cocouik... Yes. Yes. That's what that girl called me &mdash; the one who woke me up from the Core of Chu'ulel... But I could not save her...
::'''???:''' Hundreds of years have passed since then... and at last, I've finally found my old body.
::'''Och-Kan:''' Just call me Och-Kan, please.
::'''Paimon:''' Err, are you saying that you're the same Python King who used to rule all Ochkanatlan? But Cocouik turned into you... So all along, it was&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, do you mean that Bona awakened you hundreds of years ago?
:'''Paimon:''' That... can't be! We just came on an adventure here with her. She couldn't have been alive for so long, could she?
:'''Och-Kan:''' Truly? I could be mistaken... My present memories are as numerous as they are a mess, and I fear I remember things from before far better than my adventures as Cocouik...
:{{DIcon}} Can we still count on you as a comrade, then?
:;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was completed)
:::'''Och-Kan:''' Certainly. That is, if you remain willing to accept me... I once split my mind off to protect the people of Ochkanatlan...
:;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was not completed)
:::'''Och-Kan:''' Certainly! That is, if you'd still have me... I once split my mind off to protect the people of Ochkanatlan...

:{{DIcon}} You won't oppose us, will you?
::'''Och-Kan:''' Surely not! That is, if you would still accept me... I once split my mind off to protect the people of Ochkanatlan...
:'''Och-Kan:''' I never expected my spirit and body to both be swallowed up by the [[Abyss]]... To be used by [[Kukulkan|"that person"]] to commit such an awful litany of crimes...
:'''Och-Kan:''' Though my sins cannot be washed away like this Abyssal filth can, this nightmare has finally come to an end &mdash; thanks to you.
:'''Paimon:''' Who's this "person" you're mentioning? Bona mentioned that earlier while we were on the [[Tonatiuh]] too. Is there someone pulling the strings behind the scenes whom we don't know about?
;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was completed)
::'''Och-Kan:''' Heh. Since you're here, you must've already met "that person." You do possess this Golden Entreaty, after all.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right. In fact, we only got here because that wicked dragon stole our Golden Entreaty... Hang on, guess we shouldn't call it "wicked" from now on, huh?
;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was not completed)
::'''Och-Kan:''' Heh. Since you're here, you must've already met "that person." You did obtain this... Golden Entreaty, after all.
::'''Paimon:''' "Golden Treaty," you say... Do you mean this Jade of Return?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, now that you say so, we only got here because that wicked dragon stole it... Hang on, guess we shouldn't call it "wicked" from now on, huh?
:{{DIcon}} I doubt it cares what you call it.
:{{DIcon}} Well, out with it, wicked dragon. Why'd you steal our token?
::'''Paimon:''' What? Seriously, you're so rude!
:'''Och-Kan:''' That Golden Entreaty... is very important.
;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Sure is. Based on what [[Manqu]] told us before, it can help cure {{Little One}}, but Bona said that it holds the key to quelling the Abyss.
;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was not completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Didn't Bona tell us that it's some kind of key for taming the Abyss?
:'''Och-Kan:''' The child is right: It can indeed tame the filth of the Abyss for all of Natlan... But not in the way that you imagine... Which is why I had to hide it on the ship...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean? That sounds kinda dangerous. Definitely not the sort of thing you'd use willy-nilly... Err, what should we do next, then?
:'''Och-Kan:''' Hmm. And another thing. Your companion there, that little [[Tepetlisaurus]]...
;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was completed)
::'''Paimon:''' You mean {{Little One}}?
::'''Och-Kan:''' Yes. {{Little One}}... is most similar to me...
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean? You look very different...
::'''Och-Kan:''' Our bloodlines both contain the [[Xiuhcoatl|Flamelord's Blessing]]...
::'''Och-Kan:''' So I believe that your friend will make the right choice... A Golden Entreaty is dangerous and important in equal measure, so you must go with it to the [[Great Volcano of Tollan|sacred mountain]]... And then, with it...
::'''Paimon:''' "And then, with it" what?
::'''Och-Kan:''' And then... Hmm. I cannot quite remember what comes next. Despite having all these memories, and many things I wish to say, nothing comes hither to my lips.
::'''Och-Kan:''' Is this because I've been plagued by nightmares for so long...? No. "That person" must be stirring the pot again.
::{{DIcon}} That tends to happen once you get older.
::{{DIcon}} We should get some rest first.
::'''Paimon:''' Uh, fine. Anyway, from what Paimon understands, you mean that we'll need to take these two tokens over to the volcano, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Looks like we've gotta get {{Little One}} to the volcano if we wanna get to the bottom of all this.
;(If [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]] was not completed)
::'''Och-Kan:''' Yes. {{Little One}}... is most similar to me...
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean? You look very different...
:;({{cx}})
:::'''Och-Kan:''' Our bloodlines have both inherited the Flamelord's Blessing... It is both a gift and a curse. Only by finding another Golden Entreaty and taking them to the volcano, can the Blessing's burden be lifted...
:::'''Paimon:''' That's the only way to remove it? *sigh* Poor little guy...
:::'''Och-Kan:''' The other Entreaty should still be in [[Hall of Parting Vows|the place of the vow]]... The merely ordinary cannot obtain it, but I believe that your little one shall make the right choices...
:;({{cx}})
:::'''Och-Kan:''' Our bloodlines have both inherited the Flamelord's Blessing... Only by finding another Golden Entreaty and taking it to the sacred mountain can...
:::'''Paimon:''' Can that mark be removed? So this is the token that Manqu told us about before, then?
:::'''Och-Kan:''' Remove the mark... Hmm, is that one<!--{{sic}}?--> that person told you... Ha... So be it. I believe it'll make the right choice...
::'''Och-Kan:''' A Golden Entreaty is as important as it is dangerous, so you have to take it to the sacred mountain... Only there can it serve its original purpose. Only there can it...
::'''Paimon:''' Can it what?
::'''Och-Kan:''' Only there can it... I can't quite remember what comes next. Despite having all these memories, and things I want to say, nothing seems to come out.
::'''Och-Kan:''' Perhaps my nightmares have plagued me for so long that... Or is it the work of the one who claims to command evolution...?
::{{DIcon}} That tends to happen once you get older.
::{{DIcon}} We should get some rest first.
::'''Paimon:''' Uh, fine. Anyway, from what Paimon understands, you mean that we'll need to take two tokens over to the volcano, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Looks like going with {{Little One}} to the volcano is the only way to get to the bottom of this secret.
:'''Och-Kan:''' My apologies. You've helped me so much, but I couldn't answer your question... That said, there is, perhaps, one way we could try to get your answer...
:'''Och-Kan:''' Please, step into my memories.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is that your plan?
:'''Och-Kan:''' I may have been lost within dreams, but everything that has ever happened in this city has been recorded by my two tainted eyes.
:'''Och-Kan:''' Since you could sense Cocouik's power, you should be able to sense my memories, too. Consider this my way of repaying your kindness.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
----
;(Enter memory)
:'''Copan:''' I never thought we'd actually make it this far. This must be the [[Altar of Primal Flame]] we were looking for. We can get to the Tonatiuh through here...
:'''Copan:''' Hah, I always figured this [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team|ragtag bunch of adventurers]] we put together would be wiped out before we even reached the top of the next hill.
:'''Titu:''' And we owe all that to our hero, the [[Taika|number-one adventurer]] in the [[Flower-Feather Clan]], eh?
:'''Titu:''' If he hadn't found the blueprints to Ochkanatlan, we'd probably still be wandering lost through some sewer.
:'''Copan:''' *sigh* Let's not bring that up again. How was I to know that this cursed place could foil every single positioning skill I ever learned?
:'''Legba:''' By the way, where's our young mystic [[Liriwu]] gone off to? I didn't see her when I got up this morning.
:'''Legba:''' She might've only joined up with us along the way, but she's come this far, and she's become part of the gang. We can't just leave her in the lurch.
:'''Titu:''' You don't have to worry about that at all. That kid's just hiding. Y'know, being scared and all.
:'''Titu:''' Last night, I happened to spy her sneaking out. I thought, well, we've no idea what could happen next, so it might just be safer to let her hide for the time being.
:'''Titu:''' I mean, compared to us fellas, she's just a kid with hardly any experience adventuring, so I found a safe tower in which to set her down.
:'''Titu:''' I'm thinking that we should go find her once everything's finished, of course. That is, if we make it back in one piece, haha...
:'''Legba:''' Haha, true, true. I mean, that device was built by a tyrant who plunged the whole nation into the Abyss for his selfish desires. Who knows what further traps await us?
:'''Legba:''' Plus, that evil dragon is probably lurking in the shadows somewhere, waiting for just the right moment to ambush us... Gotta stay on guard, no matter what.
:'''Legba:''' But still, this is all pretty exciting. If the legends about the Jade of Return are true and we can use it to quell the infernal Abyss, then the world can finally take a well-earned rest.
:'''Legba:''' *sigh* Ten years back, when [[Cataclysm|disaster]] came to [[Teyvat]], even the Pyro Archon sacrificed [[Mavuika|her]] life for the cause... It would mean so much if we could obtain something that can rid us of this Abyss once and for all.
:'''Copan:''' I'm not sure we should hold out too much hope here. If the Python King Och-Kan had something so powerful, how could the city have fallen into this state?
:'''Copan:''' Yo, looks like our hero's back.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Copan:''' Now, placing the [[Pyrophosphorite]] here will summon a guiding spirit to help us navigate.
:'''Copan:''' Y'know what? Once this adventure's all over, let's head back to the Flower-Feather Clan and see how that newborn baby girl of yours is doing. We'll paint the town!
:'''Copan:''' Her name's Bona, right? Haha, sounds like a mighty cute little kid. Who knows, she might just grow into an even better adventurer than you!
:{{Black Screen|"And yet, to defeat the threat of evil once and for all was naught but naive fantasy, for everything comes at a price... But the ones to blame are not those who harbor hope, but those who choose to take advantage of others..."}}
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Must you still wear that laughable mask when you meet with [[Kukulkan|me]], Och-Kan?
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' The time for you to make a choice has come. You have witnessed for yourself the hatred shown towards you by those you consider your people, your brethren.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' In their eyes, you are no different from any of the evil dragons who ruled over Natlan. Even now, they cry out for a new Pyro Archon to slay you.
:{{DIcon}} They simply have yet to understand...
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Is that so? If you were to ask me, you are the one whose comprehension fails. Your attempt to create a kingdom for humans alone is but wishful thinking.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Whether it be [[Yohualtecuhtin]], or the vishap kindreds &mdash; all have been written into the accords and stitched inextricably into the fabric of this land. You should have accepted the world you live in long ago.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Moreover, the blood of the Flamelord runs through your veins. You have betrayed [[Xbalanque]]'s oath to me, and tried to annihilate my people &mdash; but instead, you have opened the door to malevolent forces.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' How ironic, that the human king who yearned to destroy dragonkind is, in truth, the last dragon-heir to the blood of the ancient dragons in this, the land of primal flame! Is it hate that drives you, or fear?
:{{DIcon}} Be silent...
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Will you not admit it, then, my beloved son?
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Without the Flamelord's Blessing, how could you have infiltrated the Core of Chu'ulel and stolen the secrets of the dragons?
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' All these years, you have lied to others, and to yourself as well.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Truly disappointing. I thought you would be the one to slay the Pyro Dragon, ascending the throne of all Natlan and creating a new epoch for all dragonkind &mdash; and, of course, for all humanity...
:{{DIcon}} Humans have no place in the world you envisioned.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' A matter of interpretation, I say. Obsession with the individual is a human weakness &mdash; just like the fruit of your foolish hysteria. A sign of incomplete "evolution."
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' The borders of the world collapse. It begins here, and shall soon spread throughout all Natlan &mdash; until Teyvat is wholly plunged into darkness.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' You have failed, and humanity also. The only way forward is to honor Xbalanque's pact with me: Piece our Golden Entreaties together, and activate [[Huitzilopochtli]].
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Your people, those humans, might not survive the cataclysm... But after the scouring, a civilization will blossom that surpasses both that of dragons and humans.
:{{DIcon}} The Golden Entreaty is no longer here.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' What? Did you leave it behind on your toy ship, then? Ah, truly do you burn your bridges! Do you mean to doom the rest of the world, too, with these reckless fantasies of yours?
:{{DIcon}} Give up, foolish dragon.
::{{DIcon}} I will not betray the brave humans {{sic|who still|expected=who are still}} fighting on...
:::{{DIcon}} A world without humans is a world without meaning.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' You... truly foolish creature! Is all you have done born out of some deluded "hope"?
:{{DIcon}} Yes. So long as there's life, there's hope.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Be that as it may, it is naught but lingering on in agony. This is precisely what I did not {{sic|understood|expected=understand}} about humans.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Hope saw you defeat the dragons, and equally, it saw you plunge yourselves into a neverending war...
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Haha, it seems you are human through and through.
:'''A Somewhat Strange Noise:''' Fair enough, then. This might be the last time we meet. I cannot predict what fate awaits you, but as part of my experiment, I will return to collect your soul.
:{{DIcon}} Suit yourself.
::{{DIcon}} There are sins I must atone for.
:{{Black Screen|"To save my people, I sealed my mind into the Core of Chu'ulel and fought alongside them within this city... Yet I never thought that my body and soul would turn against me... That I would come to harm even more people..."}}
:'''Bona:''' Ah, so that's the truth, then. Looks like my suspicions weren't far off.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Bona:''' So not only is this NOT the secret Abyss-taming treasure, but based on the inscriptions carved into it, it is hazardous and should not be touched.
:'''Bona:''' As the world was plunged into disaster triggered by the [[Khaenri'ah|subterranean kingdom]], so amidst chaos was this legend forged...
:'''Bona:''' The Tonatiuh laden with treasure, a Jade of Return that can cleanse filth... It's all a bunch of bunk. All those adventurers who laid down their lives for this, even my old man...
:{{DIcon}} Cheep! Cheep!
:'''Bona:''' Hmm? Are you trying to make me feel better?
:'''Bona:''' It's okay, Coco, I get you.
:'''Bona:''' Even if the legend of some sacred chalice turns out to be false, just setting out on that quest for it makes you a hero.
:'''Bona:''' And what's more, it seems we really do have ourselves a monster here!
:'''Bona:''' [[Kukulkan|The one behind this]], whoever you are... I don't know why you've lured all of us here...
:'''Bona:''' But whatever you're on about &mdash; it ends here!
:'''Bona:''' I might not ever be one of those adventurers whose names shall be etched into the annals of history...
:'''Bona:''' But I, Bona, will put an end to this dark passage of history, with Cocouik by my side!
:{{Black Screen|"In the end, the girl wasn't able to stop everything, nor was I able to save her... But awakened by her hand, I became a seed, and then, many cycles later, I met you..."}}
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' The nightmares retell a past of blindness and folly.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' The scorched earth presages a future of bliss and rebirth.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Chosen of Dragons, you have arrived at last. I have been expecting you for some time.
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' It matters not. What matters is that none may now interrupt our conversation.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' What do you think? Gorgeous art, no? Tell me, what do you see in this mural?
:{{DIcon}} Um, I see a podium?
::'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' What sort of fighting tournament do you speak of...? *ahem* What this painting depicts are the stages of evolution.
::'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Evolving out of the primordial elemental creatures into dragons, then evolving step-by-step into humans, until you step onto the stairway to heaven itself... How puerile. How childish.
:{{DIcon}} Wow, humans evolved from dragons?
::'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Ha, this painting depicts the stages of evolution. Evolving out of the primordial elemental creatures and into the dragons, then into humans after a few more steps, until one walks upon the stairway to heaven itself... A puerile notion.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' This child thought that the true history of dragons in Teyvat could be wiped clean with such self-deluded fantasies.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Evolution... has always been a concept that belongs to dragons, and dragons alone.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' To attain a stronger body, to gain ever mightier power, we dragons have had to constantly adapt and transform ourselves based on our environment. This is how we survive.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' However, humans are exactly the opposite. Most of them can barely control [[element]]al forces. [[Heavenly Principles|The Descender]] tossed them into Teyvat, giving them the power to change environments to suit themselves.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Yet, these same weak humans are the ones who ultimately took over Natlan and the rest of the world...
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' While we once-mighty dragons, creators of high civilization, have now been relegated to wild beasts and livestock. Do you know why that is?
:{{DIcon}} Because they have [[The Seven|Archons]] backing them?
::'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Hah! Compared to the sky-war I once fought in, these earthly usurpers are nothing. Besides, there are enough of us remaining, even today, to match them and their forces.
:{{DIcon}} Because the Pyro Dragon is too weak.
::'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' You think it's because the Pyro Dragon's power has declined, do you?
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Instead, this is what I believe &mdash; that we dragons are too powerful. We are a race imprisoned by force. The weak worship the strong, sons follow their fathers, peons serve their sovereigns.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Races that by nature pursue power are bound by the very power that all too clearly orders their societies.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' After the {{rubi|Pyro Dragon's|Xiuhcoatl}} faked death, all that the descendants of the ancients knew was to kowtow before the throne, watching our civilization deteriorate by the day, marching inexorably towards decline.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Our race had reached a dead end. But I found new hope for myself within humanity.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Curiosity about the unknown, compassion for fellow humans, and the subsequent courage to take on something far more powerful than oneself.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Despite being mere tribes in vassalage to the dragons and living in precarious circumstances, I knew that one day they would build a mighty civilization of their own.
:{{DIcon}} Humans really are something...
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Indeed. I liked humans, but if I wished to understand them, then observation alone was insufficient. I had to go and live among them, and through them, I hoped to save my race.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' And so I nurtured my beloved son, a dragon mixed with a human soul who was raised among the human tribes. He would slay the decrepit old Pyro Dragon, and ascend to become the new Dragon Sovereign.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' But I did not count on that man... Xbalanque... And more unexpected still was the betrayal of my own progeny.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Human courage leads them to chase illusory hope and also brings forth terrifying uncertainty &mdash; just like the Jade of Return...
:{{DIcon}} So the Jade... What is it?
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Well, if I must, I'd say it's like a beast trap for capturing the lions of Natlan.
:{{DIcon}} Lions? What do you mean by that?
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Hmm? Well... The noblest of beasts, of course &mdash; but that doesn't matter.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' There are no lions in Natlan, and so, no Jade of Return. Humans always love chasing after things that don't exist, so I created this legend for them.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' To test these legends, I donned masks and traversed their world in different guises. This isn't the first time that we've met, in fact.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Of course, I have my foolish, greedy child to thank for this, who devoured enough souls for me to fashion these masks. Don't you find it all fascinating?
:{{DIcon}} More like horrendous...
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Really? I am of the persuasion that experiments are a must. Och-Kan's betrayal taught me that I still have much to learn when it comes to humans, after all.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' But I fear that this grace has run thin, and darkness will soon engulf this land... Och-Kan bet once and won, but shall we dragons continue betting with humans like this?
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Be it humans or Yohualtecuhtin, the world will fall into peril again and again because of their inability to resist the dark foe.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Chosen of Dragons, hope resides within you. This is not the end. Take the token of the oath, and go unto the sacred mountain.
:'''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' We shall meet again when all is done. And when that time comes, you shall be the one to decide matters, {{Little One}}.
:{{Black Screen|"This is not the end for you. Take that which is my part, and set off on your journey."}}
:{{Black Screen|"I believe you shall find the answer you seek at the end of your journey."}}
----
;(Memory ends)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... You're finally back.
:{{DIcon}} Back to reality.
:{{DIcon}} Och-Kan...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, you've returned from that memory, so why is Coco... Och-Kan, still not moving...?
:{{DIcon}} It's very tired. It's going to need a good long rest.
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, you do get tired easily when you grow old. Well, at least it can have a good rest now...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Right?
:{{DIcon}} Yep.
:'''Paimon:''' What did you see in the memory just now, {{Traveler}}?
:{{Black Screen|You recount what you witnessed within Och-Kan's mind to Paimon in the simplest way you can...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!? You saw {{Little One}}, and there was some weird guy with him on the Tonatiuh?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh oh. That might not be a memory, but something that's happening right now! {{Little One}} might be in danger...
:'''Paimon:''' You claim he just said a bunch of weird things, but Paimon's still somewhat worried. Let's hurry back to the Tonatiuh and check things out.
:{{DIcon}} But before that...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, the Golden Entreaty...
:'''Paimon:''' Based on what Och-Kan said, it has incredible uses, but it's also very dangerous and shouldn't be used lightly... We're going to have to tell Bona that.
:'''Paimon:''' But then, we can't give it to her either, can we? We'll have to take it to the volcano with {{Little One}}... Though we don't know what to do with it once we get there...
:{{DIcon}} About Bona...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, you saw her in the memory as well. Guess Och-Kan's right &mdash; she really is from hundreds of years ago, then?
:'''Paimon:''' But how did she live for so long? It's like she's adventuring with us for the first time, and it doesn't feel like she's trying to deceive us either. Could it be that she's actually...
:{{DIcon}} Let's head back to the Tonatiuh first. We can talk about this then.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright. We managed to find the Tonatiuh, so Bona and her father's adventures won't be considered crazy or groundless stories any longer.
:'''Paimon:''' Plus, we also got this Jade of Return... Whatever it may be, Paimon's sure it's important somehow.
:'''Paimon:''' So, all in all, this adventure has been pretty meaningful!
:{{DIcon}} Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Don't try to take on {{Little One}}'s role just because he's not around!
:{{DIcon}} You've learned something too, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe. In that case, let's head back to the Tonatiuh when you're ready.

;(Interact with the Golden Entreaty)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)|text=Golden Entreaty}})

;(Interact with Och-Kan's remains, optional)
:'''Och-Kan's Remains:''' (Once the Python King, the Sacred Lord, and the fell dragon, fully dragon and fully human, he now slumbers here in silence, until the end of time.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Moment of Awakening
|zhs      = 梦醒时分
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 夢醒時分
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 夢から醒める時
|ja_rm    = Yume kara Sameru Toki
|ja_tl    = Moment of Waking Up from a Dream
|ko       = 꿈에서 깨어난 순간
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Hora del despertar
|es_tl    = Time to Wake Up
|fr       = Au réveil du rêve
|fr_tl    = Upon Awakening from the Dream
|ru       = Пробуждение
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ห้วงเวลาตื่นจากฝัน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thời Khắc Tỉnh Mộng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Als der Traum endete
|de_tl    = When the Dream Ended
|id       = Ketika Terbangun Dari Mimpi
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Momento do Despertar
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uyanış Anı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Destarsi dal sogno
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}