{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 2.7]]
*Updates to character voice-overs:
**Removed from all languages:
***"Disengaging Wind Glider"
----
[[Version 2.6]]
*Adjusted the appearance of Mona in animation cutscenes to the Alternate Outfit [[Pact of Stars and Moon]].
----
[[Version 2.5]]
*Adjusted the appearance of the NPC Mona to the Alternate Outfit [[Pact of Stars and Moon]].
----
[[Version 2.0]]
*Animation and performance of Mona's [[Alternate Sprint]], [[Illusory Torrent]], were modified.
----
[[Version 1.5]]
*Updates to character voice-overs:
**Updated audio for Japanese:
***"About Jean"
----
[[Version 1.4]]
*Updates to character voice-overs:
**Updated audio for Japanese:
***"About Jean"
----
[[Version 1.3]]
*Updates to character voice-overs:
**Updated audio for Chinese:
***Majority of the Combat voice-overs
*Mona's Talent [[Illusory Torrent]] was optimized so that she can use it more quickly when hit.
----
[[Version 1.2]]
*'''December 28, 2020''' &mdash; Mona's portrait used in official media was silently updated to feature more details.
*A few lines of Mona's [[Mona/Lore#Character Story 4|Character Story 4]] were revised.
**{{Color|Old}}: "You say that your line has a unique pedigree &mdash; but you also say that your hag of a teacher is a stubborn dimwit. Which of your descriptions of your master is accurate?"<br>{{Color|New}}: "You speak of your illustrious lineage, yet you also refer to your master as a "hag" and a "stubborn dimwit." Which of these descriptions is accurate?"
**{{Color|Old}}: Albedo could not help but ask this question &mdash; and indeed, Mona found that she had never given this question much thought either.<br>{{Color|New}}: Albedo could not help but ask this question &mdash; and when he did, Mona promptly realized that she had never given it much thought herself.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
*Mona was released.
<noinclude>


[[pl:Mona/Historia zmian]]
[[pt-br:Mona/Histórico de Mudanças]]
[[vi:Mona/Lịch Sử Cập Nhật]]
</noinclude>