{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Mona
|id             = 368128
|image          = Character Mona Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Mona''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} So hungry...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The stars...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Astrology...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My manuscripts...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My recent expenditures...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} How do you do...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} How unexpected...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mona mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? Looking for me at this hour of the day... This falls outside of my predictions.
:{{A|vo mona mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ahem... Is something the matter?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Of course! The conditions and facilities are first-class, and it's very comfortable here.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So comfortable that... I'm a bit worried that it might be hard to adjust once I leave.
::{{DIcon}} Then... shouldn't you leave before it's too late?
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 03a.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Wh&mdash;What? No! Are you serious?
:::{{DIcon}} There goes the Great Astrologist's pride...
::{{DIcon}} You can stay forever.
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Mona:''' R&mdash;Really?
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Being able to live in such a wonderful place without having to pay rent... Am I dreaming?
:::{{DIcon}} There goes the Great Astrologist's pride...
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh?
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why you...! Hmph... since you're letting me stay here for free, I'll let that pass...
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm... Let me think of a way to repay you somehow.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' This way, we won't be indebted to each other.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Alright, I'm in good spirits. Is there anything you wish to know?
::{{DIcon}} I want to hear some of your knowledge!
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh... how studious of you.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I am indisputably an erudite scholar, for my learning encompasses the stars above and earth below.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...But it would consume a considerable amount of time to explain the tenets of astrology...
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' For now, some practical advice will do!
::{{DIcon}} Oh? Like what?
::{{DIcon}} You seem to have a lot of life experience...
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 06b.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, of course!
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm... For instance, ingredients approaching their expiration date can be used to create very cost-effective meals as long as you thoroughly cook them with the appropriate cooking methods.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Many stores have monthly sales. Find an opportune time to stock up on grains and dried foods. As staple foods, they will keep you feeling full for a long time.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Also... Processing your own meat products is much cheaper than buying them ready-made.
::{{DIcon}} Your knowledge is all about saving money...
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 10a 1.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah...! Huh!
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 10a 2.ogg}} '''Mona:''' How impolite of you to generalize it as such!
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 10a 3.ogg}} '''Mona:''' These techniques are all a crucial element of living a disciplined life. They are the result of refinement of the objective laws of the world.
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 10a 4.ogg}} '''Mona:''' S&mdash;So I'll be stricter with you. You need to be more disciplined if you are to understand this world's truths!
::{{DIcon}} Got it!
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 10b 1.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Heh, you will understand how useful these are once you try.
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship2 10b 2.ogg}} '''Mona:''' After you have mastered these, I will impart more of the secret wonders hidden deep within this world.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm, I want to reserve some of your spare time. Let's go on a vacation together.
::{{DIcon}} A... A vacation?
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Maybe on an uninhabited island or in a quiet rainforest, just somewhere we can put work aside and relax for a bit.
::{{DIcon}} This doesn't sound like you...
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Is that so...? Hey, you don't just think of me as some research-obsessed maniac with a one-track mind, do you?
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Everything I do is to comprehend the truths of the world... Even a vacation is a way to meet this end.
::{{DIcon}} Do you have funds for this...?
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 03b.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hehe, I've already prepared them, of course.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I started preparing for this a long time ago.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Saving money can be difficult, so I specially prepared a savings jar. Every time I received a payment, I put aside some of it.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' During this time, I also resisted buying hardcover copies of research manuscripts... Eventually, I had saved up enough.
::{{DIcon}} That must've been hard...
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 07a.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hehe, it's alright, it was worth it!
:::{{DIcon}} Then I'll go set aside some time.
::{{DIcon}} I can't use your money.
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 07b 1.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? What do you mean by that?
:::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 07b 2.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Thanks for being considerate, but this is something I want to do, so it really is fine.
:::{{DIcon}} Then I'll go set aside some time.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Okay! I'll await your word.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Mona.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, good morning.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If you need anything, I'll make time for you. Call me if there is something you can't resolve.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Mona.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It's already time for you to turn in? If you ask me, there's never enough time in a day.
::{{A|vo mona mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}. Yes, go replenish your strength.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Amidst Poetic Pondering===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mona study 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Quite the dignified study. May I use it as well?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mona study 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' In that case, I hope you don't mind if I stack all the star maps I bought over here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mona study 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm... I still have those things I bought on sale. If I want to maximize my use of space, I'll need to plan this out more carefully.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mona kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Let me quickly inspect the ingredients in the kitchen...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mona kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' After all, you will most certainly need wisdom to turn limited ingredients into a dish that can keep you full for an entire day.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md mona kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh yes, thank you for preparing these! If you're not averse, you're welcome to try some as well.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Mona/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Mona/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Mona/Compagnia]]
[[ja:モナ/仲間]]
[[ru:Мона/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Mona/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Mona/Bạn Đồng Hành]]