{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20741
|image         = Location Mondstadt and its Archon start.png
|caption       = Starting Location
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = [[Grace]] asks the Traveler for a favor to collect some [[Dandelion Seed]]s and scatter them at the top of the Anemo Archon's statue.
|requirement   = Complete [[Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 16,000
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Dandelion Seed|5}}
|characters    = Grace; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''Mondstadt and its Archon''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Grace]], near the [[Anemo God Statue Plaza]], during the day.
# Search for the [[Dandelion Seed]]s she requested
#* If Dandelion Seeds are already in your inventory, this step will be skipped.
# Give the Dandelion Seeds to Grace
# Climb to the Anemo Archon statue's hand and scatter the [[Dandelion Seed]]s
# Talk to Grace

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Now that [[Mondstadt]] has been spared from disaster, Sister [[Grace]] would like to offer her thanks to the Anemo Archon for its protection of the city.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Grace)
:'''Grace:''' Thanks be to the Anemo Archon...
:{{DIcon}} What are you up to?
:'''Grace:''' I'm praying to Lord Barbatos. It was by his protection that Mondstadt was able to weather this storm.
:'''Grace:''' We also have him to thank for the safety of the Knights of Favonius and the adventurers of the Guild.
:'''Grace:''' Thank you, Lord Barbatos...
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Lord Barbatos...
:{{DIcon}} ...How hardworking of him.
:'''Grace:''' I dare not fathom the things Lord Barbatos has done for us.
:'''Grace:''' But just knowing that such a diligent deity watches over Mondstadt sets my heart at ease.
:'''Grace:''' Ah, yes. If you have some time, could you do me a favor?
:'''Grace:''' I'd like you to help me collect one batch of Dandelion Seeds, and scatter them to the winds at the top of the Anemo Archon Statue...
:{{DIcon}} I think I've heard of this one...
::'''Grace:''' Oh, but didn't you help [[Glory]] scatter Dandelion Seeds in the same manner before? Did you forget?
:{{DIcon}} Why is it done?
:'''Grace:''' Dandelion Seeds that go with the wind carry the feelings in our hearts with them, whether that feeling is remembrance, or thanksgiving.
:'''Grace:''' Lord Barbatos is the Anemo Archon, so it is most fitting to use these Dandelion Seeds to express our thanks to him.
:{{DIcon}} Allow me, then.
::'''Grace:''' Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Are Dandelion Seeds all you need?
::'''Grace:''' Yes, they will suffice. The other flowers in Mondstadt do not scatter in to the distance very well, in any case.
::'''Grace:''' So please do help me get a batch of Dandelion Seeds. I will wait here for you.
----
;(Return to Grace)
:'''Grace:''' Have you gathered the Dandelion Seeds?
:{{DIcon}} Have them right here.
:'''Grace:''' These should be enough. Please wait here for a moment...
:'''Grace:''' ...Lord Barbatos, please hear me...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, she's so... devout. So... many words...
:'''Paimon:''' Who knows if that Tone-Deaf Bard is listening...
:'''Grace:''' Alright. Please take these Dandelion Seeds. Help me go up and scatter them.
:'''Grace:''' I should really do this myself, but with my physical abilities... I would probably have a hard time getting back down, even if I could climb up there.
:'''Grace:''' So I'm counting on you.

;(Talk to Grace again)
:'''Grace:''' Lord Barbatos, I hope that you can hear me...
----
;(After scattering the seeds)
:'''Grace:''' Have you scattered the Dandelion Seeds?
:{{DIcon}} I've just done that.
:{{DIcon}} The wind will carry them far abroad.
::'''Grace:''' That's wonderful. It should be easy for Lord Barbatos to notice.
:'''Grace:''' Regardless, I do hope that Lord Barbatos will be able to hear my voice.
:'''Grace:''' Thank you for your willingness to help. Please take this for your troubles &mdash; and may the Anemo Archon protect you.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* It is possible to start this quest right after completing Venti's story. Venti (who is Barbatos) will still be on the statue's hand when you go to sow the Dandelion Seeds as long as you have not left the area. (His interaction does not change for this quest.)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mondstadt and its Archon
|zhs     = 风神与蒙德
|zhs_rm  = Fēngshén Yǔ Méngdé
|zht     = 風神與蒙德
|zht_rm  = Fēngshén Yǔ Méngdé
|zh_tl   = Anemo Archon and Mondstadt
|ja      = 風神とモンド
|ja_rm   = Fuujin to Mondo
|ja_tl   = Anemo Archon and Mondstadt
|ko      = 바람 신과 몬드
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El Arconte Anemo y Mondstadt
|es_tl   = The Anemo Archon and Mondstadt
|fr      = L'Archon Anémo et Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = The Anemo Archon and Mondstadt
|ru      = Анемо Архонт и Мондштадт
|ru_tl   = The Anemo Archon and Mondstadt
|th      = เทพแห่งลมและ Mondstadt
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phong Thần và Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Anemo-Archon und Mondstadt
|de_tl   = The Anemo Archon and Mondstadt
|id      = Archon Anemo dan Mondstadt
|id_tl   = Anemo Archon and Mondstadt
|pt      = Arconte Anemo e Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}