{{Location Infobox
|image        = Sign Mondstadt General Goods Order Board.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|type2        = Bulletin Board
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = Starfell Valley
|subarea      = Mondstadt City
}}
{{Description|Please write down the names of your desired wares on the slip, pin it on the Order Board, and patiently wait for our clerk to respond. At Mondstadt General Goods, we strive to fulfill your every need!}}

The '''Mondstadt General Goods Order Board''' is a message board located beside [[Mondstadt General Goods]] in the [[City of Mondstadt]]. The messages randomly cycle through every time it is interacted with.

==Messages==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Order Board:''' Please write down the names of your desired wares on the slip, pin it on the Order Board, and patiently wait for our clerk to respond. At Mondstadt General Goods, we strive to fulfill your every need!

===A Revolting Dish===
:'''Order Message:''' "My home is plagued by unwelcome guests. I want to cook something revolting to chase them away."
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, we have nothing to help you. We do not participate in any business that demeans the hospitality of Mondstadt. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===Construction===
:'''Order Message:''' "I've decided to completely rebuild my house from the ground up. Going for a whole new look &mdash; bored of having the same old lime-coated brickwork you see everywhere. One idea crossed my mind when I was down southeast recently, I saw one of those [[Electro Hypostasis|Electro Hypo whatever-you-call-thems]] and thought those cubes would work great for the walls. Anyway, I'd like to start by ordering a thousand pieces and see how it goes."
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, your request could not be fulfilled. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===To Miss Blanche...===
:'''Order Message:''' "What does Miss [[Blanche]] like?"
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, your request could not be fulfilled. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===Chicken-Mushroom Skewers===
:'''Order Message:''' "I used to have [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]]s when I was an adventurer. Lately, I've been missing its simple but delicious taste. Can you stock some Chicken-Mushroom Skewers?"
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, the item you requested is out of stock. You may want to try your luck at "Good Hunter" across from our store. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===The Last Queen===
:'''Order Message:''' "'The Last Queen Regnant - Rise and Fall of the Sylvia Dynasty.' I borrowed this book from the library, but I lost it. I want to buy a new copy as compensation."
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, very few copies of this book were printed, making it very rare. Sorry for the inconvenience and good luck finding a copy.

===Vera's Melancholy===
{{See also|Cat's Tail Message Board#Vera's Melancholy{{!}}Cat's Tail Message Board, Vera's Melancholy}}
:'''Order Message:''' "'[[Vera's Melancholy]] - The Final Chapter.' Thank you."
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, we cannot supply books that haven't been published yet. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===Heart's Desire===
:'''Order Message:''' "Read a book a while back called [[Heart's Desire]], it was pretty good. There was this strange old shop in the story, I'm wondering if it was based on this fine establishment? If so, would that make Blanche the magical shopkeeper...?"
:'''Reply:''' "Dear Customer, please learn the difference between fantasy and reality. Yours faithfully, Mondstadt General Goods.
:'''Paimon:''' Why so serious?

===Hair Loss===
{{See also|Cat's Tail Message Board#Receding Hairline{{!}}Cat's Tail Message Board, Receding Hairline}}
:'''Order Message:''' "Medicine that can treat hair loss. I can pay as much as you want!"
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, such an item is not available. I'm afraid what has been lost will never grow back. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===Anthony's Message===
:'''Order Message:''' "I want to purchase a [[Vision]] to help [[Anna|the ill girl who always prays by the water spring]]."
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, we have no such items in stock. You may want to seek help from someone who has a Vision. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===The Legendary Relic===
''Continuation of Heart's Desire''
:'''Order Message:''' "What does the legendary relic look like? Let me see it!"
:'''Reply:''' Hello! We do not carry this item. If you wish to see what the relic looks like, you'll need approval from the Knights of Favonius, the Mondstadt Church, and the Community Representative. Thank you.

===An Offer to Blanche===
''Continuation of To Miss Blanche...''
:'''Order Message:''' "You've caught my eye for quite some time now, Miss Blanche. If you're free after work, how about going out for a drink with me?"
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, your request could not be fulfilled. Sorry for the inconvenience.

===A Gift for my Lover===
:'''Order Message:''' "I saw [[Amber|a girl in the Knights of Favonius with a cute rabbit doll]]. I'd like to buy one as a gift for my girlfriend."
:'''Reply:''' Hello! Unfortunately, the item you requested is out of stock. If it's a gift for a loved one, then it should be handmade by you. Buying gifts from off the shelf only shows that you don't love her that much.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mondstadt General Goods Order Board
|zhs     = 蒙德百货订货板
|zhs_rm  = Méngdé Bǎihuò Dìnghuò Bǎn
|zht     = 蒙德百貨訂貨板
|zht_rm  = Méngdé Bǎihuò Dìnghuò Bǎn
|zh_tl   = Mondstadt General Store Order Board
|ja      = モンドショップオーダーボード
|ja_rm   = Mondo Shoppu Oodaa Boodo
|ja_tl   = Mondstadt Shop Order Board
|ko      = 몬드 잡화점 주문 보드
|ko_tl   = Mondstadt General Store Order Board
|es      = Tablón de pedidos de la Boutique de Mondstadt
|es_tl   = Mondstadt Botique Order Board
|fr      = Panneau de commande - Bazar de Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = Order Board - Mondstadt Bazaar
|ru      = Доска заказов «Мондштадтского Купца»
|ru_tl   = Mondstadt Merchant Order Board
|th      = กระดานคำสั่งซื้อสินค้าทั่วไปของ Mondstadt
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bảng Đặt Hàng Bách Hóa Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bestellungen für Mondstadts Gemischtwaren
|de_tl   = Orders for Mondstadt General Goods
|id      = Papan Pesanan Barang Toko Mondstadt General Goods
|id_tl   = Mondstadt General Goods Order Board
|pt      = Tabela de Pedidos do Bazar de Mondstadt.
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mondstadt Gıda Pazarı Sipariş Panosu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Bacheca degli ordini dell'Emporio di Mondstadt
|it_tl   = Mondstadt's Emporium's Order Board
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[es:Tablón de pedidos de la Boutique de Mondstadt]]
[[ja:モンドショップオーダーボード]]