{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Trulla Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Trulla Chapter
|act            = I
|character      = Xiangling
|ARReq          = 13
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act I - [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]
}}
'''Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip''' is the first act of [[Xiangling]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Trulla Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed [[Prologue]]: Act I - [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]] and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 13.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] meets a traveling chef from [[Liyue]] and helps her obtain cooking ingredients for her famous dishes.

==List of Quests==
#[[Little Chef on a Hunt]]
#[[Cooking Appointment]]
#[[Secret Ingredient]]
#[[Lucky Find]]
#[[Present From the Past]]
#[[Cooking Showdown]]

==Summary==
===Little Chef on a Hunt===
While exploring [[Springvale]]'s forests, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] meet a young girl drooling over wild boars as she tracks them. She introduces herself as [[Xiangling]] and asks them to catch some boars for her, since she is unable to. The Traveler hunts the boars and delivers the meat to Xiangling, who gives them a snack for their efforts. Having invented the recipe on the spot, she is about to set up a new kitchen on-site when [[Allan]] arrives to scold them for hunting directly in the boars' habitat, as it would scare them off and damage the hunters' vocation. Xiangling realizes her error and apologizes, but Allan recommends she instead apologize to their chief, [[Draff]], and they make their way to Springvale to do so.

===Cooking Appointment===
Contrary to their expectations, Draff receives Xiangling in good humor due to her excellent reputation as a talented chef in both [[Mondstadt]] and [[Liyue]]. He expresses his hopes that Xiangling will be able to use her dishes to promote Springvale's meat products, but she is hesitant as she refuses to let herself be limited to specific ingredients. When Draff reacts negatively to her unconventional suggestion of using [[Slime Condensate]] in a meal, she grows angry and storms off.

As she is walking off, Xiangling becomes distracted by the smell of [[Brook]]'s cooking. After a short discussion, Brook realizes Xiangling's identity, and asks her how she would cook a prime cut of meat. When Xiangling mentions adding pungently-flavored [[Qingxin|Qingxin flower]] to the dish, Brook states that it would be "overkill," resulting in Xiangling declaring a cook-off to settle the dispute. She tells Brook that if she wins, she must put her winning dish on her stock. Brook likewise agrees, stating that if ''she'' wins, Xiangling must promote her dish at [[Wanmin Restaurant]]. Xiangling then departs for Liyue to collect her ingredients.

===Secret Ingredient===
Paimon and the Traveler catch up to Xiangling once again in Liyue and help her collect [[Lotus Head]]s and [[Jueyun Chili]]s. However, Xiangling still feels that something is missing, before suddenly recalling a location she had not visited, where she intuitively believes that will be able to find the last vital ingredient.

At the entrance of a cave, the trio discover a [[Olaf|shivering man]] outside. Paimon suggests to make a fire, but Xiangling states that a soup is better and requests the Traveler to prepare a perfect dish of [[Radish Veggie Soup]]. Warmed by the soup, the man tells them that he was tracking a boar in the ruins when a [[Cryo Regisvine]] attacked and froze him. He was able to escape when he came to his senses, but barely reached the exit when his strength faltered. Xiangling is perplexed by the Regisvine but realizes it is what she needs for her cooking and barges into the cave. The man tells the Traveler to save Xiangling as he trusts that she is putting herself in grave danger.

===Present From the Past===
In the ruins, the three of them stumble upon the Cryo Regisvine, which attacks them. With the Traveler's assistance, Xiangling manages to defeat the Regisvine. As she begins to prepare it for her cooking, she subsequently discovers a boar with special markings, which identify it to be of a species that was hunted to extinction for its prized meat. The Traveler suggests that the reason it is still alive is because it has been cryopreserved in the cave for at least 300 years.

Returning to Springvale, the man is baffled by the absence of his friends and family. The Traveler concludes that the hunter was also frozen with the boar centuries ago, hence why he does not recall anything familiar. Draff then asks the man for his name, which is revealed to be Olaf. Draff recognizes the name and realizes Olaf is his ancestor. Xiangling asks them if he would like to watch a cook-off, reminding Draff of the event and resulting in him informing them that the venue has been set up.

===Cooking Showdown===
Brooks has brought in [[Siegfria]] as her cooking assistant, so Xiangling commissions the Traveler and Paimon to help her with the dishes. They are sent to obtain a wild [[Radish]] and to wash it in the lake, as well as getting rid of nearby [[Slimes]] who risk ruining the competition. The Traveler additionally prepares for her perfect [[Jade Parcels]], which serve as a side dish for the extinct boar. After eating both meals, Draff declares Xiangling the winner. Brook muses that the winning edge was the extinct boar, which startles Draff due to the immense value of its meat. Xiangling counters that [[Mora]] does not interest her; only seeing her customers happy is what she lives for. As everyone goes to eat, Olaf laments the idea that he will not be able to taste the food of his time. Xiangling reassures him that she can replicate the flavor with modern ingredients.

After the meal, Paimon and the Traveler meet up with Xiangling, who thanks them for their assistance in the cook-off. She states an intent to return to Liyue, even if there will be plenty of sidetracking on the way. Nonetheless, she acknowledges their cooking skills, promising them a meal and lessons on some of her unorthodox recipes when they have the time to visit Wanmin.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip|type=Story Quest}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/3_9zUN1nuDU
|caption1 = Quest Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/mHkSnRcWyZM
|caption2 = Secret Ingredient Domain Guide (3 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip
|zhs     = 蒙德食遇之旅
|zhs_rm  = Méngdé Shíyù zhī Lǚ
|zht     = 蒙德食遇之旅
|zht_rm  = Méngdé Shíyù zhī Lǚ
|zh_tl   = Mondstadt Food Tour
|ja      = モンド美食の旅
|ja_rm   = Mondo Bishoku no Tabi
|ja_tl   = Travel of Mondstadt Gourmet Food
|ko      = 몬드 먹거리 여행
|ko_rm   = Mondeu Meokkeori Yeohaeng
|ko_tl   = Mondstadt Food Trip
|es      = Viaje gastronómico de Mondstadt
|es_tl   = Gastronomic Travel  of Mondstadt
|fr      = Voyage gastronomique à Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = Gastronomic Trip in Mondstadt
|ru      = Кулинарный тур по Мондштадту
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การท่องเที่ยวทำอาหารใน Mondstadt
|th_rm   = Kan Thongthiao Tha Mahan Nai Mondstadt
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Con Đường Ẩm Thực Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gourmettrip durch Mondstadt
|de_tl   = Gourmettrip through Mondstadt
|id      = Wisata Kuliner Mondstadt
|id_tl   = Mondstadt Culinary Tour
|pt      = Viagem Gastronômica de Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}