{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41343
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|characters    = Freki; Geri; Paimon; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''Mondstadters in Liyue''' is the seventh request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the third day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Freki]]
# Give a [[Xiao Lantern]] to [[Freki]]
# Give a set of [[Dandelion Seed]]s to [[Freki]]
# Find somewhere to scatter the [[Dandelion Seed]]s
# Talk to [[Freki]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Freki]] and [[Geri]] are getting a little homesick...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Freki)
:'''Geri:''' But how do we make Xiao Lanterns? Do you have any idea, Freki?
:'''Freki:''' Nope, no idea... Should we get someone else to make one for us?
:{{DIcon}} So, you two want to release a Xiao Lantern, too?
:'''Freki:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. And yes, we were thinking about doing just that.
:'''Freki:''' We originally intended to try out the food available during the Lantern Rite. But Geri said that he also wanted to release a lantern to catch a bit of that festive spirit.
:'''Geri:''' W&mdash;Well, yes! I mean, you have to immerse yourself in the festive spirit first, then eat some festive food. That's the proper way to experience it!
:'''Freki:''' I've also heard that you can wish on those lanterns, or something... Neither of us knows how to make one though.
:'''Freki:''' Traveler, could we trouble you to make one of these Xiao Lanterns for us?
:{{DIcon}} I'm on it.
:'''Freki:''' Wonderful! We'll wait for you here, then.
----
;(Talk to Freki again)
:'''Freki:''' Have you finished making that lantern?
:;(Give Xiao Lantern)
:'''Freki:''' Thank you. Now, this is the part where we write a wish on it, right?
:'''Freki:''' Hmm... So, uh, let me think. What should we write?
:'''''Freki and Geri write their wishes on the Xiao Lantern...'''''
:'''Freki:''' ...That should do it. Now, as for letting the lantern carry our wishes high into the sky...
:'''Freki:''' Back in Mondstadt, we'd tell the dandelions what was on our minds before scattering their seeds to the wind...
:'''Geri:''' Now that you mention it, I do rather miss Mondstadt. It's been a while since we've seen any dandelions, too...
:'''Freki:''' Traveler, could you help us out again, this time to bring us some Dandelion Seeds?
:{{DIcon}} I've got this.
:'''Freki:''' Thanks for your help! Just bring them right here once you've got them.
----
;(Talk to Freki again)
:'''Freki:''' Have you got some Dandelion Seeds?
:;(Give Dandelion Seed)
:'''Geri:''' Thank you. Strange, we haven't been away from Mondstadt for very long, and yet we're already missing home.
:'''Freki:''' I wonder how everyone back home's doing...
:'''Geri:''' Well, now's a good time... Do you have any wishes, Freki?
:'''Freki:''' Me? Let me think...
:'''''Freki and Geri unburden the matters on their hearts to the Dandelion Seeds...'''''
:'''Freki:''' Well, this should do it. Traveler, I've got one more thing to ask of you.
:'''Freki:''' Dandelion Seeds need to be scattered from a high vantage point to fly far, but Liyue's architecture is very different from Mondstadt's, and we're not sure how to get to the high ground...
:'''Freki:''' Could you help us find some high ground from which to scatter these Dandelion Seeds?
:{{DIcon}} I've got your back.
:'''Freki:''' We'll be leaving it to you, then.
;(Talk to Freki again)
:'''Geri:''' Freki, when will we be able to return to Mondstadt?
:'''Freki:''' Hmm... Let's leave it a while longer. It wasn't that long ago that we left...
----
;(When scattering at the lowest point)
:'''Paimon:''' This doesn't seem to be the highest point. Let's keep heading up.
;(When scattering at the second highest point)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, this isn't the highest point either... Let's keep heading upward.
;(After scattering Dandelion Seeds)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, this should do it. Let's head back and look for Freki and Geri.
----
;(Talk to Freki)
:'''Freki:''' Hello, Traveler. Have you scattered those Dandelion Seeds yet?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I've scattered them.
:'''Freki:''' Great! Let's hope that the wind carries them all the way back to Mondstadt...
:'''Geri:''' Well, you were the one who said that we should blend in here... But in the end, it seems like even you can't shake your old Mondstadt habits. So, how about we go track down some Mondstadt snacks today...
:'''Freki:''' That won't do at all.
:'''Geri:''' Eh? ...Eh?
:'''Freki:''' Hey, now. Keeping our own customs alive and blending here in Liyue are two completely different things. Come on, let's go release that Xiao Lantern.
:'''Freki:''' Have you written your wish down? Let's release this lantern and go grab some festive snacks!
:'''Geri:''' I&mdash;I'm done writing my wish... but do we really have to eat more local snacks?
:'''Freki:''' Haha, of course! Liyue's Lantern Rite specialty snacks, here we come! We mustn't miss out!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The name of this request (蒙德人在璃月 in Chinese) is a reference to ''Beijinger in New York'', or 北京人在纽约, a Chinese drama from the late 1990s and early 2000s. Like the drama, it involves two people in a different country.
*Consequently, this also confirms the canon demonym of the people of Mondstadt, which also follows the real-life naming pattern of German (one of the main inspirations for Mondstadt) demonyms such as ''Hamburger'' as the people of Hamburg.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mondstadters in Liyue
|zhs     = 蒙德人，在璃月
|zhs_rm  = Méngdé-rén, zài Líyuè
|zht     = 蒙德人，在璃月
|zht_rm  = Méngdé-rén, zài Líyuè
|zh_tl   = Mondstadters, in Liyue
|ja      = 璃月にいるモンド人
|ja_rm   = Riiyue ni iru Mondo hito
|ja_tl   = Mondstadters in Liyue
|ko      = 리월의 몬드 사람
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Personas de Mondstadt en Liyue
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Des Mondstadtois à Liyue
|fr_tl   = Mondstadters in Liyue
|ru      = Приключения мондштадтцев в Ли Юэ
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ชาว Mondstadt ใน Liyue
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Mondstadt ở Liyue
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Mondstädter in Liyue
|de_tl   = Mondstadters in Liyue
|id      = Rakyat Mondstadt di Liyue
|id_tl   = Mondstadters in Liyue
|pt      = Pessoas de Mondstadt em Liyue
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}