{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 5
|region  = Mondstadt
|naming  = Weapon name: Skyward ''noun''
|lore    = Weapons blessed by [[Barbatos]] and dedicated to [[Dvalin]] for his victory over [[Durin]] and, later, his restoration after becoming corrupted
}}
The '''Mondstadt Series''' ''(unofficial name)'', also known as the '''Skyward Series''', is a 5-star [[Weapon Series]], themed after [[Mondstadt]]. All weapons in this series are available in the permanent [[Wish]] banner, [[Wanderlust Invocation]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Mondstadt Series}}

==Lore==
Weapons blessed by the Anemo Archon [[Barbatos]] that have been dedicated to [[Dvalin]] both for his victory over [[Durin]] and for his restoration after being corrupted.

The shadow dragon Durin from the kingdom of the abyss became jealous of Mondstadt's prosperity,<ref name="Skyward Blade">{{Ref/Weapon|Skyward Blade}}</ref> flying over and releasing toxic fumes from its wings. The thousand winds were unable to hold back the poison, and so black rain fell and poisoned the land, causing the people to cry out.<ref name="Skyward Spine">{{Ref/Weapon|Skyward Spine}}</ref>

Barbatos heard their cries and descended, summoning Dvalin to face the threat together<ref name="Skyward Pride">{{Ref/Weapon|Skyward Pride}}</ref> and shrouding themselves in a storm to pierce through and destroy the poisonous clouds. Dvalin then grabbed Durin in his claws and flew far above the clouds so Durin could no longer poison them.<ref name="Skyward Spine"/> Blessed by the Anemo Archon, Dvalin fought Durin ferociously above the clouds.<ref name="Skyward Blade"/>

Eventually Barbatos's music stopped Durin's attack,<ref name="Skyward Harp">{{Ref/Weapon|Skyward Harp}}</ref> giving Dvalin an opening to tear off Durin's wings, claw out its heart, and tear its throat out with his fangs. Defeated, Durin fell dying upon a snowy mountain that was later known as Dragonspine.<ref name="Skyward Spine"/>

Unfortunately, Dvalin ingested some of Durin's poisonous blood when he ripped out its throat. This poison caused Dvalin great pain and so he retreated to a ruin and fell unconscious.<ref name="Skyward Spine"/>

Barbatos searched for him over the years without finding him, but the corrupting blood drew the attention of the Abyss Order, who whispered lies to him.<ref name="Skyward Pride"/> When he finally awoke, the people had forgotten what he had done for them and seemingly confirmed the Abyss Order's lies and causing him to become Stormterror.<ref name="Skyward Blade"/>

With Stormterror's appearance, Barbatos was able to find him at last and eventually Dvalin was purified of the poison and freed from the deception of the [[Abyss Order]]. The people were reminded of what Dvalin did for them, restoring Dvalin's honor as he flew free once more.<ref name="Skyward Pride"/>

==Trivia==
*The Skyward Atlas is apparently the same atlas that Barbatos used to summon the four winds to melt the snow covering Mondstadt and this weapon has the ability to wield the powers of the thousand winds.
** The obtainable Skyward Atlas is a copy of the original as written in the weapons lore.
*The Skyward Harp seems to have some connection to the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
*While it's unknown whether the Skyward Pride or Skyward Spine have been used in the past, apparently the Skyward Blade was used sometime in the past to fight the kingdom of the abyss.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Mondstadt]]
[[ja:モンドシリーズ]]
[[ru:Серия Небесное оружие]]