{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Story Quest Amber A1 Mondstadt Glider.png
|id            = 00427
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lepus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|character     = Amber
|description   = As it turned out, the book [[Amber]] gave you wasn't a manual, but a fairy tale... After completing the first test out in the wild, you learn that the second test is to take place within the city of Mondstadt itself. Amber is waiting for you there.
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt (City)]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = License to Glide
|next          = They Call Him Raptor
|exp           = 225
|mora          = 5,525
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|3}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Amber;Otto;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Mondstadt Glider''' is the third part of [[Amber]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lepus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Wind, Courage, and Wings]].

==Steps==
# Go to the door of [[Mondstadt Cathedral]]
# Talk to Amber
# Follow the route and fly to the finish line in time
# Talk to Amber
# Follow the markers to arrive at the finish line in time
# Follow the route and fly to the finish line in time
# Reach the doors of the [[Adventurers' Guild]]

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Amber in front of Mondstadt Cathedral)
:{{A|vo ablq003 2 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber''': Hey &mdash; here, over here!
:{{A|vo ablq003 2 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber''': I'm all set up. Let's carry on with the exam.
:{{A|vo ablq003 2 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber''': Same deal as before, glide through the markers and get to the finish without stopping in the middle.
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.

;(Talk to Amber after failing the course)
:{{A|vo ablq003 4 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You didn't hurt yourself, did you?
:{{A|vo ablq003 4 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Once you're ready, let's try again.
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::{{A|vo ablq003 4 ambor 03a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Keep a firm grasp on the wind glider, and let the wind guide you.
:{{DIcon}} I'll think about it.
::{{A|vo ablq003 4 ambor 03b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Before you launch, make sure you're completely ready.
:;(Talking to her again repeats this dialogue branch from the beginning)

----

;(Talk to Amber at the Knights of Favonius headquarters)
:{{A|vo ablq003 5 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber''': Hahaha... Seems like you've got the hang of wind gliding now! Let's do the final stage.
:{{A|vo ablq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon''': Easy! You've flown this way before anyway...
:{{A|vo ablq003 5 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber''': Once you've passed this final stage, you'll finally be able to get your very own gliding license.
:{{A|vo ablq003 5 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber''': Just keep thinking about that license. Ready...
:{{DIcon}} ...Go!

;(Talking to Amber after failing the course)
:{{A|vo ablq003 7 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Try to stay calm. You need to be brave at take off, but the trick to a good landing is to keep your cool.
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::{{A|vo ablq003 7 ambor 02a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You can do it. Your gliding license is within your grasp!
:{{DIcon}} I'm going to take another look around.
::{{A|vo ablq003 7 ambor 02b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Take your time, I'll be right here when you're done.

;(Upon landing at the doors of the Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 01.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Windborne traveler! You are required to land at once by order of the Knights of Favonius!
:;(Talk to Otto after landing)
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 02.ogg}} '''Otto:''' I am Otto of the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh–What's going on?
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 03.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Please show me your gliding license.
:{{DIcon}} Ahh... my um, gliding license is, uh...
:{{DIcon}} It got eaten by Baron Bunny...
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 04.ogg}} '''Otto:''' It is against the law to glide without a license! I am arresting you under Section 7, Article 12 of the Mondstadt Penal Code.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 05.ogg}} '''Otto:''' You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will forever carry on the wind.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wait... I'm an instructor. This is a gliding exam.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 06.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Oh... I see.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 07.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Well, you picked a bad time to hold your gliding exam.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Really, why?
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 08.ogg}} '''Otto:''' The Knights of Favonius received a report from a Sister at the Cathedral claiming she saw Raptor gliding around these parts. I thought your student here must have been his partner in crime.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Raptor? Who's that?
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 09.ogg}} '''Otto:''' A known criminal in Mondstadt. He always uses a wind glider to commit his crimes, so people started calling him Raptor.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wow. He flies fast, then?
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 10.ogg}} '''Otto''' So far we haven't managed to catch him... Our plan this time was to draw him into the Cathedral with a precious artifact, and ambush him inside.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 11.ogg}} '''Otto:''' ...But he escaped with the artifact.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 12.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Fortunately, one of the Sisters put some secret markings on the artifact using elemental magic!
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 13.ogg}} '''Otto:''' ...But he was too fast, and we couldn't even keep up with the trail the markings left behind.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Well, if you need help chasing down a gliding criminal, I'm the one for the job! So tell me, which way did he go?
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 otto 14.ogg}} '''Otto:''' As far as I know, he was last seen near Springvale, but that was some time ago.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Leave it to me! With me and (Traveler) chasing him down together he doesn't stand a chance.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} So... I passed?
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Once we've got this Raptor guy, we'll pick up where we left off.
:{{A|vo ablq003 8 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But no need to worry... I'll be sure to have a word with Jean.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mondstadt Glider
|zhs     = 蒙德城的飞行者
|zhs_rm  = Méngdé Chéng de Fēixíng Zhě
|zht     = 蒙德城的飛行者
|zht_rm  = Méngdé Chéng de Fēixíng Zhě
|zh_tl   = Mondstadt's Flier
|ja      = モンド城の飛行者
|ja_rm   = Mondo-jou no Hikousha{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Glider of the City of Mondstadt
|ko      = 몬드성의 비행자
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Un planeador en la ciudad de Mondstadt
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Planeur de Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = Mondstadt Glider
|ru      = Планерист Мондштадта
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = นักบินแห่งเมือง Mondstadt
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phi Hành Gia Của Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Flug über Mondstadt
|de_tl   = A Flight over Mondstadt
|id      = Peluncur Mondstadt
|id_tl   = Mondstadt Glider
|pt      = Planador de Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
[[es:Un planeador en la ciudad de Mondstadt]]