{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Montluson.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           =
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|relativeNote     = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Montluson''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Montluson is the owner of a printing company based out of [[Fontaine]]. In his work, Montluson believed that he had invented a brand new dye, intending to advertise it throughout Fontaine. However, he was met with disappointment after learning from [[Otila]] that his dye was considered to be similar to that used in a [[Natlan]] woven scroll that dated back two hundred years. At some point, Montluson got in contact with the Fatui Harbinger [[Pantalone]], who was revealed to be interested in disrupting Fontaine's economic system. Seeing the economic potential Montluson could bring, Pantalone decided to sign an agreement with him, with Pantalone lending his Fatui subordinates to Montluson. Montluson would go to Natlan, discover the location of the dye, and destroy it. He even managed to successfully contract [[Allier]] &mdash; a member of the [[Fontaine Research Institute]] &mdash; to help out, though the latter had zero clue about Montluson's true intentions.<ref name="Seven-Hued Ruins">{{Ref/Quest|Seven-Hued Ruins}}</ref>

During Montluson's investigation, he learned of the Battle of Seven Colors, during which the great shaman [[Huitzilin]] of the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] turned the tide of battle using a "color" that she had created. Believing this to be the dye that he was seeking, Montluson first hired people to spread misinformation and rumors about the battle in order to generate discussion about it.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Color of Memory}}</ref> Despite this, Montluson still could not obtain any useful information about the battle nor the dye. His various applications to visit the Obsidian Altar were also all rejected, and the woven scrolls he received from the Masters of the Night-Wind proved to be of little help. He later learned of Huitzilin's rival [[Citlali]] and her ability to have a longer lifespan than ordinary humans, intending to seek her out for more information about the battle and act as a consultant. Coincidentally, Montluson crossed paths with the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]]. He successfully roped them in, asking the Traveler to convince Citlali to assist with the investigation. The latter agreed, though only for the Traveler's sake.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Commission Catches You in Natlan}}</ref>

In a bid to further convince Citlali to help him, he tried to promise bringing her out-of-print light novels as the latter is an avid reader of them. However, Citlali began to grow suspicious of Montluson after he failed to recognize two titles that she had mentioned, which were supposedly commercial successes all across [[Teyvat]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Please, great shaman!}}</ref> Her doubts were proven true when [[Grudoc]], who was sent to help with Montluson's plot, attempted to destroy a sphere that acted as a miniature blueprint containing Huitzilin's special dye. Fortunately, the Traveler stopped Grudoc in time, forcing Montluson to reveal his plot. He intended to destroy the dye so as to market his own as a brand new innovation. However, after Grudoc realized that dealing with the Traveler and Citlali was proving to be problematic, he ditched Montluson and attempted to leave, only to be struck by Citlali. To evade capture, Grudoc attempted to destroy the sphere again, causing everyone to split up.

Montluson managed to escape the cave before it collapsed from Grudoc's explosives but was captured by the Masters of the Night-Wind's [[Iktomisaur]]s. It turned out that due to Citlali's earlier suspicions, she informed Elder [[Tlapo]] about Montluson, allowing them to capture him. Elder Tlapo even used his special technique, causing Montluson to hallucinate his worst fear &mdash; bankruptcy. Elder Tlapo and the Iktomisaurs kept their eyes on Montluson before handing him over to the custody of the tribal guards.<ref name="Seven-Hued Ruins /> The tribe is planning to work with the Fontainian authorities to prosecute him for his actions.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
==Trivia==
*{{w|Montluçon}} is a commune in central France located in the {{w|Allier}} département.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Montluson
|zhs      = 蒙吕松
|zhs_rm   = Ménglǚsōng
|zht      = 蒙呂松
|zht_rm   = Ménglǚsōng
|ja       = モンリュソン
|ja_rm    = Monryuson
|ko       = 몽뤼송
|es       = Montluson
|fr       = Montluson
|ru       = Монлюсон
|th       = Montluson
|vi       = Montluson
|de       = Montluson
|id       = Montluson
|pt       = Montluson
|tr       = Montluson
|it       = Montluson
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}