{{Event Tabs
|subpage1=Moonchase Tales
|subpage2=Moonlight Seeker
|subpage3=Trail of Delicacies
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = Moonlight Merriment Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = Moonlight Merriment
}}
'''Moonlight Merriment''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|28;A New Star Approaches;Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip|display=bullet|requirements=1}}

==List of Parts==
* Part I - [[One for the Foodies, Two for the Show]]
* Part II - [[Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go]]

==Summary==
===Part I - One for the Foodies, Two for the Show===
{{Main|One for the Foodies, Two for the Show}}
During their travels, [[Paimon]] suggests to the [[Traveler]] that they head to [[Wanmin Restaurant]] for a nice meal as the weather is reminding her of it. At the restaurant, they are greeted by [[Xiangling]] and her father [[Chef Mao]]. Xiangling reveals that the [[Moonlight Merriment]] festival is about to start and she is partaking in a cooking competition but needs some normal inspiration to create her dish. They decide to first ask [[Hu Tao]] and [[Baizhu]] for some advice. Deciding they need more selective options, they head to [[Yujing Terrace]] and find [[Beidou]], [[Ningguang]] and [[Keqing]] next to a mysterious rock. The rock had been fished out from the sea but no one is sure as to what may be inside it.

Keqing reveals that [[Keqing's Grandfather|her grandfather]] had studied Liyue traditions and that the [[Stove God]] may be different from [[Morax]], suggesting they head to [[Qingce Village]] for their historical texts. There, they run into [[Xingqiu]] and [[Chongyun]]. Xingqiu lets Keqing borrow some texts, where she finds information of the Stove God making an appearance at the [[Guili Assembly]]. [[Wangshu Inn]] is close by the area, so they head there and run into [[Smiley Yanxiao]], who brings them some old texts in return for Traveler teaching him how to make [[Satisfying Salad]]. Keqing and Xiangling find more information, although it conflicts with what they had known. Nonetheless, Yanxiao makes a meal for the group. As he brings the food, Xiangling realizes that he is her destined competitor and Yanxiao also reveals that he is attending the competition.

Returning to [[Liyue Harbor]], Keqing goes off to look for the recipe her grandfather had while the rest return to the restaurant, where they are unexpectedly greeted by [[Cloud Retainer]]. Keqing soon arrives with the recipe on hand, upon which Xiangling believes that the Stove God may have been an [[adeptus]]. They head to her "master", [[Madame Ping]], who explains about the history behind the Moonlight Merriment. Keqing is soon taken away on new developments and as the rest of the group catch up to her, they find that the statue has begun to crack.

===Part II - Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go===
{{Main|Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go}}
With most of the competition cleared, Xiangling has the Traveler and Paimon accompany her to get more feedback for the finale. They first run into [[Beidou]] and [[Xinyan]]. After they give some feedback, Paimon suggests to Xiangling to find someone with milder tastes - the Traveler immediately thinks of [[Xiao]] and calls for him in a secluded area of the wharf. Xiao praises Xiangling for her cooking but suggests a few modifications on her dishes before he leaves.

The next day, the finale starts as Xiangling cooks off against Yanxiao. She finishes first before noticing Yanxiao is having difficulty before Guoba heads to his table and cheers him on. Yanxiao finishes his dishes and as the judges taste, they declare Xiangling the winner. The two then taste each other's dishes and leave on good terms. The Traveler and Paimon find a despondent Keqing nearby, who is upset that she chose Yanxiao over Xiangling because he had made [[Golden Shrimp Balls]]. Xiangling is surprised at this reasoning and reassures her that she has nothing to worry about. Returning to the statue, there has been no change so Xiangling suggests making the [[Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns]] that Ping had filled out for her. The Traveler and Xiangling return with them and give it to Keqing. As she finds herself enjoying the food, the rock cracks and reveals a statue of Guoba.

Xiangling is surprised to see the Guoba statue before Ping comes in and explains that Guoba is the God of the Stove they had been looking for. Guoba was formerly Marchosius and he had given up his powers to protect the lands of Liyue, becoming smaller and less intelligent. By the time Xiangling had found him, he had lost the ability to speak, yet is able to remember those familiar to him. Returning to Wanmin Restaurant, Guoba storms off as soon as they arrive, but it is due to [[Zhongli]]'s arrival, who Guoba had sensed was familiar to him.

==World Quests==
* [[Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part I]]
* [[Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part II]]
* [[Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part III]]
* [[The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival]]

==Event NPCs==
The following [[NPC]]s only appear as part of this event, either as regular NPCs that appear in the open world or as quest-only NPCs:

{| class="article-table align-center"
!NPC !! Open World !! Quests !! class="unsortable"|Notes
|-
|[[Linyang]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || align="left"|NPC for [[Moonlight Seeker]] hints.
|-
|[[Sheng]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || align="left"|NPC for Moonlight Merriment [[One for the Foodies, Two for the Show|story]].
|-
|}

==NPC Interactions==
The following is a list of regular (not event-exclusive) NPCs who appear in Event Quests and/or have unique idle quotes and dialogue during this event.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
! Name !! Quests !! Idle Quotes !! Dialogue
|-
| [[Changchang]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Changchang|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Changchang|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Chef Mao]] || {{check|yes|One for the Foodies, Two for the Show}} || {{check|yes|Chef Mao|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Chef Mao|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Part 2">The introductory dialogue changes after completing Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go. The dialogue options and responses do not change.</ref>
|-
| [[Freki]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Freki|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Freki|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only">Only the introductory dialogue changes; dialogue options and responses are the same as normal.</ref>
|-
| [[Geri]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Geri|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Geri|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Hao (Liyue Harbor)|Hao]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Hao (Liyue Harbor)|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Hao (Liyue Harbor)|Moonlight Merriment}}
|-
| [[Huai'an]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Huai'an|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Huai'an|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Huihui]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Huihui|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Huihui|Moonlight Merriment}}
|-
| [[Huixin]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Huixin|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Huixin|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Iron Tongue Tian]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Iron Tongue Tian|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|no}}
|-
| [[Ivanovich]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Ivanovich|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Ivanovich|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
|[[Jiangxue]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Jiangxue|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Jiangxue|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Part 2">The introductory dialogue changes after completing Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go. The dialogue options and responses do not change.</ref>
|-
| [[Linlang]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Linlang|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Linlang|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Madame Ping]] || {{check|yes|Madame Ping|Events}} || {{check|yes|Madame Ping|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Madame Ping|Moonlight Merriment}}
|-
| [[Manager Kuan]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Manager Kuan|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Manager Kuan|Moonlight Merriment}}
|-
| [[Musheng]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Musheng|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Musheng|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only">Only the introductory dialogue changes; dialogue options and responses are the same as normal.</ref>
|-
| [[Nadia]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Nadia|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Nadia|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Nadia-Vlad">Nadia and Vlad have dialogue together; it follows up on their [[Nadia#Lantern Rite|event dialogue]] during [[Lantern Rite]].</ref>
|-
| [[Nervous An]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Nervous An|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Nervous An|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Smiley Yanxiao]] || {{check|yes|Smiley Yanxiao|Events}} || {{check|yes|Smiley Yanxiao|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Smiley Yanxiao|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Part 2">The introductory dialogue changes after completing Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go. The dialogue options and responses do not change.</ref>
|-
| [[Verr Goldet]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Verr Goldet|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Verr Goldet|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Vlad]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Vlad|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Vlad|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Nadia-Vlad" />
|-
| [[Yicheng]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Yicheng|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Yicheng|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only" />
|-
| [[Yiran]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Yiran|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Yiran|Moonlight Merriment}}
|-
| [[Zhang Shun]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes|Zhang Shun|Idle Quotes}} || {{check|yes|Zhang Shun|Moonlight Merriment}}<br><ref group="Note" name="Intro Only">Only the introductory dialogue changes; dialogue options and responses are the same as normal.</ref>
|-
|}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Moonlight Merriment|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Moonlight Merriment}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Moonlight Merriment Soundtracks|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
* The titles of the two Event Quests are "One for the Foodies, Two for the Show," "Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go." These two titles combined are in the form of a ''{{w|Antithetical couplet|couplet}}''.
** The Chinese version: {{zh|一筷食二轮烹三餐尽欢四海扬名五味俱全|tl=One pair of chopsticks, Two turns of cooking, Three happy meals leads to fame in Four seas, Five tastes are well presented}} / {{zh|六情通七仙贺八方飘香九霄得闻十分完满|tl=Six moods are heard by Seven adepti, Tasty aura flood the Eight corners to let the Nine sky know, Ten out of ten perfection}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[ja:韶光撫月/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Acariciar Gentilmente a Lua/História]]
[[ru:Лунное утешение/История]]