{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01011
|image         = NPC Location Shitou Context.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = II
|act           = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|part          = 2
|description   = [[Childe]] introduced you to [[Zhongli]], a consultant at [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]. You agree to help Zhongli organize the [[Rite of Parting]] in the hope of seeing the Geo Archon again.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = An Organization Known as Wangsheng
|next          = Three Poignant Perfumes
|exp           = 625
|mora          = 22,850
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Paimon;Shitou;Traveler;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|2|part=2}}
==Steps==
# Go and buy Noctilucous Jade
# Look for the Meaty tribe's giant cooking pot
#* This location is in [[Dadaupa Gorge]] in Mondstadt, not Liyue.
# Defeat the [[Hilichurls]]
# Approach the giant cooking pot
# Use Pyro to heat the pot
#* Don't worry about overheating the pot; dialogue will play once the appropriate temperature is reached.
# Defeat the Hilichurls
# Use Pyro to heat the pot again
# Defeat the Hilichurls
# Use Pyro to heat the pot again
# Return to [[Liyue Harbor]] and find [[Shitou]]
#* The Noctilucous Jade that was the last to glow is the shiniest.
# Put the Noctilucous Jade in place

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Shitou)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 01.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Welcome to the Jade Mystery, my good friends! Would you like to try your luck betting on jade? This could be your lucky day.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 02.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' It's cheap and it's fun, and who knows, you might just strike it rich!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Betting? No, no, we're here for... um, what was it again?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Noctilucous Jade, of radiant grade at the very least.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 03.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Radiant grade Noctilucous Jade? I see, you're not a tourist. My apologies. I have some here for your perusal...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 04.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' What do you think? The Jade Mystery is an old name in the jade business. Just look at that wonderful quality! Rex Lapis doesn't often bless us with such finery. Go on, pick whichever one you like!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These three pieces really do look pretty, not like the ones you usually dig up...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But how do we pick? Should we just grab one and go?
:{{DIcon}} A man who makes his living off betting on stones can't be trusted so lightly.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 02a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Very good. It seems you have learned some tricks of the trade.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you think, Mr. Zhongli? How should we pick from these pieces of Noctilucous Jade?
:{{DIcon}} What do you think, Mr. Zhongli?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh? You want me to decide? That is fine as well.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If it were me, the answer would be simple.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? And that would be...?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I'll take them all, boss.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 05.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Oh, you act with such panache, good sir! I always knew you were not a man of ordinary caliber!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! Wait! Boss, that one didn't count! We need to discuss it again!
:;(Talking to Zhongli in private)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! If we only need one for the ritual, aren't we wasting three times the Mora if we buy them all!?
:{{DIcon}} That's true.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, it's two times more Mora.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, Mora. Hmm...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It is as you say. I suppose I overlooked this particular aspect of the transaction.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How do you not think about Mora when buying things!?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If one must always consider Mora before acting, then in all things one is bound by Mora.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh... What?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' All Mora is currency, but not all currency is Mora.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ???
:{{DIcon}} He's talking about economics.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 11a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this how the rich live?
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 11a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, he knows a lot about big money, but not a lot about big savings.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like he's loaded.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 11b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So loaded that he doesn't even bother hunting for a bargain.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' No need to waver. Even when I am constrained by Mora, I have ways of working around my limitations.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Evaluating the quality of Noctilucous Jade is indeed very tricky. As crude ore, there is little difference in texture, lustrousness, and internal pattern between good and bad jade.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Only after the item made using Noctilucous Jade has taken shape, will you be able to see whether it is up to par or not.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If you return to those crafty merchants to quibble, they will counter by saying that your crafting bench is to blame, or that your heat control was poor.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! To think it's that easy to get cheated...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But there is a way to truly evaluate this jade, and a true insider would know it.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' "A fool sees the pointer and misses the moon."
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What does that mean?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If you point at the moon with your finger, a wise man knows that you are pointing at the moon, while a fool will only see the finger.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 17.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The patterns, the facade, these are all the "finger." Noctilucous Jade is a mystical stone used to light up the darkness, and so its brightness is the most important thing &mdash; it is the "moon."
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 18.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Noctilucous Jade of excellent quality would have superior Pyro affinity. In other words, the bluer and brighter the luster of the ore under high temperature, the higher its quality.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't realize you were such an expert...
:{{DIcon}} Is this normal life for a high-class gentleman?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 19.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I have imparted the priceless secrets of the jade trade to you. Now all that's left is to put it into practice.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Priceless, huh... Paimon's just sad that we might never be able to use it again...
:;(Talking again to Shitou)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back to buy some rocks, boss. But can you let us burn them first?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 06.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' B–burn them? You can't do that, my friends! If you were to do so, what would I have to sell?
:{{DIcon}} Then, can we get some small samples?
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 07a.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' That... Well, fine. As you wish, then.
:{{DIcon}} Then I'm not buying any.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 07b.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Not buying...? Ah, come, come now, my good friends... we can still discuss this. Negotiation is key to trade, wouldn't you say?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 08.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' How about this? I can take a small sample of all three. I'll take a bit of a loss &mdash; we'll count it as a friendly gesture.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 20.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Don't worry, I know the rules. As long as we can prove that it is good jade, you will not take a loss.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 09.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Alright. Take these as samples. I've carved them off with a knife and tagged them to boot.
:{{DIcon}} These samples...
:{{DIcon}} So thin...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Aren't these too thin?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even paper's thicker. No, even a bug's wings are thicker! These are almost see-through!
:{{DIcon}} How stingy...
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 10a.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Stingy? I've already been very generous. Any more, and you may as well have my neck!
:{{DIcon}} This is impressive handiwork.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 10b 1.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Hahaha. You flatter me, but I have to be gentle with these rocks. They are my pride and joy!
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 10b 2.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' If I'd taken off even a bit more, it would have killed me.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But wouldn't something this thin go poof if we held it to the fire?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 21.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It can't be helped. Trying to deprive a merchant of his profits would be like forcing a ravenous wolf to vomit up the food in its stomach. Nonetheless, under the right conditions, these thin slices will serve.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What sort of conditions?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 22.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' While we add the high temperatures using Pyro, we can use Hydro to reinforce it from within. This way, the samples will not disintegrate immediately.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 shitou 11.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Oh? Oh, sir, to think you were this learned... Thank you for your understanding!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 23.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Strictly speaking, asking for samples when we have not yet agreed to purchase the goods is unfair. Trade in Liyue must be based upon fairness.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, guess we just need to find a place to try this out...
:{{DIcon}} I remember this spot in the Dadaupa Gorge...
:{{DIcon}} How about the kitchen at [[Xiangling]]'s place...
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean at [[Wanmin Restaurant]]? As long as we do it when she's not in...
::{{A|vo lyaq102 1 zhongli 24.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That would not do. It is a place where people come and go. They would be endangered if the elemental reaction were to get out of control... We cannot take such a risk.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Paimon remembers! We once saw this {{Color|buzzword|biiiiig pot}} down at the {{Color|buzzword|Dadaupa Gorge}}, in the camp of the hilichurls from the Meaty Tribe! It's real sturdy, and should be able to take the elemental reactions!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 1 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), now, let's pack those samples up and make a move!
:;(Obtain [[Noctilucous Jade Sample]])

;(Talk to Shitou again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq102 shitou 01.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' How is it? Anywhere near reaching a decision?
----
;(After entering Dadaupa Gorge region)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 2 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It has been a long time since I last set foot in the nation of wind.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 2 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A friend of mine from Mondstadt would always bring a few bottles of locally brewed dandelion wine whenever he came to visit me in Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 2 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It must be said that the famed liquor of the Land of Pastorals is far better than Sumeru's frigid snake wine.
;(Upon reaching the pot in Dadaupa Gorge)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the pot! It looks like the hilichurls are still using it.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a bit impolite, but we gotta cut the line.
;(After defeating the hilichurls and approaching the pot)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's still soup in here. These hilichurls sure have big appetites!
:{{DIcon}} Well, it's our lab now.
:{{DIcon}} Shame to let it go to waste...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This soup looks like it could be used as our Hydro elemental protection. Let's fire it up and begin our experiment!
;(You place the samples into the pot)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're ready to go! Paimon will help remember which one of the three is which!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Use {{Color|buzzword|Pyro}} to keep making the pot hotter, until we get the results we need.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mr. Zhongli said that the {{Color|buzzword|shinier and bluer}} the ore gets, the better it is, so pay close attention!
;(After heating up the first sample, more hilichurls spawn)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! That light came from the first Noctilucous Jade!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hilichurls are surrounding us again! Were they attracted by the light?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Such nosy neighbors! Let's take care of them and continue again after!
;(After heating up the second sample, more hilichurls spawn)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That light came from the second Noctilucous Jade, didn't it?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' More hilichurls! They don't give up, do they?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like they're mad that we ruined their food.
;(After heating up the third sample)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ow! That's bright! Too bright! That was the third Noctilucous Jade, wasn't it?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was so much shinier than the rest. Let's go with that one!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), let's head back to The Jade Mystery to buy some jade, shall we?
----
;(Return to Liyue Harbor and talk to Shitou)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 01.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' You're back, my friends! I've kept the goods for you. Which of them would you like?
:{{DIcon}} I would like the first Noctilucous Jade.
:{{DIcon}} I would like the second Noctilucous Jade.
:;(Dialogue for picking either one)
::{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? No, it wasn't that one, Paimon remembers that it wasn't very bright.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Think a bit harder...
::;(If you pick the other wrong option, Paimon repeats this dialogue)
:{{DIcon}} I would like the third Noctilucous Jade.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly, that's the one Paimon remembers too!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 02.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' No problem. If you have your eye on this one, you can have it.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Then we'll take a box of the third type of jade.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 03.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Done!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 04.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' All the same... Pardon me for asking, but I'm curious. Whatever do you need this much top-quality Noctilucous Jade for?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm. I suppose it would not hurt to tell you. We need them to make implements for the [[Rite of Parting]].
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 05.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Parting...!? Oh dear... I'd heard the rumors but hadn't given much thought to them. This... this means that [[Rex Lapis]] really is...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 06.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' ...It's hard to believe. Even though the Jade Mystery has been in decline, we have always been under his protection.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 07.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' It is said that when our Lord lost his way while going incognito in the city two hundred years ago, it was a spoon from The Jade Mystery<!--yes, "The" is inconsistently capitalized--> that he had used to sample the local delights.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 08.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Alas, alas, all things must pass... Well, if this is to be used to say farewell to Rex Lapis, then I shall sell this to you at half the price.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure? You didn't wanna even give us an inch before...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 09.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' If not for our Lord's protection, this city wouldn't exist as it does now. No proprietor could earn money off such a thing.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww... I'm sure Rex Lapis will feel your sentiment, boss.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' In the safe hands of the [[Liyue Qixing]] and good, honest merchants such as yourself, I, for one, believe that Liyue will continue to prosper as it always has done.
:{{DIcon}} So let's not get ourselves down just yet.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 10.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Alright... thank you, my friends. Hah, what's with me, getting all sentimental like this? I'll practically be giving away all my fortune at this rate.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Now that we've made our choice, let's take this Noctilucous Jade back.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, wait a minute! He said it was half price, not that we could leave without paying!
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, right, I'm sorry. I must have forgotten to do that too. Let me see...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...As I thought, I didn't bring any.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Any what?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Mora. My apologies, another oversight on my part.
:{{DIcon}} What a strange take on the value of money...
:{{DIcon}} A local of Liyue who doesn't have money on their mind...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That won't do, this isn't some small sum... Oh wait, didn't Childe give us some advance funds earlier?
:{{DIcon}} I have them on me.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew! Have a look, boss, is it enough?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 shitou 11.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' It's fine, just enough for half price... though to be honest, it'd be alright even if the sum wasn't quite enough.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well, it's settled, then. Let's take this jade to Yujing Terrace. That's where we plan to hold the Rite...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look at you, bossing everyone around! You didn't cough up a single Mora!
:{{DIcon}} Please remember to bring money next time.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 09a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I will do my best. You have my thanks.
:{{DIcon}} Guess we need to find Childe for more funding.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 9 zhongli 09b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Mm, it seems that we must. I will keep that in mind. Thanks, both of you.

;(Talk to Shitou again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq102 shitou 02.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Ah... Rex Lapis... Rex Lapis...
----
;(After putting the Noctilucous Jade in place)
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We can leave the jade here. I have already called for a jewelsmith to shape them into the implements that we will need.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ah, yes. I have yet to go and see Childe. So as for the jewelsmith's remuneration...
:{{DIcon}} We'll pay the jewelsmith when he arrives.
:{{DIcon}} Fingers crossed Childe will reimburse us...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we can't do anything else. Also, is this where we're doing the Rite of Parting?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes. I have already rented this location, and have begun making preparations for the rite.
:{{DIcon}} The Rite of Descension took place here, too.
::{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 04a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That's right. The Liyue Qixing have acquiesced to using the same location.
:{{DIcon}} So we're just using the scene of the crime to...
::{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 04b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The Liyue Qixing have agreed to this arrangement.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But when something this big happened here... should suspects like us really be at the crime scene? We might get caught by the Millelith.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although with that said, since we got back from Jueyun Karst, none of those pesky Millelith soldiers have come chasing after us. Wonder what that's about...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, the, uh, Rex Lapis' vessel...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Traditionally, we call it the Exuvia.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, right. That's what it was called! You seem to know everything, Mr. Zhongli. Um, so, was this Exuvia hidden away by the Qixing? I mean, we haven't even figured out who the murderer is...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' One must think that they already have someone in mind. Or perhaps they already know. Surely they must have found all the evidence that there is to find here.
:{{DIcon}} It still feels very odd.
:{{DIcon}} Seems a bit too easy-going...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' These things are for the authorities in Yujing Terrace to consider. Trying to help would probably only add to their troubles.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Before the Rite is conducted, the Exuvia will be kept temporarily in the [[Golden House]].
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Golden House?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The only mint in Liyue... which is to say the only mint in [[Teyvat]]. All the Mora that flows throughout the world is minted there.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, Paimon wasn't thinking about anything bad. Paimon thinks it suits Morax.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why do you know this, Mr. Zhongli?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Since the Rite of Parting has the approval of the Qixing, it is a semi-official event. As such, there is already some limited information available.
:{{DIcon}} The Qixing provide the location, and Childe the funds...
:{{DIcon}} They must have some ulterior motive...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Perhaps each has their motives... but this is the capital of commerce. A little exploitation once in a while is not unacceptable.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' In Liyue, where the God of Contracts reigns, only contracts may not be betrayed. I for one have no issue with little maneuvers outside their remit.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well then, we should go and prepare the {{Color|buzzword|perfumes}} used in the Rite.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Perfumes? Where'll we get those? Do we buy them?
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' No, perfumes used to honor the gods must be freshly decocted. The quality of the {{Color|buzzword|Silk Flowers}} we require is also special.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Silk Flower petals contain a fibrous material of good quality, often used in brocade-making. Its scent, however, is most elegant, and is especially suited for solemn events like giving offerings to gods and adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's time for Zhongli's lectures on high society again...
:{{A|vo lyaq102 10 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We shall not speak of the details right now. Follow me, we shall go to the merchants to purchase our ingredients.

;(Observe the Noctilucous Jade)
:'''Observe the Noctilucous Jade:''' (Only Noctilucous Jade of radiant grade at the very least is acceptable for use in the Rite of Parting.)
:'''Observe the Noctilucous Jade:''' (Who'd have thought the hilichurls' cooking pot in Dadaupa Gorge would be a reliable means of assessing the quality...)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Differences between voice lines and their official transcription:
** When Paimon says "Phew!", her voice line says "Phew, that's a relief!"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Moonfinger
|zhs     = 指月
|zhs_rm  = Zhǐ Yuè
|zht     = 指月
|zht_rm  = Zhǐ Yuè
|zh_tl   = Pointing at the Moon
|ja      = 月を指す
|ja_rm   = Tsuki wo Sasu
|ja_tl   = Pointing at the Moon
|ko      = 달 가리키기
|ko_rm   = Dal Garikigi
|ko_tl   = Pointing at the Moon
|es      = El dedo y la Luna
|es_tl   = The Finger and the Moon
|fr      = Quand on montre la lune...
|fr_tl   = When One Points at the Moon...
|ru      = Только дурак смотрит на палец
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Moonfinger
|vi      = Chỉ Trăng
|vi_tl   = Pointing at the Moon
|de      = Bei Mondenschein
|de_tl   = In the Moonlight
|id      = Moonfinger
|pt      = Apontando para Lua
|pt_tl   = Pointing to the Moon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]
[[pt-br:Apontando para Lua]]