{{Item Infobox
|id          = 000202
|image       = Item Mora.png
|type        = Common Currencies
|quality     = 3
|description = Common currency. The one language everybody speaks.
|source1     = [[Ley Line Outcrops|Blossoms of Wealth]]
|source2     = [[Quest]] Reward
|source3     = Defeating [[Monsters]]
|source4     = Opening [[Chests]]
|source5     = [[Events]]
|source6     = {{Sold By|Mora}}
|source7     = [[HoYoLAB Community Daily Check-In]]
|source8     = [[Investigation]]
|source9     = [[Expeditions]]
|source10    = [[Parametric Transformer]]
}}
'''Mora''' is the main [[currency]] unit used to purchase various items and upgrades in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''. It is also used in [[crafting]], the upgrade of [[Artifact]]s, and leveling [[character]]s.

The currency is accepted worldwide in [[Teyvat]]. It is also considered a "catalyst" which can bring about physical transformation, which explains its usage in crafting. It is named after its creator, the Geo [[Archon]] [[Morax]].

==Acquisition==
There are numerous ways to acquire Mora and it is a common reward for many tasks. They include:
* Claiming rewards from [[Ley Line Outcrops|Blossoms of Wealth]] using [[Original Resin]]
* Completing [[Daily Commissions]]
* Completing [[Domains]]
* Completing [[Quests]]
* Opening [[Chests]] and [[Smashed Stone]]s
* Completing [[Bounties]] and [[World Quests|Requests]] for [[Reputation]]
* Exchanging [[Sigils]] in the [[Souvenir Shop]]s and some [[Offering System]]
* Reaching specific Levels in the [[Battle Pass]]
* Exchanging [[Masterless Stardust]] in [[Paimon's Bargains#Masterless Stardust Exchange|Paimon's Bargains]] [[Shop]]
* Hitting [[Weasel Thief|Weasel Thieves]]
* Killing [[Enemies]] in the world
* [[Artifacts#Destroying|Destroying]] 1-Star to 4-Star [[Artifacts]]
* Exchanging [[A Huge Bag of Mora]] with [[Ekaterina]] at the Liyue [[Northland Bank]]
* Checking in a certain number of times for the [[HoYoLAB Community Daily Check-In]]
* Interacting with [[Investigation]] spots around [[Teyvat]]
* Sending characters on [[Expeditions]] at [[Stormterror's Lair]], [[Dihua Marsh]], [[Jueyun Karst]], [[Jinren Island]], [[Tatarasuna]], [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Erinnyes]], and [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]].
* Additional point of [[Adventure EXP]] after Adventure Rank 60 is reached (Every Adventure EXP converts to 10 Mora)
* Completing various [[Events]]

==Shop Availability==
'''Mora''' can usually be purchased with alternative currency like [[Sigils]] or [[Realm Currency]]. {{Shop Availability|currency=}}
Tubby's note refers to required [[Trust Rank]].
<!--
==Craft Usage==
{{Craft Usage}}
-->
==Battle Pass==
{{Main|Battle Pass}}
If Mora is chosen as part of the BP Reward Plan, a total of 540,000 Mora can be obtained. If Gnostic Hymn has been purchased, then an additional total of 1,620,000 Mora can be obtained.

==Descriptions==
{{Description|The currency accepted worldwide in Teyvat. None dispute its value and status.|[[Loading Screen]]}}
{{Description|It is a catalyst of sorts, in that it is a medium for physical transformation. That is why so many things can only be accomplished through the use of Mora.|[[Loading Screen]]}}

==Trivia==
* {{Mail Attachments by Category List}}
* The triangular symbol in the Mora coins is a {{w|triquetra}}.
* The currency is named after the Geo Archon, Morax. However, in [[Liyue]], he is called Rex Lapis by locals, and it is considered impolite for outsiders to refer to him as Morax.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Rite of Descension}}</ref> This is likely a matter of politeness, as Morax is the Geo Archon's name while Rex Lapis is more of a title.
* Mora coins are identical on both sides, meaning that they cannot be used for {{w|coin flipping}} without marking one side to distinguish it from the other. Despite this hurdle, coin flipping is still a recognized way to settle disputes in Teyvat, and the two sides of the coin are still referred to as "heads" and "tails" despite neither side having a head.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze}}</ref>
* In the world of Teyvat, Mora is consumed by the weapons it enhances since it is a catalyst.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Shadow of Yore}}</ref>
* Mora is exclusively minted at the [[Golden House]].
* According to [[Zhongli]], Mora cannot be minted without the Geo Archon's power, presumably his [[Gnosis]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref> It is unknown if others can use the Geo Archon's power to mint Mora.
** This does not explain how Mora is generated from Blossoms of Wealth.
* It is unknown how much Mora is in circulation prior to the events of ''[[A New Star Approaches]]''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Mora
|zhs     = 摩拉
|zhs_rm  = Mólā
|zht     = 摩拉
|zht_rm  = Mólā
|ja      = モラ
|ja_rm   = Mora
|ko      = 모라
|es      = Mora
|fr      = Mora
|ru      = Мора
|th      = Mora
|vi      = Mora
|de      = Mora
|id      = Mora
|pt      = Mora
|tr      = Mora
|it      = Mora
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Precious Navbox|Currency}}

[[de:Mora]]
[[es:Mora]]
[[fr:Mora]]
[[id:Mora]]
[[ja:モラ]]
[[pl:Mora]]
[[pt-br:Mora]]
[[ru:Мора]]
[[th:Mora]]
[[tr:Mora]]
[[uk:Мора]]
[[vi:Mora]]
[[zh:摩拉]]