{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Morning Dew's Moment.png
|set   = Shimenawa's Reminiscence
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A bronze pocket watch adorned with twisted paper cord and a bell. Its hands are forever frozen at the dawn of a certain autumn day.}}
'''Morning Dew's Moment''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence]].

==Description==
An elegant watch adorned with a shrine bell.<br />The hands always point towards the wee hours of the morning.

As the sky brightens, morning dew condenses and then disappears.<br />As beautiful as this colorful scenery may be, it is still short-lived.

I once enjoyed the chirping of cicadas and the moonlight with Lady Saiguu on a slope in the middle of an autumn night.<br />Back then, I was just a shrine maiden from the country, young and stubborn.<br />Like a chirping finch, noisily insisting on my own view.<br />A faint smile that crossed the mouth of Lady Kitsune fascinated me, but her words were — and remain — incomprehensible:

"Trying to hold on to a moment's beauty is like foolishly trying to grasp the morning dew."<br />"Like the morning dew, I have already passed away. All you have seen of me is but a residual vision, born of your wishes."

In that vague memory, she kept saying some incomprehensible things. Her expression as sorrowful as the eighth month's moon, and I suddenly...<br />Then she rapped me over the head with her tobacco pipe, wearing her usual expression of rebuke and mockery:

"Hibiki, the sun's about to rise."<br />"We should head back."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Morning Dew's Moment
|zhs     = 朝露之时
|zhs_rm  = Zhāolù zhī Shí
|zht     = 朝露之時
|zht_rm  = Zhāolù zhī Shí
|zh_tl   = Morning Dew's Moment
|ja      = 朝露の時
|ja_rm   = Asatsuyu no Toki
|ja_tl   = Morning Dew's Moment
|ko      = 아침 이슬의 시간
|ko_rm   = Achim Iseul-ui Sigan
|ko_tl   = Time of Morning Dew
|es      = Reloj de la Transitoriedad
|es_tl   = Transience Watch
|fr      = Horloge de l'aube
|fr_tl   = Clock of the Dawn
|ru      = Мгновение росы
|ru_tl   = Dew's Moment
|th      = Morning Dew's Moment
|vi      = Khoảnh Khắc Sương Sớm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Augenblick des Morgentaus
|de_tl   = Moment of the Morning Dew
|id      = Morning Dew's Moment
|pt      = Relógio da Alvorada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sabah Çiyi Saati
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Orologio della rugiada mattutina
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}

[[fr:Horloge de l'aube]]
[[ja:朝露の時]]