{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Moseis.png
|realname         = Beynuni
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = Kshahrewar
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm8338757|Talon Warburton]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Talon_Warburton/status/1590569707153018881 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = {{w|ja:山口正秀|Yamaguchi Masahide ({{ja|山口正秀}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/murosan_/status/1588124613179248641 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Moseis''', real name '''Beynuni''', is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears as the main antagonist in [[Nahida]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter]] Act I: [[Lingering Warmth]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
Beynuni was a [[Kshahrewar]] scholar who was interested in dreams. When he enrolled in the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], he met [[Emira]] and the two reciprocated their feelings. However, Emira was afflicted with [[Eleazar]] and soon died from complications, causing him to grow depressed. However, he soon began to experiment to create a "hyper-realistic" person through the dreams, using the [[Akasha System]] to power his experiments. To further invest in the experiment, he soon uploaded his consciousness into the Akasha. He also had other unwilling test subjects enter his dream under the pretense of treating mental illnesses.

During the events of [[Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises]], Nahida eventually turned the Akasha System off, causing him to become trapped as he had no way to return to his body. Initially in a panic, he then realized he could draw on a person's energy, which he proceeded to do by using his "patients" as energy sources to sustain himself and his dream. This eventually caught the attention of the [[Traveler]] and Nahida due to his subjects unintentionally putting themselves in danger during their dreams, during which they managed to locate his dream and confronted him. To protect his experiment, he began to use the dream to summon monsters, but it eventually spiraled out of control when he tried to summon stronger ones, which also "killed" Emira in the dream and transformed her into a [[Rockfond Rifthound]].

After "Emira" was killed, Moseis became depressed and resigned himself to die, but Nahida refused to let him off easily and uploaded his consciousness into a Knowledge Capsule. When she returned to the real world, she and the Traveler discovered his true name and told [[Sitt]] to inform the [[matra]] of what occurred so he could be punished.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Flex|
===Moseis===
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Moseis
|zhs     = 莫塞伊思
|zhs_rm  = Mòsāiyīsī
|zht     = 莫塞伊思
|zht_rm  = Mòsāiyīsī
|ja      = モセイス
|ja_rm   = Moseisu
|ko      = 모세이스
|ko_rm   = Moseiseu
|es      = Moseis
|fr      = Moseis
|ru      = Мозеис
|th      = Moseis
|vi      = Moseis
|de      = Moseis
|id      = Moseis
|pt      = Moseis
|tr      = Moseis
|it      = Moseis
}}
|
===Beynuni===
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Beynuni
|zhs     = 贝诺尼
|zhs_rm  = Bèinuòní
|zht     = 貝諾尼
|zht_rm  = Bèinuòní
|ja      = べノニ
|ja_rm   = Benoni
|ko      = 베누니
|ko_rm   = Benuni
|es      = Benoni
|fr      = Beynuni
|ru      = Бейнуни
|th      = Beynuni
|vi      = Benoni
|de      = Beynuni
|id      = Beynuni
|pt      = Benoni
|tr      = Moseis
|it      = Moseis
}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}