{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Moshiri Kara.png
|type         = One-Time
|description  = A mansion that was set up somewhere outside the Sea of Fog. No one knows who built this place, but it seems clear that it is now nothing but a den of ravenous wolves.
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Tsurumi Island
|subarea      = 
|requiredAR   = 40
|recLevel     = 
|recElements  = Electro, Geo
}}
{{Description|This masterless mansion has become the haunt of monsters from the rift. Defeat them all and obtain the treasures within.|Tutelage: Nest-Bed of Ambition}}
'''Moshiri Kara''' is a [[One-Time Domain]] in [[Inazuma]]. It contains one level, '''Tutelage: Nest-Bed of Ambition'''.

==Unlocking the Domain==
*Find and complete three time challenges scattered on the smaller islands surrounding the domain:
**Southeastern Island: Destroy 6 [[Exploding Barrel]]s in 180 seconds.
**Northern Island: Defeat 2 [[Thunderhelm Lawachurl]]s in 80 seconds.
**Southwestern Island: Collect 9 Electro particles in 180 seconds.
*After completing the challenges, the [[Elemental Monument]]s on the main island will unlock. Activate all three with {{Electro}} to unlock the domain and gain a Precious Chest.
*Unlocking the domain grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement, [[Moshiri Kara (Achievement)|Moshiri Kara]].

==Enemies==
{{Domain Enemies
|name1=Tutelage: Nest-Bed of Ambition
|target1=Defeat 22 opponents.
|enemies1=Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*7;Thundercraven Rifthound*2;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*7;Rockfond Rifthound*2;Blazing Axe Mitachurl*2;Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl*2
}}

==First Time Completion Rewards==
{{Card|Primogem|40}}
{{Card|Adventure EXP|500}}
{{Card|Electro Sigil|5}}
{{Card|Entangling Bloom|1|rarity=5}}
{{Card|Guide to Elegance|2}}
{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
{{Card|Mora|30,000}}

==Trivia==
* According to Ainu mythology, {{Lang|Mosir-kar-kamuy|ain=モシㇼカㇻカムィ}} was a {{W|kamuy}} (god). He is attributed to the creation of landmass, molding it to form mountains, islands and rivers. The following may also be references to the mythology:
**The ruined arch at the left-side of the Domain entrance may be a reference to the mattock left by Mosir-kar-kamuy before departing to Kamuy-kando (Gods Realm) with the rest of the Ainu kamuy.
**This may also imply that the Domain sits atop of a sunken Mount Optateshke, the final creation of Mosir-kar-kamuy left to be inhabited by the Ainu people. Which would explain why the Domain was left abandoned, as Mosir-kar-kamuy's work was considered finished.
**It is unknown if Mosir-kar-kamuy has any relation with [[Kapatcir]], seeing as both forms are in the shape of birds.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/ce5lQ1h-oBw
|caption1 = Unlock Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Moshiri Kara
|zhs     = 茂知之壳
|zhs_rm  = Màozhī zhī Ké
|zht     = 茂知之殼
|zht_rm  = Màozhī zhī Ké
|zh_tl   = Shell of Moshiri
|ja      = モシリの殻
|ja_rm   = Moshiri no Kara
|ja_tl   = Shell of Moshiri
|ko      = 모시리의 껍데기
|ko_rm   = Mosiri-ui Kkeopdegi
|ko_tl   = Shell of Moshiri
|es      = Refugio Moshiri
|es_tl   = Moshiri Refuge
|fr      = Moshiri Kara
|ru      = Мосири Кара
|th      = Moshiri Kara
|vi      = Moshiri Kara
|de      = Moshiri-Schale
|de_tl   = Moshiri Shell
|id      = Moshiri Kara
|pt      = Casca de Moshiri
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Moshiri Kara
|it      = Moshiri Kara
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Permanent}}

[[ja:モシリの殻]]
[[pt-br:Casca de Moshiri]]
[[ru:Мосири Кара]]
[[th:Moshiri Kara (ความสำเร็จ)]]