{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01008
|image         = Archon Quest C1A1 Moulder of Mountains.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = I
|act           = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Mt. Hulao]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Minlin
|subarea       = Mt. Hulao
|prev          = An Impromptu Change of Plan
|next          = Dust to Dust
|concurrent    = Wangshu
|concurrent2   = Custodian of Clouds
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 12,250
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Li Dang;Li Ding;Mountain Shaper;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|1|part=3}}
==Steps==
# Seek out [[Mountain Shaper]]
#* To progress the quest, either talk to [[Li Ding]] at the top of [[Mt. Hulao]] or break the [[Amber (rock)|amber]] trapping [[Li Dang]].
#* Li Dang will randomly appear from any one of the ambers located along the path between the top of Mt. Hulao and the pagoda northeast of the [[Teleport Waypoint]].
# Shatter the [[Amber (rock)|amber]] on the mountain road to save the trapped person
#* This step is automatically completed if Li Dang is freed before talking to Li Ding.
# Talk to Li Dang
# Talk to Li Ding and Li Dang
# Meet Mountain Shaper

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Following the instructions of [[Moon Carver]], you arrive at [[Mt. Hulao]] in order to meet with [[Mountain Shaper]].}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the large talisman at the top of Mt. Hulao, optional)
:'''Mysterious Barrier:''' (Jueyun Karst is where the adepti dwell, so perhaps this is the abode of one. But there seems to be no way to enter...)

===Talk to Li Ding First===
;(Talk to Li Ding at the top of Mt. Hulao)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 01.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Have mercy, O mighty adeptus! I beg you... Show mercy upon me and my brother... Spare our lives!
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 02.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Who are you? What's going on?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We asked you first!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 03.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' ...Oh! You enjoy safe passage in Jueyun Karst... It can only mean one thing!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 04.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' You must be adepti messengers! Sent here to rescue me and my brother!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is he talking about?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 05.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' ...Oh, have mercy, mighty messengers of the illuminated adepti! I beg you to save us... My brother and I, we only came here because our family is poor, and we heard tell of treasures hidden in the amber of Mt. Hulao.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 06.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' It was stupid of us... but all we wanted to do was find enough treasure to sell and support our family...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 07.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' We followed {{Color|buzzword|the path up the mountain}}, but suddenly, the amber... it swallowed up my brother, Li Dang!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 08.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' I ran away, and made it this far before it dawned on me: We were trespassers in the abode of the adepti, and this was our punishment...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 09.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' I had no idea how to rescue my brother, so I just started praying for the adepti to have mercy, right here on the spot. And now, at long last, two messengers come to my aid...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? We're not adepti messengers... We just wanna find the adepti, like everyone else!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 10.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' No no no, you must be messengers... You have to be!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 11.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' I have no idea which amber trapped him... Please, you have to rescue him! I beg you, show me some adepti mercy!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, fine. I'll go have a look...
::{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 12a.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Thank you, thank you! O mighty messengers of the illuminated adepti, I promise that we will never be so foolish again...
:{{DIcon}} Of your transgressions, your predicament, and your repentance, one has become aware.
::{{A|vo lyaq004 2 liding 12b.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Thanks be to the adeptus of Mt. Hulao, and to their messengers! Never will we be so foolish again...
::{{A|vo lyaq004 2 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, check you out! When you speak like that, you actually make a pretty convincing adepti messenger.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon was gonna ask him about where to find the adeptus, but... he seems pretty one-track-mind about rescuing his brother right now.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... So, he said that Li Dang got trapped in amber somewhere on Mt. Hulao, and that they were following the path the whole way up.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, let's follow the path down from here, and make sure to be on the lookout for amber on the way.

;(Talk to Li Ding again)
::{{A|vo dialog lyaq004 liding 01.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Please, help me rescue my brother. I don't know which amber it was that took him...
::{{A|vo dialog lyaq004 liding 02.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' All I know is that we kept to {{Color|buzzword|the path the whole way up the mountain}}. So the amber won't be far from the path.
::{{A|vo dialog lyaq004 liding 03.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' O mighty messengers of the illuminated adepti, please rescue him, I beg of you...

----

;(Talk to Li Dang after shattering the amber)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 1.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' *coughing*
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 2.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Wh–What happened? ...Y–You rescued me? Thank you...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 3.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Oh! And have you seen my brother? His name is Li Ding, we were climbing the mountain together.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 4.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' I just hope he didn't get trapped in amber too...
:{{DIcon}} He's the one who sent us looking for you.
::{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 5a.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Phew... so he's safe then...?
:{{DIcon}} He's at the top of the mountain.
::{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 5b.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' He made it to the top? That means he should be okay...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 6.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Thank you! I will head up to find my brother now.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01a 7.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Here's hoping I don't run into any more amber on the way...

----

;(Talk to the brothers at the top of the mountain)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01a 1.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Thank you for rescuing my brother, O mighty messengers of the illuminated adepti.
:{{DIcon}} Have you ever seen the adeptus here?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01a 2.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' What? No... I mean, like everyone else, we've heard that there's an adeptus living in Mt. Hulao.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01a 3.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' But regular folks like us would never have the chance to meet them. No way.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01a 4.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Unlike you guys... You're adepti messengers, so it's a whole different story.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01a 5.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Anyway, we have trespassed in the realm of the adeptus for long enough. We should get going. Thank you, mighty adepti messengers...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 lidang 01a.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Yes, thank you, messengers...
:;(Li Ding and Li Dang run down the mountain together)
:;(Continue to [[#Meet Mountain Shaper|Meet Mountain Shaper]])

===Free Li Dang First===
;(Talk to Li Dang after shattering the amber)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01b 1.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' *coughing*
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01b 2.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Wh–What happened? ...Y–You rescued me? Thank you...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01b 3.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Oh! And have you seen my brother? His name is Li Ding, we were climbing the mountain together.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01b 4.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' But then, I... Well, I don't know. Did I get swallowed up by the amber? I think I must have been knocked out...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01b 5.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' I just hope he didn't get trapped in amber too...
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't know...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01b 6.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Alright then, I won't bother you anymore. Thanks again... I'm going to find my brother now.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 5 lidang 01b 7.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' I really hope he's okay...
<!-- Li Ding has no dialogue if Li Dang is freed first but then is not spoken to-->
----

;(Talk to Li Ding)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01b 1.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' My brother told me everything... Thank you both so much for rescuing him!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01b 2.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' *sigh* Our family has nothing to live on... We heard tell of treasures hidden in the amber of Mt. Hulao, and with nowhere else to turn, we came looking for them.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 lidang 01b 1.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' We weren't thinking straight... We thought we could sneak up into the mountain and grab just enough treasure to sell and support our family with.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 lidang 01b 2.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' As you can see, the adeptus punished us for our greed. The amber swallowed me up, and if you hadn't come to our rescue, who knows when I would've gotten out.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01b 3.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Luckily the adeptus was merciful. They sent you two as their messengers to save us...
:{{DIcon}} ...Messengers?
::{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01b 4a.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Yes! You two saved my brother, just as I was praying for the adeptus' forgiveness, right here on the top of the mountain.
::{{A|vo lyaq004 6 lidang 01b 3a.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' You are adepti messengers, no doubt about it.
:{{DIcon}} Of your transgression, your predicament, and your repentance, one has become aware.
::{{A|vo lyaq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, your adepti messenger impression is really good. It's like this is the part you were born to play!
::{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01b 4b.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Thank you... yes, we are truly sorry, my brother and I have learned our lesson.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01b 5.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' We are truly blessed to receive the mercy of the adeptus. We promise that we will change our ways and make an honest living from now one. Even if it means sweating it out down at the docks.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 liding 01b 6.ogg}} '''Li Ding:''' Anyway, we have trespassed in the realm of the adeptus for long enough. We should get going. Thank you, mighty adepti messengers...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 lidang 01b 4.ogg}} '''Li Dang:''' Yes, thank you, messengers...
:;(Li Ding and Li Dang run down the mountain together)

===Meet Mountain Shaper===
;(After the brothers leave)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Boy, it'd be super helpful if we actually were adepti messengers.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' 'Cause it seems like this adeptus has got a real temper problem...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's not like we've done anything wrong, so... hopefully we'll be okay... hehe...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 moutainshaper 01.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Who dares trespass on my mountain? Who is it that frees the thief from his incarceration?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 6 moutainshaper 02.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Foolish mortal, come forth and receive your punishment at once!

;(Talk to Mountain Shaper)
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 01.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' ...You intrude upon the sanctity of Mt. Hulao, you destroy the amber of my mountain, and you free a thief whose freedom is not yours to give.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 02.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' The thieves' ignorance was an affront to the adepti... but your actions are an abomination of the highest order!
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! We can explain...
:{{DIcon}} Here, look at this...
::{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 03a.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' ...A [[Sigil of Permission]]? One was unaware that such things still exist in the mortal realm.
:{{DIcon}} Moon Carver sent us...
::{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 03b 1.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Moon Carver... trusted a mere mortal as his messenger?
::{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 03b 2.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Is this... a Sigil of Permission? One is surprised to find that such things still exist in the mortal realm.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 04.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' In the beginning, [[Rex Lapis]] cast them for the mortals with his own hand. Few were made then, and thousands of years on, fewer still remain...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 05.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Speak. One shall listen to the matter which brings you here, then one shall verify the truth thereof.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 06.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' You would be wise to speak the truth, for Liyue is not so far from here that one would be easily deceived.

:'''You explain what happened in Liyue Harbor.'''

:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 07.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Rex Lapis... Assassinated?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 08.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' At the Rite of Descension!?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 09.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' What mortal in Liyue– nay, in all the world, would conspire to commit such foul treason? Or perhaps the more pertinent question is, what power in this world could aspire to achieve it?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 10.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Rex Lapis charged the adepti with the protection of Liyue, and we have always honored this duty. As the people have prospered, so have we gradually withdrawn into the mountains. Indeed, this was a gesture of good will towards humanity.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 11.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' But now... Alas! Rex Lapis, gone...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 12.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Traveler, of the matter you have relayed, one has become aware. One now knows why Moon Carver has sent for us.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 13.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Once one has dealt with certain matters here that require my attention, one shall convene with the other adepti.
:{{DIcon}}: Can someone explain the amber situation to me?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can! Adepti always have magical powers in storybooks, seems it's true in real life too.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, like how grass is actually adepti hair, and rivers are actually adepti saliva... There must be something similar going on with the amber.
:{{DIcon}}: So is rain... adepti tears?
:{{DIcon}}: Amber must be crystallized adepti... ew, gross.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 14.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' ...Your nonsense knows no bounds. This amber is produced by a flower that one has planted here, called the [[karst crawler]].
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 15.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' The majority of the plant is hidden underground. When stepped on, it produces amber to trap the invader.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 16.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' After taking up residence here, one planted many karst crawlers to ensure that the tranquility of the mountain would remain undisturbed. Over the years, they have helped to prevent many disturbances, but in the process they have also trapped many curious things...
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so the amber is... alive?
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 17.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Correct. Thus, one may not leave this place in its current state, for fear of the risk to innocent lives in one's absence.
:{{A|vo lyaq004 7 moutainshaper 18.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' One will depart as soon as one has attended to this matter. One trusts that the manner of your departure will be swifter in nature.
;(Quest ends)

----

;(Interact with the large talisman, optional)
:'''Visit the adeptus' abode:''' (The abode of Mountain Shaper. This adeptus is presently absent...)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Moulder of Mountains
|zhs     = 叠山
|zhs_rm  = Dié Shān
|zht     = 疊山
|zht_rm  = Dié Shān
|zh_tl   = Stacking Mountains
|ja      = 畳山
|ja_rm   = Jouzan
|ja_tl   = Stacking Mountains
|ko      = 첩산
|ko_rm   = Cheopsan
|ko_tl   = Stacked Mountains
|es      = Moldeador de Montañas
|es_tl   = Mountain Shaper
|fr      = L'Adepte des montagnes
|fr_tl   = The Adeptus of the Mountains
|ru      = Творец Гор
|ru_tl   = Mountain Creator
|th      = บงการภูผา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Mountain Shaper
|vi      = {{tt|Điệp Sơn|疊山}}
|vi_tl   = Stacking Mountains
|de      = Aufgetürmte Berge
|de_tl   = Towered Mountains
|id      = Mountain Shaper
|pt      = Formatador de Montanha
|pt_tl   = Mountain Shaper
|tr      = Dağları Biçimlendiren
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il plasmatore di montagne
|it_tl   = The Mountain Shaper
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Moldeador de Montañas (misión)]]
[[fr:L'Adepte des montagnes]]
[[ja:畳山]]
[[pt-br:Formatador de Montanhas (Missão)]]