{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70523
|image         = Event Quest Mountain Mixologist.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Charity Event? Securing Funds?|showType=0}}
|characters    = Georg; Guanchui; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Qingce Village]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Qingce Village
}}
'''''Mountain Mixologist''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Qingce Village]]
# Talk to [[Guanchui]]
# Return to [[Springvale]] and place an order with [[Georg]]
# Negotiate with Georg
<!--#* There is some randomness involved with this negotiation. Acceptable values may vary.{{Verify}}-->
#* If negotiation fails, Georg will take the price of 24,000.
# Go to Qingce Village and respond to Guanchui's request

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|What mora ranges give what dialogue lines?}}
{{Quest Description|Chef Guanchui, who has just recently returned to Qingce Village, seems to be worried about his friend's thirst-quenching drinks...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Guanchui)
:'''Guanchui:''' Are you guys from out of town? Welcome to Qingce Village!
:{{DIcon}} Hello...
:{{DIcon}} And you are...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon first! Paimon first! Let's introduce ourselves first!
:'''Paimon:''' This is the almighty Traveler, {{Traveler}}, and Paimon is this Traveler's best companion, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' We are ordering specialty drinks from the Weinlesefest for out-of-town clients. We saw your commission, so we decided to come talk to you.
:'''Guanchui:''' Ah, I like how direct you are! Then I'll cut to the chase, too.
:'''Guanchui:''' I'm Chef Guanchui, and I need {{color|buzzword|100 cases of "Fruits of the Festival,"}} to make tea to help keep the spirits up for the guys doing manual labor.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay! Before we get to work, please give us the funds.
:'''Guanchui:''' One step ahead of you. Please take these Fairbrew Jellies! After ordering, there will probably be some left over. Doesn't matter how much is left, please keep the change as reward for your hard work!
:'''Paimon:''' We'll take it and be on our way!
:'''Guanchui:''' Right on! I await the good news from both of you!
:{{DIcon}} That was quick...
:{{DIcon}} You've been helpful too, Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' What are you standing there for, {{Traveler}}? Let's go!
:'''Paimon:''' If you have anything to talk about, we'll talk after you place the order.
:'''Paimon:''' The sooner we finish the job, the sooner we can open our shop!
:'''Paimon:''' Opening a shop, mmhmm...
:;(Obtain {{Item|Business Earnings|20|text=Guanchui's Funds|link=Guanchui's Funds|x=30,000}})

;(Talk to Guanchui again)
:'''Guanchui:''' I can't think of a better specialty drink for this Weinlesefest than the tea brewed with the spring water from Qingce Village.
:'''Guanchui:''' Thank you, both of you!
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell me more about yourself?
::'''Guanchui:''' It hasn't been that long since I moved back to the farm with my brothers. Usually I am in charge of cooking for the boys who work in the field.
::'''Guanchui:''' But most of what I do is just simple and filling dishes, which are not quite suitable for out-of-town guests.
::'''Guanchui:''' Qingce Village is pretty quiet, but there is no shortage of good food. You can tell by just simply walking around!
:{{DIcon}} About the tea water...
::'''Guanchui:''' The boys working the field are often real thirsty, so thirsty that they end up going through a whole jug of tea in half a day.
::'''Guanchui:''' The distance between the tea shop and the fields is quite far. Going to and from is too much trouble.
::'''Guanchui:''' Pops Kai is getting a little long in the tooth to bring tea to the boys, so it's now down to me to bring it over.
::'''Guanchui:''' A couple of my companions and I went out of town for a while, and the big jug of tea was a little light for us. Sometimes, they wanted something a little stronger.
::'''Guanchui:''' So I added something to my tea to bring out a refreshing flavor and let the boys have a little bit of fun.
::'''Guanchui:''' Of course, I've only made enough for a couple brothers. Pops Kai still has a business to maintain!
::'''Guanchui:''' After taking a break, we would also go to Pops Kai's tea shop and help him with chores.
:{{DIcon}} We'll be back soon.
::'''Guanchui:''' Okay! I await the good news!
----
;(Talk to Georg)
:'''Georg:''' Oh! You're back?
:'''Georg:''' Are you still helping to place orders for foreign clients?
:'''Paimon:''' Yup. This time we need 100 cases of "Fruits of the Festival," for Guanchui, the chef of Qingce Village.
:'''Paimon:''' We're ready to make an offer, Georg!
:{{DIcon}} Why do I get the feeling of business rivalry...
:{{DIcon}} Get ready to be surprised, Georg!
:'''Georg:''' Oh! The ball's rolling! Let me see what you've got this time!
:;(A Mood gauge appears, starting at a random value of 3.75–4 Hearts)

;(If the price is 18,500–20,310{{Verify|how much higher?}} Fairbrew Jellies)
::'''Georg:''' No, no, that's too little! Even if the total number of the order is higher, the unit price per case shouldn't be this low.
:;(Lose 1.5 Hearts)
;(If the price is 20,325{{Verify|how much lower?}}–21,251{{Verify|how much higher?}} Fairbrew Jellies)
::'''Georg:''' Well, that's not a bad offer, but considering the difficulty of transportation to Qingce Village, it's still a tough one.
:;(Lose 1.5 Hearts)
;(If the price is 21,350{{Verify|how much lower?}}–23,600{{Verify|how much higher?}} Fairbrew Jellies)
::'''Georg:''' Yup, you guys drive a hard bargain!
:;(Continue to next part)
;(If the price is 23,750{{Verify|how much lower?}}–24,000 Fairbrew Jellies)
::'''Georg:''' Deal! You two are fast learners. The second time we did business, we ended up in a win-win situation for everyone!
:;(Continue to next part)
;(If the Mood gauge reaches zero Hearts)
::'''Georg:''' Ah, I guess I've been underestimated! Let's agree on the price I asked for this time. Think of it as your fee for negotiation skills.
----
;(After negotiating the price)
:'''Georg:''' Okay, just like last time, the documents will be given to you, and I will arrange the transportation.
:'''Georg:''' Since he is a new customer, you'd better give him the receipt, so as to make him feel at ease.
:'''Paimon:''' You have a point. We thought so too!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go, {{Traveler}}. Let's head back to Qingce Village and report back.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Quest Letter|20|text=Guanchui's Invoice|link=Guanchui's Invoice}})
----
;(Talk to Guanchui)
:'''Paimon:''' Guanchui, we're back!
:'''Paimon:''' We've placed an order for your 100 cases of "Fruits of the Festival." Here's your receipt.
:'''Guanchui:''' Amazing! You two have been a big help!
:'''Guanchui:''' I will study the "Fruits of the Festival" carefully and mix the fresh drink with the tea with a specific proportion. I'll bring out the flavor, so that the workers will be able to work harder!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, sounds a bit like bartending, but with tea... Is that even possible?
:'''Guanchui:''' Don't worry, I used to be a chef when I was abroad for a while. This approach achieves the best balance between cost and taste, and I've made it many times!
:{{DIcon}} Makes me want to try it...
:'''Guanchui:''' The next time you guys come to Qingce Village, I'll treat you guys to the finished product.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay! Next time {{Traveler}} can try it!
:{{DIcon}} Best of luck, bartending chef!
:'''Guanchui:''' Thank you! Come back when you've got time!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mountain Mixologist
|zhs     = 山间的饮品调配师
|zhs_rm  = Shānjiān de Yǐnpǐn Tiáopèi-shī
|zht     = 山間的飲品調配師
|zht_rm  = Shānjiān de Yǐnpǐn Tiáopèi-shī
|zh_tl   = Mixologist Within the Mountains
|ja      = 山のミクソロジスト
|ja_rm   = Yama no Mikusorojisuto
|ja_tl   = Mountain Mixologist
|ko      = 산속의 바텐더
|ko_rm   = Sansok-ui Batendeo
|ko_tl   = Bartender in Mountain
|es      = Mixología entre montañas
|es_tl   = Mixology Among Mountains
|fr      = Mixologue de montagne
|fr_tl   = Mountain Mixologist
|ru      = Мастер коктейлей из горной деревни
|ru_tl   = Cocktail Master from a Mountain Village
|th      = มือชงเครื่องดื่มกลางขุนเขา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Pha Chế Thức Uống Nơi Núi Rừng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wirt in den Bergen
|de_tl   = Bartender in the Mountains
|id      = Peracik Minuman di Pegunungan
|id_tl   = Bartender in the Mountain
|pt      = Barista da Montanha
|pt_tl   = Bartender from the Mountain
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
[[pt-br:Barista da Montanha]]