{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Mountain Ranger's Marker.png
|set   = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A signal used by mountain rangers to mark out paths. Their bird-feather shapes make them very eye-catching indeed.}}
'''Mountain Ranger's Marker''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]].

==Description==
Some say that the Mountain Rangers who came from [["People of the Springs"|the spring's source]] would leave these feather-like tokens on the paths they trod,<br><!--
-->Both to mark the road out and also to tell future visitors that someone had come this way in the past.<br><!--
-->Today, these tokens lie silently in deserted nooks of [[Ochkanatlan|the ash-laden ancient city]].<br><!--
-->And none would ever walk these paths again, just as those who left the tokens behind had hoped.<br><br><!--
-->They had stepped on every firm rock in the mountain cliffs and trod upon every fallen leaf in the forest&mdash;<br><!--
-->Never did they stop, those Mountain Rangers, they who had long committed every inch of [[Natlan]] to memory.<br><!--
-->Whenever travelers or explorers from abroad arrived, they would enthusiastically serve as guides,<br><!--
-->Though even those wondrous sights to behold were to them merely old childhood friends.<br><!--
-->Then the day came when [[Cataclysm|the black tide]] swept across the distant skies, and all that was once familiar vanished into the void.<br><br><!--
-->Where children once played laughing in gardens, now only ashes and bones burned by wildfire remained.<br><!--
-->Where the tribespeople once washed their work fatigue away in hot springs, now fresh blood and mud ran over the banks.<br><!--
-->But the final Mountain Ranger had no time to stop and mourn, for there were things he had to do&mdash;<br><!--
-->To set out again on this path he no longer knew, and retake his home, once so familiar.<br><br><!--
-->Legends said that a [[Jade of Return|treasure powerful beyond measure]] lay at the heart of the black tide, in the ancient city wherein a [[Och-Kan|foul dragon]] lurked.<br><!--
-->It was akin to a golden wheel that could reverse time's flow, burning away the writhing agonized present and bringing the beautiful past back.<br><!--
-->As if grasping a last lifeline, the veteran, peril-proven Mountain Ranger decided to make this his final stop,<br><!--
-->Even should it be yet another trap laid by some [[Kukulkan|heartless spectator]] for the terrified people.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Mountain Ranger's Marker
|zhs      = 巡山客的信标
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 巡山客的信標
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 登山者の標
|ja_rm    = Tozansha no Shirushi
|ja_tl    = Mountaineer's Marker
|ko       = 산 순찰자의 표지
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Distintivo de los Patrullamontañas
|es_tl    = Mountain Patroller's Badge
|fr       = Balise du patrouilleur montagnard
|fr_tl    = Mountain Patroller's Beacon
|ru       = Маячок горного патрульного
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Mountain Ranger's Marker
|vi       = Tín Hiệu Của Tuần Tra Núi
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Bake des Bergsteigers
|de_tl    = Mountain Climber's Beacon
|id       = Mountain Ranger's Marker
|pt       = Sinalizador do Guarda das Montanhas
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Dağ Kolcusunun İşareti
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Segno del Guardamonti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City}}

[[fr:Balise du patrouilleur montagnard]]
[[ja:登山者の標]]
[[th:Mountain Ranger's Marker]]
[[uk:Маячок гірського патрульного]]
[[vi:Tín Hiệu Của Tuần Tra Núi]]
[[zh:巡山客的信標]]