{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70655
|image         = 
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Dadaupa Gorge
|type          = World
|event_name    = Contending Tides
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[Dadaupa Gorge]], [[Mondstadt]]
|rewards       = Adventurer's Experience*4;Mora*10,000
|otherRewards  = 
*Unlocks [[Contending Tides]] Event
|characters    = Dr. Livingstone; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Mountainous Summons''''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[Contending Tides]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Dr. Livingstone]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The hilichurls of [[Dadaupa Gorge]] have grown unusually active. The Adventurers' Guild's scholar-adventurer, Dr. Livingstone, is currently investigating the Gorge. Perhaps you can lend her some help.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Dr. Livingstone)
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' We meet again, Traveler!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, you seem to be in pretty high spirits, Dr. Livingstone. Did something good happen?
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' It's something that might seem troublesome, but is in fact pretty interesting.
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' I'm sure that it would interest and adventurer as wise, strong, and disposed to action as you are.
:{{DIcon}} Well, what's the matter, then?
:{{DIcon}} Can't hurt to lend you my ears.
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' Do you remember the {{Color|buzzword|Meaty Tribe's arena}}? Lately, it seems like some sort of no-holds-barred fighting tournament is being held around there.
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' As I've mentioned before, I still have further research that I intend to conduct in this area. But the whole gorge is all a-bustle these days due to this tournament, which has disrupted my progress.
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' Still, the idea of a no-holds-barred tournament is a rather intriguing one, don't you think?
:'''Paimon:''' I&mdash;Intriguing?
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' I'm sure that the desire to be the strongest in Teyvat has crossed everyone's minds at some point, right? It seems hilichurls are no exception.
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' Dadaupa Gorge is sacred to the hilichurls, and strong fighters are gathering from every corner of the continent to this place.
:{{DIcon}} Now, I wouldn't claim to be that strong...
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' What I'm trying to say is: You once conquered the {{Color|buzzword|Meaty Tribe's arena}}. Why don't you give the tournament a whirl?
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' The sooner you win the tournament, the sooner I can get back to work. It's a win-win!
:{{DIcon}} I'll consider it.
:'''Dr. Livingstone:''' I'll do my best to support you, for my part. Ad astra abyssosque!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mountainous Summons
|zhs     = 山之召唤
|zhs_rm  = Shān zhī Zhàohuàn
|zht     = 山之召喚
|zht_rm  = Shān zhī Zhàohuàn
|zh_tl   = Call of the Mountains
|ja      = 山の召喚
|ja_rm   = Yama no Shoukan
|ja_tl   = Mountain Summons
|ko      = 산의 소환
|ko_rm   = San-ui Sohwan
|ko_tl   = Summon of the Mountains
|es      = El llamado del valle
|es_tl   = The Call of the Valley
|fr      = L'appel de la montagne
|fr_tl   = The Call of the Mountain
|ru      = Зов гор
|ru_tl   = Call of the Mountains
|th      = เสียงเพรียกจากหุบเขา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tiếng Gọi Của Núi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gewaltige Beschwörungen
|de_tl   = Immense Summons
|id      = Panggilan Gunung
|id_tl   = Mountain Call
|pt      = O Chamado da Montanha
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:O Chamado da Montanha]]
[[ru:Зов гор]]