{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = Yuna Mouun
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Watatsumi Island
|affiliation2     = Yuna Clan
|ancestry         = [[Yuna Clan]]
|sibling          = Ayame
|siblingNote      = Younger twin sister
|title            = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Yuna Mouun'''|ja=曚雲|ja_rm=Mou'un}} was a shrine maiden and whalesong master from the [[Yuna Clan]] of the [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]], who established the first navy of the island with the mighty whale Daikengyou. Along with her younger twin sister [[Ayame]] the Umigozen and her student Touzannou ([[Akuou]]), she played a key role in the war between [[Orobashi]] and the [[Raiden Shogun]], meeting her end by an ambush by the [[tengu]] general [[Sasayuri]]'s subordinates.

==Profile==
Mouun was born to the great house [[Yuna Clan]], one of the oldest Watatsumi clans that trace back Byakuya no Kuni ([[Enkanomiya]]), a realm in the depths of the sea.<ref name="Life of Mouun">{{Ref/Book|The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden}}</ref> From the Divine Priestess she learned the rituals of shrine maidens, as well as history, governance, and {{Lang|island folk-tunes|ja=島唄|ja_rm=shima-uta|ja_lit=island songs}}.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> Being a wise and gentle woman, she was good at mediating quarrels.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> She is widely considered to be the greatest master of whalesong in history.<ref name="Life of Mouun" />

Her close friend {{Lang|Daikengyou|ja=大検校|ja_lit=Great ''Kengyou'' [Visually Impaired Officer]}} was a blind, 900-year-old whale who commanded five hundred narwhals as bodyguards and five hundred humpback whales as musicians,<ref group="Note">The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden.<br />EN: "For its bodyguard, it had fifty narwhals on its left flank and fifty humpback whales on its right."<br />CN: {{zh|左有五百条角鲸为护卫，右有五百条座头鲸为乐师。||On its left are five hundred narwhals serving as bodyguards, and on its right are five hundred humpback whales serving as musicians.}}</ref> in addition to deep-sea fish and moonglow-like jellyfish as servants.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> Legend says it was so gigantic that it could swallow coral islands.<ref name="Life of Mouun" />

==Story==
Born to a great family, she served the then-Divine Priestess of the [[Sangonomiya Clan]] from the young age and became her entrusted shrine maiden by the time when the war with the Raiden Shogun was about to begin.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> Then, given an order by the priestess to assemble the first navy of the island, she spent three days to persuade the great whale Daikengyou to be allied with the Watatsumi Island.<ref name="Life of Mouun" />

At some point in the history, the twin sisters Mouun and [[Ayame]] the Umigozen mentored an unnamed boy, who would later become Touzannou (also later known as [[Akuou]]), the champion of the serpent god [[Orobashi]].<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East">{{Ref/Book|Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"}}</ref> Touzannou learned whalesongs and rituals from the sisters, but it was one beautiful night when he swam with Mouun that inspired him to develop two famed sword arts.<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East" /> He seems to have had romantic feelings toward his mentor, and Getsumouun ("Moon Mouun"), the name of one of the two arts,<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East" /> may be his tribute to Mouun.

After the war with the Raiden Shogun began, Orobashi, and the army of Touzannou embarked on the [[Yashiori Island]],<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East" /> while Mouun and Ayame led the navy with Daikengyou.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Mouun's Moon}}</ref> Following fierce battles, they successfully slayed the [[tengu]] [[Sasayuri]], a general cherished by the shogun.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Sangonomiya Chronicles}}</ref> However, [[Musou no Hitotachi]], the signature sword art of the shogun, severed Orobashi and Touzannou together just with one slash, creating a huge gap now known as the [[Musoujin Gorge]].<ref name="Debates on the Viceroy of the East" />

Upon hearing the deaths of her god and student, she and Daikengyou tried to retreat but were killed by an ambush by the subordinates of Sasayuri.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> Their bodies were captured by the Bakufu.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> Her sister Ayame the Umigozen also disappeared into the sea.<ref name="Life of Mouun" />

Even after many years passed, the people of Watatsumi Island still sing the deeds of Mouun in folk-tunes.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> The [[Mouun Shrine]] on the island may be dedicated to honor her memory.

==Trivia==
=== Etymology===
* {{Lang|Mou'un|ja=曚雲|ja_lit=Dark Cloud}} is the name of a fictional Okinawan sorcerer in the Japanese fantasy novel ''Chinsetsu Yumiharizuki'' (1807–1811) by the novelist {{w|Takizawa Bakin}} and the artist {{w|Katsushika Hokusai}}.
** In the novel, Mou'un has the ability of illusory magic to summon various creatures and later it is revealed that his true form is a water serpent dragon.<ref name="Chinsetsu Yumiharizuki">Seikei University: [https://www.seikei.ac.jp/university/library/info/events/assets/yumihari.pdf {{ja|『鎭西八郎為朝外傳椿説弓張月』}}]</ref> These stories may have inspired the in-game Mouun's association with marine life and the great serpent Orobashi. Unlike Mouun in this game, however, Mou'un in the novel is an evil male sorcerer who terrorizes Okinawa and is finally slain by a young warrior who will become the legendary Okinawan king {{w|Shunten}} (1166–1237).<ref name="Chinsetsu Yumiharizuki" />
* {{Lang|"Island folk-tunes"|ja=島唄|ja_rm={{w|shima-uta}}|ja_lit=island songs}} refer to a type of traditional song in the {{w|Amami Islands}} (a part of the Okinawan cultural sphere).
** Her friendship with whales may be inspired by the fact nowadays the {{w|Amami Ōshima|Amami Ooshima}} (its largest island) is known for whale watching for humpback whales.
* The name of the whale {{Lang|Daikengyou|ja=大検校|ja_lit=Great ''Kengyou'' [Visually Impaired Officer]}} refers to the highest title given to a virtuoso of ''{{w|Koto (instrument)|koto}}'' (Japanese zither).<ref>Miyagi Michio Official Site: [https://www.miyagikai.gr.jp/miyagimichio {{ja|宮城道雄の生涯と業績}}]</ref> Considering the sea-themed design of the Watatsumi Island, it may be a reference to the daikengyou {{w|Michio Miyagi|Miyagi Michio}} (1894–1956), who composed ''{{w|Haru no Umi|The Sea in Spring}}''.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Mouun
|zhs      = 曚云
|zhs_rm   = Méngyún
|zht      = 曚雲
|zht_rm   = Méngyún
|ja       = 曚雲
|ja_rm    = Mou'un
<!-- |ja_tl    = Dark Cloud -->
|ko       = 모운
|ko_rm    = Mo'un
|es       = Mouun
|fr       = Mouun
|ru       = Моун
|th       = Mouun
|vi       = Mouun
|de       = Mouun
|id       = Mouun
|pt       = Mouun
|tr       = 
|it       = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Mouun]]