{{Location Infobox
|image        = Mouun Shrine.png
|type         = Subarea
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Watatsumi Island
}}
The {{Lang|'''Mouun Shrine'''|ja=曚雲神社|ja_rm=Mou'un Jinja|ja_tl=Dark Cloud Shrine}} is a subarea in [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]].

==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|heo=1}}

==Features==
===Exploration===
{{Column|2|
*[[Mysterious Pillar]]
*[[Electro Cube]]
*[[Electro Seelie]]
*[[Electric Lamp]]
*[[Lightning Strike Probe]]
*[[Mist Bubble (Exploration)|Mist Bubble]]
*[[Phase Gate]]
*[[Statue of The Seven]]
*[[Thunder Barrier]]
*[[Thunder Sakura Bough]]
*[[Waverider Waypoint]]
}}

===Enemies===
====Common Enemies====
{{Enemy List|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard;Hydro Samachurl;Geo Specter;Hydro Specter}}

====Elite Enemies====
{{Enemy List|Electro Abyss Mage;Thunderhelm Lawachurl;Crackling Axe Mitachurl;Ruin Destroyer;Ruin Scout}}

===Local Specialties===
*{{Item|Sea Ganoderma}}

==Puzzles==
===Lightning Strike Probe===
One of the puzzles involve three [[Lightning Strike Probe]]s.
# Interact with the nearby [[Mysterious Pillar]] to start the puzzle.
# After activating the Mysterious Pillar, there will be three Electro Seelie: one of them is stationary above the Mysterious Pillar, and the other two are moving between the three lightning strike probes.
# You only need to manually orient one of the probes; the two Electro Seelies will orient the other two as they move around.
# After all three Lightning Strike Probes are oriented, follow the Electro Seelie above the Mysterious Pillar to its destination, where a chest will spawn.

'''Dialogue'''
{{dialogue start}}
;(Interact with [[Mysterious Pillar]])
:'''Paimon:''' Another Electro Seelie! Looks like the Watatsumi statue can control {{Color|buzz|when it appears}}...
;(Solve the Lightning Strike Probe puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' The Electro Seelie seems satisfied. How weird...
;(Follow the Electro Seelie)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders if these Electro Seelie are here to protect or watch this place.
{{dialogue end}}

==NPCs==
* [[Anisa]]
* [[Kaushik]] &mdash; Researcher
* [[Kumi]]

==Trivia==
*This shrine may be named after a historical shrine maiden of Watatsumi Island, [[Mouun]].<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden}}</ref>
*The shrine may be inspired by the {{w|Naminoue Shrine}} (Nanmin in Okinawan), a holy site worshiped by the kings of {{w|Okinawa Island|Okinawa}} (southwestern island in Japan which has a distinctive culture) both as the most sacred Shinto shrine of the Ryukyu Islands (southwestern islands) and as a sacred place to pray to {{w|Ryukyuan religion#Nirai Kanai|Nirai Kanai}}, the realm of sea gods in the indigenous religion.
**Just like the in-game shrine, the Naminoue Shrine stands on the top of a high cliff so that one can view the ocean from the shrine.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mouun Shrine
|zhs     = 曚云神社
|zhs_rm  = Méngyún Shénshè
|zht     = 曚雲神社
|zht_rm  = Méngyún Shénshè
|zh_tl   = Dark Cloud Shrine{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja      = {{Rubi|曚|もう|雲|うん|神|じん|社|じゃ}}
|ja_rm   = Mou'un Jinja<ref>[[Map]], Label: Mouun Shrine (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Dark Cloud Shrine
|ko      = 모운 {{tt|신사|神社}}
|ko_rm   = Mo'un Sinsa
|ko_tl   = Mouun Shrine
|es      = Santuario Mouun
|es_tl   = Mouun Sanctuary
|fr      = Sanctuaire de Mouun
|fr_tl   = Mouun Sanctuary
|ru      = Святилище Моун
|ru_tl   = Mouun Shrine
|th      = Mouun Shrine
|vi      = Đền Mouun
|vi_tl   = Mouun Shrine
|de      = Mouun-Schrein
|de_tl   = Mouun Shrine
|id      = Mouun Shrine
|pt      = Santuário Kurakumo
|pt_tl   = Kurakumo Sanctuary
|pt_note = This localization interprets the Japanese name using the ''{{w|kun'yomi}}'' readings of the characters instead of the ''{{w|on'yomi}}'' readings.
|tr      = Mouun Tapınağı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Santuario di Mouun
|it_tl   = Mouun Sanctuary
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[es:Santuario Mouun]]
[[ja:曚雲神社]]
[[pt-br:Santuário Kurakumo]]