{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial Move That Neck 2.png
|type         = Exploration
|region       = Simulanka
|area         = Forest of Blessings
|event        = Summertide Scales and Tales
}}
'''Move That Neck''' is an exploration mechanic in [[Forest of Blessings]], [[Simulanka]]. This mechanic allows the player to control rotation and neck of a paper alpaca. After interacting with the alpaca, the distance of the player from it controls the height of the neck and pressing the attack button will cause the alpaca to bow its head in the current direction. The bowing mechanism can be necessary for pointing in a specific direction or for picking and placing down fruit.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Move That Neck}}

==Dialogue==
===Poet on High===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''I climb to the heights to view the wasteland, and lift up my eyes to...''
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''Oh, ow... My neck hurts...''
:{{DIcon}} Do you need a hand?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''I came to this place to recite some verse...''
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''But alas, my neck is verse averse...''
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''Please lend me a hand, or a thread, mayhap...''
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''{{Color|bz|Rotate and nod in greeting}}...''
:{{DIcon}} Let's begin!
:;(Continues to mechanic)
:{{DIcon}} Come... come again?
::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''Please lend me a hand, or a thread, mayhap...''
::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''{{Color|bz|Rotate and nod in greeting}}...''
:;(Returns to dialogue selection)
----
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''First nod in acknowledgement {{Color|bz|to Rainsong Pond}}...''

;(Bow towards Rainsong Pond in the south)
:'''Poet on High:''' The frogs of Rainsong Pond croak and play, their joyous song chasing the rain and worries away.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''Then pay your respects to {{Color|bz|The Kingdom of Breezes and Bells}}...''

;(Bow towards The Kingdom of Breezes and Bells in the north)
:'''Poet on High:''' Should the breeze know what lies in my heart's innermost place, spread thy short wings, the boughs embrace.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' ''And finally, give {{Color|bz|Constellation Metropole}} its due...''

;(Bow towards Constellation Metropole in the northwest)
:'''Poet on High:''' From whence does laughter peal? Look then to the starry wheel.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Poet on High:''' Bravo, bravo! Thank you for your aid!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Berry Magic Tonic===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Nearby paper hamster carrying a [[Berry]] to a paper hamster carrying a [[Bulle Fruit]])
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Hamster:''' We got the wrong thing! This is a Bulle Fruit!

;(Nearby paper hamsters)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Hamster:''' Where else can we find Berries?

;(Nearby sleeping paper hamster)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Hamster:''' Zzz... Berries... Zzz...
----
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca:''' This is going to be tough...
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca:''' I've been staying up so late recently to brew Berry Magic Tonic,
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca:''' That my eyes are getting blurry.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca:''' Lots of Bulle Fruit have been mixed in...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca:''' Could you help me pick them out?
:{{Black Screen|Help the Alpaca choose the {{Color|bz|Bulle Fruit}}!}}

;(Pick out all the Bulle Fruit)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca:''' Thank you!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Move That Neck
|zhs      = 动动脖子
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 動動脖子
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 首を動かして
|ja_rm    = Kubi wo Ugokashite
|ja_tl    = Move That Neck
|ko       = 목 움직이기
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Mueve el cuello
|es_tl    = Move Your Neck
|fr       = Bouger par « à-cou »
|fr_tl    = Moving By "{{wt|fits and starts|Necks and Starts}}"
|ru       = Движение шеей
|ru_tl    = Movement With the Neck
|th       = ขยับคอโยกย้าย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Di Chuyển Cổ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Den Nacken bewegen
|de_tl    = Moving the Neck
|id       = Gerakkan Lehernya
|id_tl    = Move the Neck
|pt       = Mexa O Pescoço
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Boynunu Oynat
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Muovi il collo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}