{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71652
|image         = 
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Dihua Marsh
|type          = World
|event_name    = Energy Amplifier Initiation
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Dihua Marsh]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6;Mora*30,000
|characters    = Hosseini; Traveler; Yingzhu
}}
'''''Mr. Melancholy''''' is a quest for introducing the event [[Energy Amplifier Initiation]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Yingzhu]]
# Collect [[Fractured Fruit Shard]]s
# Report back to [[Hosseini]] and Yingzhu
# Challenge the Domain
# Report back to Hosseini

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Yingzhu]] of the [[Adventurers' Guild]] has been having dealings with a scholar from the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], but things seem to be going downhill, fast...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Yingzhu)
:'''Yingzhu:''' Hosseini, the situation is not as bad as it could be...
:'''Hosseini:''' I can't believe the [[Irminsul]] Fruit exploded! My research prospects are completely ruined...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Yingzhu:''' Ah, hello Traveler. I suppose it can't hurt to tell you.
:'''Yingzhu:''' This gentlemen's name is Hosseini. He is a researcher from the Sumeru Akademiya.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Recently, the Adventurers' Guild was commissioned by the Akademiya to investigate a ruin, where we found a perfectly preserved Irminsul Fruit.
:'''Yingzhu:''' The Akademiya deemed it to be a high research priority and requested that we hand it over to a scholar sent to collect it &mdash; namely, Mr. Hossaini.
:'''Yingzhu:''' However...
:'''Yingzhu:''' While transporting the Irminsul Fruit, we were ambushed by [[Treasure Hoarders]].
:'''Yingzhu:''' One of them attacked the cart carrying the Irminsul Fruit and... it exploded.
:{{DIcon}} Irminsul Fruits can explode?
:'''Yingzhu:''' Apparently so... This was also news to us when it occurred.
:'''Hosseini:''' My research... My thesis... My assignment from the Akademiya...
:'''Yingzhu:''' ...As you can see, Hosseini... very much hopes to continue with his research. To that end, he has commissioned us to search for the fragments of the Irminsul Fruit.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Unfortunately, the force of the explosion sent some of the fragments into dangerous areas, where even Guild members are hesitant to venture.
:'''Yingzhu:''' To complicate matters further, the Irminsul Fruit attracted a lot of attention from monsters due to the great power it contains. So, some fragments were seized and taken very far away.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Traveler, since you are here, perhaps you would be willing to help us gather the Irminsul Fruit fragments?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, happy to help.
:'''Yingzhu:''' ...Really!? That's amazing! Okay then, you will find many {{Color|buzzword|places of interest}} on your Map that we have yet to investigate.
:'''Yingzhu:''' We've been searching non-stop for the last few days, but all we've managed to find are a few tiny {{Color|buzzword|bits}}, no large fragments...
:'''Hosseini:''' Please help me look for more fragments. If you find any larger ones, be sure to let me know.
----
;(Talk back to Yingzhu before getting any fragment)
:'''Yingzhu:''' I'm sure we can figure this whole thing out...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
::'''Yingzhu:''' Huh, so you weren't paying attention last time, then?
::'''Yingzhu:''' Basically, Sumeru Akademiya commissioned the Adventurers' Guild to investigate on their behalf, and we found an Irminsul Fruit.
::'''Yingzhu:''' Judging by the scholars' response, it seemed to be an object of major significance for their research.
::'''Yingzhu:''' Unfortunately, there was an incident while we were transporting the Irminsul Fruit, and it blew up. That's the long and short of it.
::'''Yingzhu:''' Hosseini hasn't stopped moaning and groaning about it ever since. Its giving me a real headache...
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Yingzhu:''' We greatly appreciate your ongoing support in this matter, Traveler. Safe travels, and ad astra abyssosque!
;(Talk back to Hosseini before getting any fragment)
:'''Hosseini:''' What a terrible, terrible situation... Progress on my thesis will completely grind to a halt...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
::'''Hosseini:''' Can you believe it? One minute, a priceless research material is almost within my grasp... the next, it's exploded, and that's that.
::'''Hosseini:''' My sole purpose in coming all this way to Liyue was to retrieve this Irminsul Fruit. What a waste of a trip!
::'''Hosseini:''' How could that happen?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you've been dealt quite a tough hand.
::'''Hosseini:''' *sigh* I don't even know if I'll be able to get my travel expenses reimbursed by this point. Getting here from the Akademiya was exorbitantly expensive.
::'''Hosseini:''' The Irminsul Fruit is more than just my thesis topic. It's a major area of interest for my supervisor... Ahem, I mean, for the Akademiya.
::'''Hosseini:''' So as well as delaying my research, it also means I've failed to complete my assignment. It's all a great big mess...
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Hosseini:''' Yes, it's "Goodbye, thesis" for me... *sigh* Never mind.
----
;(Talk to Hosseini and Yingzhu after getting a fragment)
:'''Yingzhu:''' Have you found any fragments?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Wow. That was quick!
:'''Hosseini:''' This fragment seems a little bigger than of the previous ones we've found. Let me analyze it with the Energy Amplifier and run some numbers.
:{{DIcon}} What's an Energy Amplifier?
:'''Hosseini:''' It's a genuine slice of ancient history! An object that can conduct and amplify energy. It's another object of my research.
:'''Hosseini:''' If you're interested, feel free to try it out for yourself.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Goodness... I had no idea there were such energy-rich fragments out there. None of the other fragments we've found so far are anything like as big as this one.
:'''Hosseini:''' If my theory is correct, a fragment like this should have attracted a whole horde of dangerous monsters... which begs the question: How did you manage to get your hands on it?
:{{DIcon}} By defeating the monsters first.
:'''Hosseini:''' ...
:'''Yingzhu:''' ...
:'''Hosseini:''' ...Miss Yingzhu, I regret to inform you that I shall be cancelling my commission with the Adventurers' Guild with immediate effect.
:'''Hosseini:''' Traveler... How would you like to take on a new commission?
:'''Yingzhu:''' Wait! You can't do that, Sumeru Akademiya signed a contract with us!
:'''Yingzhu:''' Ahem, and in any case &mdash; this Traveler is actually one of ours.
:'''Hosseini:''' Oh, really? That's lucky. This is the most energy-rich fragment I've seen so far. I simply must collect some data on it.
:'''Hosseini:''' With this Traveler's help, my undergraduate thesis, "A Study on the Internal Energy Flow of Developing Irminsul Fruit," is saved!
:{{DIcon}} A study on... uh, what?
::'''Hosseini:''' It will be an epoch-defining study! By conducting a sequence of tests adopting a phase-wise approach, I will examine localized energy transfer and transformation within the Irminsul Fruit during a single developmental cycle, in the hope of isolating and identifying the defining features of Irminsul energetics...
::'''Yingzhu:''' ...Please, Hosseini. We don't understand a word you are saying...
:{{DIcon}} So. Still an undergraduate, huh?
::'''Hosseini:''' Ahem... Let's not concern ourselves with trivial details like that. Suffice to say, there are those of us at the Akademiya who are fortunate enough to undergo a... prolonged period of scrutiny by the God of Wisdom.
::'''Yingzhu:''' I'm not educated by any description, but I think [[Soraya]] from [[Wangshu Inn]] told me something about this... "deferred graduation," isn't it?
:'''Hosseini:''' ...Never mind, let's move on.
:'''Hosseini:''' Time to talk specifics. What I'd like you to do is to head to a domain that we previously discovered and conduct a practical test.
:'''Hosseini:''' It's a very straightforward procedure. All you need to do is place the fragments into the Energy Amplifier and take it inside with you. This will activate its energy conduction and amplification effects.
:'''Hosseini:''' I'll give you the Energy Amplifier now. As long as you draw energy from the Irminsul Fruit fragment while exploring the domain, I will receive data on my end.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Traveler, no one is disputing your ability, but please be on your guard in that domain. It's extremely dangerous.
:'''Hosseini:''' There. It's up to you, now.
----
;(Talk to Hosseini after completing the Domain)
:'''Hosseini:''' My data collection equipment has recorded everything. You fought sensationally.
:{{DIcon}} Mmm, I could have done better.
::'''Hosseini:''' Very modest of you to say so. I cannot thank you enough for your phenomenal efforts in the pursuit of wisdom.
:{{DIcon}} What did you expect? I'm a champion fighter.
::'''Hosseini:''' Haha, you certainly are, my friend, you certainly are.
:'''Hosseini:''' Without you, we never would have made it inside that domain. It's just too perilous.
:'''Yingzhu:''' You have saved the Guild's reputation from a major blow. Thank you, Traveler.
:'''Hosseini:''' It's a shame that the Irminsul Fruit broke into so many pieces. I can't take my research any further for the time being.
:'''Hosseini:''' Hmm, although.... maybe there's still time to change direction and focus on the Energy Amplifier in my thesis...
:'''Yingzhu:''' My apologies once again, Mr. Hosseini. The Adventurers' Guild will not shirk our responsibility to you for the incident.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Traveler, could I trouble you to please gather any further Irminsul Fruit fragments you come across during your travels?
:'''Yingzhu:''' By using the Energy Amplifier to challenge domains that even I wouldn't dare enter, you will be able to provide Hosseini with further data. I have no doubt that this will be of great service to him.
:{{DIcon}} Understood.
:'''Yingzhu:''' Your support is greatly appreciated, Traveler. Safe travels, and ad astra abyssosque.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mr. Melancholy
|zhs     = 忧郁先生
|zhs_rm  = Yōuyù Xiānshēng
|zht     = 憂鬱先生
|zht_rm  = Yōuyù Xiānshēng
|zh_tl   = Mr. Melancholy
|ja      = 憂鬱さん
|ja_rm   = Yuu'utsu-san
|ja_tl   = Mr./Mrs. Melancholy
|ko      = 침울한 학자
|ko_tl   = Depressed Scholar
|es      = Un hombre consternado
|es_tl   = A Dismayed Man
|fr      = Un jeune homme déprimé
|fr_tl   = A Depressed Young Man
|ru      = Печальный господин
|ru_tl   = Sorrowful Mister
|th      = ชายหนุ่มผู้ซึมเศร้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quý Ngài Sầu Muộn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Herr Schwermut
|de_tl   = Mr. Melancholy
|id      = Si Pemurung
|id_tl   = Mr./Mrs. Melancholy
|pt      = Senhor Deprimido
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

[[ja:憂鬱さん]]
[[ru:Печальный господин]]