{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Mualani
|id             = 368188
|image          = Mualani Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Mualani''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Watersports...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Vacation...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Soaking in the hot springs...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Lucky day...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Call some friends...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The destination...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Been waiting for you!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mualani mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The final destination of every journey is home.
:{{A|vo mualani mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hehe, so I knew you'd show up here eventually!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hehe, I feel right at home! But it takes a lot to faze me &mdash; I've always been comfortable with new places and new faces.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' By the way, did you know that most Saurian companions can get real territorial? They only let people they know into their space.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Since you invited me here, that means you consider me a good friend &mdash; and that's a real honor! Heh, I'm so happy, I've been smiling all day!
::{{DIcon}} That's right. That's me, a terrifyingly territorial Saurian.
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hahaha! Then I gotta say, I like what you've done with your lair!
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' In Natlan, Saurians are like friends and family to us. They're an irreplaceable part of our lives.
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You're important to me as well, as one of my close friends. That's why I made that analogy in the first place.
:::{{DIcon}} Eee!
::{{DIcon}} How does a Saurian show when they're happy? Is there a specific sound they make?
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Eh? Hahaha, that's a tough one. Ummm... Why don't we make one up?
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It can be like a secret code we use just with each other! A happy signal, to show when we're in a good mood, or use as a greeting, or even as a laugh!
:::{{DIcon}} Eee!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' ...Eh?
::{{DIcon}} How about that? Sounds like a happy Koholasaur?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hahaha! Okay, yeah, I gotcha!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Eee! Eee! Eee!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Couldn't have picked a better moment! I just got back &mdash; took a walk around the place and then had a chat with Tubby. But now, I'm all yours!
::{{DIcon}} I see you're getting along nicely!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well, you gotta make an effort when you go somewhere new. I always like taking walks and talking to the locals...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' So, how about you? I'm curious, what do you do to try and fit in when you arrive someplace new?
::{{DIcon}} I make detailed travel plans ahead of time.
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Huh... Sounds very meticulous. So I guess you're the kind of tourist who never misses out on a single highlight, huh?
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You probably explore every village, walk down every last street, try all the best dishes on all the good menus, tick every scenic spot off the list...
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I can just imagine it... Ah, traveling with you would be so fulfilling!
::{{DIcon}} I take things as they come. Comfort comes first.
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Same! I approve, two thumbs up from me! And two big toes as well.
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I dunno about you, but for me, a big part of taking things as they come is... not necessarily being a morning person. Haha...
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Sometimes it's nice to just explore without a set goal, see where the journey takes you. Of course, that can lead to nice and nasty surprises, but... I guess that's all part of the fun!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alright! I'll keep your preferences in mind for the next time we travel together!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It'll be a journey into the unknown... Ah, I can't wait!
::{{DIcon}} Would you still look forward to visiting places you've already been to?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Of course!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Most tourists who come to our tribal land on vacation stick to the popular routes, so I've gone over those countless times.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I could literally navigate them with my eyes closed if I wanted. Not even exaggerating.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But I never would. Because even when it's a road I've been down before, each time I go, it's a new journey.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' All kinds of things make each trip unique, whether it's the clouds in the sky, the ever-changing weather, the wildflowers by the side of the road... or all the wild animals that give you a fright when they jump out of nowhere...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' And that's not getting to visitors suddenly changing their plans and heading off the beaten path into some tiny, winding trail... Hmm...
::{{DIcon}} Now that's what you call a tough customer!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hmm? Oh, no, I wasn't complaining. I actually don't mind at all.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Just the opposite, in fact. More twists and turns means a more varied and scenic route, so it's no loss at all! Hehe...
::{{DIcon}} Should've expected that from you! So next time, we'll also take the road-less-traveled!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Uh... Sure, I guess?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'll gladly go wherever you want! But remember, if you ever get sick of walking everywhere...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Just hop onto my surfboard!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Tell you what, let's organize a party!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I mean, this is huge venue, and you've got so many friends...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The atmosphere would be electric &mdash; I can feel it in my bones already!
::{{DIcon}} What would you say to a pool party, then?
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 04a 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Right on! That's my number one kind of party!
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 04a 2.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' And since I'm the one who started this, don't you worry! Just leave all the set-up to me.
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 04a 3.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hmm... First, we need a sense of scale. If everyone shows up, we'll need a giant pool &mdash; maybe even a super sized one! Tricky, tricky...
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 04a 4.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' ...Ooh, ooh, I've got it! I'll get Kachina to loan Turbo Twirly to us. If we haven't got enough pool space, we can just dig ourselves some more!
::{{DIcon}} A hot spring party sounds like a great idea!
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 04b 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' For real? Hey, that's our tribe's specialty, you know! I've got you covered!
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 04b 2.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Now, we'll have to account for everyone's tastes when picking the snacks and drinks, so we'll probably need to get a good amount of everything... Hmm, let's definitely load up on Saurus Crackers. They're our local specialty, after all...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh yeah &mdash; and my store can sponsor the watersports-related equipment and swimsuits. I just need to get a larger shipment of supplies...
::{{DIcon}} Guess you really are loaded, Mualani.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Aw, come on. I just think it's worth splashing out if it means all my friends get to have a good time.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Worse comes to worst, I'll just have to hustle a bit more once it's over. Work hard, play hard, y'know?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alright, so we're doing this, yeah?
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Phew, I'm getting a little nervous. First time I'll be organizing something this huge...
::{{DIcon}} So even you get stage fright when the crowd's large enough...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Nah, I'm just concerned that I won't be able to get everyone's attention without a big and dramatic entrance.
::{{DIcon}} But of course! I should have known...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Heh, come on, you know I love a good crowd and a chance to shine under the spotlight!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Anyway, any suggestions? I know you've got a ton of ideas!
::{{DIcon}} Hmm... Maybe enter with a song?
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 13a.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hey... Yeah, how did I not think of that? I'll have to steal some tricks from the Flower-Feather Clan though. They're all really strong singers.
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps you could do a dance as you came in?
:::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 13b.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Perfect! Time for some emergency training with the Children of Echoes &mdash; their dances are sure-fire spotlight grabbers.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Thanks for the suggestion. Hehe, prepare to be amazed.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You won't know what hit you when I take the stage!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Mualani.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Morning! I so nearly fell back to sleep after getting up today...
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But then I remembered you were swinging by this morning, and that got me shooting right back out of bed again! Hehe...
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Mualani.
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Good night to you too!
::{{A|vo mualani mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Rest up, and I'll see you tomorrow!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Fomenting Fashion at the Fair===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mualani busymarket 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Amazing... look at all these beautiful stalls! ...I can arrange them however I want? Really!? Okay, lemme think...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mualani busymarket 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Let's put the Snug Saurian Lounger here... and a display for the night-time sunglasses over there, and... oh, we can't forget the Friendship Triangle Tandem Surfboard! It takes three people to ride it, and oh boy, is it a blast!
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mualani busymarket 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' These are all brand-new products I got in recently. See anything you like? Feel free to take your pick, it's on me!
{{Dialogue End}}

===People of the Springs' Relaxation===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mualani meztli 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Am I seeing things? Or did you literally teleport my entire home here? It's like a treat within a treat!
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mualani meztli 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You know what I mean? Like when you buy a drink, and under the bottle cap it says "Have Another Drink" &mdash; and then you go get your free drink, and that one gives you ANOTHER free drink! A string of good luck.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt mualani meztli 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I wanna share some of this good luck around, starting with you. Here you go: {{Traveler}}, wherever you tread, may you find stray Mora at your feet!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Mualani/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Mualani/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ムアラニ/仲間]]
[[ru:Муалани/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Mualani/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Mualani/Bạn Đồng Hành]]