{{Terminology Infobox
|image  = Tutorial Multidirectional Connection Control Drive Valve 1.png<!--Jadewater Fruit.png-->
|type   = Exploration
|region = Fontaine
}}
'''Multidirectional Connection Control Drive Valve''' is an exploration mechanic in [[Fontaine]] currently found in the [[Fortress of Meropide]]'s [[Abandoned Production Zone]].

The valves require a [[Gear Drivetrain]] to operate. When they start running, the valve will rotate continuously. When rotated to a certain position, the valves can open doors to other places within the Fortress.

During the {{Quest|Scenes from Life in Meropide: Safe Operation}}, the valve is used to access a room where [[Mitul]] is locked in.

During the {{Quest|An Eye for an Eye}}, the valve is used to access the sealed-off [[Geode Mine Shaft]] and escape with [[Cater]] and [[Lanoire]].

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Multidirectional Connection Control Drive Valve}}

==Operation==
The Multidirectional Connection Control Drive Valve requires at least one Gear Drivetrain installed (other than the Core Gear Drivetrain, which is not removable) in order to operate. To run it, interact with the nearby [[Energy Transfer Terminal]] and select "Run." The device will continue to operate until it reaches one of the eight stop positions in its rotation after the player selects "Stop."

In the Multidirectional Connection Control Drive Valve's initial state, the passageway to the elevator is open. If it is subsequently closed,  the player may open it as follows:

# If no Gear Drivetrains are installed, install one in any slot.
# Operate the device until the Core Gear Drivetrain's arrow is pointing toward the elevator passageway.

To open any of the other passageways:

# Install a Gear Drivetrain in the slot corresponding to the desired passageway (if one is not already there).
# Operate the device by interacting with the nearby [[Energy Transfer Terminal]] and selecting "Run."
# Select "Stop" when the Gear Drivetrain's arrow points toward the Core Gear Drivetrain (the large gear that cannot be removed).
# If you saw an arrow flash, the way is open. Otherwise, continue below.
# Uninstall the Gear Drivetrain.
# If you now have no Gear Drivetrains installed, install one in any of the other slots.
# Operate the device again.
# Select "Stop" when the Core Gear Drivetrain's arrow points toward the desired passageway. An arrow flash will show you have done it correctly.

If you leave the Abandoned Production Zone and return, the Multidirectional Connection Control Drive Valve will be reset to its initial state (with the passage to the elevator open and only one Gear Drivetrain installed).

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Multidirectional Connection Control Drive Valve
|zhs     = 控制各方向连通路启闭的传动机阀
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 控制各方向連通路開關的傳動機閥
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 各連絡通路の開閉を制御する伝動バルブ
|ja_rm   = Kakurenrakutsuuro no Kaihei wo Seigyo Suru Dendou Barubu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 각 방향의 연결 통로를 제어하는 구동 장치 밸브
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Válvula motora de apertura y cierre de caminos
|es_tl   = Passage Opening and Closing Motor Valve
|fr      = Valve d'entraînement contrôlant les connexions dans différentes directions
|fr_tl   = Drive Valve Controlling Connections in Different Directions
|ru      = Приводной клапан для управления соединениями во всех направлениях
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = วาล์วเครื่องลำเลียงที่ควบคุมการเปิดปิดเส้นทางแต่ละทิศทาง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Van Đóng Mở Đường Đi Đến Các Hướng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Getriebeventil zum Schließen und Öffnen der Zugänge in alle Richtungen
|de_tl   = Transmission Valve for Closing and Opening the Entrances in All Directions
|id      = Katup Konveyor Pengontrol Jalur Segala Arah
|id_tl   = All Direction Line Control Conveyor Valves
|pt      = Válvula de transmissão que controla as conexões em diferentes direções
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çok Yönlü Bağlantı Kontrol Vanası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Valvola di controllo per connessione multidirezionale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox|Fontaine}}