{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72713
|image         = Murakami Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Amakane Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Amakane Island
|characters    = Murakami; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Inazuma
}}
'''''Murakami's Meal-Making''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Give fifteen [[Mint]]s to [[Murakami]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
I'll bet that everyone's sick of [[Tonkotsu Ramen]] or [[Mixed Yakisoba]] by now, eh?<br>
It's time for some new flavors! Like... uh, has anyone tried putting [[Mint]]s in those?<br>
No? Well, I'll do it then. Please help me find {{Color|buzzword|15 Mints}}, and I'll use 'em to experiment on my new dish.<br>
If it's popular, you can come have a try. I'll even give you a 50% discount!

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Narukami Island's Murakami would like to have 15 Mints.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Murakami)
:'''Murakami:''' Greetings, we sell festival snacks here. Would you like to try some?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Are you looking for some Mint?
::'''Murakami:''' Mint, yes, Mint's what I need... With Mint, I could create whole new flavors...
::'''Murakami:''' I'm guessing you accepted my commission? In which case, I'm guessing you also have 15 Mints for me...?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} You guess correctly, Sir.
::;(Opens item selection menu)
:::'''Murakami:''' Great, then it's time for me to get to creating some new dishes! ...Oh, but first, it's time I paid you. Almost forgot!
::{{DIcon}} Not yet, actually.
:::'''Murakami:''' Oh, okay then. Well, just bring them here when you get them.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Murakami's Meal-Making
|zhs     = 村上的食材需求
|zhs_rm  = Cūnshàng de Shícái Xūqiú
|zht     = 村上的食材需求
|zht_rm  = Cūnshàng de Shícái Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Murakami's Ingredient Needs
|ja      = 村上の食材のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Murakami no Shokuzai no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = Murakami's Request for Ingredients
|ko      = 무라카미의 식자재 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Murakami-ui Sikjajae Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Murakami's Food Ingredient Request
|es      = Ingredientes para Murakami
|es_tl   = Ingredients for Murakami
|fr      = Des ingrédients pour Murakami
|fr_tl   = Ingredients for Murakami
|ru      = Ингредиенты для Мураками
|ru_tl   = Ingredients for Murakami
|th      = การสรรหาวัตถุดิบของ Murakami
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguyên Liệu Nấu Ăn Của Murakami
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Murakamis Mahlzeitenzubereitung
|de_tl   = Murakami's Meal Preparation
|id      = Makanan untuk Murakami
|id_tl   = Meal for Murakami
|pt      = Os Ingredientes da Vila
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Murakami Yemek Yapıyor
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Degli ingredienti per Murakami
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Ingredientes para Murakami]]
[[ja:村上の食材のリクエスト]]
[[pt-br:Os Ingredientes da Vila]]