{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74073
|image         = <!--{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}|: | }}|" | }}.png-->
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = In the Wake of Narcissus
|actNum        = I
|act           = Search in the Algae Sea
|characters    = Ann; Caterpillar; Paimon; Seymour; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Morte Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = 
|poi           = Orthant of Memory
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|concurrent    = Meteoric Lance
|concurrent2   = Cupid's Lover
|parent        = Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Muse's Mother''''' is a [[World Quest]] in {{Quest|Search in the Algae Sea|showType=0}}. Start this quest by descending to the underwater Mysterious Ruins northwest of the [[Morte Region]] [[Statue of The Seven]].

Two versions of this quest exist, depending on whether the {{Quest|Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)}} was completed or not.

==Steps==
# Find the Seal
# Study the Riddle Slate
# Solve the Orthant's puzzle
# Obtain the "Memory" piece

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest does not appear in the Quest menu if its steps are started before completing ''Search in the Algae Sea''.
* After completing the puzzle, the area will flood, making it possible to enter previously inaccessible areas and solve puzzles which could not be solved beforehand.

==Dialogue==
===Version 1===
This version is obtained if players have not completed ''Search in the Algae Sea'' first.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Riddle Slate)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like someone was just here. Did they already figure out the little mechanism up ahead?
:'''Paimon:''' There's a bonfire that's still burning over there on the ground.
:'''Paimon:''' So, why is there a bonfire in a place like this?
:'''Paimon:''' Let me see what's written on the stone tablet.
:'''Paimon:''' "Lo, this place is the Or... Orth..."
:{{DIcon}} Orthant.
:'''Paimon:''' "...Orthant of Memory, the Hall of Memory, the Room of Memory..."
:'''Paimon:''' "Born in an instant"... "Often contradicting, your company in eternal rest, never separated"... "Fire cannot burn it"...
:'''Paimon:''' A riddle, eh?
:'''Paimon:''' The answer has gotta be fire! There's a bonfire nearby.
:{{DIcon}} Just what kind of riddle contains its own answer...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right! What do you think it is, then?
:{{DIcon}} Products of lithiasis. Y'know, like kidney stones and such.
::'''Paimon:''' It's true that fires don't destroy them, and they stay within our organs and tissues... But they aren't born in an instant, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right! What do you think it is, then?
:;(Return to option selection, removes this option)
:{{DIcon}} Shadows.
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, shadows does seem like the right answer! They are with us for our entire lives, and can't be burned by fire.
::'''Paimon:''' But what's the point in figuring out the answer to a riddle that's already been solved?

;(Examine the mechanism)
:{{Black Screen|You carefully inspect the top of the mechanism, but you don't find anything.}}
:;(If this is the first location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here?
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh no! It looks like someone already took whatever was here.
:::'''Paimon:''' But who?
:;(If this is the second location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here either...
:;(If this is the third location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' Did someone... take whatever was here, too?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 2===
This version is obtained if players completed the World Quest ''Search in the Algae Sea'' first.
{{Quest Description|Trace and find the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's seals.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Rifthounds)
:;(If this is the first or second location searched) {{Verify}}
:::'''Paimon:''' This door's already open? Wait a minute, Paimon thought it was sealed.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' ...
:;(If this is the third location searched) <!-- the other 2 locations does not have to be finished, but the player has to have approached the other 2 locations -->
:::'''Caterpillar:''' This is the third seal.

;(Approach the door)
:'''Paimon:''' The bonfire is still burning. Wait, why is there a bonfire here? This is just a ruin...
:'''Ann:''' Let me see what's written on the stone tablet.
:'''Seymour:''' "Lo, this place is the Orthant of Memory, the Hall of Memory, the Room of Memory."
:'''Seymour:''' "Born in an instant"... "Often contradicting, your company in eternal rest, never separated"... "Fire cannot burn it"...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Riddles, huh? Ancient Fontainian civilization loved them, and the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] enjoyed them too. I'm not sure if they were just into old stuff, or if this was genuine interest.
:'''Seymour:''' I have already tried keyword searches on all of them, but have found no answers.
:'''Caterpillar:''' But this riddle has already been solved. Maybe the answer has something to do with the bonfire.
:'''Ann:''' Is there any point in thinking about riddles that have already been solved?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Yes, there is. Just like you and I are both like this now, but we must still search out what happened in the past.
:'''Ann:''' You've got a point.
:'''Ann:''' What do you think the answer is, Knight {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Products of lithiasis. Y'know, like kidney stones and such.
::'''Paimon:''' It's true that fires don't destroy them, and they stay within our organs and tissues... But they aren't born in an instant, right?
::'''Seymour:''' They are formed by unhealthy dietary habits over a long period of time, Ms. Paimon.
::'''Ann:''' What do you think the answer is, Knight {{Traveler}}?
:;(Return to option selection, removes this option)
:{{DIcon}} [[Oceanid]] tears.
::'''Ann:''' I'll just pretend you tried to say something romantic.
::'''Paimon:''' That's obviously not the right answer.
::'''Ann:''' What do you think the answer is, Knight {{Traveler}}?
:;(Return to option selection, removes this option)
:{{DIcon}} Shadows.
::'''Caterpillar:''' Yes, shadows.
::'''Caterpillar:''' The instant a beam of light shines, a shadow is born.
::'''Paimon:''' We know the answer, but someone's already opened the door. So, what do we do now?
::'''Caterpillar:''' We go inside now, of course. It's a race against time to see if we can find what we're looking for before [[Jakob|the person]] who solved the riddle before us does.

;(Examine the mechanism)
:{{Black Screen|You carefully inspect the top of the mechanism, but you don't find anything.}}
:;(If this is the first location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' It looks like something was here, but someone else took it.
:::'''Paimon:''' Wait, doesn't that mean that our plan's already failed?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' The birth of "Reason" requires the merging of the four Orthants. If we can get the rest of them, we still have a chance.
:::'''Ann:''' In that case, we'd better hurry to the next area.
:;(If this is the second location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here either...
:::'''Ann:''' What exactly are we looking for, Caterpillar?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' We're looking for the materials necessary to forge the [[Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz]].
:::'''Caterpillar:''' The Ordo was able to reproduce the four requisite hypothetical substances here in the material world, based on the esoteric philosophies of the underground kingdom and ancient Fontaine.
:::'''Seymour:''' I do not understand.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' These enigmatic substances are purely experiential. You could say they are even further beyond ordinary logic than elemental power.
:::'''Seymour:''' I entered all introductory to intermediate level textbooks from the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]]'s [[Spantamad]] into my memory banks decades ago. There is nothing mysterious about elemental power.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Is that so? Anyway, to sum up, this is born of the confluence of traditions from Fontaine and technology from the ancient underground kingdom.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' And thus, four types of substance came into being: Memory, Wish, Soul, and Persona.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' To avoid any possible ambiguity, let's call them the "Memory" piece, "Wish" piece, "Soul" piece, and "Persona" piece.
:::'''Paimon:''' Why are these used to make the Holy Blade?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' In the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's brand of mystical philosophy, the temple is a microcosm of the universe, the members are stand-ins for the gods, and the holy oil is tempered willpower.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' The Holy Blade, on the other hand, is "reason," that which cuts everything open. It can only be born out of consummate human will.
:::{{DIcon}} Quite abstruse.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' That's esotericism for you. If it looks similar enough, you can latch onto it, and when this kind of thing becomes magic, fiction becomes reality.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Anyway, we should make our way to the next area now.
:;(If this is the third location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' Did someone... take whatever was here, too?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Looks that way.
:::{{DIcon}} Just who is...?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' It's Jakob.
:::'''Seymour:''' We had an altercation with him inside [[Elynas]] once... Clarification: Recently, not "once."
:::'''Caterpillar:''' When I saw that unfortunate victim at the gate, I knew it was his handiwork. It seems he's still active after all.
:::'''Paimon:''' Then what does he want with the stuff he took from here?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Simple &mdash; He too wants to reforge the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz. The dream of the Ordo remains unrealized.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Anyway, we should make our way to the final area now.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Interactables==
{{Transclude|Orthant of Memory|Interactables|main=1}}

==Trivia==
* The quest's name, Muse's Mother, likely refers to {{w|Mnemosyne}}, the Greek goddess of memory and remembrance and the mother to the nine Muses.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/YVxra52f8GU
|caption1 = Muse's Mother Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Muse's Mother
|zhs     = 缪斯的母亲
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 繆斯的母親
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ミューズの母親
|ja_rm   = Myuuzu no Hahaoya
|ja_tl   = Muse's Mother
|ko      = 뮤즈의 어머니
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La madre de la musa
|es_tl   = The Muse's Mother
|fr      = Mère de Muse
|fr_tl   = Muse's Mother
|ru      = Мать муз
|ru_tl   = Muses' Mother
|th      = แม่ของ Muse
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mẹ Của Muse
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Mutter der Muse
|de_tl   = Muse's Mother
|id      = Ibu Muse
|id_tl   = Muse's Mother
|pt      = Mãe da Musa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İlham Perisinin Annesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Madre della musa
|it_tl   = Muse's Mother
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}