{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72287
|image         = World Quest Mushounin.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Film Notes
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Uyuu Restaurant]], [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = [["Outlander Brigade!"]]
|next          = 
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Traveler; Paimon; Koharu; Sasano; Xavier; Wakayama Keisuke; Wakayama Kojuurou; Kurotani Seishimaru; Yano Machiko; Yamada Hifumi; Tanaka; Yamamoto
}}
'''''Mushounin''''' is the second quest in the [[Film Notes]] World Quest series.

==Steps==
# Look for the two performers and talk to them (0/2)
#Wait until evening (18:00 - 20:00)
#Go to [[Komore Teahouse]]
#Talk to [[Xavier]] to begin the shoot
#*Choose the first option for all dialogues
#Wait until evening (18:00 - 20:00)
#Go to [[Nazuchi Beach]]
#Persuade the extras {{Enemy List|Kairagi: Fiery Might;Nobushi: Hitsukeban;Nobushi: Kikouban}}
#Talk to Xavier to begin the shoot
#*Do not leave the recording area of the Film Kamera
#*"Bandits" Defeated 0/3 {{Enemy List|Kairagi: Fiery Might;Nobushi: Hitsukeban;Nobushi: Kikouban}}
#*Change positions 0/3
#Wait until the following evening (18:00 - 20:00)
#Head to the designated location
#Talk to Xavier to begin the shoot
#*Choose the first options for all dialogues.
#*Do not leave the recording area of the Film Kamera
#*Samurai Defeated 0/1 {{Enemy List|Shogunate Infantry*1|text=Wakayama Kojuurou}}
#Rendezvous with everyone

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After listening to the legend of Seishimaru, [[Xavier]] seems to have a new idea...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Koharu in Kamisato Estate)
:'''Koharu:''' You've come, (Traveler)? I know it is rude to say this, but...
:'''Koharu:''' I'm sorry! May I ask if Mr. [[Xavier]] still needs an actress?
:'''Koharu:''' I left in a rage, and failed Master in her painstaking efforts of expressing concern as well as messing up the quest given by the head of the family. I have disgraced the [[Yashiro Commission]].
:'''Koharu:''' Master has reprimanded me, so please, I beseech you, please mention this to Xavier so I may do my duty.
:{{DIcon}} What did [[Furuta]] say to you?
:'''Koharu:''' No, no, Master only asked me to think about why I want to stay with the Yashiro Commission.
:'''Koharu:''' I made a vow to the head of the family and to the [[Kamisato Clan]] that I would never do anything detrimental to the name of the Kamisato Clan in a fit of pique.
:'''Koharu:''' I was too reckless, and indolent, and as a Shuu... no, as a servant of the Kamisato Clan, I was very much out of line.
:'''Koharu:''' And Mr. Xavier was actually very kind to me. Once again, I... I'm so sorry!
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to be so anxious.
:{{DIcon}} We still need actors.
:'''Koharu:''' You mean I still have a chance, and I can go and apologize to Mr. Xavier to make up for my mistake?
:'''Koharu:''' Wonderful, wonderful! I must do well this time. Your generosity is appreciated.
:{{DIcon}} Just go to {{color|buzzword|[[Komore Teahouse]]}}.
:'''Koharu:''' I'll set out right away after I've tidied up my appearance.

;(Talk to Koharu again)
:'''Koharu:''' Please rest assured that I will treat film acting as an important form of training, and I am ready to risk my life for it.
:'''Koharu:''' I've memorized the lines, and while I'm not very good at doing the "emotions" Mr. Xavier talked about, I will do my best to learn!

----

;(Talk to Sasano in Ritou)
:'''Sasano:''' You're the one who was involved in the screening, you're...
:{{DIcon}} (Traveler's name)
:'''Sasano:''' Yes, I'm so sorry, I didn't remember your name.
:'''Sasano:''' It's my fault for having a faulty memory. Sorry I gave you guys a hard time when we were filming.
:'''Sasano:''' I know Xavier is from Fontaine. My most important person is also an outlander, so I understand how difficult it is to be alone in a foreign land.
:'''Sasano:''' I was picky in the past and caused him trouble. Looking back on it pricks at my conscience.
:{{DIcon}} We still need actors.
:'''Sasano:''' Is this what Mr. Xavier wants? Th-Then please allow me to participate.
:'''Sasano:''' I was called in to participate in the shooting before, though I was only paid the price of a meal. But money that's paid is paid, so I will finish what I started.
:{{DIcon}} Just go to {{color|buzzword|Komore Teahouse}}.
:'''Sasano:''' Got it. I'll go tell my family later that I'm going to the {{color|buzzword|Komore Teahouse}}.

;(Talk to Sasano again)
:'''Sasano:''' The payment isn't actually that important to me. I applied for the job because I was interested in filming.
:'''Sasano:''' Xavier is a man of ideas, but that script was a little weird...

----

;(Wait until evening <nowiki>(18:00 – 20:00)</nowiki>)

;(Go to Komore Teahouse and talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' Mr. Sasano, you have much longer lines in this scene, so you must memorize them well and not make any mistakes.
:'''Xavier:''' Is it too difficult for you?
:'''Sasano:''' I thought I would end up struggling with the previous script, but I was surprised to find out that Xavier had written a new one in just one day.
:'''Sasano:''' How can I do anything but my best after that? Don't worry, I've memorized my lines carefully.
:'''Sasano:''' I'm very confident in this script, and I'll do my best to act it well.
:'''Xavier:''' Okay, Miss Koharu, about the script... Do you have anything that you need me to explain?
:'''Xavier:''' This scene requires a very emotional performance from you. I hope you can portray a playful girl who sells tea.
:'''Koharu:''' I've rehearsed the lines many times on my own after I received the script, so I'm sure I can perform better than before.
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like we're late. Everyone's already rehearsing.
:{{DIcon}} Xavier.
:{{DIcon}} I am here.
:'''Xavier:''' Phew... Good, now the main actors are all here.
:'''Xavier:''' I've brought the new script as we agreed yesterday, (Traveler). Do you want to read it?
:;(Opens [["Mushounin" Script]])
:'''Xavier:''' The story is based on the legend of Seishimaru. Other than the Seishimaru and Wakayama characters, I've added a new original character called Yano Machiko.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it flows much better than before!
:'''Xavier:''' Many details can be embellished, given more time, but it's already a challenge to shoot all of this with my current ability.
:'''Xavier:''' Okay, enough chitchat. We have to bring out our professionalism.
:'''Xavier:''' Mr. Sasano and Miss Koharu from the supporting cast are ready. As for the set, I've decided to shoot the first scene in the Komore Teahouse.
:'''Xavier:''' So, Mr. Thoma has asked the owner of the teahouse for a favor and fortunately, we can borrow a private room there.
:'''Xavier:''' Now we're just waiting for the main character, and that's you. We can start the shooting any time when you're ready.
:'''Xavier:''' You can read the script first. There's no need to be nervous. I've marked all the important lines, so take your time.
:'''Xavier:''' If you make a mistake in a line, we can re-shoot it to get the most desirable effect.
;(Obtains [["Mushounin" Script]])

;(Talk to Koharu)
:'''Koharu:''' "And well, if I can get my fill of food, then sure! I'll follow Seishimaru." Haha, the character I'm playing this time is pretty cute.

;(Talk to Sasano)
:'''Sasano:''' "It's been a while, Seishimaru." Yeah, Xavier said that it's best to be as calm as possible...

----

;(Talk to Xavier to begin the shoot)
:'''Xavier:''' Tell me when you're ready.
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
:;(Film shoot starts)
:{{DIcon}} I still need more time to read the script.
:;(Dialogue ends)

----

;(Finish filming the first act)
:'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' It's been a while, Seishimaru.
:'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' I've heard that you're in charge of the Kurotani Clan's affairs now.
:'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Looks like the dust has settled since that incident.
:'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Lord and Lady Kurotani are gone...
:'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' But you're taking up the mantle as their eldest {{MC|son|daughter|mc=1}} to continue to serve the public.
:'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' I'm sure they would be pleased.
:{{DIcon}} Can the dust settle before vengeance is had?
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' You? You want to take revenge?
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' We are not children anymore!
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' How can you still be just as impulsive as you were back then?
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' *sigh* With Lord Kurotani's abilities, the investigation never should have gone as wrong as it did.
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' But he said himself that he was willing to accept the blame and punishment.
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' The punishment from the great lords was indeed harsh...
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' But Lord Kurotani asked for it himself. I fear that there is still much left unsaid here.
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Kurotani and Wakayama are both reputable clans.
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' You now carry the clan name. You're a samurai in service of the public.
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Not some wandering Nobushi ronin.
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' So no matter how angry you are, you must be patient right now. You mustn't seek revenge.
::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' What's suspicious is some of the great lords' men!
::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' They've been mighty pleased with themselves since my father's death.
::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' That's your anger clouding your judgment. They didn't necessarily have anything to do with it. Calm down!
::{{DIcon}} Whoever's eavesdropping outside, come on in.
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Who are you? Who sent you to listen in on our conversation?
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' M&mdash;My apologies, good samurai, I&mdash;I'm just a tea seller, and my name is Machiko.
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' It wasn't my intention to eavesdrop.
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' Seishimaru saved my life yesterday, and {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} didn't ask for rice or money.
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' I just wanted to repay {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} and then go back to selling my tea. I didn't mean any offense, honest!
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' You... Forget it, it's to be expected that a mere tea vendor wouldn't know proper etiquette.
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Still, address {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} as "Master Kurotani" from now on.
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' You know what? This is quite opportune. The Kurotani Clan needs people, after all.
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Why don't you stop selling tea and go with Master Kurotani?
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' I don't wish to call {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} Master Kurotani. Seishimaru has a better ring to it.
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' Well, if I can get my fill of food, then sure! I'll follow {{MC|him|her|mc=1}}.
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Do whatever you like. Seishimaru, when Lord Kurotani is gone...
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' You're in charge of things now. Don't do anything foolish.
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' If you let your temper get the better of you... *sigh*
:::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Anyway, what's important is that your family name continues.
:::{{DIcon}} It wasn't your adoptive parents who died.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' ...Seriously? Has anything I've said made it through that thick skull of yours?
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Let me ask you this:
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Will you really raise your blade against the great lords' men without a care for your clan?
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Do you really wish to bring shame to your lord and disaster upon your family?
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Oh, great. This is just great! So no one shall have peace until your rage dissipates, yes?
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Well, since my efforts to persuade you otherwise have been ineffective, then let me give you the truth straight out.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Now, I've been the head of the Wakayama Clan since my father passed away.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' He served as Lord Kurotani's executioner.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' I know very well that he wronged your family and did great hurt to its name.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' And the execution was a matter of business, yes. But you're still my friend, and I still want to look after your family if at all possible...
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' So, if you still want revenge, I fear I must say that my father is already dead.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Well, come on then, punish me for his sins instead. I dare you.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Or are you hesitating because we are friends?
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Is that the extent of your resolve? Really? You can't even cut ties with me!
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' I was adopted anyway. The family name means nothing to me.
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' Besides, is the good standing of the "Kurotani" name really more important than my parents' lives?
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' Well, I'll show you my resolve. Draw your weapon!
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' Put it and that Temari over there on the table.
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' I'll close my eyes until you've placed them. Then, I'll extend a finger.
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' If I point at your sword, then we must face each other in battle.
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' If I point at the Temari, then we will sever all the bonds that lie between us.
::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' Let's leave this all to fate.
::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Hmph, so be it. We're all set.
::::{{DIcon}} (Point to the left)
:::::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' It looks like our destiny has been decided. My life shall be devoted to vengeance. There shall be no rest till one of us is dead.
:::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' Since you've made up your mind, then I must man up as well.
:::::'''Wakayama Keisuke:''' I'll carry everything I said before through to the end. I'll be waiting for you.
::::;(Film shoot succeeds &mdash; dialogue continues down below)
::::{{DIcon}} (Point to the right)
:::::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
:::::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
::::;(Film shoot fails)
:::{{DIcon}} You don't have to try hard to learn your lines anyway.
::::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:::;(Film shoot fails)
:::{{DIcon}} You don't have to starve yourself to act anyway.
::::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:::;(Film shoot fails)
::{{DIcon}} You, the one stealing food outside. Take me with you.
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
::;(Film shoot fails)
::{{DIcon}} The lines are too long. I can't remember them.
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
::;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} I haven't eaten anything yet. I'm so hungry!
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} It's exhausting to film movies. I'm so tired.
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:;(Film shoot fails)

----

;(Talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' Everyone did a good job. The effect was perfect this time.
:'''Xavier:''' Mr. Sasano's performance was full of power and conveyed the charisma of his character, Wakayama Keisuke.
:'''Koharu:''' Um, Mr. Xavier... There's something I'm curious about. Can I ask you about it?
:'''Xavier:''' Of course. Ah, I must say, Machiko was very lively and playful earlier, just as I'd envisioned.
:'''Koharu:''' Wakayama Keisuke chose to let Seishimaru take revenge on him, and that's actually to make Seishimaru cool his temper, right?
:'''Koharu:''' It was out of the goodness of his heart, so would it be better if this character sounded gentler? The current lines feel a little... cruel.
:'''Xavier:''' I, too, considered making Keisuke a gentleman, but eventually I gave him this cold and stiff style.
:'''Xavier:''' But you're right... This story should have another possibility.
:'''Xavier:''' Hm... Should I make more adjustments?
:{{DIcon}} Xavier is doing well now.
:'''Koharu:''' Mr. Xavier, there is no need to doubt yourself. The reason I asked is that I don't understand why the script was written that way.
:'''Koharu:''' I can sense that you are very talented in writing. Please continue what you were planning on doing.
:'''Xavier:''' Thank you for saying that, Miss Koharu. Then let's carry on.
:'''Xavier:''' For the next scene, I'd like to go to {{color|buzzword|Nazuchi Beach}}. Given the lighting of location, it should be shot in the {{color|buzzword|evening}}.
:'''Xavier:''' Let's all get ready and start shooting the next scene in the {{color|buzzword|evening}}.

----

;(Wait until evening <nowiki>(18:00 – 20:00)</nowiki>)

;(Go to Nazuchi Beach)
:'''Yamada Hifumi:''' This thing about "shadows" has nothing to do with us. Make payments and we're done.
:'''Tanaka:''' Just pay money and you can shoot "shadows" in this area, heheh.
:'''Yamamoto:''' Tanaka, you can't say that. Whether you can shoot the shadows well after paying depends entirely on Hifumi's mood.
:'''Xavier:''' Friends, I've applied in advance to the Yashiro Commission. The filming is in full compliance with the Inazuman regulations.
:'''Xavier:''' If you are willing, you can participate too. We happen to need a few more actors for the next scene.
:'''Xavier:''' To be involved in the process of creating art is much more fun than money.
:'''Sasano:''' Money is the only thing on their minds. Saying this stuff to them is useless... *sigh* Just when the shooting was finally going well... Why did we have to run into these guys?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's starting to feel sorry for them.
:'''Koharu:''' Poor Mr. Xavier for running into unreasonable people.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon is saying that she feels sorry for these bad guys.
:'''Koharu:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} You asked for this.
:{{DIcon}} Help us shoot the film, PLEASE.
:'''Yamada Hifumi:''' What are you talking about, you brat? Looking for a fight?

----

;(Persuade the extras)

;(When Yamamoto reaches low health)
:'''Yamamoto:''' What's with this blondie? {{MC|He's|She's|mc=1}} way too strong&mdash; Hey! Hey! Stop hitting us!

;(After persuading the extras)
:'''Yamada Hifumi:''' W&mdash;We will cooperate! S&mdash;Stop hitting us already, {{MC|good sir|my lady|mc=1}}!

;(Talk to Xavier after persuading the extras)
:'''Xavier:''' This is not the first time I've seen you fight. But I still have to say that you're terrifying.
:'''Xavier:''' Good thing we're friends. A hundred Xaviers wouldn't be a match for you...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry.
:{{DIcon}} I will make no moves against you.
:'''Xavier:''' I'm relieved then. The following scene requires you to channel the vigor of your fighting self.
:'''Xavier:''' There aren't many lines for you in this scene, but you can still take a look at it.
:'''Xavier:''' We will begin when you're ready.
:;(Opens [["Mushounin" Script]])

;(Talk to Yamada Hifumi, Yamamoto, or Tanaka)
:'''Yamada Hifumi:''' Just my luck to have run into a tough nut!
:'''Yamamoto:''' Ah, so unlucky.
:'''Tanaka:''' No, my lord, Master, we aren't saying anything bad about you, I swear!

;(Talk to Xavier to begin the shoot)
:'''Xavier:''' We will begin when you're ready.

----

;(Finish filming the second act)
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
:;(Film shoot starts)
:{{DIcon}} I still need more time to read the script.
:;(Dialogue ends)

;(Film shoot starts)
:'''Yamada Hifumi:''' I told you to get your coin pouch out, but you wouldn't listen! Come, my brothers, get him!
:'''Tanaka:''' Hehe, you asked for this.

;(When Yamamoto reaches low health)
:'''Yamamoto:''' This one's kinda... tough, boss! I... I can't beat him.

;(When Yamada Hifumi reaches low health)
:'''Yamada Hifumi:''' Have mercy, good samurai! We don't want your money anymore, please forgive us!

;(Film shoot continues)
:'''Yano Machiko:''' Master Seishimaru, Master Seishimaru! I was just out buying onigiri, and you're already in another fight?
:'''Yano Machiko:''' If you need something, just give the order and I'll do it. There's no need for sword fights.
:'''Yano Machiko:''' Please, enough. You'd even save someone like me, who was caught stealing rice...
:'''Yano Machiko:''' You're not the sort of person who would so casually take a life..

:'''The three extras leave in a hurry...'''

;(Talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' Good. You all said your lines naturally and didn't make any mistakes.
:'''Xavier:''' Wait, they left already?
:'''Xavier:''' I added more lines for them. And even used their real names for the characters after obtaining their permission...
:'''Sasano:''' Ignore those bullies. If it hadn't been for (Traveler), this scene wouldn't have been shot.
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:'''Xavier:''' (Traveler), you're too modest.
:'''Xavier:''' You delivered a smooth performance in that scene. Keep up this level and the next big scene will be no problem at all.
:'''Koharu:''' Oh yes, there is one more scene next.
:'''Xavier:''' Yes, I thought about it yesterday when I wrote the script, and this last scene must be shot in a place with a cliff. The {{color|buzzword|small island}} to the east of {{color|buzzword|Narukami Island}} is very suitable.
:'''Xavier:''' Well, this next scene on location is the key to the whole script, and I want to use the {{color|buzzword|glow of sunset}} as the backdrop.
:'''Xavier:''' All of us have been shooting continuously for a long time, so we should take this time to rest. Let's meet {{color|buzzword|tomorrow evening}} at the designated location.

----

;(Wait until the following evening <nowiki>(18:00 – 20:00)</nowiki>)

;(Head to the designated location and talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' The third act requires a little more from Mr. Sasano. This new character, Wakayama Kojuurou, is Wakayama Keisuke's younger brother and it is more appropriate to have Mr. Sasano play him.
:'''Sasano:''' You told me before, and I am mentally prepared. It's just... remember to pull your punches for that second fight scene, (Traveler).
:'''Xavier:''' Oh yes, the script! I forgot to hand the script to (Traveler).
:'''Xavier:''' Look at me, all I'm thinking about is how to shoot the next scene and I forgot to give you the script. I am so sorry.
:;(Opens [["Mushounin" Script]])
:'''Xavier:''' With past experiences from the first scenes, I believe you are already familiar with the way we shoot.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} has to jump off a cliff at the end? That's really dangerous.
:{{DIcon}} It's fine.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're used to jumping off high places and stuff, but now that you're doing it before a Film Kamera, you need to act more realistically.
::'''Paimon:''' And if that gets you into an accident, Paimon guesses it wouldn't be worth it, huh?
:{{DIcon}} We have a wind glider.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon knows you're used to facing all sorts of danger but you cannot think of yourself as an invincible person made of steel.
:'''Xavier:''' Dear Miss Paimon, we do not need (Traveler) to jump off a cliff here. {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} just needs to glide down the cliff using a wind glider.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, if you say so...
:'''Paimon:''' Then go for it!
:'''Koharu:''' Go!
:'''Sasano:''' Go!

;(Talk to Sasano)
:'''Sasano:''' *sigh* I'm not much of a fighter. Remember to pull your punches for the fight scene.

;(Talk to Koharu)
:'''Koharu:''' The next scene is a bit dangerous. Do be careful.

;(Talk to Xavier to begin the shoot)
:'''Xavier:''' So are you ready?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
:;(Film shoot starts)
:{{DIcon}} I still need more time to read the script.
:;(Dialogue ends)

----

;(Finish filming the third act)
:'''Yano Machiko:''' Master Seishimaru, I've found you someone from the Wakayama Clan.
:'''Yano Machiko:''' But Master Keisuke is already... gone. Please, let this all go.
:'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Hmph. So, Kurotani, you must have come for revenge on my brother.
:'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Now listen here. Keisuke worked himself to the bone day and night to settle the clan's affairs this entire year...
:'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' And it was all because of your stupid agreement.
:{{DIcon}} So he's gone.
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' You're a coward for placing sole blame on your father's executioner!
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' And you won't get your revenge now, no matter how much you want it.
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' You know why? That's because our father's already gone.
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Kurotani, you didn't have what it took to avenge your adoptive parents!
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' And you wound up hurting Keisuke, who tried to persuade you with good intentions. You don't deserve to be called a samurai.
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Keisuke once said that executioners must be prepared to suffer retaliation.
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' If you can't even stomach that, then you can forget about charging into battle and taking the lives of others.
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Since Keisuke isn't here anymore.
::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Then I, his younger brother, Wakayama Kojuurou, am willing to take his place.
::{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, I...
:::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' It's too late for you to flee now. My brother died because of you, and I'll never forgive you.
:::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Or let you go!
::;(Film shoot succeeds &mdash; dialogue continues below)
::{{DIcon}} End it quick, I'm tired...
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
::;(Film shoot fails)
::{{DIcon}} You're going to lose, right...?
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
::;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} Did he go see the doctor?
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} Is he sleeping?
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:;(Film shoot fails)

;(Fight Wakayama Kojuurou in the film shoot)
:'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' This is for Keisuke!
:'''Yano Machiko:''' You're unbelievable. Why are you fighting again? You're both sensible adults, so why are you behaving like children?

;(After fighting Wakayama Kojuurou)
:'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' As long as you don't kill me, I'll devote my life to seeking revenge, and I won't rest until one of us is dead.
:{{DIcon}} I said the same thing once before.
::'''Yano Machiko:''' Well, it's fortunate that no one died. Just give it a rest, both of you!
::'''Yano Machiko:''' Look at this fuss you're both making...
::'''Yano Machiko:''' Clan this, revenge that &mdash; what about these vague notions is worth all this trouble anyway?
::'''Yano Machiko:''' I just sell tea. As long as I can eat my fill, I'm happy.
::'''Yano Machiko:''' I couldn't care less what my last name is!
::'''Yano Machiko:''' I don't have much of a way with words...
::'''Yano Machiko:''' But rain falls into the lake, the lake water evaporates, and rain falls from the sky again.
::'''Yano Machiko:''' Even if that rain water freezes, it will become sweet tea if you heat it over a stove.
::'''Yano Machiko:''' Who cares whether the tea you were served came from the sky, the lake...
::'''Yano Machiko:''' ...or the pot?
::'''Yano Machiko:''' Um... This might sound like sophistry.
::'''Yano Machiko:''' But I'm telling you both to stop this fighting now so you can go home to eat.
::{{DIcon}} I really like you, Machiko.
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' Huh? Why would you say that at a time like this? You're embarrassing me...
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' Good grief... Well, I'll just assume you won't fight with Master Wakayama anymore, then.
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' Turn back, he can't move right now anyway.
:::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' Since my life is like rain and my death is like tea.
:::'''Kurotani Seishimaru:''' Both are like water. There is no point clinging on to things like this.
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' It's good that you think so!
:::{{DIcon}} If rains from the heavens can save the earth from calamity, then surely I can too, right?
:::'''Yano Machiko:''' My Lord!
:::'''Wakayama Kojuurou:''' Kurotani!
::{{DIcon}} I really like you, Koharu.
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
::;(Film shoot fails)
::{{DIcon}} I really like you, Sasano.
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
::;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} You know you can't beat me.
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} What's my line again?
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, (Traveler). This is not how it goes in the script.
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need another look at the script and have a closer read of the ones I marked. We can start over when you are ready.
:;(Film shoot fails)

----

;(Land safely in the designated location)
:'''Following Xavier's prior arrangements, you extend your wind glider and reach the bottom of the cliff safely.'''

:'''Paimon:''' That was so close! Good thing you reacted quickly, eh?
:'''Paimon:''' The filming's finally done. Come to think of it, this makes Paimon the first audience of your film, doesn't it?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks you all did great! This film will be a massive hit for sure!
:'''Xavier:''' Are you alright, (Traveler)? Did you land safely?
:'''Paimon:''' We're fine. No worries, we'll be back up soon.

;(Rendezvous with everyone)
:'''Xavier:''' Perfect, this is the story I had in mind.
:'''Xavier:''' (Traveler), Mr. Sasano, and Miss Koharu, the performances you've contributed touched my heart! Thank you!
:'''Sasano:''' Hehe, surely you're exaggerating.
:'''Koharu:''' Yay!
:'''Xavier:''' It's true, you two. This story has a perfect ending to me.
:'''Xavier:''' I've been hoping to film a perfect swashbuckler film, and now I finally realized this dream.
:'''Xavier:''' Now I can hold my chest up high and hand this film over to the Yashiro Commissioner.
:'''Sasano:''' I feel very lucky to be part of this story too.
:'''Koharu:''' Speaking of which, this story is really familiar. I keep feeling like I've heard it before.
:'''Xavier:''' Have you heard about the legend of Seishimaru? I heard about it only a while ago from the owner of Uyuu Restaurant.
:'''Koharu:''' Mr. Okazaki? In the story I heard, Seishimaru had the surname Kawasaki, or was it Shimazaki? I can't really remember.
:'''Xavier:''' It's okay, folklores usually have many versions, and the same can be said about legends of Fontaine and Sumeru, too.
:{{DIcon}} What kind of legend does Sumeru have?
:{{DIcon}} What kind of legend does Fontaine have?
:'''Xavier:''' True, true. If Sumeru or Fontaine or even Natlan local legends were used as the source material, what sort of story would we have? Ah, I would certainly love to make some films there too.
:'''Xavier:''' *cough* But before that, I should try to find an opportunity to return to Fontaine. I've heard that some of my colleagues have also come up with machines with functions similar to the Film Kamera.
:'''Xavier:''' They have even given those machines all manner of names, such as the "Moving Picture Device" or the "Motion Picture Machine"... and they're currently arguing over who should get the patent to boot.
:'''Xavier:''' Well, I shan't bother with this... pointless quibbling. My one priority is to continue refining my Film Kamera.
:'''Xavier:''' Well then, I shall see you later, Traveler. Should we meet again, perhaps you'd like to help me shoot a film once more...?
{{Dialogue end}}

== Trivia ==
* [[Yamada Hifumi]] shares a same name with [[w:c:danganronpa:Hifumi Yamada|Hifumi Yamada]] a character of [[w:c:danganronpa|Danganronpa]] (弾丸論破), who was the Ultimate Fanfic Creator.

=="Mushounin" Script==
{{Main|"Mushounin" Script}}
{{Transclude|"Mushounin" Script|Text}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mushounin
|zhs     = 《无生忍》
|zhs_rm  = "Wúshēngrěn"
|zht     = 《無生忍》
|zht_rm  = "Wúshēngrěn"
|zh_tl   = "Anutpattika"
|ja      = 『無生忍』
|ja_rm   = "Mushounin"
|ja_tl   = "[https://www.wisdomlib.org/definition/anutpattika Anutpattika]"
|ko      = 《무생인》
|ko_rm   = "Musaeng'in"
|ko_tl   = "Anutpattika"
|es      = «Mushounin»
|fr      = Mushounin
|ru      = «Мусёнин»
|th      = "Mushounin"
|vi      = "Mushounin"
|de      = „Mushounin“
|id      = "Mushounin"
|pt      = Mushounin
|tr      = Mushounin
|it      = Mushounin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:«Mushounin»]]