{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = 
|image        = 
|type         = Families
|type2        = Mondstadt Clans
}}
The '''Musk Family''' is a family of academics based in [[Mondstadt]] that has existed for at least 400 years. They are most notable for studying [[hilichurls]], specifically [[Hilichurlian]] linguistics, though their family members have contributed to a wide array of [[Teyvat]]ian research.

==History==
Little is currently known about the Musk Family beyond the fact that they have been academics for over 400 years. The current earliest-known Musk member wrote "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom," excerpted in [[Breeze Amidst the Forest#Vol. 2|Breeze Amidst the Forest - The Dragon]], a hundred years after the [[Timeline#500|cataclysm 500 years ago]].<ref group="Note">The English version of Breeze Amidst the Forest erroneously attributes "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom" to Jacob Musk, but the original Chinese version simply attributes it to the Musks, without specifying a specific person.</ref>

The title of "El Musk" is passed down from generation to generation.<ref group="Note">The Archive description for [[Pyro Hilichurl Shooter]]s mentions "El Musk of the previous generation," while its description for [[Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl]]s refers to the "present-day El Musk."</ref> It is likely that "Ella Musk" is also a title that is passed down.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian}}</ref>

==Known Members==
===Unknown===
* [[Jacob Musk]]

===Present Day===
*Edith & Ella's Parents
**[[Ella Musk]]
**[[Dr. Edith]]

==Trivia==
* The Chinese name for the Musk Family, {{Lang|mini=1|zh=马斯克|zh_rm=Mǎsīkè}}, uses the same characters as the Chinese name for [[Musk Reef]]. Whether there is a relation between the two names is currently unclear.
** In Chinese, the same set of characters are used to transcribe the family name of entrepreneur and engineer {{lang|{{w|Elon Musk}}|zh=伊隆·马斯克}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Musk Family
|zhs     = 马斯克家族
|zhs_rm  = Mǎsīkè-jiāzú
|ja      = マスク{{Rubi|一|いち|族|ぞく}}
|ja_rm   = Masuku-ichizoku
|ko      = 머스크 {{tt|가문|家門}}
|ko_rm   = Meoseukeu Gamun
}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}