{{Location Infobox
|image        = Musk Reef.png
|type         = Subarea
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = Galesong Hill
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p> The main feature on the island is the portal to the [[Spiral Abyss]].</p><p>This island can be travelled to via a time tunnel, the bluish-purple portal, found at Cape Oath. Arriving at the island via the [[Time Tunnel]] grants the achievement [[Initiating Warp Drive!]]</p>}}

==Features==
===Domains===
{{Domains by Category Gallery}}

===Exploration===
* [[Anemograna]]
* [[Elemental Monument]] ({{Anemo}})

==Lore==
Before [[Barbatos]] became the Anemo [[Archon]] and reshaped the region of Mondstadt 2,600 years ago,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|3}}</ref> Musk Reef was part of the main continent and the summit of a great mountain. During this time, it was known as '''Pilos Peak'''. The adventurer [[Leonard]] attempted to reach the summit but failed, as recorded in his journal [[Of Mountains and Seas]].<ref name="US4">{{Ref/Quest|Where Ancient Stars Align}}</ref>

Leonard died before being able to achieve his dream, and Mondstadt was terraformed when Barbatos used his wind to blow the snow and ice off the land. Pilos Peak was swept off its original location, while the snow and ice melted and formed the ocean. As a result, the tall mountain peak was transformed into the island of Musk Reef.<ref name="US4" />

Some 2,000 years later, during the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event, his constellation was summoned down as meteorites that sent those who touched it into a deep sleep. In their dreams, the victims were compelled to climb towards the summit, driven by the long-dead Leonard's dream. The meteorite core, which contained the greatest elemental energy as well as Leonard's will, fell on Musk Reef. After fighting off the [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]] that went to investigate it as well, the [[Traveler]] and [[Mona]] destroy the meteorite core and put an end to the dreams.<ref name="US4" />

==Trivia==
* Musk Reef and [[Musk Family]] share the same phonetic characters for "Musk" in Chinese ({{Lang|mini=1|zh=马斯克|zh_rm=Mǎsīkè}}), Japanese ({{Lang|mini=1|ja=マスク|ja_rm=Masuku}}), and Korean ({{Lang|mini=1|ko=머스크|ko_rm=Meoseukeu}}). Since "Musk" is localized phonetically instead of using a translation of {{w|musk}}, it is likely that the "Musk" in Musk Reef is meant to be a proper noun.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/wHo0HKtwJyw
|caption1 = Musk Reef Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Musk Reef
|zhs     = 马斯克礁
|zhs_rm  = Mǎsīkè-jiāo
|zht     = 馬斯克礁
|zht_rm  = Mǎsīkè-jiāo
|zh_tl   = Musk Reef
|ja      = マスク{{Rubi|礁|しょう}}
|ja_rm   = Masuku-shou<ref>[[Map]], Label: Musk Reef (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Musk Reef
|ko      = 머스크 {{tt|암초|暗礁}}
|ko_rm   = Meoseukeu Amcho
|ko_tl   = Musk Reef
|es      = Arrecife de Musk
|es_tl   = Musk Reef
|fr      = Récif de Musk
|fr_tl   = Musk Reef
|ru      = Риф Маска
|ru_tl   = Mask Reef
|th      = Musk Reef
|vi      = Rặng Musk
|vi_tl   = Musk Reef
|de      = Musk-Riff
|de_tl   = Musk Reef
|id      = Musk Reef
|pt      = Recife de Musk
|pt_tl   = Musk Reef
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[es:Arrecife de Musk]]
[[ja:マスク礁]]
[[pt-br:Recife de Musk]]
[[th:Musk Reef]]