{{About|the sword|the [[Elemental Burst]]|Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Musou Isshin.png
|type         = Weapons
|type2        = Lore
|region       = Inazuma
}}
The {{Lang|'''Musou Isshin'''|ja=夢想の一心|ja_rm=Musou no Isshin}} is a legendary sword that was originally created from [[Makoto]]'s divine might. While it was in Makoto's possession, the blade was kept unsharpened and unused, and was used as a symbol of true peace. After her death during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago, she left a faint fragment of her will in it<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Radiant Sakura}}</ref> and passed it on to her sister [[Ei]], who began to use it as a weapon in battle.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Raiden Shogun|Musou Isshin}}</ref>

After creating [[the Shogun]], Ei transferred her consciousness into the Musou Isshin and created the [[Plane of Euthymia]], while the sword itself is kept within the Shogun and summoned from her heart.

Ever since the Musou Isshin was passed down, Ei and the Shogun have performed the [[Musou no Hitotachi]] with this blade. After Ei had a change of heart and released the full power of the Musou Isshin, Makoto's will was released from it.

The [[Raiden Shogun]]'s Elemental Burst, [[Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu]], changes her stance from wielding a Polearm to wielding the Musou Isshin (which uses Sword animations).

==Trivia==
* While romanized the same way, the ''Musou'' here ({{ja|夢想|tl=Dream}}) is different from the ''Musou'' in Musou no Hitotachi ({{ja|無想|tl=blank mind; a state where one is free from all thoughts and desires}}).
** In the Chinese and Japanese descriptions for Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu, "Musou no Hitotachi" is written using the characters for "dream" rather than the ones for "blank mind." The description points this out, saying that the Raiden Shogun has abandoned "the void-like 'Musou,' [and] she now shoulders a new 'Musou' &mdash; the dreams and ambitions of all."
* The Musou Isshin is a {{w|tachi}}, a Japanese sword used by samurai, albeit with a slightly longer hilt and blade than the more famous katana.<ref>{{Ref/Talent|Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Musou Isshin
|zhs     = 梦想一心
|zhs_rm  = Mèngxiǎng Yīxīn
|zht     = 夢想一心
|zht_rm  = Mèngxiǎng Yīxīn
|zh_tl   = Wholehearted Dream
|ja      = 夢想の一心
|ja_rm   = Musou no Isshin
|ja_tl   = Wholehearted Dream
|ja_note = Literally "One Heart's Dream."
|ko      = {{tt|몽상|夢想}}의 {{tt|일심|一心}}
|ko_rm   = Mongsang-ui Ilsim
|ko_tl   = Whole Heart of Fantasy
|es      = Mente onírica
|es_tl   = Oneiric Mind
|fr      = Harmonie d'idéal
|fr_tl   = Harmony of Ideal
|ru      = Мусо иссин
|th      = Musou Isshin
|vi      = {{tt|Mộng Tưởng Nhất Tâm|夢想一心}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Musou Isshin
|id      = Musou Isshin
|pt      = Musou Isshin
|tr      = Musou Isshin
|it      = Musou Isshin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[es:Mente onírica]]
[[ja:夢想の一心]]
[[pt-br:Musou Isshin]]
[[vi:Mộng Tưởng Nhất Tâm]]