{{RegionTabs}}
==Version 2.0 Special Program==
'''[https://youtu.be/l8YXe7EkmoU Version 2.0 Special Program]'''

'''Dawei:''' Just listening already makes me very excited for Inazuma. I don't know how much longer I can wait. Oh yes, I want to ask: are there any other landmarks closely associated with the Raiden Shogun?

'''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' If we don't talk about the Shogun's residence, Tenshukaku, for the time being, there is a geographical wonder in Inazuma called Musoujin Gorge. We feel that this location is very representative of the Raiden Shogun. Its existence is closely related to the Raiden Shogun. Here the Raiden Shogun once faced a large serpent that attacked from Watatsumi Island. To slay her opponent, the Raiden Shogun dealt a thunderous slash. But because her power was too strong, not only was the great serpent severed on the spot, the whole island was cleaved into two. Now, you can still see the remains of the great serpent when you set food on Yashiori Island, and the island is divided into north and south as if neatly sliced by a blade. This wondrous scene can be seen in the game &mdash; the result of that fierce battle in the past. But after the great serpent's tragic defeat, its grudge continues to linger. It has spawned something called Tatarigami. As a result, the Inazuma region has also developed a phenomena of suppressing the Tatarigami or exploiting the Tatarigami, from which is derived associated culture and history. For example: the mining of Crystal Marrow associated with the mining industry. That is, the excavation of a legacy related to the great serpent as well as the crafting of swords in Tatarasuna, etc.

The reason why the great serpent, Tatarigami, and the smelting at Tatarasuna are integrated in the design is also derived from some myths and legends that the great serpent is associated with primitive iron making.

'''Dawei:''' It feels like there are a lot of clues buried in Inazuma's design that a worth exploring.

'''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' Yes. We hope players will embark on the journey themselves and experience the customs of Inazuma step by step as they explore. Players can venture more deeply into the world of Teyvat, unearth more secrets, and also have a lot of fun in the process.