{{Faction Infobox
|image        = <!--Mutual Aid Network.png-->
|caption      = 
|leader       = 
|subfaction   = 
|founder      = [[Vautrin]]
|base         = [[Fortress of Meropide]]
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Mutual Aid Network''' is a network of prisoners in the Fortress of Meropide.<ref name='man'>{{Ref/Item|Mutual Aid Network Advertisement}}</ref>

==Overview==
The Mutual Aid Network was established around 400 years ago by the former Captain of the [[Special Security and Surveillance Patrol]], [[Vautrin]], after he was exiled to the Fortress of Meropide for killing hardliners opposed to [[Neuvillette]] in an act of revenge for what happened to [[Carole]]. Throughout his sentence, Vautrin remained disciplined, never having engaged in physical or verbal aggression. He encouraged the weaker criminals to stick together and look out for one another, earning him respect from his members even beyond his death. The badges they wear were designed by Vautrin based on the Medal of Peace he received from Neuvillette.<ref name='INL'>{{Ref/Quest|In a New Light}}</ref>

Members of the Mutual Aid Network primarily consist of, but are not limited to, those who committed minor crimes, thereby putting them at a disadvantage within the Fortress. By unionizing through the Mutual Aid Network, members of the society are able to stand up against those who attempt to oppress them.

The Mutual Aid Network abides by three principles: helping others, promoting justice, and accepting proper judgment. It encourages members to do what they are able within the Fortress, including cleaning, exercising, tutoring, and studying. It also hopes that each member can face up to the crimes they have committed and support each other in doing so.<ref name='man' />

==Members==
*[[Auriol]]
*[[Gordes]]
*[[Millereau]]
*[[Vautrin]] (founder and first president, deceased)
<!--
{{Characters by Category List|Mutual Aid Network|2
|not=Deceased Characters
|full_header=There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are part of the Mutual Aid Network
}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Mutual Aid Network
|zhs      = 互助会
|zhs_rm   = Hùzhù-huì
|zht      = 互助會
|zht_rm   = Hùzhù-huì
|zh_tl    = Mutual Aid Society
|ja       = 助け合いの会
|ja_rm    = Tasuke-ai no Kai
|ja_tl    = Mutual Aid Society
|ko       = 협력회
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Red de Ayuda Mutua
|es_tl    = Mutual Help Network
|fr       = Réseau d'entraide
|fr_tl    = Mutual Aid Network
|ru       = Группа взаимопомощи
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = สมาคมเกื้อกูล
|th_rm    = Samakhom Gue-goon
|th_tl    = Mutual Support Society
|vi       = Hội Tương Trợ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Gesellschaft für Gegenseitige Hilfe
|de_tl    = Society for Mutual Aid
|id       = Jaringan Gotong Royong
|id_tl    = Mutual Cooperation Network
|pt       = Rede de Ajuda Mútua
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Karşılıklı Yardımlaşma Derneği
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Rete di Mutuo Soccorso
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}