{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest Mycological Investigation in The Chasm.png
|type          = World
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Completed [[Chasm Spelunkers]] quest
|characters    = Khedive; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 40,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = 
}}
'''''Mycological Investigation in The Chasm''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]. Start the quest by collecting at least one [[Starshroom]] and then talk to [[Khedive]].

==Steps==
# Collect 8 [[Starshroom|shining mushrooms]]
# Bring the shining mushrooms back to Khedive for appraisal

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Chasm has a complex ecological and geological system. One of the most curious things here is the glowing mushrooms. Help the Sumeru scholar Khedive to investigate the mushrooms that grow in The Chasm...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Khedive)
:'''Khedive:''' What a curious geological environment we're in now! I'm sure I can outdo the research goals set by the Akademiya this year.
:'''Khedive:''' Oh, Traveler, what's up?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about these mushrooms...
:'''Khedive:''' No wonder they say you're an experienced adventurer &mdash; You came back with new findings so soon.
:'''Khedive:''' Huh? Are you sure you found them here? How strange...
:{{DIcon}} Is it strange for mushrooms to grow underground?
:'''Khedive:''' That's not what I mean.
:'''Khedive:''' It's just that they look similar to an indigenous mushroom in Sumeru.
:'''Khedive:''' I can't be sure yet with what we've got here. If I have enough samples, I might be able to arrive at a conclusion.
:'''Khedive:''' Speaking of which... Since you found it, you must know where to get more. Could you lend a hand?
:'''Khedive:''' Bring me enough mushrooms and I'll pay you handsomely.
:{{DIcon}} So, how many is enough?
:'''Khedive:''' Mmm... Lemme think. Please bring me eight for starters.
:'''Khedive:''' Don't worry. So long as you bring them to me, I'll make sure to repay you in full!

----

;(Talk to Khedive again)
:'''Khedive:''' What a curious geological environment we're in now! I'm sure I can outdo the research goals set by the Akademiya this year.
:'''Khedive:''' Oh, Traveler, what's up?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here're the mushrooms you asked for.
:'''Khedive:''' You have my thanks.
:'''Khedive:''' With your help, my research is &mdash; what do they call it in Liyue? &mdash; "as smooth as a cat soaring in the air."
:{{DIcon}} Like a winged tiger?
:'''Khedive:''' Yes, like a winged tiger!
:'''Khedive:''' What happened to these fungi?
:'''Khedive:''' How strange. They look almost identical to an indigenous species in Sumeru save for the fluorescein. Why? Is it because they've evolved in the darkness?
:'''Khedive:''' But why does their look remain the same after the evolution?
:{{DIcon}} You've lost me...
:{{DIcon}} Is anything not adding up?
:'''Khedive:''' Hmm... Simply put, fungi evolve to adapt to their surrounding environment, but by the looks of it, this type of fungi is more suited to living in forest environments.
:'''Khedive:''' That's why I'm so certain of their Sumeru origin.
:{{DIcon}} So, why do they glow?
:'''Khedive:''' Since they aren't an indigenous species of The Chasm, they didn't evolve to glow. Rather, the glowing is a result of some abnormal ecological phenomenon...
:'''Khedive:''' It's probably because of the fragment that fell from the sky. After absorbing its energy...
:{{DIcon}} The fragment?
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:'''Khedive:''' Ahem... Huh? What did you say? Something about a "fragment"? Um, I mean, when the fragments of fungi fell from the sky, they must've...
:'''Khedive:''' ...Undergone some random mutation.
:'''Khedive:''' That must be it!
:'''Khedive:''' Uh... Thank you for collecting these fungi. It's been a busy day. Please go get some rest, you've earned it!
:'''Khedive:''' I'm gonna study them now, so if you wouldn't mind leaving me alone for a bit...
;(Quest ends)

;(Dialogue continues to [[#Akademiya Recommendation Letter|Akademiya Recommendation Letter]] if the player has completed the other two investigation quests)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Akademiya Recommendation Letter===
<!-- Note: this section is transcluded to the sibling quests: "Paleontological Investigation in The Chasm" and "Hydrological Investigation in The Chasm" -->
After completing all three investigation quests, the player will be granted the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Of the Human Heart Many Essays Written]]'' and receive the [[Akademiya Recommendation Letter]] from Khedive.

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Dialogue continues immediately after the three investigation quests are completed)
:'''Khedive:''' Let's get to the serious topic.
:'''Khedive:''' You've done me a big favor the past few days. I really don’t know how I can repay you.
:'''Khedive:''' Considering our amiable collaboration so far, it wouldn't be enough to pay you with Mora.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, if you insist...
:'''Khedive:''' Be serious! Am I so vulgar as to humiliate you with mere gold?
:'''Khedive:''' Wouldn't that be a sheer insult to you?
:'''Khedive:''' Here, take this letter. If you ever run into any trouble or need some help in your future journey in Sumeru, bring it to the House of Purbiruni.
:'''Khedive:''' We'll spare no effort in helping you.
:'''Khedive:''' "Connections are far more precious than gold."
:'''Khedive:''' This Sumeru saying rings quite true.
;(Obtain [[Akademiya Recommendation Letter]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==See also==
Complete the other two investigation quests to obtain the Akademiya Recommendation Letter:
* [[Hydrological Investigation in The Chasm]]
* [[Paleontological Investigation in The Chasm]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mycological Investigation in The Chasm
|zhs     = 层岩菌类调查
|zhs_rm  = Céngyán Jùnlèi Diàochá
|zht     = 層岩菌類調查
|zht_rm  = Céngyán Jùnlèi Diàochá
|zh_tl   = Chasm Fungus Investigation
|ja      = 層岩キノコ調査
|ja_rm   = Sougan Kinoko Chousa{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Chasm Mushroom Investigation
|ko      = {{tt|층암|層岩}} {{tt|균류|菌類}} {{tt|조사|調査}}
|ko_rm   = Cheung'am Gyullyu Josa
|ko_tl   = Chasm Fungus Investigation
|es      = Investigación fúngica
|es_tl   = Fungal Investigation
|fr      = Enquête mycologique dans le Gouffre
|fr_tl   = Mycological Investigation in the Chasm
|ru      = Микологическое исследование Разлома
|ru_tl   = Mycological Investigation of the Rupture
|th      = สำรวจเห็ดใน Chasm
|th_rm   = Samruat het nai Chasm
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Điều Tra Nấm Vực Đá Sâu
|vi_tl   = Investigation of {{Lexicon|The Chasm|vi}}'s Mushroom
|de      = Pilzforschung in der Großen Kluft
|de_tl   = Mushroom Research in the Chasm
|id      = Penyelidikan Jamur Chasm
|id_tl   = Chasm Mushroom Investigation
|pt      = Investigação Micológica no Despenhadeiro
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kanyon'da Mikolojik Araştırma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ricerca micologica nella Voragine
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}