{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest Mysterious Urban Legend.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Divina Vulpes Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = The Great Narukami Offering
|character     = Yae Miko
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
* Reach Adventure Rank 40
* Complete [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]] and [[Transient Dreams]]
|prev          = 
|next          = Friendship in Writing
|exp           = 425
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Arakawa Kouji; Junkichi; Katou Shingo; Katou Youhei; Kenji; Kiyoto; Kuroda; Nobuo; Paimon; Shigeru; Takatoshi; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Mysterious Urban Legend''''' is the first part of [[Yae Miko]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Divina Vulpes Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Great Narukami Offering]].

==Steps==
# Take a stroll around [[Hanamizaka]]
# Investigate a kaidan that has been making the rounds recently
# Go to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] and look for [[Yae Miko]]
# Search for Youhei's brother
# Ask the villagers about Youhei and his brother
# Ask the villagers for more information
# "Exorcise" Katou Shingo
# Defeat the spirit that has possessed Shingo
# Investigate the truth behind the spirit

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You planned to visit the Yae Publishing House, but after arriving in Hanamizaka, you find that it is more lively than usual here...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Take a stroll around Hanamizaka)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We haven't been to the Yae Publishing House in a while. Paimon wonders if they have any new books in? The one we read with Ei that time was pretty cool...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 01.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' Come on, this is a no-brainer, man! There's only one thing worth wishing for &mdash; and that is a ton of Mora!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 kiyoto 01.ogg}} '''Kiyoto:''' But the exam's next week... If I fail again, I'm seriously done for. I'm better off wishing that my exam goes smoothly.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 02.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' Ahh, it's just an exam! Trust me, there's no problem you can't solve by throwing Mora at it. If it doesn't work, then just keep throwing till it does!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are they arguing about? It's quite a spirited debate.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 03.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' Huh...? Really? You guys don't know?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 04.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' "You need but stand on this land at midnight, lower your head and recite a special incantation, then your wish will come true!"
:{{DIcon}} What does that mean?
:{{DIcon}} Is it from a novel?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 05.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' Looks like you guys really aren't in the loop. This, my friends, is the next big thing. A highly effective wish ritual, guaranteed to make your wishes come true!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A wish ritual? ...That actually works?
:{{DIcon}} This does not sound credible...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right? Even Paimon knows that's just not how the world works.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 06.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' Heh, I didn't believe it at first, either. But that changed when it worked for someone I know.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 07.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' It's this guy called Kunihiko. He's practically always been unemployed, wastes his days away, and he owes a lot of money... like, a lot! But get this &mdash; I don't see him for a few days, and suddenly I find him dressed to the nines and feasting at a high-class restaurant!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 08.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' I heard it directly from him. He used this wishing ritual, and the next day he woke up to find his whole bed filled high with Mora!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His whole bed was filled with M&mdash;M&mdash;M...!? Woooow!!!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, calm down.
:{{DIcon}} You're so excited you can barely get the words out.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 kiyoto 02.ogg}} '''Kiyoto:''' Of course, I'm sure the part about waking up lying on a bed of Mora is a bit of an exaggeration.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 kiyoto 03.ogg}} '''Kiyoto:''' But whether you believe it or not, it's not exactly a difficult ritual. It can't hurt to give it a try, right?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 takatoshi 09.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' If you're still feeling skeptical, just ask around. There are a lot of very compelling stories about this going around these days.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Well c'mon, (Traveler), let's go ask around right now, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} Why the sudden urgency?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if it really is true, then just think of all the Mora Paimon could... Oh and you'd finally be reunited with your twin, too! Let's go, let's go!

;(Talk to Takatoshi or Kiyoto again)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 takatoshi 01.ogg}} '''Takatoshi:''' Come on, bring me Mora... Mora, Mora, and more Mora...
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 kiyoto 01.ogg}} '''Kiyoto:''' I'm not as greedy as he is... I just wanna get through my exam...
----

;(Investigate a kaidan that has been making the rounds recently)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' On closer inspection, it seems like there really are a lot of people talking about this kind of stuff. Hey, see those two? Paimon remembers them from the Yae Publishing House. One's an editor and the other's an author.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 01.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' ...Grasp the thought in mind, clear like... ah, clear like the light of the moon. As close as kin with you... no, "thou"...  wait, "thee." Uh, hear my... summons, right?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 shigeru 01.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' No, no, it's not "hear my summons," it's "heed my summons," "heed." *sigh* You're never going to get it down at this rate.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what are you guys up to?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 02.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Whoa! Sheesh, you scared me. Okay, okay... Where did I leave off with the incantation, again...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Incantation? Are you guys trying out this new wishing ritual stuff, too?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 shigeru 02.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' Junkichi is trying it out, to be specific. He's hit a bit of a creativity block recently, so I'm helping him make a wish so that he can move past it.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't think you guys would believe in this kind of thing.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 shigeru 03.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' I mean, I obviously don't. But Junkichi never listens to an outside opinion. So all I can do is go along with it.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 03.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Mr. Shigeru, can you please be a little more accommodating? This is extremely important to me!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 04.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' People have had all kinds of wishes come true: become more attractive, get rich quick, ace their studies... I'm just a poor, struggling writer looking to get over a creative hurdle. Is that so much to ask?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 05.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Anyway, I just know this is going to work. I have a gut feeling about it.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 shigeru 04.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' Didn't you say the same thing when you went to make your wish at the Grand Narukami Shrine? "Oh, I just know this is gonna work, I have a gut feeling about it."
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 06.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' The omamori from the shrine take too long to have any effect on your luck. Ugh, alright, enough of that, help me get this incantation down. My new book depends on it!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 shigeru 05.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' *sigh* Look, to be completely honest, I think you need to sit down and have a good think about what kind of story you wanna write. Where's all that self-confidence you had when you first started out?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 shigeru 06.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' Look at you now! Trying dubious methods from any old light novel.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, wait, wait.... What? This wishing ritual comes from a light novel?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 07.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Yup. It's from the one called "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits."
:{{DIcon}} Is it published by Yae Publishing House?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 08.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' No, it's most likely a self-published title. It just appeared out of nowhere and took Inazuma by storm.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 09.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' As a fellow writer, I'll refrain from passing comment on how well the story is written. But everyone is saying the wishing incantations it contains are the real deal.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 shigeru 07.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' Look, Junkichi... yes, everyone's saying it's real, it works, but that's only half the story. I've also heard lots of people saying that everyone who's had their wish granted using this method starts behaving strangely!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 junkichi 10.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' What's so surprising about that? They're probably just giddy with joy at having their wish come true!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, this is starting to sound a little suspicious...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we go to the Grand Narukami Shrine and ask Yae Miko about it, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's the expert when it comes to both light novels and the supernatural!
:;(Obtain [[A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits]])

;(Talk to Junkichi or Shigeru again)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 junkichi 01.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Grasp the thought in mind, clear like the light of the moon... how does it go after that?
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 shigeru 01.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' Junkichi, just give it up. Do you really think someone's going to just descend from the heavens and write your novel for you? I can't believe I'm saying this to a writer, but you need to learn to separate fact from fiction.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 junkichi 02.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Mr. Shigeru, please! I'd appreciate it if you stopped trying to tear my dreams to smithereens. I am in great distress and desperately need to make a breakthrough!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You learn from Shigeru and Junkichi that the source of the kaidan is a light novel named "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits." You decide to find out more about it from Yae Miko.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine and look for Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko! Great, you're here.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well hello there, young ones. What brings you to the shrine? It just so happens that I have a wonderful novel here. I highly recommend it.
:{{DIcon}} We'd like your expert input on something.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Well what did you want to ask?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we were just... Uh, actually, you look kinda busy, is this a bad time?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, no, not at all. It's nothing major.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 01.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' L&mdash;Lady Guuji... what do you mean, "nothing major"? I'm begging you, you've gotta help me save my brother!
:{{DIcon}} What's up with him?
:{{DIcon}} What's happened?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It really is nothing major, I stand by that. Oh, but since you're so curious, let's have him relate the story one more time, just for you.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 02.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' You two seem to have a good relationship with Guuji Yae. Please, put in a good word for me, you have to convince her to help my brother!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 03.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Here's what happened. My name is Katou Youhei, and my brother is Katou Shingo. All he's ever wanted is to become a swordmaster, so he once asked Sensei Domon of the Meikyou Shisui Art to take him on as a disciple.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 04.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Domon turned him away. Took one look at him and said he didn't have what it takes to train in the art of the sword. But my brother wasn't about to resign himself to defeat &mdash; he trained every day as hard as he could, and finally proved himself by defeating one of Domon's best disciples in a duel recently.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 05.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' But since his victory, he's been acting extremely strange. It's like he's become a completely different person... The doctors can't find anything wrong with him, so I'm betting it must be the work of an evil spirit. That's why I'm here begging for Guuji Yae's help...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hahaha... You know, there really aren't as many evil spirits lurking around as you seem to think. Your brother achieved the goal he'd been striving toward for as long as he can remember, and now it's gone. It's only natural that he feels a little empty and lost while he's trying to find a new direction.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If it were me, I'd just leave him be for a couple of days. He'll recover on his own soon enough.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 06.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' No, Lady Guuji! If you saw him for yourself, you'd know. I guarantee you, he is not acting like someone who feels empty and lost!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, alright, alright. Then tell me, when did your brother spar with Domon's disciple?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 07.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' About... five days ago.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... five days ago, you say...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 08.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Yes, Lady Guuji. That's a long time for him to be acting up like this. I'm really worried about him!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 09.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Our greatest wish is to one day found our own school, just like Domon. We can't jeopardize that dream now!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Wait a minute, now I'm a little confused. Are you here to save your brother, or are you here to make your dreams of founding a martial arts school come true?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 10.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Uh... Well they're kinda two sides of the same coin, aren't they?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? Whatever. Let me ask you this, have you heard of any interesting new rumors lately? If so, I'd love to hear about them.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 11.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Wh&mdash;What? Rumors? I... I haven't heard anything!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh dear. Well, that's too bad.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 12.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Lady Guuji, please, stop changing the subject. This is someone's life we're talking about here! Please, you've gotta help me!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, he seems really desperate. This thing with his brother sounds really bad... Come on, you should help him.
:{{DIcon}} He looks very anxious.
:{{DIcon}} He looks very pitiful.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Okay, fine. Then it's decided!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, Miko! So you're gonna help him?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Katou whatever-your-name-was, these two guests are trusted acquaintances of mine, and in fact they are experts in resolving all manner of strange and supernatural phenomena. Exorcisms and that sort of thing are all in a day's work for them.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Uh, wait a sec...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 13.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Um.. r&mdash;really!?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Is that hesitation that I detect in your voice? So let me get this straight, you come begging to me for help, I actually recommend someone for the job, then suddenly you start doubting me?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 katouyouhei 14.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Not at all, never! Whatever Lady Guuji says, I trust wholeheartedly! Thank you two for your willingness to help, please follow me!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now hold on a hot second, Miko! We may be a lot of things, but we ain't exorcists!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, this is way beyond our level!
:{{DIcon}} We have no clue about this!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, don't worry. If he wants an exorcism, just grab a handful of salt and mutter some mumbo-jumbo while you're sprinkling it around.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's a common trope in light novels, right? You just have to have a bit of bravado. As soon as the protagonist gains self-confidence, everything else just magically falls into place.
:{{DIcon}} This is not a light novel though...
:{{DIcon}} Pretty sure there's more to an exorcism than "bravado"...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, you were the ones who seemed concerned about his situation. Don't you think it would be a little unfair to make me do all the work?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Besides, we both know you wouldn't be here at the Grand Narukami Shrine unless you had a request for me, too. This is an opportunity to demonstrate that you come in good faith.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... this feels all wrong, but you technically have a point, so...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, let's go. Don't worry, now, I'll be coming along too.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, (Traveler), let's follow Youhei and go visit his brother.

;(After talking to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is going on here? Granted, you can never be quite sure what's going on in Miko's mind, but she seems even more disinterested than usual in Youhei's situation...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, a life's at stake here, so it looks like we'll have to deal with that first before we'll get the chance to ask her about the incantation stuff.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Arriving at the Grand Narukami Shrine, you see Youhei, who is begging Yae Miko for help. A life is at stake here, so you decide to see Youhei's elder brother first.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Search for Youhei's brother in Konda Village)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 katouyouhei 01.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Hmm, how strange. My brother's been meditating here pretty much constantly over the past few days, but now he's gone!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Meditating?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 katouyouhei 02.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Yeah, it's something that he suddenly started doing after defeating Domon's disciple. He just sits there alone, talking to himself... It's pretty disturbing, actually.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 katouyouhei 03.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' But that's not important right now! Where the heck could he have gone in his current state?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, this does pose a bit of a problem. If we can't find your brother, well, we can't perform an exorcism with nothing to exorcise, can we?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Katou whatever-your-name-was, given the circumstances, why don't you start by going to find your brother and also picking up a handful of salt on your way. We'll need to use it during the exorcism.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 katouyouhei 04.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Okay... okay, got it! I'm on it!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, what about us? Shouldn't we help look for his brother, too?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 4 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, no need. While what's-his-face is handling that, we'll take a walk around and ask people what they know about the two brothers. Maybe we'll find out some amusing details.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Youhei has run off to look for his brother. Perhaps you should take this opportunity to ask around a bit.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Nobuo while asking villagers about Youhei and his brother)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, Sir! We'd like to ask you about the Katou brothers.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 nobuo 01.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' Oh, are you debt collectors? Youhei said to tell you not to worry &mdash; he'll be able to pay you back as soon as he has enrolled a few disciples...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Debt collectors? No, no, we're not here for anything like that!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, uh, it sounds like Youhei and Shingo have gotten themselves into a bit of a pickle...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 nobuo 02.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' Well, yes, I don't think there's any disputing that. Those two don't have an ounce of dedication between them. They just hop between ideas and won't stick to anything.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But Youhei said his brother has always wanted to become a swordmaster, and even asked Domon to be his sensei.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 nobuo 03.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' That's true, yes. Shingo begged Domon to take him on and eventually, he finally relented. But even after convincing a renowned sensei to give him a chance, he was the same as ever, bumming around in class instead of focusing on his training.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 nobuo 04.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' In the end, Domon had enough and kicked him out. But Shingo was resentful about it. He blamed Domon for not seeing his potential, and even declared that he would challenge a disciple of Domon to a duel.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what? That's not what we heard...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, how interesting. We heard a slightly different version: "My brother wasn't about to resign himself to defeat &mdash; he trained every day as hard as he could, and finally proved himself by defeating one of Domon's best disciples in a duel recently."
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 nobuo 05.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' Haha! Youhei said that? That Shingo trained hard? That's ridiculous, he just lay there cussing to high heaven all day, every day. Some training regimen that is.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 5 nobuo 06.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' Youhei did tell me about Shingo winning the fight, but I took it with a grain of salt. You can ask Kenji at the village entrance more about that. He always has reliable information.

;(Talk to Nobuo again)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 nobuo 01.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' I always used to tell Shingo to stop wasting his time, find something worthwhile to do, and stick to it.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 nobuo 02.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' Their parents passed away when they were young, and as the older of the two, he should be setting a good example rather than lazing around all the time... Of course, he wouldn't listen to me.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 nobuo 03.ogg}} '''Nobuo:''' In my opinion, he hasn't had things bad enough yet to really feel the heat. He doesn't understand that you have to stay grounded and focused in life.

----

;(Talk to Kenji while asking the villagers for more information)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, we've come to ask you about the Katou brothers!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 01.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Oh, you mean Shingo and Youhei?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We heard that Shingo defeated an apprentice of Domon's recently. Is that true?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 02.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Haha, yes it's true. Wait, so are you here because you heard they're starting their own school and you're looking to sign up?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're not here to sign up, but we would like to hear more details about the fight.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 03.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Well, you've come to the right person. I actually went to watch it.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 04.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' I thought it was a joke when I first heard that Shingo was going to challenge a disciple of the Meikyou Shisui Art. But when he drew his sword, whoa. He became a whole different person.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 05.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' The way he handled his blade, it was like flowing water. Mesmerizing to watch. Domon's disciple is no pushover, but he was absolutely no match for Shingo.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is Shingo really that strong!?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 06.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Yup. He seemed pretty euphoric after winning the duel, too... he was celebrating very vocally, saying something like "What a duel! I haven't felt this good in a long time!"
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, any other details to share? We've heard that Shingo has been behaving rather out of character since then.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 07.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Hmm... I'd definitely say that he has more energy than he used to. In the past, he never used to do much except lie around sunbathing all day.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 08.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' But just yesterday, for example, I saw him cutting down trees for the village head. In the space of one afternoon, he did what most people couldn't finish in three days. Not only that, but he managed to fell a Lavender Melon Tree with just one kick!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Quite impressive.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 kenji 09.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Things got weird after that though. The village head brought out some tofu for him, and he just flipped out. He shouted: "What is that stuff!? Keep that away from me!" then ran off.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 katouyouhei 01.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Lady Guuji. Esteemed exorcists. Finally, I've found you!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 katouyouhei 02.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' I found my brother, he's at the waterfall. And I've got the salt you asked for, too. C'mon, let's go!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As much as I'd prefer to stay and hear some more delicious details, I suppose we had better be going now that he's been found.

;(Talk to Kenji again)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 kenji 01.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Shingo's been pretty upbeat lately, but for some reason, Youhei's been in a really gloomy mood. I thought they were about to start taking on disciples and start their new chapter &mdash; what could be getting him down?
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq001 kenji 02.ogg}} '''Kenji:''' Maybe it's the weight of the responsibility dawning on him? If so, I guess Youhei's finally growing up.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The nearby folk have mentioned a great deal about Shingo. Youhei also mentions that he saw his brother at the waterfall. It's time to meet this swordmaster.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the waterfall where Katou Shingo is located at)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 6 katouyouhei 03.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Look! Look over there! That's him, at the waterfall!

;(Get closer to Katou Shingo)
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is Youhei's brother. Whoa, he's meditating while sitting in a waterfall! That's pretty wild!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, listen, he's talking to himself...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 01.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' ...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 02.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' Wooh!... Hehehe... How's that! Can you... feel it!?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 01.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Uhhhh...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 03.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' Can you feel... the feeling... of manliness!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 04.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' Found your own school... Hah! So shallow... How can a manly man... aspire to something... so... lame!?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 05.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' ...Ugh... Please, spare me... spare me... I&mdash;I can't feel the... m&mdash;manliness... I can't even feel the cold anymore...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 06.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' ...I... I can't take any more... I'm gonna die...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 07.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' Youhei... Youhei! S&mdash;Save me! Save me!!!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you hear that, (Traveler)? All the nonsense aside, he's calling for help!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katoushingo 08.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' Huh? Who... Who goes there?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He stood up... and now he's coming this way!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 02.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' No! Don't come any closer!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 03.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Help!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do we do? (Traveler), Miko! Think of something!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Aww, poor thing.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Youhei, your brother's life is hanging in the balance, and he's using his final breaths to call on you for help. Whatever shall we do?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 04.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Uh, I... Well, how should I know?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The way it looks to me is that Shingo feels terribly resentful to you about something. Would you mind telling me what that's all about?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 05.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' I don't know what to tell you! I don't know!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You don't know? But surely you should have more insight than anyone else into how your brother came to be this way?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Youhei, I suggest you think very carefully before you open your mouth again. This is a life-or-death situation.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 06.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Uhhh! Umm... Ummm...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "Uhhh! Umm... Ummm..."? Your brother is your closest relative. You must have noticed straight away when he started acting out of character.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And yet five whole days pass before it occurs to you to come and seek help from me. You really expect me not to notice the gaping holes in your story?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 07.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' But I&mdash;
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As you wish. It's fine by me if you don't want to tell the truth.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But after Shingo dies, you'll be next.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's futile trying to escape. Anywhere in the world you run to, it will be right behind your back. After all... you did summon it together.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 08.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Aaaah!!!!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 09.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Alright, I'll talk, I'll talk! I'll tell you everything! ...My brother and I used a wishing incantation. We made a wish!
:{{DIcon}} "Made a wish"?
:{{DIcon}} From "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits"?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 10.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Yes! Yes, that's it! The one that's all the rage right now. You just have to recite an incantation at midnight and your wish will be granted!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 11.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Just like the book described, we drew the magic symbol, stepped inside it barefoot at midnight, said the incantation, and lo and behold &mdash; spheres of light appeared all around us!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 12.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' After my brother wished to become a swordmaster, it really worked &mdash; out of nowhere, he suddenly had these amazing sword skills. But his whole personality changed, too!
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you seek help right away?
:{{DIcon}} Why did you wait till now to get him some help?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 13.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Because... I was worried that if he goes back to normal, he'll lose his skills with the sword.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 14.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' If that happens, it'd ruin our plans to start a martial arts school, and we'd be back to being poor. I just wanted to keep this under wraps until we'd managed to get the dojo set up and paid off our debts...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So then why'd you go to the Grand Narukami Shrine?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 15.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Well, cause with the way he's acting now, I was worried that rumors might start spreading that he's gotten involved in the occult arts or something. And then no one would wanna sign up as his disciple!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 16.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' So I was thinking that maybe Lady Guuji might have a way to get my brother back to normal but let him keep his sword skills...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' My, look at you with your ingenious schemes!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Stop deluding yourself. These new-found sword skills are not his, they belong to the spirit that has possessed him.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 17.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' You're right, you're right! We were wrong to do what we did! We had this coming!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright then. Your turn now, my little friend. Toss the salt, and then draw your sword.

:{{color|menu|As the salt is sprinkled, Katou Shingo collapses, and the thing that the two brothers "summoned" manifests...}}

:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What is that!?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 18.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Aaaah!!! It's the s&mdash;s&mdash;spirit!!!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' See that? That's what you summoned. And look, now that Shingo's no use, it's coming straight for you.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 katouyouhei 19.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Waahhh! Save me! Save me...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' M&mdash;Miko! He fainted! What do we do now?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' We do nothing.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But you, little one. Just a quick fight and this will all be over.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 arakawakouji 01.ogg}} '''Arakawa Kouji:''' Huh... Hahahaha! Who's this? Ah, a fellow swordmaster!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 arakawakouji 02.ogg}} '''Arakawa Kouji:''' Come on! Fight me!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's coming, (Traveler)! Be careful!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|A mysterious samurai spirit has come out of Shingo's body. Fight first, parley later!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;("Exorcise" Katou Shingo)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The spirit has dissipated. Time to find out the truth behind this incident.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After defeating the spirit that has possessed Shingo)
:{{color|menu|After a difficult battle, you defeat the spirit that was possessing Shingo...}}
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 arakawakouji 01.ogg}} '''Arakawa Kouji:''' Hehe... Hahaha... That was great, excellent! Wooh! What a rush!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 arakawakouji 02.ogg}} '''Arakawa Kouji:''' I haven't felt this great... in a long, long time!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He... disappeared. But he looked pretty content at the end there.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, well, Paimon sure is confused. Do you know what that was all about, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} I have a rough idea.
:{{DIcon}} I'm completely bewildered as well.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, we can talk about it later. They're about to wake up.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katoushingo 01.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' *cough cough* ...What am I doing here... Youhei? Youhei, is that you?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katouyouhei 01.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Shingo! Are you alright?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katoushingo 02.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' Youhei, I had the weirdest dream...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katoushingo 03.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' I dreamed that I wasn't a useless loser with the sword anymore. I even beat one of Domon's disciples.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katoushingo 04.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' I thought we could finally open a dojo of our own now... but then I realized, I couldn't control my own body, and there was this voice in my ear talking to me constantly.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katoushingo 05.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' I was terrified and I wanted to take control of my body back, but I couldn't. And the voice kept talking about "manliness"...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katouyouhei 02.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Shingo, we shouldn't have made that wish. We summoned a spirit and... it possessed you!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, and had we not come to your rescue, your life would've been over before too much longer. Then, the spirit would have haunted your brother until he died of fatigue, too.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katouyouhei 03.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Thank you, Lady Guuji! And thank you for your assistance, exorcism experts!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, take him to get some rest. He's very weak right now, having been possessed for quite a few days.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' He will experience a high fever, but it won't be fatal. Remember, this is the price you pay.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' At this point, I would normally lecture you on the dire consequences of using occult methods to obtain power that does not belong to you... but I think you get the picture now, don't you?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katoushingo 06.ogg}} '''Katou Shingo:''' Yes... we understand now! We won't ever do it again!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katouyouhei 04.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' Thank you, Lady Guuji! Thank you, exorcists!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 katouyouhei 05.ogg}} '''Katou Youhei:''' We'll be on our way then. Come on, Shingo.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, would they really have lost their lives if we hadn't gotten involved?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And if so... why the heck were you so reluctant to help out!?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ugh, they would've been fine.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I had to scare them a little, though. Otherwise I hardly think these two lazy rascals would have learned their lesson.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... what was it that possessed Shingo?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You saw it all for yourselves. I'm sure you can figure out what kind of spirit had possessed him, can't you?
:{{DIcon}} A master of the sword...
:{{DIcon}} Lots of strength and passion...
:{{DIcon}} But doesn't like tofu.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Paimon's got it! It was an oni!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Correct. Although it possessed Shingo, it didn't have any ill intentions. As a matter of fact, it actually seemed like it was trying to train Shingo to become bolder.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Fair enough, but it seems like it had the opposite effect.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Tossing salt caused it to temporarily leave Shingo's body. Then, you exhausted its strength by fighting it, so it disappeared.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Even if we'd done nothing at all, Shingo would have eventually become too weak for his body to host the spirit, and it would have left of its own accord.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Of course, it would have been more stressful for Shingo and Youhei that way, hehe. Still, the experience may ultimately have been more effective than me scaring them into submission with a little exaggeration.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Well, the main thing is that nobody got hurt.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, seems like we've wrapped up everything here. Come on, off we go.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on, Miko! You say everything's wrapped up, but are you sure about that?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? You mean you disagree?
:{{DIcon}} The incantation they used...
:{{DIcon}} The book, "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits"...
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, you mean that they got the incantation from that book. Yes, I know the one.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, that book's the whole reason we came looking for you at the shrine today. Incantations seem really popular right now.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Human beings don't have powers like us youkai. It's quite understandable for them to be interested in incantations to summon the supernatural.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's not the point! The problem is that the incantations in the book are actually capable of summoning spirits and stuff! And loads of people are trying it!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ugh, even then, humans only have so much strength. Even if they do successfully summon a spirit with the incantation, it won't stay with them for very long. I really wouldn't fret about it.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But who wrote this book, and why? Don't we think there might be a bigger safety risk here?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you think, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} It does worry me a bit.
::{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 14a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... Youhei and Shingo may have been fine in the end, but things got pretty scary when Shingo was possessed.
:{{DIcon}} If Miko says it's fine, we probably don't need to worry.
::{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 14b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, when you put it that way... She has been pretty trustworthy so far. She said from the beginning that it wasn't anything major, and so far, there hasn't been any big danger.
:{{DIcon}} I'm more curious about Miko's reaction.
::{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 14c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right. Big events in the light novel market should be at the center of her attention, surely? But she doesn't seem to care about this book at all.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Lady Yae! I've finally found you.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Kuroda? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 kuroda 02.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' I'm here to report on Yae Publishing House's sales for the last month. All the numbers are here, please take a look.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let me see... What? We're losing market share?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 kuroda 03.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Yes. "Overall Bestseller," "Reader's Favorite," and "Trending Ranking"... We're being beaten in all categories!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 kuroda 04.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' One book is topping all the charts... It's called "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits."
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Both of you, back here, now!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, what is it? You have a really scary look on your face right now.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Things just got serious. "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" is an all-round hit, summarily beating the novels of the Yae Publishing House by every analysis.
:{{DIcon}} Define "serious"...?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Just what is that supposed to mean!? I worked extremely hard to promote our latest featured work, and now a rival book comes out of nowhere and steals our thunder! If this isn't the very definition of intolerable, I don't know what is.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I have to come up with a counter plan. And you are going to help me.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How is this our problem all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Paimon, please. "Who wrote this book, and why? Don't we think there might be a bigger safety risk here?"
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* Am I to take it that the safety of the people of Inazuma isn't so important in your eyes after all?
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... what just happened... Again, you technically have a point, but... this feels all wrong!
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 26.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Nothing's wrong, okay? Come on. We're going to war.
:{{A|vo ymlq001 8 yaemiko 27.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm going to head back and make some preparations. Meet me outside the Yae Publishing House.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Idle Quotes===
Several unnamed NPCs have idle quotes during this quest.

One NPC near Kiyoto and Takatoshi:
* {{A|vo ymlq001 2 peoplea 01.ogg}} "Face the ground at the stroke of midnight..."

Two NPCs near [[Amenoma Smithy]]:
* {{A|vo ymlq001 2 peopleb 01.ogg}} "The incantation is a little hard to memorize."
* {{A|vo ymlq001 2 peoplec 01.ogg}} "I hear it's more effective than the Grand Narukami Shrine!"

Two NPCs near [[Kiminami Restaurant]]:
* {{A|vo ymlq001 2 peopled 01.ogg}} "I want to try too."
* {{A|vo ymlq001 2 peoplee 01.ogg}} "What? It actually worked for him?"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mysterious Urban Legend
|zhs     = 神秘怪谈
|zhs_rm  = Shénmì Guàitán
|zht     = 神秘怪談
|zht_rm  = Shénmì Guàitán
|zh_tl   = Mysterious Monster Tale
|ja      = 奇異な怪談
|ja_rm   = Kii na Kaidan
|ja_tl   = Mysterious Ghost Story
|ko      = 신비한 괴담
|ko_rm   = Sinbihan Goedam
|ko_tl   = Mysterious Strange Story
|es      = La misteriosa leyenda urbana
|es_tl   = The Mysterious Urban Legend
|fr      = Mystérieuse légende urbaine
|fr_tl   = Mysterious Urban Legend
|ru      = Мистические истории
|ru_tl   = Mystic Stories
|th      = ตำนานลี้ลับ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Mysterious Legend
|vi      = Câu Chuyện {{tt|Thần Bí|神秘}}
|vi_tl   = Mystical Story
|de      = Mysteriöse Schauergeschichte
|de_tl   = Mysterious Horror Story
|id      = Legenda Urban Misterius
|id_tl   = Mysterious Urban Legend
|pt      = Lendas Urbanas Misteriosas
|pt_tl   = Mysterious Urban Legends
|tr      = Gizemli Şehir Efsanesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Leggenda metropolitana misteriosa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[es:La misteriosa leyenda urbana]]