{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Mysterious Ruins.png
|type         = Quest
|description  = Mysterious ruins that have been hidden deep under layers of sand. An incomprehensible power seems to flow within...
|subarea      = The Mausoleum of King Deshret
|area         = Hypostyle Desert
|subregion    = Great Red Sand
|region       = Sumeru
|requiredAR   = 35
|recLevel     = WL-dependent
|recElements  = Pyro,Electro,Cryo
|quest        = Secret of the Scorching Desert
|quest_type   = Archon
}}
'''Mysterious Ruins''' is a [[Quest Domain]] in the {{Quest|Secret of the Scorching Desert}}.

==Steps==
# Go south onto the elevator to open the doors to the east.
# Rotate the three pillars to unlock the elevator.
#* Rotate the left pillar twice, then the middle pillar once, and finally the right pillar once.
# Activate the elevator to go down.
# Go down the stairs to the south.
#* Popup enemies at the bottom of the first staircase:{{Enemy List|Floating Dendro Fungus*4}}
# Defeat the enemies for an [[Exquisite Chest]].{{Enemy List|Floating Hydro Fungus;Floating Dendro Fungus;Grounded Hydroshroom;Winged Dendroshroom}}
# Go down the stairs and turn east into a room. A door to the east will slide open.
# Go east, then south towards a chest, but the door to the chest will close.
# Go west, then south, and finally east to get the [[Common Chest]].
# Go back to the previous room and slide open the northern door opposite the rock rubble, then go into the next room.
# Go through the western sliding door, and then the southern sliding door.
# Go into the western room and defeat the enemies.{{Enemy List|Floating Hydro Fungus;Floating Dendro Fungus;Stretchy Anemo Fungus;Stretchy Geo Fungus}}
# Go into a small northeastern room for a '''Common Chest'''. Return to the previous room.
# Activate the elevator to go up.
# Go into the western room and defeat the enemies for an '''Exquisite Chest'''.{{Enemy List|Stretchy Geo Fungus*3;Grounded Geoshroom*2}}
# Activate the elevator by interacting with the blue switch next to the door. The elevator will go down.
# Activate the elevator again, and get on the elevator as it goes up to the next floor.
# Defeat the enemies to reveal three rotating pillars to the west. The two switches on the ground will also be unlocked.{{Enemy List|Grounded Hydroshroom*2;Winged Dendroshroom*2}}
# Use the switches to turn off the left and right pillars when the pillars light up.
# Activate the elevator to go to the next zone.
# Go south until a cut scene starts.
#* There is a [[Precious Chest]] just before the exit.

==Chests== 
* Precious Chest ×1
* Exquisite Chest ×2
* Common Chest ×2

==Enemies==
*{{Enemy|Floating Hydro Fungus}}
*{{Enemy|Floating Dendro Fungus}}
*{{Enemy|Stretchy Anemo Fungus}}
*{{Enemy|Stretchy Geo Fungus}}
*{{Enemy|Grounded Hydroshroom}}
*{{Enemy|Grounded Geoshroom}}
*{{Enemy|Winged Dendroshroom}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=domain}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1 = https://youtu.be/1QQwgpe46ZI
|caption1 = Mysterious Ruins Guide (5 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mysterious Ruins
|zhs     = 神秘的遗迹
|zhs_rm  = Shénmì de Yíjì
|zht     = 神秘的遺蹟
|zht_rm  = Shénmì de Yíjī
|zh_tl   = Mysterious Ruins
|ja      = 謎の遺跡
|ja_rm   = Nazo no Iseki
|ja_tl   = Mysterious Ruins
|ko      = 신비한 유적
|ko_tl   = Mysterious Ruins
|es      = Ruinas misteriosas
|es_tl   = Mysterious Ruins
|fr      = Ruines mystérieuses
|fr_tl   = Mysterious Ruins
|ru      = Мистические руины
|ru_tl   = Mystical Ruins
|th      = โบราณสถานสุดลึกลับ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Di Tích Thần Bí
|vi_tl   =Mysterious Ruins 
|de      = Mysteriöse Ruine
|de_tl   = Mysterious Ruin
|id      = Mysterious Ruins
|pt      = Ruínas Misteriosas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gizemli Harabeler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Rovine misteriose
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}

[[ja:謎の遺跡]]