{{Item Infobox
|id          = 104013
|type        = Weapon Enhancement Materials
|invCategory = Weapons
|rarity      = 3
|effect      = [[Weapon EXP]] material. Gives 10,000 EXP.
|description = Legend has it that this refined ingot contains the memories of battles that had taken place in the land. The weapons that benefit from these memories naturally become sentient.
|source1     = [[Forging]]
|source2     = [[Random Event]] Reward
|source3     = [[Realm Depot]]
|source4     = [[Event]] Reward
|source5     = [[Parametric Transformer]]
}}
'''Mystic Enhancement Ore''' is an Enhancement Material for [[Weapons]] that provides 10,000 [[Weapon EXP]].

It is primarily obtained through [[Forging]]. It can also be obtained through other means such as the current [[Battle Pass]], [[Chests]], [[Random Event]]s, Scheduled [[Events]], [[Paimon's Bargains]], and the [[Realm Depot]].

For reference, to reach the daily 300,000 Weapon Experience forging cap, it takes 30 Mystic Enhancement Ores (120 crystal chunks) or 150 [[Fine Enhancement Ore]]s (450 [[White Iron Chunk]]s) or 750 [[Enhancement Ore]]s (1,500 [[Iron Chunk]]s), or a combination of all three.

The [[Inventory]] can only hold up to 9,999 Mystic Enhancement Ores at a time.

==Forging==
Two different recipes are available to forge Mystic Enhancement Ore.

===Limited Recipe===
The following recipe yields one Mystic Enhancement Ore and up to 5 stacks can be ordered per forge queue slot. It shares the daily 300,000 Weapon Experience forging cap with [[Enhancement Ore]] and [[Fine Enhancement Ore]].
{{Recipe
|type = Forging
|time = 3min
|Crystal Chunk = 4
|Mora = 50
|sort = Crystal Chunk,Mora
}}

There is an alternate recipe featuring [[Amethyst Lump]]:
{{Recipe
|type = Forging
|time = 3min
|Amethyst Lump = 4
|Mora = 50
|sort = Amethyst Lump,Mora
}}

===Unlimited Recipe===
The following recipe, unlocked at [[Adventure Rank]] 30, yields 6 Mystic Enhancement Ores, 50 [[Adventure EXP]], and 10 [[Companionship EXP]]. It is not included in the daily forging capacity, so this recipe can be used as long as the player has the required materials. Only one stack can be ordered per forge queue slot, but the short forging time makes this irrelevant. Unlike other recipes, this recipe is unavailable when forging in the [[Serenitea Pot]].
{{Recipe
|type = Forging
|time = 5s
|Magical Crystal Chunk = 3
|Original Resin = 10
|Mora = 100
|sort = Magical Crystal Chunk,Original Resin,Mora
|yield = 6
}}

==Battle Pass==
[[Battle Pass]]es also award a significant amount of Mystic Enhancement Ores by reaching certain levels. Players can get 96 ores from the free track (Sojourner's Battle Pass) and 288 ores from the paid track (Gnostic Chorus) for a total of 384.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center; width: 100%"
|-
!width="10%"|Lv.
!width="45%"|{{Item|Sojourner's Battle Pass|50|type=Icon}}
!width="45%"|{{Item|Gnostic Hymn|50|type=Icon}}
|-
|-
|2 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=4}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=12}}
|-
|8 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=4}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=12}}
|-
|12 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=8}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=24}}
|-
|18 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=8}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=24}}
|-
|22 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=9}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=27}}
|-
|28 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=9}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=27}}
|-
|32 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=12}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=36}}
|-
|38 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=12}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=36}}
|-
|42 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=15}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=45}}
|-
|48 || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=15}} || {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=45}}
|-
!Totals !! {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=96}} !! {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=288}}
|}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mystic Enhancement Ore
|zhs     = 精锻用魔矿
|zhs_rm  = Jīng Duàn Yòng Mó Kuàng
|zht     = 精鍛用魔礦
|zht_rm  = Jīng Duàn Yòng Mó Kuàng
|zh_tl   = Magic Mineral for Forging
|ja      = 仕上げ用魔鉱
|ja_rm   = Shiage Youmakou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Finishing Utility Magic Ore{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 정제용 마법 광물
|ko_rm   = Jeongjeyong Mabeop Gwangmul
|ko_tl   = Refining Magical Mineral
|es      = Mineral de refinamiento místico
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Minerai de renforcement mystique
|fr_tl   = Mystic Reinforcement Ore
|ru      = Волшебная руда усиления
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Mystic Enhancement Ore
|vi      = Ma Khoáng Tinh Đúc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Mystisches Verstärkungserz
|de_tl   = Mystic Reinforcement Ore
|id      = Mystic Enhancement Ore
|pt      = Minério de Refinamento Místico
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{EXP Navbox|Item Sources}}

[[es:Mineral de refinamiento místico]]
[[pt-br:Minério de Refinamento Místico]]
[[ru:Волшебная руда усиления]]
[[uk:Магічна ковальська руда]]
[[fr:Minerai de renforcement mystique]]