{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70535
|image         = Mysterious Fish? A Booming Adventure!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure
|act           = 
|actNum        = 
|part          = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Klee; Lisa; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|poi           = Knights of Favonius Headquarters
|next          = Crisis Relieved! A Happy Memento!
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure]] Event
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Mysterious Fish? A Booming Adventure!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the Knights of Favonius Library
# Go to the garden

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After a period of adventures together, [[Paimon]] had a sudden idea to take a break by reading books. Hence, the two of you set out to the [[Knights of Favonius Library|Knights of Favonius' Library]], only to unexpectedly come across two friends...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's starting to feel a little tired from all our adventuring. Is it because we're always on the road?
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon's heard that sitting down and reading a book could be a good way to unwind!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since we're not too busy at the moment, why don't we visit the Knights of Favonius's library? Maybe we'll find something simple but fun to read!

;(Approach [[Klee]] and [[Lisa]] inside the Knights of Favonius Library)
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okay, got it!
:{{Introductory Note|Klee}}
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But... fish taste best when they're freshly blasted. Grill them over a fire and they'll turn extra crispy and smell sooo good!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Don't worry, [[Jean]] has... informed me about all that a while ago.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So, I went ahead and placed some orders at [[Good Hunter]]. Over the next few days, their chefs will be preparing the best fish fresh from the lake, and cooking them right away.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Freshly cooked fish served with Klee's favorite spices and my specially prepared desserts... Hehe, I'm sure it'll be just as delicious as your catches.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okay! Then I'll trust your taste, Lisa!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I promise I'll stay in the city and play Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure! I won't go fish blasting or make any trouble for [[Albedo]]'s friend!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 05b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Anyway, I'm gonna go look for {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} [[Traveler|Honorary Knight]] and Paimon now!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, is someone looking for us?
:{{DIcon}} It's pretty rare to see you two together.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you two just made an important agreement.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 06b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Honorary Knight and Paimon!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Klee was just thinking about you, and then you appeared! How'd you do that? Oh! Did you somehow magically hear Klee's thoughts!?
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh? Little cutie and Paimon, you're here just in time. Looks like I won't have to go to the trouble of writing you a letter now.
:{{DIcon}} Klee's wishes summoned us here!
:{{DIcon}} We were brought here by the magic of pure coincidence!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We had some time on our hands and wanted to look for something to read in the library... Anyway, what's "Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure"? It sounds way more fun than reading a book!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's a new game Lisa made for me! We came up with the name together. You're amazing, Paimon! You remembered the name so quickly!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, you can design games, Lisa? Paimon thought that you were just into the books.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, I merely drew some inspiration from Shroomsplosion, a game from back when I was a student. It really didn't take too much effort.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' As long as we keep Klee happy during these unique circumstances, I'm willing to design as many games as she likes.
:{{DIcon}} Unique circumstances?
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, now that Paimon thinks about it, Klee mentioned Albedo's friend, right? Did something happen in [[Mondstadt]]?
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It's not too serious, but the situation still has to be treated with caution.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Recently, [[Anglers|fish species]] native to [[Sumeru]] have begun appearing in Cider Lake. Allowing them to spread would put the ecological balance of Mondstadt's waters at risk.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Luckily, Klee noticed some fish she'd never seen before while she snuck out to play. She caught a few and showed them to [[Kaeya]].
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If it weren't for Klee, I'm afraid most of the local species would've already receded by the time ordinary citizens fully grasp the situation.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 11.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And if a change occurs in the underwater ecosystem, it could very well affect the quality of water in [[Cider Lake]]. Consequently, the entire wine industry of Mondstadt could be in danger... and that poses a major threat to our economy.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 09.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hehe, I saved the day! I even got praised by Master Jean!
:{{DIcon}} Good job, Klee!
:{{DIcon}} Well-deserved praise, indeed!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's what happened... Good thing Klee noticed the fish before things got out of control.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 12.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The [[Knights of Favonius#Investigation|Investigation Team]] sent out a few members to inspect Cider Lake and look for the origin of the intruding species.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 13.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' To avoid disturbing these little invaders, Klee has to keep her treasured bombs away for some time.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 14.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The Investigation Team's instruments are extremely sensitive, so any explosion within a certain distance of the lake would affect their data.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 15.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Jean said that Klee would definitely get bored being cooped up inside the city all the time.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 16.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Albedo's busy making improvements to the [[Knights of Favonius#The 4th Company, Reconnaissance|Reconnaissance Company]]'s experimental equipment, while Kaeya just left for a business trip. So, the task of looking after her fell on my shoulders...
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo zdeq001b 2 klee 10b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But I'm not bored anymore, because Lisa invented Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure! {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Honorary Knight and Paimon, let's play together!
:{{DIcon}} Count us in!
:{{DIcon}} We'll play until sundown!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 17.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Alright, the game table is right over there in the garden. The orders I've placed at Good Hunter will also be delivered there.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 18.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Please enjoy yourselves! It's not every day that you get to play games with Klee, surrounded by the scent of flowers on the breeze, with delicious food delivered right to you~
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait Lisa, are you not coming with us?
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 19.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Don't you think it'd be a little unfair if the game's creator joined in? I don't want to spoil the fun.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 20.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Besides, as the librarian, I still have my basic responsibilities to take care of.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That just sounds like another excuse for staying indoors...
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 lisa 21.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Run along now, have fun playing with Klee!
:{{DIcon}} We'll take good care of Klee!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, Lisa!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then, we'll catch you later, Lisa!

;(Approach the game table)
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 3 klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo zdeq001b 3 klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' We're here, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Honorary Knight! This is where we'll play Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Lisa really picked a good spot! Paimon loves it here already.
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, teach us how to play, Klee!
:{{DIcon}} Dodo-Adventures!
:{{DIcon}} Kaboooom!
:{{A|vo zdeq001b 3 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hehe! Yeah, let's play!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Mysterious Fish? A Booming Adventure!
|zhs     = 神秘鱼鱼？轰轰奇遇！
|zhs_rm  = Shénmì Yúyú? Hōnghōng Qíyù!
|zht     = 神秘魚魚？轟轟奇遇！
|zht_rm  = Shénmì Yúyú? Hōnghōng Qíyù!
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 謎の魚？ドッカンアドベンチャー！
|ja_rm   = Nazo no Sakana? Dokkan Adobenchaa!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 신기한 물고기? 쾅쾅 모험!
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¿Un pez misterioso? ¡Dodoaventuras!
|es_tl   = A Mysterious Fish? Dodoadventures!
|fr      = Poisson mystérieux et aventure pétaradante
|fr_tl   = Mysterious Fish and Booming Adventure
|ru      = Таинственные рыбины? Бомбические приключения!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ปลาลึกลับ? การพบกันโดยบังเอิญที่ตู้มต้าม!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cá Bí Ẩn? Chuyến Phiêu Lưu Bùng Nổ!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geheimnisvolle Fische? Explodierende Wunder!
|de_tl   = Mysterious Fish? Exploding Miracles!
|id      = Ikan Misterius? Petualangan Bombastis!
|id_tl   = Mysterious Fish? A Bombastic Adventure!
|pt      = Peixe Misterioso? Uma Aventura Explosiva!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gizemli Balıklar mı? Bombastik Bir Macera!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un pesce misterioso? Un'avventura esplosiva!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Peixe Misterioso? Uma Aventura Explosiva!]]
[[ru:Таинственные рыбины? Бомбические приключения!]]