{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Mystic's Gold Dial.png
|set   = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A golden disc shaped like a sun. The draconic patterns on it seem to symbolize the cycle of life and death.}}
'''Mystic's Gold Dial''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]].

==Description==
Ordinarily speaking, mystics born in the [[Masters of the Night-Wind|canyon of night smoke]] would have to train for decades to grasp the techniques needed to communicate with the [[Wayob]].<br><!--
-->But in [[Cataclysm|this most chaotic of times]], even the freshest-faced disciple had to take to the battlefield, guiding the heroic spirits of the fallen home.<br><!--
-->This lovely golden disc, lost within the [[Ochkanatlan|ancient city]], once belonged to an equally beautiful little mystic, and the needle upon it always points home.<br><br><!--
-->When [[Abyss|the black tide]] darkened the sun and enveloped the land, the [[Night Kingdom]] was also occupied by [[Riftwolf|the vicious hounds of the beast-rifts]], and their dark blood was smeared everywhere.<br><!--
-->The voices of the ancient Wayob were drowned amidst the sonorous sea of metal and stone clashing and the wailing of tormented life, nigh forgotten by all.<br><!--
-->But the tribal shamans knew that for warriors devoured by the [[Tenebrous Mimiflora|dark shadows]], even death was a luxury,<br><!--
-->And even should their valiant spirits escape the clutches of evil, they would often lose their way in the [[Night Kingdom|night realms]], finally becoming unable to return home.<br><!--
-->To maintain the staying power of the tribes in battle and to reclaim their lost kin, one group of mystics after the next departed the canyon,<br><!--
-->And they could be seen fighting everywhere, whether it was a corpse-strewn battlefield, or amidst ruins filled with devastation.<br><br><!--
-->For the young mystic named [[Liriwu]], this was her first time embarking on such a long and arduous journey.<br><!--
-->The team of adventurers whose goal was to reach [[Legendary Tonatiuh|the city above the clouds]] were battle-hardened veterans one and all, save for her.<br><!--
-->Although she had been most earnest in her desire to join, the creatures lurking in the city still far exceeded her imagination.<br><!--
-->Her companions had long anticipated this, and so they left her behind in a [[Vucub Caquix Tower|safe tower]] before departing quietly,<br><!--
-->When the girl who had fled in the face of danger finally made it to their encampment, all that awaited were shattered corpses, the remains of the dragon's hearty meal.<br><br><!--
-->As a mystic, not only had she failed to rescue her allies, but she could not [[Ode of Resurrection|bring their souls back]], either.<br><!--
-->But if nothing else, she had to bring tales of their end back to their families who yet awaited their return.<br><!--
-->"I remember now... [[Taika|our leader]] said that he had [[Bona|a child]], so... Come on, Liriwu, pull yourself together..."<br><!--
-->Carrying new hope in her heart, she set out on another path &mdash; upon a homeward road for all.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Mystic's Gold Dial
|zhs      = 秘术家的金盘
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 秘術家的金盤
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 秘術家の金皿
|ja_rm    = Hijutsuka no Kinbei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 비술사의 금 원반
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Reloj de Sol Dorado de la Mistagoga
|es_tl    = Mystagogue's Golden Sundial
|fr       = Cadran d'or de la mystique
|fr_tl    = Mystic's Gold Dial
|ru       = Золотые часы мистика
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Mystic's Gold Dial
|vi       = Đĩa Vàng Của Bí Thuật Gia
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Goldscheibe der Okkultistin
|de_tl    = Occultist's Gold Dial
|id       = Mystic's Gold Dial
|pt       = Prato Dourado do Místico
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Mistiğin Altın Saati
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Meridiana d'oro mistica
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City}}

[[fr:Cadran d'or de la mystique]]
[[ja:秘術家の金皿]]
[[uk:Містичний золотий диск]]
[[vi:Đĩa Vàng Của Bí Thuật Gia]]
[[zh:秘術家的金盤]]