{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
}}
'''Mystic Arts''' encompasses various forms of magic, rituals, or otherwise supernatural abilities practiced in the continent of [[Teyvat]].

==Mondstadt==
===Alchemy===
{{Main|Alchemy}}
[[Alchemy]] is openly practiced in [[Mondstadt]]. Because of this, various sub-categories of alchemy exist. Although [[Liyue]]'s [[adepti]] also practice their own form of alchemy, their techniques are a closely-guarded secret, and most people are unaware of its existence.

====Bio-Alchemy====
Bio-Alchemy focuses on the modification, or transformation, of existing life. Its only known practitioner is [[Sucrose]], although it is likely she learned it from [[Albedo]].

====Art of Khemia====
{{main|Art of Khemia}}
The Art of Khemia is an ancient, powerful form of alchemy developed in [[Khaenri'ah]]. Its most notable ability is the creation of life; although it was originally used to allow plant life to grow despite the lack of natural sunlight in Khaenri'ah, it would later become advanced enough to allow for the creation of much more complex beings. Its practice would later backfire on them, however, and contribute to their downfall during the [[cataclysm]].

[[Albedo]] learned the Art of Khemia from his master, [[Rhinedottir]], and brought his practice with him to Mondstadt, hoping to use it to discover "the truth of this world".<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Rumored Alchemist}}</ref> [[Sucrose]] and [[Timaeus]] are his assistants.

Besides the ability to create synthetic lifeforms, the Art of Khemia can also be used to produce rather ordinary objects such as chairs, replacing the manufacturing process in order to obtain a finished product.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Shadows Deepen}}</ref>

===Astrology===
Astrology (or 'astromancy') is the art of inferring fate from the patterns and movements of celestial bodies. It is based on the belief that the stars of Teyvat record the destinies of all its inhabitants. [[Vision]] bearers' destinies, in particular, are thought to be linked to specific [[constellation]]s. The fate of those who originate from outside Teyvat (such as the [[Traveler]]) cannot be read in this manner.<ref name="Mona">{{Ref/VO|Mona}}</ref>

Performing an astrological reading can tamper with fate in certain ways. It is said that, as an astrologist, reading your own fortune can cause fate to "turn in on itself," and offering advice to the subject of a reading can risk entangling your fate with theirs.<ref name="Mona" />

As with other forms of divination, astrology is a well-established art that has existed for thousands of years. Current practitioners include [[Barbeloth]] and her successor, [[Mona]].

====Hydromancy====
Hydromancy is a subclass of astrology practiced by Barbeloth (its implied creator) and Mona. It involves reading the inverted reflection of the stars on the water's surface. The quality of the water can affect the accuracy of the results; according to Mona, the optimal medium is "the pure waters of melted snow."<ref name="Mona" />

====Pyromancy====
Pyromancy is, presumably, a form of divination that involves fire. It may be related to the Primal Fire, [[Phlogiston]].<ref>Interactable: [[Orthant of Wishes#Someone's Diary|Someone's Diary]]</ref>

==Liyue==
===Adeptus Arts===
The Adeptus Arts are techniques primarily practiced by the [[adepti]], which were taught to them by [[Morax|Rex Lapis]].<ref name="TeapotI">{{Ref/Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part I}}</ref> Besides the ability to naturally control the elements, the adepti are able to use their adeptal power for various purposes.

====Alchemy====
{{Lang|Alchemy|zh=丹鼎|zh_rm=Dāndǐng|zh_lit=Refinement of medical substances}} is used by the adepti to create [[elixirs]]. However, the power contained within these elixirs is lethal to those who are not adepti.<ref name="MVME">{{Ref/Item|Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir}}</ref> They are known to give weapons transcendent powers.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Mist Veiled Gold Elixir}}</ref>

====Dream Trawler====
Also referred to as the "giving and receiving of dreams." Allows the user to enter another person's dream, or grant others a dream of the user's design.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Purging of Evil}}</ref> Known practitioners include [[Rex Lapis]] and [[Xiao]].

====Mortal Lingering====
Allows the user to temporarily take on a physical human form, even after the death of their original body.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Insights of Drifting Dreams}}</ref> Used by [[Pervases]].

====Nuo Dance of Evil Conquering====
Only known to be utilized by [[yaksha]]s. Utilizes the power of the yaksha mask to imbue its wearer with enough strength to subdue a god's might, but inflicts great suffering on its wearer in exchange.

====Sigils====
{{Lang|Sigils|zh=符箓|zh_rm=Fúlù}} are able to store adeptal power.<ref name="MVME" /> They typically take the form of paper talismans. The talismans attached to [[Qiqi]]'s clothes are one such example; without them, the adeptal power within her body would cause her to go berserk.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|5}}</ref>

Another variation are the {{Lang|Sigils of Permission|zh=百无禁忌箓|zh_rm=Bǎiwújìnjì Lù|zh_tl=Talisman of Nonrestriction}} created by [[Morax|Rex Lapis]]. These allowed mortals to channel adeptal power, and [[Starsnatcher]] was capable of using one to exorcise evil spirits.

By conducting research on Sigils of Permission, the [[Fatui]] successfully managed to duplicate them. [[Tartaglia]] was able to use the power of many of them alongside his powers as a Harbinger to reawaken [[Osial]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Heart of Glaze}}</ref>

====Sub-Space Creation====
{{Main|Sub-Space Creation}}
{{Lang|Sub-Space Creation|zh=外景|zh_rm=Wàijǐng|zh_lit=Outdoor Scene}} is ability to create a small pocket dimension, typically for the purpose of creating an abode for the adeptus to reside in. Examples of such creations include Madame Ping's [[Inside the Teapot|teapot]] and the [[Serenitea Pot]]. Sub-Space Creation is considered to be inferior to Rex Lapis' ability to literally move mountains and seas.<ref name="TeapotI" />

The adepti are also capable of creating Teapot Spirits to serve as "butlers" for their abodes, guarding them and managing their affairs.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part II}}</ref> These spirits are also given adeptus names.

===Art of Homa===
The Art of Homa is a secret technique used to purify the border between life and death and burn away any [[fetor]] that leaks into the world of the living. Practitioners use Homa Altars and the [[Staff of Homa]] to purify fetor. According to [[Hu Tao]], performing the Art of Homa requires great focus and a lack of hesitation in the face of death; failing to perform the ritual correctly can shorten one's lifespan or even result in instant death, depending on how much fetor one is exposed to.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Funeral Parlor Has No Master, Yujing Terrace Calls the Troops}}</ref>

This technique was first utilized by the Lone Butterfly of the Crimson Flame, one of the [[Eight Adepts]] and one of the Three Beasts of [[Tao Dou]]. After she sacrificed herself for the [[Seven-and-Eight-Gates Method]] that was used to purify Tao Dou, fellow Eight Adepts member Wuwang Kid honored her memory by passing down her techniques to the founders of the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]], whose directors have continued the practice ever since.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity}}</ref>

===Exorcism===
{{Main|Exorcist}}
Little is currently known about the practice of exorcism in Liyue beyond the fact that its practitioners supposedly drive away demons. Based on [[Chongyun]]'s techniques and idle animations, exorcist arts are derived from the adepti arts.

===Fantastic Compass===
{{Main|Fantastic Compass}}
A catalyst created by the adeptus [[Sea Gazer]] to seal away monsters. When activated by an adeptus and a mortal in unison, it is said that "one can move the heavens and shake the earth".<ref>{{Ref/Quest|At Tunnel's End, Light}}</ref> It is known to have been used by the following:
* Sea Gazer and an unnamed thaumaturge<ref>Video description of [https://youtu.be/C24nvloZZhE Perilous Trail Event Cutscene Animation: "Moment of Life or Death" | Genshin Impact]</ref>
* [[Bosacius]] and [[Boyang]]
* [[Yanfei]] (activated briefly; half-adeptus)
* [[Xiao]] and [[Yelan]]

===Parametric Transformer===
{{Main|Parametric Transformer}}
This mysterious device, powered by elemental energy, is capable of taking items and "transmuting" them into different items. Little is known about how it works or where it came from besides the fact that it was found in the [[Dunyu Ruins]].

===Qimen Arts===
The Qimen arts, also known as Qimen Divination, were originated by [[Eight Adepts|Wind Reader]], an ancestor of the Twelve Tribes of [[Chenyu Vale]]. The term encompasses a range of techniques, including Pentad Fortune Conveyance, Fate Transference, fortune-telling, illusion-making, and methods for warding off evil.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Funeral Parlor Has No Master, Yujing Terrace Calls the Troops}}</ref>

The Qimen arts have been practiced by the Lan Clan of Chenyu Vale for generations. One art involves the use of rattan figures; this variant is [[Lan Yan]]'s specialty.

==Inazuma==
===Bake-danuki Magic===
The [[Bake-Danuki|bake-danuki]] of Inazuma are tanuki that possess knowledge of mystical arts, and are especially known for their ability to transform into humans and other objects.<ref>{{Ref/Wildlife|Bake-Danuki}}</ref>

The bake-danuki [[Kichiboushi]] demonstrated a trick he calls {{Lang|"Eight tatami Kapow"|ja=八畳ぽんぽこ|ja_tl=Eight tatami Ponpoko}}, whereby he created an "airbag" that allowed him to float using the chilling winds of Dragonspine.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas: Snowswept Fairytale}}</ref>

===Kitsune Magic===
Like bake-danuki, the [[kitsune]] of the past were also said to possess magical abilities such as shapeshifting.<ref>{{Ref/Book|New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune}}</ref> With the passing of the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] however, Sky and Earth Kitsune were transformed into dormant stone statues, and the kitsune race as a whole were deprived of their mystical power.<ref>{{Ref/Wildlife|Kitsune}}</ref>

[[Yae Miko]], a Sky Kitsune of [[Hakushin Clan|Hakushin]] lineage, remains masterful in mystical arts. While she normally takes on a human-like appearance (save for fox ears), she is known to possess her own fox form that is very rarely seen.  In the quest [[A Centuries-Long Dream]], Miko demonstrates one of her kitsune spells: a summoning ritual that used the [[Traveler]] as a host to be possessed by the spirit of a fellow kitsune named [[Urakusai]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=A Centuries-Long Dream}}</ref> She is also able to call forth yakan kitsune spirits with her [[Spiritfox Sin-Eater|Normal Attack]] and [[Yakan Evocation: Sesshou Sakura|Elemental Skill]] Talents, which are implied to be shikigami summoned by onmyoudou.

===Onmyoudou===
{{Lang|Onmyoudou|ja=陰陽道|ja_tl=The Way of Yin and Yang}} is the name of the Kamuna art created by [[Kamuna Harunosuke]] during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago. It was the result of Harunosuke combining techniques of the [[Liyue]] [[adepti]] arts with the "art of transcension",<ref name="Obsessions">{{Ref/Quest|Away With Obsessions and Falsehood}}</ref> which he learned while training under the [[Yougou Tengu]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail}}</ref><ref name="EchoesOfExtintion">Event [[Labyrinth Warriors]], Stage 4: [[Labyrinth Warriors/The Echoes of Extinction|The Echoes of Extinction]]</ref>

For the most part, the art of onmyoudou has been lost to time, although not completely. A legend from Inazuma says that there are magical shikigami that can follow their masters around and that they can even be used to banish evil, among other things.<ref name="LWQ1">{{Ref/Quest|A Tricky Situation}}</ref> Additionally, the [[Kairagi]], former samurai, are capable of using shikifuda to infuse their swords with elemental energy without the need of a [[Vision]].<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Kairagi: Dancing Thunder}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Kairagi: Fiery Might}}</ref>

====Shikigami and Shikifuda====
The art of onmyoudou primarily involves the use of charm magic via shikigami and shikifuda. Shikigami are paper cut-outs that are embued with magical powers; examples include [[Shiki Taishou]] and his many replicas, such as [[Shiki Koshou]]. Originally, samurai would combine the shikigami's charm magic with their own martial prowess to fight off monsters.<ref name="Obsessions" /> Shikifuda are paper seals, and they could be used during combat, similar to shikigami. These focus mainly on elemental powers.

====Mystic Onmyou Chamber====
The [[Mystic Onmyou Chamber]] was created by Harunosuke using onmyoudou. A complex [[Domain]] with many rooms that are capable of rearranging themselves,<ref name="LWQ1" /> where it originally served as a training ground for samurai who wanted to protect [[Inazuma]] from the evil forces of the cataclysm. Shikigami were used to create training targets in the form of mirror monsters. However, the Domain was eventually abandoned.<ref name="Obsessions" />

====Ubiquity Net====
The [[Ubiquity Net]] and the [[Omni-Ubiquity Net]] were created using Kamuna Onmyoudou, and are used to capture small animals.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/sgAvJlOL0Gg Version 2.3 Special Program]</ref><ref name="Bantan">{{Ref/Quest|Bantan Sango Case File: Mystery of the Black Shadow}}</ref> The standard Ubiquity Net, which was designed by [[Sango]] and constructed by [[Wakamurasaki]], was used by the Traveler to retrieve missing animals during a [[Bantan Sango Case Files: The Warrior Dog|Bantan Sango investigation]].<ref name="Bantan" /> The Omni-Ubiquity Net is Wakamurasaki's enhanced modification of the original net, which is able to detain the essence of living creatures and recreate them using the Serenitea Pot or other suitable media.<ref name="NetQuest">{{Ref/Quest|Omni-Ubiquity Net (Quest)}}</ref> The Ubiquity Net was originally designed to be used by [[Ryuuji]], with the goal of being able to capture criminals and thus recreate their human essences, but neither of the two nets have any effect on humans.<ref name="Bantan" /><ref name="NetQuest" /><ref>{{Ref/Loading|Others|Omni-Ubiquity Net}}</ref>

===Tengu Arts===
Among the [[tengu]] arts is the art of transcension, which is notable for being used in the creation of onmyoudou.<ref name="Obsessions" /><ref name="EchoesOfExtintion" /> Tengu warriors such as [[Kujou Sara]] are known to wield feather fans, which can possess various magical effects.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Red Feather Fan}}</ref>

==Sumeru==
===Akasha===
{{Main|Akasha System}}A [[Gnosis]]-powered knowledge system created by the former Dendro Archon, [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], and further developed by the [[Sumeru Akademiya]]. The Akasha can be interfaced using an Akasha Terminal, which grants the user any knowledge they desire; the Greater Lord's successor, [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]], refers to herself as "The First Akasha Terminal."<ref name="DawnQuest">{{Ref/Quest|Dawn (Quest)}}</ref> Akasha Terminals can also function without connecting to the Akasha by accessing information stored as "Canned Knowledge" in Knowledge Capsules.

===Alchemy===
Alchemy is one of the fields of study at the Akademiya's [[Spantamad|Spantamad Darshan]], which specializes in disciplines relating to the Ley Lines and the elements. Some members of the [[Amurta|Amurta Darshan]] are also knowledgeable in potion crafting.<ref name="Fayz">{{Ref/Quest|Thesis Proposal: He Shall not Pass}}</ref>

====Alchemical Divination====
A kind of divination being studied by [[Kimiya]] of Spantamad. According to him, the craft is said to have been invented by Lesser Lord Kusanali, and is based on the interpretation of the remnant ashes precipitated from a failed, random transmutation; which he likens to divining coffee grounds or leftover tea leaves. An example of a divination result is "the Moon", which signifies "illusions and lies."<ref name="Coming of Sabzeruz">{{Ref/Quest|The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival}}</ref>

====Remelting Effect ====
{{Main|Tablet Analytics}}
An alchemical process invented by the Spantamad alchemist [[Hajanad]], which involves a type of explosive potion called "Remelting Tablets" that can provide support in battle. The effect is comparable to that of the [[A Study in Potions|Smoldersleet Elixir]] which originated in Liyue.<ref name="Tablet Analytics">{{Ref/Quest|The Cliffside Weirdo and a Risky Study?}}</ref>

===Ararakalari===
"Ararakalari" are special abilities possessed by the [[Aranara]] that are drawn from their memories, which they gain the power to use from plants of the forest.<ref name="Varuna Gatha">{{Ref/Quest|Varuna Gatha (Quest)}}</ref><ref name="FABR">{{Ref/Quest|For A Better Reunion}}</ref> According to [[Arama]], these powers originate from the "Mahamaitri Kusa Stotra," a song of the Aranara that praises [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|Queen Aranyani]], humans, and their own species.<ref name="FTCOTP">{{Ref/Quest|For the Children of the Past}}</ref>

Each Aranara has its own unique Ararakalari, which can vary in strength. Powerful Ararakalari can be used to directly attack enemies, teleport, or even protect against the corrosive effects of [[The Withering]],<ref name="Lost Child">{{Ref/Quest|The Lost Child}}</ref> however, each use will consume some of an Aranara's memories as fuel.<ref name="FTCOTP" />

An Aranara's Ararakalari can gain new abilities when they obtain new memories, whether their own or someone else's. For example, [[Aramuhukunda]]'s Ararakalari gained the ability to counter The Withering after witnessing [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|Queen Aranyani]] do so,<ref name="FTCOTP" /> and [[Arama]] obtained Aramuhukunda's teleportation ability by receiving his memories.<ref name="FACWLFL">{{Ref/Quest|For All Children Who Long for Life}}</ref>

Channelling Ararakalari through a [["Kusava"|Kusava]] seed makes the power stronger. The Kusava can also allow humans (e.g., the [[Traveler]]) to temporarily use Ararakalari.<ref name="Starry Night">{{Ref/Quest|Starry Night Chapter}}</ref>

===Eremite Spirits of Omen===
{{Main|Spirit of Omen}}
Certain members of the [[Eremites]], namely the [[Eremite Stone Enchanter|Stone Enchanters]] and [[Eremite Galehunter|Galehunters]], are capable of summoning spirits sealed within their weapons to fight alongside them; these spirits are the [[Spirit of Omen: Stone Drake]] and [[Spirit of Omen: Wind Glede]], respectively.

===Wisdom Orb===
{{Main|Wisdom Orb}}
The Wisdom Orb is a [[Fungus]]-capturing device invented by the [[Amurta]] researcher [[Kautilya]] for use in the [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament]], in which contestants battle each other using Fungi they have captured and tamed with the device. Kautilya claims that the Wisdom Orbs make use of his Darshan's "Intellectual Boost" technology, which suppresses a Fungus' aggressive nature to make it docile to its tamer.<ref name="FungusFrenzy1">{{Ref/Quest|The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?}}</ref> The Intellectual Boost also makes Fungi unnaturally strong, with the excessive elemental energy even posing a health hazard to those with sensitive constitutions such as [[Layla]].

It was later uncovered that the Orbs, along with the [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy/Coruscating Potential|Floral Jelly]] used to cultivate Fungi, were repurposed from an experimental "Capturing Device" and a "Withering Potion" that were developed by Kautilya's predecessors in years past, during the time of [[Haniyyah]]'s ancestors.<ref name="FungusFrenzy4">{{Ref/Quest|Unfathomable Defenses}}</ref> The Withering Potion was concocted with the aim of calming the hostile wild Fungi, but due to a miscalculation by the Amurta researchers, the Potion's effects instead made them go berserk; leading to a horrific accident. To control the threat, a Capturing Device was created to contain the crazed Fungi.

During the climactic Ultimate Trial of the Nilotpala Cup in the present-day, the event's sponsor and undercover [[Fatui|Fatuus]] [[Elchingen]] revealed that Kautilya had planted a secret "backdoor command" into the Wisdom Orbs; which caused Layla's [[Twirly-Whirly]], Yae Miko's [[Blitzara]] and Haniyyah's [[Kindlejoy]] (then named "Pyro-1") to answer him instead. This command would have allowed Elchingen to assemble an army of Fungi kidnapped from their tamers in order to wreak havoc; however this was thwarted by the Traveler, whose ace Fungus [[Bongo-Head]] had shown an unwavering obedience to its original owner. Miko states that this was possible because the Wisdom Orb was only able to suppress some of the Fungi's basic instincts, "allowing them to communicate with their owner as effectively as any other animal."<ref name="FungusFrenzy5">{{Ref/Quest|The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!}}</ref>

As the tournament came to a close, it was announced by [[Paimon]] that the Wisdom Orb's underlying issues would be resolved with cooperation from the Akademiya. In a [[Cyno's Missive|report]] from an investigation by the [[matra]] and the [[Corps of Thirty]] into the organizers of the event, the mercenary [[Sido]] notes similarities between these prototypes and the [[Mystic Arts in Teyvat#Ubiquity Net|Omni-Ubiquity Net]], a device from Inazuma that uses a similar animal-catching mechanism, which originated from the Adeptus Arts of Liyue.<ref name="FungusFrenzy5" />

==See Also==
*[[Martial Arts in Teyvat]]

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[es:Artes místicas de Teyvat]]
[[ja:テイワットの神秘術]]
[[vi:Huyền Học Ở Teyvat]]