{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Myths of the Night Realm.png
|set   = Obsidian Codex
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A mysterious ritual element that is neither a timepiece nor a compass. Nowadays, no one has any idea what it is used for.}}
'''Myths of the Night Realm''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Obsidian Codex]].

==Description==
In the years when ancient humans dammed up the [[Abyss|black tide]] with their very bodies, in the days when [[The Upper Sanctum|floating land]] and [[Night Kingdom|eternal night]] still walked separate roads,<br><!--
-->Many stories transpired that were never recorded or eulogized in any human history.<br><br><!--
-->All know that brave and wise [[Chaac]] took the [[Phlogiston|ever-bright kindling]] from the hands of the [[Kukulkan|Sage of the Stolen Flame]],<br><!--
-->And that he shared this kindling with his fellow tribespeople, passing the secret of fire on to all who came forth to study it.<br><!--
-->Bidding farewell to long years of chaos and ignorance, the new sprouts of [[Natlan|civilization]] sprung up once more from untamed wilderness,<br><!--
-->But within their massive walls, the winged ones who lorded it over all had yet to realize that the wheel of fate had begun to turn.<br><br><!--
-->Legend holds that the great Sage who dwelled in the stillness of the floating land knew the answer to all questions in the mortal world,<br><!--
-->But that even he had no answer to two matters: the end of the living, and the homeward path of the dead.<br><!--
-->Perhaps it was that the gods of the [[Night Kingdom|night realm]] ruled over the underworld, for they were great foes of the Sage in ancient days,<br><!--
-->Or perhaps his long-considered plan would crumble should the everlasting flame reconnect with the [[Ley Line|roots]] of the earth.<br><br><!--
-->Having mastered the majestic primal fire, fearless Chaac and his companions at last defeated that raging, wicked dragon, and founded the first tribe.<br><!--
-->And yet even ancient heroes could not defy the [[Erosion|verdict]] passed by time, for it is eternal, and so one by one, his companions bade him farewell.<br><!--
-->At last, only Chaac was left, a veteran of countless battles. His tribe had scattered, and none now sang of his saga.<br><!--
-->Only in the deepest nights could he hear that call from a faraway realm, as if to reignite the fading flame in his heart.<br><!--
-->On the last night of his life, he climbed a high mountain to ignite the first flame. He called out, hoping to reunite with his former companions.<br><!--
-->And the [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|god of the night realm]] responded. That night, people throughout the land seemed to hear voices from another world,<br><!--
-->Like a mother's clear song, like the low whispers of old friends &mdash; the birth-cry of the first [[Wayob]] of the [[Night Kingdom]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Myths of the Night Realm
|zhs      = 夜域的迷思
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 夜域的迷思
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 夜域の神話
|ja_rm    = Yaiki no Shinwa{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 밤 영역의 신화
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Mito del Reino de la Noche
|es_tl    = Myth of the Night Kingdom
|fr       = Mythes du domaine nocturne
|fr_tl    = Myths of the Night Domain
|ru       = Мифы владений ночи
|ru_tl    = Myths of the Night Domain
|th       = Myths of the Night Realm
|vi       = Thần Thoại Của {{tt|Dạ Vực|夜域}}
|vi_tl    = Myth of the Night Chasm
|de       = Mythen aus dem Reich der Nacht
|de_tl    = Myths of the Night's Realm
|id       = Myths of the Night Realm
|pt       = Mitos do Reino da Noite
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gece Diyarının Mitleri
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Miti del Reame notturno
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Obsidian Codex}}

[[fr:Mythes du domaine nocturne]]
[[ja:夜域の神話]]
[[th:Myths of the Night Realm]]
[[uk:Міфи Нічного Царства]]
[[vi:Thần Thoại Của Dạ Vực]]
[[zh:夜域的迷思]]