{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Nahida
|id             = 368158
|image          = Character Nahida Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Nahida''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Analogy...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Broaden horizons...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Dream...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Knowledge...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Observation...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'm here...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} New stories...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo nahida mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm here, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo nahida mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Do you have a new story for me? I'll trade you some [[Candied Ajilenakh Nut]]s &mdash; I made them myself.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I think the answer to that should be pretty obvious.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You should be able to tell from just one look, like when you peer into a crystal-clear lake and you can see all the fish swimming around inside of it.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's very pleasant here. Even the wind brushing against my toes feels soft and gentle. So of course, I love it.
::{{DIcon}} Glad to hear it.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As much as a little bird might love exploring the forests and mountains, tasting new and different fruits every day...
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...After a long flight, it still needs a place to land and rest its weary wings.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So I'm glad that I can roost here in your nest for a while.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Also, it's much more spacious here than a birdcage.
::{{DIcon}} Stay as long as you like, Nahida.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Thank you for being so kind. I know that you mean it, and I'll make the most of my stay here.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Sure, but instead of diving into story time, let's talk about what's troubling you.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm sure you're wondering how I knew.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Well, your troubles are written on your face, silly! I'm always observing you, you know.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You look as miserable as a [[Lavender Melon]] that's been struck by lightning.
::{{DIcon}} I feel like nothing's been going my way lately...
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Don't lose heart. Sometimes you might feel like you're the unluckiest person in the world, but for all you know, it could also just be an unfortunate situation.
::{{DIcon}} What's the difference?
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 06a.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Well, to use an analogy... Let's say a [[Rishboland Tiger]] ate a fox and got the runs.
::{{DIcon}} Can you whip out one of your analogies?
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 06b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm... Well, let's say a Rishboland Tiger ate a fox and got diarrhea.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You can't know for sure whether the diarrhea was caused by eating the fox or by something inside the fox's stomach. Does that make sense?
::{{DIcon}} Barely.
::{{DIcon}} I get it.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If Rishboland Tigers stopped eating foxes out of fear of diarrhea, they would have become extinct a long time ago.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As long as the Rishboland Tiger keeps eating foxes, and as long as we keep living our lives, we'll experience all kinds of different situations. Fortunate, unfortunate, and everything in between.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There, there. You're doing great. Have a headpat.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' May I start with a question, (Traveler)? Do you really enjoy collecting things?
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Sometimes you remind me of a [[Sumpter Beast]], plodding along with a big pack full of materials and supplies.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm quite curious. You already have more than enough resources to last a lifetime, so why do you keep bringing everything with you?
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And why do you still collect even more during your travels?
::{{DIcon}} You're right. It's because I enjoy it.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Mm, yes, I thought so. Okay, that makes sense.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' People do sometimes act irrationally for the sake of pursuing their interests.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Just like the [[Forest Boar]] that fell in love with a [[Shroom-Kin]]. It changed its own form just to ensure the Shroom-Kin's survival.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In the end, they were eaten together as a delicacy... Um, but that's besides the point.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I don't feel one way or another about collecting, but since it's something you enjoy, I'd like to join in and see what it's like.
::{{DIcon}} I'd say it's more of a habit than a hobby.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' A habit? Oh, I see.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So what about forging weapons, cooking, and making [[Condensed Resin]]? They're useful behaviors that benefit you. Is that why they've turned into habits as well?
:::{{DIcon}} That sounds about right.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So what about... making lots of friends, helping them solve their problems, and reading their letters from front to back? Are those habits, too?
:::{{DIcon}} Well, not exactly...
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Don't worry, I'm not trying to pry, and I wouldn't let something like that affect what I think of you.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I know there are definitely good reasons for your behavior. I'm only asking out of curiosity.
:::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 6.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Since you are also driven by emotions, maybe you can understand my thoughts right now.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I want to travel across this vast land with you, experience everything you enjoy, and do all the things you do.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Will you indulge my curiosity... and will you accept my request?
::{{DIcon}} Of course I will.
::{{DIcon}} It's a promise.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Then let's face the sun and pick the first [[Mint]] we find.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Nahida.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Today's sunrise is the same splendid color as the breast feathers of a [[Dusk Bird]].
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm really curious to find out what the first thing you'll do today is.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Nahida.
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Why don't you take a final trip to the bathroom before bed?
::{{A|vo nahida mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It'll improve the quality of your sleep. Seems like very helpful advice, so are you gonna take it?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===A Farewell Brief to Bustle and Bother===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nahida bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's peaceful here, like... a leaf floating in the middle of a perfectly still pond...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nahida bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Let me be a little firefly taking a rest on that leaf. When night falls, all the stars in the sky will adorn your dreams.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nahida bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I hope you have sweet dreams tonight.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Amidst Scents and Serenity===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nahida garden 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I see, so you've combined all your favorite sights from your travels into one.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nahida garden 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Like picking all your favorite candies out from a huge pile, and building your dream house with them.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nahida garden 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Um, do you mind if I come in from the chimney, just to take a look?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Нахида/Компаньон]]