{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest Nahuatzin's Leap.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Path to the Flaming Peaks
|part          = 1
|requirement   = <!-- Technically doesn't require completion of "The Way Into the Mountain" or use of the Spiritway; I just climbed up to the Teleport Waypoint and it triggered... edge case though -->
|characters    = Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [["Collective of Plenty"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Atocpan
|subarea       = Skyfire Circlet
|prev          = The Way Into the Mountain
|next          = The Frozen, Rekindling Land
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Primogem*40;Mora*30000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Nahuatzin's Leap''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Path to the Flaming Peaks}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Skyfire Circlet]]
# Go to the top of the Skyfire Circlet
# Leap into the crater

==Gameplay Notes==
* The previous quest, ''[[The Way Into the Mountain]]'', can be done without starting ''Nahuatzin's Leap''. Upon completion of ''Nahuatzin's Leap'', ''The Way Into the Mountain'' can no longer be started.{{Verify|What if The Way Into the Mountain was already started?}}
* Using the provided Spiritway to reach the Skyfire Circlet is optional.
* This quest can automatically start if the player reaches a certain height while ascending the volcano.
* Despite what the dialogue suggests, any character can complete step 3; negating Gaseous Phlogiston's HP loss is not necessary. The ability to enter the [[Ancient Sacred Mountain]] map depends solely on the player's progression of this quest.
* The [[Iridescent Inscription]]s along the way are not related to this quest &mdash; touching them is not required to complete it.
* It is possible to accept the previous quest, ''The Way Into the Mountain'', while this quest is still active.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for conditional dialogue.<!-- 
Current dialogue is for: 
- Natlan Act V completed.
- Both major little one quests completed.
- All tribal chronicles completed.
--><br>Add talk-again lines.}}
{{Quest Description|Find a way to enter the volcano....}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(While riding the [[Spiritway]])
:'''Paimon:''' The volcano's huge... Paimon wonders what it's like inside?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. Won't it be full of [[liquid Phlogiston]]?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawrgh...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry about it! When we get there, Paimon can carry you...
:'''Paimon:''' But... you've been eating a lot lately, so you might've put on weight...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Arawr! Aroawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon didn't mean it in a bad way!

;(Land on the Skyfire Circlet)
:{{Black Screen|O Chosen of Dragons...}}<!-- Golden text -->
:{{Black Screen|Ascend to the circlet's highest pinnacle &mdash; then hurl yourself into the Sacred Mountain's flames!}}
:{{Black Screen|Go forth and reveal it &mdash; break the golden seal, unveil the radiance of remnant flames unnumbered!}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrroar...
:'''Paimon:''' What's wrong? Did you see a bunch of strange words again?
:{{DIcon}} The words feel... clearer now...
:{{DIcon}} It feels like... we're getting closer...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean it's because we're getting closer to the volcano?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' ...It's almost as if the person who's been talking to you all this time is in that mountain.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, since those things are showing up as we're getting closer to the volcano, that's gotta mean we're on the right track.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(Attempt to leap into the crater before progressing)<!-- Even when using a Qucusaur/Flower-Feather member -->
:;(The player is teleported back to the southeast Teleport Waypoint)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... There's no way we can get through the volcano's crater like this!
:'''Paimon:''' We need to think of a way to pass through the [[gaseous Phlogiston]]...

;(Approach the top of the Skyfire Circlet)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew. We finally made it. Paimon didn't think it'd be so high up... but at least it's not as cold as Paimon thought it would be.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Grroah, rrohh, rowrr!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh-huh, says the meaty guy with the thick skin!
:'''Paimon:''' That's gotta be the volcano's mouth, right? What a view...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... When we asked for directions earlier, weren't we told that there's a ton of gaseous phlogiston in the volcano's mouth?
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like we need to find a way down.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, speaking of which, what's that? It looks like... some strange statue.
;(If [[Investigator of Ancient Ruins]] has been completed){{verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Oh! Could this statue be the one that [[Kimosi]] said a Qucusaurus stole?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:;(As they approach, a Qucusaur flies in, grabs the statue, and dives into the crater)
;(If Investigator of Ancient Ruins has been completed){{verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Was that... a Qucusaur? So, Qucusaurs really do bring the stolen statues here...
::'''Paimon:''' Wait. Did it just grab that statue and jump... straight into the crater!?
;(If Investigator of Ancient Ruins has not been completed){{verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Was that a Q&mdash;Qucusaur?
::'''Paimon:''' Did it just grab that statue and jump... straight into the crater!?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh wait, that's right! We can {{Color|buzzword|find a way to pass through gaseous phlogiston}}, just like that Qucusaur did!
:'''Paimon:''' But, uh... *gulp* Kinda high up, aren't we?
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, Paimon, I'll carry you.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Err, you wanna go in too? Well... Ugh, alright. I&mdash;If that's the case, Paimon's not that scared anymore.
:{{DIcon}} As long as you grab me just as we land...
::'''Paimon:''' Not gonna happen! Never mind the strength problem &mdash; think about how hard the timing would be!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' And you too! Stop "rawring" along with this craziness! *sigh* ...Y'know what, now you two've gone and killed all the tension!
:'''Paimon:''' And it's not just that we're high up &mdash; don't forget about the gaseous phlogiston!
:'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Anyway, let's make sure we're all set before we go!

;(While leaping into the crater)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Aroawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so now you're scared? Okay, okay, just make sure not to let go!
:;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{w|Nanahuatzin}} is a god in {{w|Aztec mythology}} who sacrificed himself in fire so that he would continue to shine on Earth as the Sun, thus becoming a {{w|Solar deity|solar deity}}. 

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/5GceFXna68E
|caption1 = Nahuatzin's Leap Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Nahuatzin's Leap
|zhs      = 纳华钦之跃
|zhs_rm   = Nàhuáqīn zhī Yuè
|zht      = 納華欽之躍
|zht_rm   = Nàhuáqīn zhī Yuè
|zh_tl    = Nahuatzin's Leap
|ja       = ナワツィンの跳躍
|ja_rm    = Nawatsin no Chouyaku
|ja_tl    = Nahuatzin's Leap
|ko       = 나나우아친<->의 도약
|ko_tl    = Nahuatzin's Leap
|es       = El salto de Nahuatzin
|es_tl    = Nahuatzin's Leap
|fr       = Le saut de Nahuatzin
|fr_tl    = Nahuatzin's Leap
|ru       = Прыжок Науацина
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = การก้าวกระโดดของ Nahuatzin
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cú Nhảy Của Nahuatzin
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Nahuatzins Sprung
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Lompatan Nahuatzin
|id_tl    = Nahuatzin's Leap
|pt       = Salto de Nahuatzin
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Nahuatzin'in Atlayışı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il salto di Nahuatzin
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}