{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Najah.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Amurta
|title            = Audience
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Najah''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]]. She is an [[Amurta]] student who once studied under [[Kautilya]], the organizer of the [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament]], and holds him in great disdain for his arrogant personality. Nevertheless, her interest in Floral Jelly and the fungi led her to observe the tournament, after which she became a strong supporter of the potential for fungi and human cohabitation.
<!--
==Location== Next to a board left of Coruscating Potential stand
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Najah is an Amurta student who is first seen in ''Fabulous Fungus Frenzy'', where she attends the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament as an onlooker. She voices her incredulity that her former teacher, Kautilya &mdash; whom she despised for his dismissive and rude demeanor towards the students he was supposed to guide &mdash; was capable of creating Floral Jelly, which serves as both a source of nutrition and a temporary power booster for the Fungi. After the [[Traveler]] defeats [[Layla]], Najah expresses her surprise that someone from the [[Rtawahist]] Darshan made it to the semifinals over anyone from Amurta, and tells the Traveler about some rumors regarding Layla. When the Traveler criticizes her, Najah counters that with the size of [[Sumeru]] and the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], it would be unlikely for her to cross paths with either them or Layla again.

After Kautilya and [[Elchingen]]'s plot to cause chaos in Sumeru by controlling the Fungi was thwarted, Najah took great interest in the subject of Fungus Studies. By the time of ''[[Fungus Mechanicus]]'', while Najah does not make an appearance in the event, [[Haniyyah]] commissioned her to develop Marvelous Jelly, a purely nutritional jelly for Fungi which helps prevent them from ruining the rainforest ecosystem by absorbing too many nutrients from the soil. She has also worked with [[Souka]] on different flavor compounds for the jellies, and with Layla to convince the Mahamata that with Marvelous Jellies and Najah's ongoing research into improving [[Wisdom Orb]]s, Fungi will be able to live alongside humans in Sumeru City.<ref name="OFNG">{{Ref/Quest|Old Friends, New Game}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Parting Arrangement}}</ref>

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Najah}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|Vo dialog eqpm001 najah 01.ogg}} '''Najah:''' (These Fungi are really quite adorable... It's so easy to fall into their trap...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Available after ''[[The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?]]'')
:'''Najah:''' Who would've thought that heathen would be capable of something like this?
:{{DIcon}} Heathen?
::'''Paimon:''' You must be pretty angry to use a word like that. Who are you talking about?
::'''Najah:''' Ahem, since you asked so earnestly, I'll have to share my complaints with you!
::'''Najah:''' It's about the organizer, Kautilya... That arrogant and self-indulging researcher. Don't you guys find him repulsive?
::{{DIcon}} (You remain silent but curious.)
::{{DIcon}} (You give Paimon a signal with your eyes.)
::'''Paimon:''' Huh...? Wha...? Oh! Yeah!
::'''Paimon:''' We haven't really spoken to him before... But isn't it a little rude to talk about someone in public?
::'''Najah:''' Oh, you don't need to worry about that! I was his student and experienced my share of his tyranny along with countless others!
::'''Najah:''' Man, that Kautilya guy knows nothing about respect. He summoned his students like servants, making us do all sorts of chores for him for free...
::'''Najah:''' And when it came to our thesis, he would either brush us off by telling us that he was busy with work, send them back, reject them, or sometimes just refuse to look at them. He's ruined the academic futures of more than a few students!
::{{DIcon}} That's terrible!
::'''Paimon:''' That's terrible!
::'''Najah:''' Thankfully, he went off to focus on some research project later on, and another researcher took over our theses. If that didn't happen, my future would've be ruined as well...
::'''Najah:''' I wasn't surprised when I heard that his sour reputation followed him everywhere he went! He's even rude to people more distinguished than him. I'd be shocked if someone with a personality like his ever made it anywhere!
::'''Najah:''' When he was speaking on the podium, he said, "the winner carries on Mr. Elchingen's legacy..." In some places, you could only say something like that about someone who had already passed away.
::'''Najah:''' How could anyone bear to listen to him? He accepted Mr. Elchingen's generous donation and immediately spoke about him as if he were dead. Wouldn't you be irritated if you had to work with him?
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to get so upset...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, you said you don't need to listen to him at all anymore, so there's no need to get so angry. You should be happy now that you have nothing to do with him!
::'''Najah:''' Hmph... I suppose you do have a point.
::'''Najah:''' I was planning on badmouthing him a little more, but from the looks of things, there's no need to torment myself over it anymore. I should be celebrating!
::'''Najah:''' Thank you, I feel much better now...
:{{DIcon}} Capable of what?
::'''Najah:''' Ahem, since you asked so genuinely, I shall share it with you.
::'''Najah:''' This competition's "Floral Jelly" is pretty neat. It's basically a gel concocted from a special type of plant. Not only can it store nutrients and potions Fungi need for an extended period, but it also makes it easier for the Fungi to absorb them...
::'''Najah:''' The skills that the Fungi gain from using the Floral Jelly are only temporary and won't deal lasting damage to their opponents. Any wounds will automatically heal shortly after the competition is over.
::'''Najah:''' You know, Fungi don't exactly "eat" anything. Instead, they "absorb" nutrients from a specific environment through a unique process. So, as you can see, it would be pretty troublesome to have the Fungi consume something solid...
::'''Paimon:''' "Absorbing" doesn't sound any different from "eating"...
::'''Najah:''' "Absorbing" and "eating" are two completely different things!
::'''Paimon:''' Take it easy... We're not being nitpicky... It's just, "eating" sounds simpler and easier to understand...
::{{DIcon}} Don't be upset...
::{{DIcon}} Paimon didn't mean anything bad...
::'''Najah:''' Erm... I'm sorry, I didn't mean to take it out on you... It might be because my thesis has been scrutinized too many times, and I've picked up some bad habits along the way.
::'''Najah:''' I can't let myself turn into Kautilya. I have to be zen... Have to be zen...
::'''Najah:''' Anyways, I have no idea how that guy managed to make something as amazing as Floral Jelly. From an academic perspective, he truly created something great.
::'''Najah:''' Hmm... Maybe I can recreate it using the same method as to make a pudding with flour and other ingredients...
:{{DIcon}} Let's leave her alone...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Available after defeating [[Layla]] in ''[[Unfathomable Defenses]]'')
:'''Najah:''' Wow, the competitor that made it to the semifinals isn't part of the Amurta, but still had such high compatibility with her Fungi. I suppose logic doesn't apply to the legendary student!
:{{DIcon}} Legendary student?
::'''Najah:''' Ah, if it isn't the renowned [[Traveler|Golden Comet]] and [[Paimon|Silver Companion]] in the flesh!
::'''Najah:''' Didn't you guys just have a friendly match against her?
::'''Paimon:''' You mean... [[Layla]]?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is that Layla's nickname? Can you tell us some more about it...?
::'''Najah:''' So you guys don't know her very well, huh? All I know about her are the rumors that I've heard...
::'''Najah:''' Legend has it that she would appear in various places in the dead of the night... carefully observing the constellations. She's capable of swiftly moving between the points of observation and able to travel long distances with ease...
::'''Paimon:''' That sounds weird... Something must've been wrong with their eyes!
::'''Paimon:''' Layla doesn't exactly have the greatest stamina. It's impossible for her to do something like that!
::'''Najah:''' I'm just sharing what I heard with you. As for whether the rumors are true... Well, that's none of my business. If you know more about her, feel free to tell me.
::{{DIcon}} We're not telling you.
::{{DIcon}} Get to know her yourself.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, it's not appropriate to tell others about someone without their consent... Go and become Layla's friend if you want to get to know her better.
::'''Najah:''' Hah! You two really are polite, stand-up people!
::'''Najah:''' It doesn't matter if it's true or not, it's merely a passing conversation. There's no need to invest time in proving it.
::'''Najah:''' Sumeru is a big place. We belong to different Darshans and most likely won't cross paths again. We definitely won't meet again after this conversation ends...
::'''Paimon:''' Be that as it may... It still sounds a little cold...
:{{DIcon}} See you around.
::'''Najah:''' It's highly unlikely that we will. Goodbye, champion candidates.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!-- Despite having dialogue changed once, she doesn't get a new one after the finals. -->
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Najah
|zhs     = 努查赫
|zhs_rm  = Nǔcháhè
|zht     = 努查赫
|zht_rm  = Nǔcháhè
|ja      = ナジャ
|ja_rm   = Naja
|ko      = 나자
|es      = Nayah
|fr      = Najah
|ru      = Наджа
|th      = Najah
|vi      = Najah
|de      = Najah
|id      = Najah
|pt      = Najah
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Najah]]