{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Nampole.png
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|sibling          = Imara
|siblingNote      = deceased
|relative         = Ifa
|relativeNote     = descendant
}}
'''Nampole''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in the {{Quest|Medicine Born of Guilt}}. He was a Saurian vet and the brother of [[Imara]], a former chief of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]].

==Profile==
Nampole was very selfless, especially when it came to [[Saurian]]s. He would do anything to treat any Saurian he came across, including his own Saurian companion, [[Antu]]. 

Nampole used to have a good relationship with his brother, Imara, and they agreed to host the Bloomflower Trials in order to help Antu while he searched for Ocean Zephyr. In his absence, Imara warped the trials and caused further division among the tribes after learning that the Sacred Flame Crystals could improve a person's strength. Antu ran away after seeing people fight, oblivious to the situation. When Nampole returned, he was shocked to learn what had happened and severed ties with his brother and the tribe, eventually discovering Antu. He would beg the other tribes for the crystals to no avail, which additionally resulted in him being mocked or beaten. After Antu passed away, he dedicated his life to studying medicine and healing as many Saurians as he could and wrote down the truth of the events before dying in the same spot as Antu. This in turn caused his descendants, such as [[Ifa]], to become Saurian veterinarians as well.

Nampole passed away at the location where he buried Antu.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Medicine Born of Guilt}}</ref> After [[Milray]] was healed, Nampole's spirit appeared before him. After saying goodbye to Milray, Antu and Nampole embrace each other in a hug, finally together in the [[Night Kingdom]].

===Appearance===
Nampole bore a great resemblance to his descendant [[Ifa]], with light-blue to grayish hair.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Nampole
|zhs     = 纳博尔
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 納博爾
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = ナンポール
|ja_rm   = 
|ko      = 남폴
|es      = Nampole
|fr      = Nampole
|ru      = Нампол
|th      = Nampole
|vi      = Nampole
|de      = Nampole
|id      = Nampole
|pt      = Nampole
|tr      = Nampole
|it      = Nampole
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}