{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Naphis.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Amurta
|title            = Amurta Sage

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm10983602|Danny Kramer]]<ref>Twitter: [https://x.com/Shane_Elterman/status/1798922784757977184 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Naphis''' is a quest-exclusive NPC and [[Sumeru Akademiya]]'s current [[Amurta]] Sage.<ref name="Trail">{{Ref/Quest|The Trail of the God of Wisdom}}</ref> He was also [[Tighnari]]'s master while the latter was a student at the Akademiya.<ref name="Silent Seeker">{{Ref/Quest|Silent Seeker of Knowledge}}</ref>

==Profile==
Tighnari describes Naphis as a man of integrity who sticks to his beliefs.<ref name="godside" /> Additionally, Naphis' short temper is "legendary," and even the former Grand Sage [[Azar]] would give Naphis some leeway as a result.<ref name="Trail" />

<!--
===Appearance===
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
When the secret collaboration between Sumeru Akademiya and the [[Fatui]] began, in which [[Il Dottore]] and the sages would turn [[Scaramouche]] into an artificial God of Wisdom, Naphis and the [[Vahumana]] Sage opposed the plan. In response, the other four sages imprisoned the two so that they would not interfere.<ref name="toast" /> An unidentified Akademiya researcher took Naphis' place instead.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Kabukimono's Finale}}</ref>

The sages pretended that Naphis was still active and working on the project,<ref name="Trail" /><ref name="Silent Seeker" /> and attempted to recruit Tighnari into it by sending multiple letters in Naphis' name, promising status and reputation should he accept.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/ox9_6NJP4J4 Character Teaser - "Tighnari: When All Is Said"]</ref> However, these letters lacked his characteristic details &mdash; such as dots which represented the weather he was experiencing, and his typical temperament when angered &mdash; which roused Tighnari's suspicion that the letters were either being forged, or that Naphis was being compelled to write them. Concerned for Naphis' situation, Tighnari asked [[Cyno]], as the General Mahamatra, to quietly investigate the situation.<ref name="godside">{{Ref/Quest|As by a God's Side}}</ref>

In the last rejection letter he sent in reply, Tighnari offered to reconsider if Naphis explained the project's purpose and its duration. At the start of the [[Chapter III|Sumeru Archon Quests]], [[Haravatat]]'s sage, [[Khajeh]], travels to [[Gandharva Ville]] with some of his subordinates to personally invite the Forest Watcher. When Khajeh insinuates that Tighnari's rejection damaged Naphis' reputation, Tighnari retorts that Naphis would have personally come to berate him had the project been as important as they claimed. Seeing that they still would not answer the questions he had posed, Tighnari rejects the invitation again. [[Paimon]] and the [[Traveler]], who recently arrived in Sumeru, bear witness to this exchange from afar,<ref name="Silent Seeker" /> but only find out the full circumstances after discovering the full extent of the Akademiya-Fatui collaboration.<ref name="godside" />

After the corrupt sages are overthrown, Naphis is freed from imprisonment, a bit weakened from the experience but fine otherwise.<ref name="toast">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>

The Traveler finally meets Naphis in-person after [[Cyrus (Sumeru)|Cyrus]] &mdash; Cyno and [[Lisa]]'s former master at the Akademiya and Naphis' old friend &mdash; receives threatening letters from the [[Temple of Silence]], an organization which he and Cyno were formerly part of. When Cyrus goes missing, Naphis helps investigate the circumstances and finds that he went to the desert, where the true Temple of Silence is located, with Cyno pursuing him alone. Tighnari and the Traveler head into the desert to catch up with Cyno while Naphis, [[Alhaitham]], and [[Kaveh]] remain in Sumeru City to continue the investigation on their side.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|After Repose}}</ref> After Cyrus and the others safely return, Naphis lambasts Cyrus for his foolhardiness and resolves to put the man to work in the Akademiya as punishment, while Cyrus secretly plots a way to escape Naphis' clutches.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Dead Past is the Living Present}}</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

<!--
==Trivia==
Unhide if a Note is used on the page. (See Asase Hibiki's page for an example usage.)
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Naphis
|zhs     = 纳菲斯
|zhs_rm  = Nàfēisī
|zht     = 納菲斯
|zht_rm  = Nàfēisī
|ja      = ナフィス
|ja_rm   = Nafisu
|ko      = 나피스
|es      = Nafís
|fr      = Naphis
|ru      = Нафис
|th      = Naphis
|vi      = Naphis
|de      = Naphis
|id      = Naphis
|pt      = Naphis
|tr      = Naphis
|it      = Naphis
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[th:Naphis]]
[[zh:納菲斯]]