{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Narzam.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|location2        = Natlan
|affiliation      = Treasure Hoarders
}}
'''Narzam''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[The Path of Papers]].

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->

Narzam is the leader of a small band of [[Treasure Hoarders]] that operated around [[Sumeru]]. While Narzam sought wealth to help sustain her group, she also valued intelligence &mdash; prior to plundering her victims, she gave them a question for them to answer. If they answered it correctly, she would return the stolen goods and escort them back to [[Sumeru City]]. At some point, she ran into [[Niloofar]]'s teacher and gave her the question "What quickly fills an empty room?", who in turn responded with "Elements are everywhere." This satisfied her question, and she promptly brought the teacher back to the city, where they had a goodbye in decorum.

Sometime after [[Alrani]] returned from [[Watatsumi Island]] with her thesis paper in hand, Niloofar realized that someone else had submitted the same paper and had intended to tell her gently, but a "motor mouth" spilled everything, leaving Alrani distraught. She fled into the rainforest, running into Narzam's group. Her sudden and unexpected arrival, coupled with her strange behavior, terrified the group, even though she paid them to lock her up. Narzam told her group to build a cage from branches and vine before letting her in.

The [[Traveler]], learning of a commission posted by Niloofar, confronted the group, who revealed that Alrani had simply thrust herself into them when they were plotting to get more money. After defeating them due to a misunderstanding (believing that they had kidnapped her), they met with Narzam and Alrani. Narzam did not offer resistance, having heard of the Traveler's feats, while telling them that she had three reasons to help her; she had paid them, she was not a killer and she anticipated that Alrani had a bright future.

After the Traveler solved [[Drusus's Riddles]] and helped him set up [[Treasure of Wisdom: A New Plan|a new one]], [[Drusus]] hoped that Narzam wouldn't cause any trouble, perhaps having heard of her knack for puzzles.

After Alrani recovered, she contacted [[Tahmures]] for a new topic, who suggested the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]]. Narzam accompanied Alrani to [[Natlan]] and gathered research materials, only to be beset by a group of [[Sauroform Tribal Warrior]]s who wanted to try their luck on them due to Alrani's behavior making her an ideal target. Narzam fought off the bandits until the Traveler arrived and drove them off, explaining that Alrani had clutched her document bag as if she were a baby, making her look like an easy target with a single guard. Alrani had also made some money, but her reckless spending on books prompted Narzam to confiscate her wallet so they wouldn't go hungry. They later left for the [[People of the Springs]] to gather more material.

===Appearance===
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
Narzam shares the appearance of the [[Treasure Hoarders: Boss]], with short hair and no braids.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Narzam
|zhs     = 娜赞
|zhs_rm  = Nàzàn
|zht     = 娜贊
|zht_rm  = Nàzàn
|ja      = ナザム
|ja_rm   = Nazamu
|ko      = 나잠
|es      = Narzam
|fr      = Narzam
|ru      = Нарзам
|th      = Narzam
|vi      = Narzam
|de      = Narzam
|id      = Narzam
|pt      = Narzam
|tr      = Narzam
|it      = Narzam
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[de:Narzam]]