{{For|the place|The Narzissenkreuz Ordo}}
{{Faction Infobox
|image        = The Formless Society Avatar.png
|caption      = Clockface of the [[Tower of Ipsissimus]], symbolising the Narzissenkreuz Ordo
|leader       = [[Narzissenkreuz]]
|subfaction   = 
|founder      = [[Rene de Petrichor]]<br>[[Jakob Ingold]]
|base         = [[Tower of Ipsissimus]], [[Morte Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Narzissenkreuz Ordo''' was a secret society in [[Fontaine]] established over 400 years ago by [[Rene de Petrichor]] and [[Jakob Ingold]]. It sought to harness the power of the [[Primordial Sea]] to merge the wills of countless people into a [[Descender]], thereby surviving the prophesied destruction of [[Teyvat]].

==History==
The Narzissenkreuz Ordo was established by [[Rene|Rene de Petrichor]] and [[Jakob|Jakob Ingold]] of the disbanded [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]], who learned about the coming destruction of the world following the devouring of the Primordial Sea by the [[All-Devouring Narwhal]]. They ultimately believed the best way to survive it was merging people's wills into one transcendental being using what they had learned about the [[Golden Troupe]] from the ancient [[Remuria]] civilization.<ref>[[Canotila and the Book of Revealing]]</ref> Rene gathered followers from the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]] by having Jakob perform certain tricks to convince people to join them.<ref name="EP5">{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (V)}}</ref> They would create their headquarters at a tower in the [[Morte Region]], known as the [[Tower of Ipsissimus]].

Members of the Ordo were given various "clearance" levels, ranging from one to four depending on their work and actions. Honorary clearance levels were provided for those who could not complete a clearance level but had made significant contributions to the Ordo.

Rene visited the Director of the Narzissenkreuz Institute, who had returned to the submerged Institute and remained there after the defeat of [[Elynas (NPC)|Elynas]]. Rene initially planned to build a new home and bring her over.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (VII)}}</ref> However, during Rene's subsequent investigation, he changed his mind.<ref name="Page8">{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (VIII)}}</ref> At this point, the [[Primordial Sea]] became a research subject for the Narzissenkreuz Ordo, and Jakob's research was later used as the basis for [[Marcel]]'s own research into manufacturing [[Sinthe]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|When All Return to the Waters}}</ref>

Rene believed that the [[Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz]] embodying "the wills of countless people be concentrated" was necessary, so The Ordo transformed or fused the "Circle of Four Orthants" and a "Tree of Emanation" for this purpose.<ref name="Page8" /> Rene's plan also required an [[Oceanid]] to be involved.<ref group="Note">"...After all, other than the inferior mutants, you can no longer see the original in Fontaine..."</ref> He convinced the Director to follow them to the gestalt still under construction, but the director's condition had been deteriorating. Meanwhile, Rene also obtained the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz he had been seeking.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (IX)}}</ref> Eventually, Rene succeeded in dissolving the Director and using her as a foundation for his experiment, a radical plan to create an Oceanid which would merge the collective consciousness of all Fontainians and prevent the apocalypse. Rene then removed his own personality and was "reborn" as the [[Master]], a fusion of both the Director and Rene himself.

[[Alain Guillotin]] and [[Mary-Ann Guillotin]], although also former members of the Narzissenkreuz Institute, did not agree with Rene's methods and refused to join the Ordo.<ref name="EP5" /> The society was soon deemed an "illegal extremist group", with the local authorities sealing the tower. The Master would eventually remain underneath the tower, in the [[Primordial Sea]] where a seal was created to prevent it from spilling out into the surface.

Later on at [[Elynas]], Mary-Ann and the Ordo had a violent clash which left Mary-Ann dead and her mechanical steward [[Seymour]] heavily damaged.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog}}</ref>

==Members==
* [[Rene de Petrichor]] &mdash; Founder
* [[Jakob Ingold]] &mdash; Founder
* [[Narzissenkreuz]] &mdash; Leader
* [[Lyris]]
* [[Caterpillar]]
* [[Eichi Karasawa]]
* Mr. [[Eliphas]]
* [[Erich]]
* Ms. [[E. Lenormand]]
* Mr. [[Forsamiro]]
* Mr. [[Griffin L. Randolph]]
* Ms. [[Giuffria]]
* Madam [[M. Laveaux]]
* [[Susannah]]
* Ms. [[Zenaida]]

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
* The Narzissenkreuz Ordo possibly takes inspiration from Christian Rosenkreuz, the legendary founder of the esoteric Rosicrucian Order, and the Rose Cross symbol. Rene's [[Enigmatic Page (I)]] mentions a "Chymical Marriage," paralleling the real-world book "Chymical Wedding of Christian Rosenkreutz."

===Etymology===
* "Narzissenkreuz" is German for "{{w|Narcissus (plant)|Narcissus}} Cross" or "Daffodil Cross."

===Historical References===
* "Eichi Karasawa" was probably inspired by {{w|Shibusawa Eiichi}}, a Japanese industrialist who introduced Western capitalism to Japan after the Meiji Restoration, typically considered the "father of Japanese capitalism". Shibusawa is also credited with the formation of the first modern bank in Japan, as well as the creation of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
* "Mr. Eliphas" was probably inspired by {{W|Éliphas Lévi|Éliphas Lévi Zahed}}, a French esotericist, poet, and writer.
* "Ms. E. Lenormand" was probably inspired by {{W|Marie Anne Lenormand}}, a French bookseller, necromancer, fortune-teller and cartomancer. "Lenormand cards," inspired by her, are still popularly used in cartomancy today.
* "Mr. Griffin L. Randolph" was probably inspired by {{W|Paschal Beverly Randolph}}, an American medical doctor, occultist, spiritualist, trance medium, writer, and possibly the one who founded the first Rosicrucian order in the United States. He wrote the book "''Pre-Adamite Man: demonstrating the existence of the human race upon the earth 100,000 thousand years ago!''" under the pseudonym of "Griffin Lee".
* "Ms. Giuffria" was probably inspired by Lisa la Giuffria, a character from the book ''{{W|Moonchild (novel)|Moonchild}}'', written by {{W|Aleister Crowley}}. Aleister Crowley was an English occultist, philosopher, ceremonial magician, poet, painter, novelist, mountaineer, and founder of Thelema, an occult religion. Simon Iff, another character in Moonchild, might have served as the inspiration for Ms. Giuffria's first name (Si██).
* "Madam M. Laveaux" was probably inspired by {{W|Marie Laveau|Marie Catherine Laveau}}, a Louisiana Creole practitioner of Voodoo, herbalist, and midwife who lived in New Orleans during the latter part of the 19th century. Her daughter, Marie Laveau II, also practiced rootwork, conjure, Native American and African spiritualism as well as Louisiana Voodoo and traditional Roman Catholicism.
* "Susannah" likely is a reference to {{w|Susannah Martin}}, who was executed during the Salem witch trials.
* "Ms. Zenaida" was probably inspired by {{W|Yelena Hahn|Yelena Andreyevna Hahn von Rottenstern}}, a Russian writer who published novels under the pseudonym of "Zeneida R-va". She is also the mother of {{W|Helena Blavatsky}}, a mystic, writer, and primary founder of Theosophy, an esoteric new religious movement.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Narzissenkreuz Ordo
|zhs     = 水仙十字结社
|zhs_rm  = Shuǐxiān Shízì Jiéshè
|zht     = 水仙十字結社
|zht_rm  = Shuǐxiān Shízì Jiéshè
|zh_tl   = Narcissus Cross Society
|ja      = 水仙十字結社
|ja_rm   = Suisen Juuji Kessha
|ja_tl   = Narcissus Cross Society
|ko      = {{tt|수선화 십자 결사회|水仙花十字結社會}}
|ko_rm   = Suseonhwa Sibja Gyeolsahoe
|ko_tl   = Narcissus Cross Society
|es      = Comunidad Cruz de los Narcisos
|es_tl   = Cross of the Narcissus Community
|fr      = Ordo Narzissenkreuz
|fr_tl   = Narzissenkreuz Ordo
|ru      = Ордо Нарциссенкрейц
|ru_tl   = Narzissenkreuz Ordo
|th      = สมาคม Narzissenkreuz
|th_rm   = Samakhom Narzissenkreuz
|th_tl   = Narzissenkreuz Association
|vi      = Hội Narzissenkreuz
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Narzissenkreuz-Verein
|de_tl   = Narzissenkreuz Association
|id      = Asosiasi Narzissenkreuz
|id_tl   = Narzissenkreuz Association
|pt      = Ordem da Cruz de Narcissus
|pt_tl   = Order of the Cross of Narcissus
|tr      = Nergis Haçı Derneği
|tr_tl   = Narcissus' Cross Society
|it      = L'Ordo Narzissenkreuz
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Comunidad Cruz de los Narcisos]]