{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Nasejuna.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Order of Skeptics
|affiliation2     = Abyss Order
|title            = Vijnanapati

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Nasejuna''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Khvarena of Good and Evil}}. He is the current Nasuraia (Vijnanapati), or sage, of the [[Order of Skeptics]].

Before he is officially introduced during ''[[The Splendorous Sky That Day]]'', he can be found at the Order of Skeptics camp near [[Temir Mountains]], where his name is displayed as '''???'''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Nasejuna is the current Vijnanapati of the Order of Skeptics, the equivalent of their "sage," stationed in the [[Girdle of the Sands]] to research the strange Abyssal phenomenon occurring in the area. 

While exploring the area, Nasejuna discovered that the ancestors of the Skeptics, the people who were able to resist the impurities of the land were heroes in the eyes of the [[Khaenri'ah|Dahri]] but were smeared as sinners and forgotten by the [[Sumeru Akademiya]]. To this end, he plotted with the [[Abyss Order]] to use the [[Great Song of Khvarena|Great Songs of Khvarena]] to destroy the great tree trying to repel its powers so that the energy from the Abyss would envelop Teyvat, seeing it as "bringing truth without mercy to the unjust world." He had tried to do this by using the [[Pari]] known as [[Sorush]], but she had failed to acquire the Chaplet required to do so. He was on the verge of giving up until the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] appeared.

Using them to his own advantage, upon acquiring the last Great Song, Nasejuna revealed his true intention and hatred for the Pari race. Calling an [[Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents|Abyss Herald]] known as [[Klingsor]], the two tried to take the songs by force, but were defeated by the Traveler and forced to flee.<ref name="KhvaLight">{{Ref/Quest|As the Khvarena's Light Shows}}</ref> The Traveler would inform both [[Pyrrho]] and [[Sosi]] of his betrayal, leaving them shocked.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Nasejuna}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Before officially meeting Nasejuna during ''The Splendorous Sky That Day'')
:'''???:''' (One difficult situation after the next...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
''Available before officially meeting Nasejuna during ''The Splendorous Sky That Day''.''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''???:''' Ah, just as I foresaw... Hm? Where did you come from? Did you slip in?
:'''???:''' You better not be here to impede my plans!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
''Available after completing ''Awakening's Real Sound''.''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Nasejuna:''' ...And that, I shall leave in your hands.
:'''Nasejuna:''' There are other things I must do to enable us to find the Great Songs of Khvarena...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Nasejuna
|zhs      = 那先朱那
|zhs_rm   = Nàxiānzhūnà
|zht      = 那先朱那
|zht_rm   = Nàxiānzhūnà
|ja       = ナセジュナ
|ja_rm    = Nasejuna 
|ko       = 나세주나
|ko_rm    = 
|es       = Naseyuna
|fr       = Nasejuna
|ru       = Наседжуна
|th       = Nasejuna
|vi       = Nasejuna
|de       = Nasejuna
|id       = Nasejuna
|pt       = Nasejuna
|tr       = Nasejuna
|it       = Nasejuna
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Nasejuna]]