{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5000
|image         = Archon Quest Natlan A New Adventure.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = Flowers Resplendent on the Sun-Scorched Sojourn
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ajaw; Ayo; Cempoa; Charlotte; Cival; Clorinde; Furina; Kachina; Kinich; Little One; Mualani; Navia; Pacal; Paimon; Tlaco; Toto; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Romaritime Harbor]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Belleau Region
|subarea       = Romaritime Harbor
|prev          = World-Order Narration
|next          = Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame (Quest)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,000;Mora*44,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Natlan! A New Adventure|chapter=5|act=1|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Romaritime Harbor]]
# Go to [[Natlan]]
# Go deeper into Natlan
# Follow [[Kachina]] to the [[Children of Echoes]]
# Continue exploring the [["Children of Echoes"|Children of Echoes' territory]]
# Go to the [[Statue of The Seven]]
# Light the Statue of The Seven
# Talk to Kachina
# Go to the Statue of The Seven
# Go to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]]
# Ignite the [[Phlogiston]] Chiselith
# Continue heading toward the Stadium of the Sacred Flame
# Register for the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]]
# Go to the [[Weary Inn]] for a meal

==Gameplay Notes==
* If the player lit the Statue before the quest, step 7-9 is skipped and replaced by a dialog reciting that the Traveler could not gain Pyro abilities from it.
* Completing the dialogue with Kachina next to the Statue of The Seven grants the [[Wonders of the World]] achievement [[Land of Saurians]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've made many unforgettable memories in [[Fontaine]]. Now, a new journey lies before you &mdash; first, time to say goodbye to your fine Fontainian friends.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the docks of Romaritime Harbor)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, time flies! Just like that, it's time for us to embark on the next phase of our journey!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We need to head to Natlan next.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Neuvillette]] called it "a nation of dragons," but that description doesn't give us much to go off of...
:{{DIcon}} We haven't met anyone from Natlan either.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly! Even when [[Inazuma]] was completely closed-off, we still managed to run into people from there in other nations...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, could it be... that there are no humans in Natlan?
:{{Color|menu|Just as you're speaking, you suddenly become aware of a Kamera lens pointed right at you.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 charlotte 01.ogg}} '''[[Charlotte]]:''' Yes, yes! That look of surprise and excitement is perfect! Hold it right there... Now, look at the [[Kamera]], and big smiles on three, ready?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay! Just make sure to get Paimon's good side!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, hang on a minute... What's with the photo shoot, Charlotte?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 charlotte 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Well, I heard you two were about to leave for the next part of your journey. After everything you did for Fontaine, [[The Steambird]] simply had to follow up on a scoop like that.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 charlotte 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' *sigh* I have a feeling we're going to be short on material once you're gone.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you knew we were leaving... We don't need a big send-off. That's not really our thing.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 charlotte 04.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hehe, yeah, that's definitely not your style, but we got to thinking... and, well, a little change never hurt anyone, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "We"?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 navia 01.ogg}} '''[[Navia]]:''' All those obstacles we overcame side by side... Feels like it was just yesterday! Don't be a stranger, now, partner!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''[[Clorinde]]:''' If you encounter any troubles along your journey, you need only let us know, no matter the distance between us.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 01.ogg}} '''[[Furina]]:''' Partings are inevitable, of course, but distance makes the heart grow fonder, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' One thing will never change, though. We'll always have the memories we made together during this time.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, you're all here!
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure we'll meet again.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 1 navia 02a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That we will! I'm looking forward to hearing about your future adventures, so make sure to stop by and tell us about them sometime!
:{{DIcon}} Let me know the next time a festival rolls around!
::{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 03b 1.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Already thinking about taking time off? Any excuse for a party, huh...
::{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 03b 2.ogg}} '''Furina:''' But yes, you can count on us! We wouldn't let you miss out on all the fun.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Well, in light of your impending departure, shall we take a photo together?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ooh, great idea! We even have a professional photographer with us. Charlotte, would you do us the honor?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 charlotte 05.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Leave it to me. Just give me a moment to set the Kamera up.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh, by the way, you're overthinking the whole Natlan issue, Paimon. Natlan has human inhabitants and its own unique culture, just like Fontaine.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' It's just that, because of their local customs, the native people choose not to leave.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' They're not unwelcoming to outsiders, though. People travel there for business and leisure alike, and usually return with nothing but good things to say.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Many members of the [[Spina di Rosula|Spina]] have visited in the past, too.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's a relief! Hopefully, we don't get swept up in any major drama this time!
:{{DIcon}} Don't speak too soon.
:{{DIcon}} Hope you didn't just jinx us.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Well, given your experience and skill in that regard, I have no doubt you'll be able to overcome anything that comes your way.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Still, I hope you can avoid danger this time around. An uneventful trip might be a nice change of pace.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 charlotte 06.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Alright, I'm ready! Shall we?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 charlotte 07.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Well then, {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 1 together 01.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Bon voyage!

;(Talk to Clorinde or Furina, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq001 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Safe travels, {{Traveler}}. You're welcome back anytime. If you let us know in advance, we could arrange even more people to greet you when you return.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq001 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' That would be quite the lively affair.

;(Talk to Navia, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq001 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I heard there's a place in Natlan that produces precious stones. Next time there's a lull in my work, I gotta go pay it a visit.

;(Talk to Charlotte, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq001 charlotte 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' One picture to publish, and one to keep for myself. Perfect!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|"What sort of nation will Natlan turn out to be?" You keep this thought in mind as your new journey begins.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! So, this is Natlan!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So many strange mountains! And so many animals Paimon has never seen before!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Huh, doesn't look like there are any cities around here, though. Where should we start?
:{{DIcon}} Let's try heading this way.
:{{DIcon}} I see signs of human habitation.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea. Finding people means we can learn information about the local [[Archon]]!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And once we've met the Archon, we should have a better idea of what to expect during our journey.
:{{DIcon}} If experience is anything to go by, that should be the case.
:{{DIcon}} Archons have the deepest connection to their respective nations.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon hopes this one is easy to get along with. As long as we don't get on their bad side, we should be fine!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, let's keep following the road.

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, check out those colorful pictures on the walls!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've gotta be on the right track!

;(Approach Kachina)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 tlaco 01.ogg}} '''[[Tlaco]]:''' I'm sorry, [[Kachina]]. I know it's not right for us to go back on our word like this, but [[Cempoa]] and I have to do well during this Pilgrimage.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 cempoa 01.ogg}} '''Cempoa:''' You can't seem to find other people to join our team, and we don't have time to sit around and wait.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' B&mdash;But if you two leave, I'll be the only one left...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 cempoa 02.ogg}} '''Cempoa:''' We really are sorry, but you still have plenty of chances... You're young, and you bear an {{Rubi|[[Ancient Name]]|tocaitl}} on top of that.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 cempoa 03.ogg}} '''Cempoa:''' We're just ordinary tribal warriors with years of battle under our belt, and no glory to show for it. Not to mention the physical toll of all that fighting... We're no longer in our prime.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 tlaco 02.ogg}} '''Tlaco:''' We barely had a chance last time, remember? We can't expect a better result with even fewer people.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 tlaco 03.ogg}} '''Tlaco:''' Pilgrimage registration closes tonight. This is our last chance to switch teams.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, alright. I guess it is what it is...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I just wish I was stronger. I'm nothing compared to the other Ancient Name bearers...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But never mind &mdash; guess this is par for the course as {{Rubi|Uthabiti|Resilience}}, huh? I'm sure I'll figure something out.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 tlaco 04.ogg}} '''Tlaco:''' Well, if we do well this time, there's still a spot for you at the Victory Feast.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 cempoa 04.ogg}} '''Cempoa:''' Yeah! Even though we're not participating in the competition together, we're still friends, aren't we?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Of course... Anyway, you guys should get going before it's too late. Go form a really strong team, okay?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *sigh*...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Guess I'll have to wait until the next Pilgrimage...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like that girl over there was just abandoned... Wonder what happened. Aw, she looks so sad, too.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go check on her.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh gosh, um... I'm fine! Don't worry about me... Wait, I haven't seen you around the tribe before. Are you travelers?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! We just got to Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh! Welcome, welcome! I'm Kachina. "{{Rubi|Uthabiti|Resilience}}" Kachina.
:{{DIcon}} "Uthabiti"...?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, that's something we call an Ancient Name. It's a tradition we have here in Natlan, although it's kind of complicated to explain. You can think of it like a "title" for now.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' If you're here for the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame, you'll find out what they mean soon enough!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, this Pilgrimage... Is that what you were discussing earlier?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, yeah! It's a competition we hold every so often, where everyone competes to try and get the highest ranking.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The competition receives tons of attention, so if you place highly, you're guaranteed instant acclaim, and you earn the right to take part in the "[[Night Warden Wars]]."
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 15.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Basically, the winners become heroes! And that's pretty much everyone's goal around here!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a massive fighting tournament or something... Do you have to be in a team to participate?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 16.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, due to the sheer number of participants, the Pilgrimage is actually divided into two phases.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 17.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Phase one is a team competition. Usually, an Ancient Name bearer serves as the team captain and leads their team in various battles around Natlan, with the goal of capturing Sacred Flame.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 18.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, and an Ancient Name bearer is just someone with one of those "titles" I mentioned earlier... someone like me!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 19.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Once the team competition is over, the participants from the winning teams qualify to take part in individual, one-on-one matches.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like some kind of Natlan National Games.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, the scale seems pretty huge!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a minute... If Ancient Name bearers lead the teams... That means you must be a team captain!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 20.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Sure am! Although... I don't exactly have any team members anymore, haha...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 21.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' "The key to winning is in the strength of the team captain," that's what everyone says. But, uh... the difference in strength between bearers can practically be night and day.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 22.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...So, their decision does make sense. I'd feel the same way if I were in their shoes.
:{{DIcon}} What's your plan now?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 23.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' All Ancient Name bearers have to take part &mdash; it's our duty. So, if no one wants to be on my team, then I'll just {{Not a Typo|go it}} alone.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 24.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' At worst, I'm looking at a few extra scrapes and scratches. I'm not great at fighting, but I always manage to get back on my feet in no time!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Psst, {{Traveler}}! Based on the direction of this conversation, Paimon thinks it might be time for us to do our thing...
:{{DIcon}} Right there with you, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like it's that time already.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup! Time for the next phase of our journey to start for real!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 25.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Um, what are you guys talking about?
:{{DIcon}} Can we join your team?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 26.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' H&mdash;Huhhhh!?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 27.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ah, sorry. Didn't mean to freak out on you, I just, uh... How should I put this...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 28.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I really appreciate the offer! That's so, unbelievably generous of you! But, only people from Natlan are allowed to take part in the Pilgrimage.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhh! Paimon thought we could just join your team, fight our way to the top, and then become heroes...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 29.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's alright! Really! I&mdash;I mean... No one's ever offered to join my team before...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 30.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We're all usually on good terms, but whenever Pilgrimage registration rolls around, it feels like everyone starts avoiding me.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 31.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' They don't make eye contact or bring up the Pilgrimage... It's like they're afraid I'll ask them to join my team.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 32.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I probably don't even need to explain the reason... I'm too weak.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 33.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's pretty obvious there's nothing to gain from being on my team. That really doesn't matter to you?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 13a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 13b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, don't you worry! {{Traveler}}'s strong enough for the three of us. Gods, dragons, [[All-Devouring Narwhal|giant narwhals]]... {{MC|m=He|f=She}} can give 'em all a run for their Mora!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 34.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, I get it! You were able to overlook my lack of strength because you're confident in your own skills!
:{{DIcon}} I wasn't thinking about any of that, actually.
:{{DIcon}} You were in a tough spot, and I wanted to help.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right. We always try to help people out during our travels! That's what makes a true adventurer!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 35.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' A true adventurer...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 36.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' You guys are really special! You know you're strong, but you don't take yourselves too seriously. That's exactly the kind of person I want to become!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 37.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' You're planning on staying in Natlan for a little while, right? Mind if I try to learn from you while you're here?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Learn from us?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 38.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah! You know, like a disciple or a sidekick. You don't even have to teach me anything! I'll just observe!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 39.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I promise I won't be in the way! Besides, I can take you to see the sights, and introduce you to Natlan in the meantime!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}? Seems like she really looks up to you...
:{{DIcon}} That's fine with us...
:{{DIcon}} But, what about your competition?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Didn't those people from earlier say the registration period was about to end? You don't need to focus on finding new teammates?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 40.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Don't worry about it. I wouldn't be able to manage it this close to the deadline, anyway.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 41.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I lose all the time. I'm used to it, everyone around me is used to it.... So, it's fine! No one expects anything out of me.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 42.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But, if I manage to learn a thing or two from you, I might just pull off a win next time!
:{{DIcon}} Well, alright...
::{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 43a 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ah, thank you! Who would've thought I'd get the chance to meet such impressive adventurers! Hehe, today must be my lucky day!
:{{DIcon}} Don't set your expectations too high. We're just ordinary people.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 43b 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, of course! Of course! I'm just glad you agreed!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 3 kachina 44.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, come with me, you two. I'll show you where I grew up, and introduce you to our tribe, the Children of Echoes.
:;(Obtain [[Kachina]])

;(Follow Kachina to the drill-like object)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that thing over there looks super intimidating. You sure it's not gonna fall off?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hahaha, don't worry! Our tribe works closely with stone. That's one of our symbols, actually.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's not going anywhere, I promise you!

;(Follow Kachina to the stage)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Many of our tribespeople love music and dance, and have an amazing sense of rhythm.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' In the past, outlanders have come here just to study our culture and exchange views.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' My parents wanted me to learn dance, but I wanted to become a warrior instead!

;(Follow Kachina to the group of [[Tepetlisaur]]s)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hey, it's [[Ayo]]! Come on, over here!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 ayo 01.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Allow me to introduce you! This is Ayo, my [[Saurian]] companion, and also an important member of my family.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 ayo 02.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar~ ♪
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, he's saying hello! I think he likes you!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Saurian"... So, in Natlan, you consider Saurians to be part of your family?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Of course! Natlan is not only a nation of heroes, but also a nation of Saurians. They occupy an important place in every tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Outlanders always seem to think of Ayo as my pet, but that's not the case at all.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ayo and I go on adventures together, but he also has a Saurian family and a place to stay of his own. Sometimes, he even brings his entire family over to eat at our house.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The Children of Echoes have the closest ties to the Tepetlisaurs, which are naturally very friendly to humans. That's how our relationship became what it is today.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' All Saurians have their own personalities, but... I think calling them our "companions" pretty much sums it up!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 ayo 03.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' See? Ayo agrees with me!
;(If ''[[Lost in the Woods]]'' has been completed)<!-- technically, the trigger is not verified to be quest completion; the trigger might instead be naming Little One, and it is testable by dying in the domain post-naming (e.g. via burning damage) instead of using the intended interaction option to leave the place; however, for all intents and purposes, this is fine -->
::{{A|vo ntaq001 4 littleguy 01.ogg}} '''[[Little One|{{Little One}}]]:''' Wrooh!
::{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hehe! You're here too, {{Little One}}!
::{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 15.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' No way! You have a Saurian companion too! Aww, what a sweet little thing! I think your friend here will get along with Ayo just fine!
::{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 16.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Alright, you two go have fun. I've got some important business to handle, and then I'll be right back.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 17.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' No mischief, okay? And you'd better not go leading your new friend astray, or I'm telling your parents.
;(If ''Lost in the Woods'' has not been completed)
::{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 18.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Alright, why don't you go for a stroll while I handle some important business? Don't worry, I'll keep you company once I'm back!
::{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 19.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' No mischief, okay? Or I'm telling your parents.

;(Follow Kachina to the obsidian totem)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 20.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' This is the most cherished and most sacred item in our tribe. It symbolizes the [[Wayob]] that protects us and grants us blessings.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Wayob"? Is that a god of some sort?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 21.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Sort of... We believe the Wayob dwell beneath the earth, while the [[Pyro Archon]] hails from above.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 22.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We hold regular gatherings here, actually. Our chief recounts and interprets dreams relating to our Wayob to decipher its will.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 23.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The Wayob know the past and can foresee the future. Isn't that extraordinary?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 01.ogg}} '''[[Pacal]]:''' Huh? Kachina? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 24.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Chief! Oh, let me introduce you. This is Pacal, the chief of our tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 25a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 25b.ogg}}--> '''Kachina:''' Chief, these two just arrived in Natlan. They're super accomplished adventurers, and they're letting me stick by them so I can learn a thing or two!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 02.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, h&mdash;hello...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 03.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Kachina is a child of our tribe. Her safety is my responsibility. So, I'll just come out and say it...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 04.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' I don't know how you met her, but I'm going to need you to prove your identity.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 26a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 26b.ogg}}--> '''Kachina:''' Whoa whoa whoa whoa! There's no need for that, Chief! They're good people! I can feel it!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 05.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' A "feeling" isn't going to satisfy your parents, Kachina.
:{{DIcon}} It's a valid concern. I get it.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about... we show you our Adventurer Handbook? It's where all our previous travels are recorded.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 06.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Hmm... The people who belong to the [[Adventurers' Guild]] are kind of a mixed bag. I'd prefer something more reliable...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 07.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Mm-hmm... Huh!?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 08b.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' You're {{Traveler}}! And you're Paimon, {{MC|m=his|f=her}} familiar!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon is a guide! Geez, these rumors are getting out of control... Well, okay, maybe this one's not that bad. It does make you seem super powerful and mysterious, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 27.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wait, is there something special about those names?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 09.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' You haven't heard?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 28.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Nope.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 10.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 11b.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Learn well from {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, Kachina. It's unlikely you've ever had a teacher of greater merit.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 29.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Really? To earn that kind of praise from the chief... You guys must be even stronger than I thought!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 12.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Apologies for not trusting your word.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, don't worry about it. You were just doing your duty!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 13.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Well, Kachina's still young, so you can never be too careful.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 14.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' As for you, Kachina... Isn't registration about to close? Why haven't you headed out yet?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 30.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Don't worry, Chief. I told my teammates to go ahead. I'll catch up with them in a bit!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 31.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I may not be much of a fighter, but I am quick on my feet, hehe.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kachina's trying not to worry him, huh...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 15.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' I see... Well, I hope I wasn't interrupting anything just now. If I did, just tell me where you left off, and I might be able to help with the explanations.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 32.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Lemme think... I told them about the Wayob, so now's the perfect time to dive into Ancient Names! Good thing you're here, Chief. I don't think I could explain it very well.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! That word kept popping up in our conversation earlier. So, what does it mean, exactly?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 16.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Well, Natlan is a nation of heroes, whose valiant deeds are preserved and passed down over time in the form of stories.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 17.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' You can think of an Ancient Name almost like a label for these stories. By mentioning an Ancient Name, we remind ourselves of the epic sagas of heroes past.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 33.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' For example, the most famous bearer of my Ancient Name fought in twenty-seven Night Warden Wars.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 34.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' By the time he fought in his last one, he was already over sixty year old.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 35.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Even though he wasn't quite where he used to be, physically speaking, he still managed to achieve top rankings during the Pilgrimage! Impressive, right?
:{{DIcon}} So, why do people inherit Ancient Names?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 18.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Ancient Names allow us to preserve the stories of the past. But, they're also much more than that. Think of an Ancient Name almost like an heirloom passed down from generation to generation.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 19.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Do you have your stone on you, Kachina?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 36.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Of course! Here, take a look.
:;(Kachina takes out a black feather-shaped stone with a glowing inscription) <ref group=Note>The writing on the stone is in [[Latin-Based Language|Abyss Language]]: "UTBT" (short for Uthabiti)</ref>
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that black stone looks so mysterious! It's like there's something shiny inside it...
:{{DIcon}} It looks like a feather...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 20.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' The Wayob decide who is deserving of inheriting an Ancient Name. Once a successor is selected, the Name becomes theirs to bear, and their deeds are then preserved within it.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 21.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' As time passes, Ancient Names come to represent the heroic deeds of more and more bearers, and their value becomes even more profound.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 22.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' In turn, the accomplishments preserved within it serve as an inspiration for the next generation of successors.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 37.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Just like me, hehe! I'm still not sure why our Wayob chose me, of all people...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 38.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But, if I didn't know the stories of all the past heroes &mdash; how they never stopped fighting &mdash; I probably would've given up a long time ago.
:{{DIcon}} So it's like a form of mental fortitude?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Then, you're saying this stone doesn't have any actual power? Like, it's not gonna make Paimon super strong or smart?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 23.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' None at all, and that is precisely how it exercises its unique value.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 39.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Think of it this way... If you become a hero because the heavens granted you strength, are your triumphs earned or given?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it. If people start to ask those kinds of questions, the stories suddenly become a lot less inspirational.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 24.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Someone had this to say about Ancient Names:
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 25.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' "Our forebearers carved 'miracles' into obsidian rock, yet future bearers looked upon them and saw 'strength.'"
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 26.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' The miracles of the past become the motivations of the present. The limitations of the past become the breakthroughs of today... That's more or less the gist of it.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 27.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' So, there's no rush, Kachina. Many people struggle to understand the Wayob's judgment after receiving an Ancient Name.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 28.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' As long as you never stop trying to improve your abilities and surpass yourself, your time will come.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 40.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Thank you, Chief! I'll get it together, just you watch!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 41.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, it's getting late. I've gotta get to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 42.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ah, right! I'm not sure where you're headed, but... Mind taking a detour with me?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that where The Pilgrimage is taking place?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 43.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yup! And outside of competition season, it's the place where our inter-tribal gatherings are held.
:{{DIcon}} Will the Pyro Archon be there?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 44.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Of course. She's the most important figure in the entire event!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a plan, then. Let's go!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 29a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 4 pacal 29b.ogg}}--> '''Pacal:''' Well, if {{Traveler}} and Paimon are with you, then I don't need to worry about your safety... Be on your way, now.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 45.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Alright, we're off! See you later, Chief!
:;(Kachina begins to lead the Traveler and Paimon to the Stadium)<!-- screen transition -->
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 46.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I got so carried away just now, I didn't consider what would happen if our destinations were different...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 47.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Luckily, that's not the case, or... Well, I guess we'd just have to meet up after the tournament.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You sure it's okay you didn't tell the chief about your team?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 48.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *sigh* Chief Pacal's a really nice guy. If he knew the truth, he might even ask to join me.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 49.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But, he's not as young as he used to be, and he's got some old injuries that still bother him. He's not cut out for any more attempts.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 50.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' He'll find out what really happened when he sees me compete. I'm sure I'll get an earful for lying... But this is for the best.
:{{DIcon}} You're a very considerate person.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Your teammates left you high and dry, and you made sure they didn't feel guilty about it!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 51.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's not their fault! Really! The Pilgrimage is extremely important to the people of Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 52.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We all grow up listening to stories about the heroes of the past, and dream of becoming warriors with the strength to defend our nation.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 53.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Not out of a selfish desire for glory, but to lend our strength to a greater cause.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 54.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Anyway, don't worry about it for now. Once you witness the spectacle for yourself, maybe it'll all start to make more sense!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 55.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It'll also be a great opportunity to experience our culture and history!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 4 kachina 56.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Alright, time to leave our settlement. Let's head that way. Our last stop &mdash; the Statue of The Seven &mdash; is also in that direction. Let's go!

;(Talk to Pacal near the obsidian totem, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq001 pacal 01.ogg}} '''Pacal:''' Oh, you're back! Did you forget something?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Follow Kachina's suggestion and head for the Statue of The Seven.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Statue of The Seven)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The statue is so pretty! Is that what the Pyro Archon is like?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' You betcha! Beautiful, effortlessly confident, and absolutely awesome!
;(If the player hasn't interact with a Natlan Statue of The Seven yet)
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, since we're here, you might as well go get your shiny new elemental powers, {{Traveler}}!
::{{DIcon}} That's true.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? You can get elemental power from the Statue of The Seven?
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just you watch, Kachina!

:;(Interact with the Statue of The Seven)
::'''Statue of The Seven:''' The world opens itself before those with noble hearts.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Huh...? That's not right. Is the Statue asleep, or something?
::{{DIcon}} ...I don't sense anything.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, shouldn't you be able to shoot fireballs or summon flame pillars by now?
::{{DIcon}} Nothing happened...
::{{DIcon}} I don't sense any elemental energy either.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange... Must be something unique to Natlan.
;(If the player has already interacted with a Natlan Statue of The Seven)
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It didn't work when you tried earlier, either. Now we know that wasn't a fluke... What's going on here?
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? You can get elemental power from the Statue of The Seven?
::{{DIcon}} It's always worked before.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This would've been such a good opportunity to show Kachina how impressive you are...
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so weird that it's not working... There must be something about Natlan...
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Aw, I would've liked to see that...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, Kachina. We got your hopes up for nothing.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' No, no, it's alright. If anything, I'm even more curious now! Were you really able to gain elemental powers just by touching the Statue of The Seven?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That's something only [[Vision]] bearers can use!
:{{DIcon}} Yup. It's always been that way.
:{{DIcon}} Still not too clear on the how or the why, though.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' C&mdash;Could you show me? Only if you want to, I mean... No pressure!
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Take it away, {{Traveler}}!
:{{Color|menu|You try using the power of Electro, Hydro, and then Anemo, one by one...}}
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wow, different elemental powers... wielded by a single person! I've never even heard of something like that!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Let me give it a try!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...Nope. Still just Geo.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Anyway, I was right! You really are something special!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 12a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 12b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Just wait until you hear about our previous adventures!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! What's that?
:;(A red dragon flies by)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, that's a [[Qucusaur]]! They fly high and fast, and they're always full of energy.
:{{DIcon}} Reminds me of our time in [[Mondstadt]].
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 14a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right? It's been ages since that day we first saw [[Dvalin]]. We've come so far!
:{{DIcon}} "There's something huge, in the sky!"
::{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 14b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon already made the connection, {{Traveler}}. You don't have to imitate her!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, before I forget... We've got a pretty long trek ahead of us, so, here, take this.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' They look like shiny little gems, don't they? Don't be fooled, though, hehe... It's actually candy! My mom made them.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 15.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I always bring a few when I know I'm gonna be out and about for a while. A little boost of sugar can really come in handy in a pinch!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon loves candy. Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} That's very generous of you!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 5 kachina 16.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' My pleasure! My pleasure! I've got all sorts of bits and bobs on me. I'm sure they'll come in handy at some point!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Kachina is getting ready to go to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame to take part in the Pilgrimage. You've heard that this is a tournament of vital importance in Natlan. Go with her and see what it's all about.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We've come a long way. How does a break sound?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great idea! All this sightseeing is making Paimon hungry!
:{{DIcon}} You say that as if you use your stomach to see...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, are you all out of candy? I've got some more, if you want. I've also got bread, drinks, fried rice, roasted apples...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! You're practically a walking cafeteria!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I just like bringing a lot of stuff with me. As my mom always says, "it pays to be prepared."
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' They only come in handy every so often, hehe... But, hey! Better late than never, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? Is everything okay, Traveler? Seems like you've got something on your mind.
:{{DIcon}} Just thinking about what happened with the Statue of the Seven.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that was so weird. It has to mean something, don't you think?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Actually, you know what? It could be because our Archon is different from the rest.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Different how?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, I heard that other nations' Archons live a long time and belong to a class of extremely powerful beings known as "[[god]]s."
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And that's not the case in Natlan?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Not at all! Every Pyro Archon in Natlan was an ordinary person before taking on the role.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? A human serving as an Archon? Is that even possible?
:{{DIcon}} A human ascending to the divine throne...
:{{DIcon}} (That's kind of like what Furina did, but...)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You find it hard to believe too, huh?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' So that's not normal, then? I guess I've just gotten used to how things are here in Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, based on what we've seen, that's not usually how it works. It can't be that easy for a human to become an Archon, right...?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Pretty sure the Pyro Archon's the only one who can answer that.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I do know this, though &mdash; even after becoming the Pyro Archon, the person in the position still grows old and requires rest.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The Statue of the Seven may look a lot like our [[Mavuika|current Archon]], but that has to be a coincidence... Countless people have held that title over the years.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, I should also mention... The Pilgrimage is actually how we select the Pyro Archon. Anyone can claim the title. You just have to prove your strength!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, the contest is all about how strong you are?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That's right. We believe performance in battle is the most comprehensive test for a future Archon. Plus, when someone emerges victorious, it's hard to argue with the results.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 15.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Our current Archon achieved an overwhelming victory. The result was obvious from the beginning.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 16.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Don't just take my word for it, though. Even the tribe elders said they'd never seen an Archon with such strength before.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 17.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But it's just as Chief Pacal said: Today's limits are tomorrow's breakthroughs! Our future Archons will go from strength to strength.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon's gonna ignore the whole "human becoming an Archon" thing for now. It's just... If she's really that strong, do you think that's a good thing or a bad thing for us?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we think back to what happened in Inazuma...
:{{DIcon}} I'd say it depends on how she feels about us.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 18.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I wouldn't worry about it, hehe. Our Archon's a wonderful person, and very welcoming to guests. I think you'll get along great!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right! It's not like we're planning on causing trouble either...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 19.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It'll all work out! You'll meet her soon enough.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, Paimon's just about ready to... Huh? What's that?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 20.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, we call this a [[Phlogiston Chiselith]]. Good things happen if you infuse it with phlogiston.
:{{DIcon}} Lemme give it a try.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 21.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Uh, sorry to disappoint, but only people from Natlan can use that power&mdash;

;(Ignite the Phlogiston Chiselith)<!--{{DIcon|Phlogiston}} Infuse with Phlogiston-->
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 22.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' E&mdash;Eh!? Wait, wait, wait... You can use it too? How?
:{{DIcon}} It just came naturally.
:{{DIcon}} All in a day's work.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 23.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That... was... AMAZING! I don't even know what to say!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, look behind you! Something's coming!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do we do? Is something after us? Should we get ready to fight!?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 24.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We're fine, we're fine! This, here, is [[Toto]]!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 25.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hiya, Toto! Hehe, it's me, Kachina!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 toto 01.ogg}} '''Toto:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 26.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, aren't we looking lively today? Did the Chiselith lure you over here? Warm, isn't it?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 toto 02.ogg}} '''Toto:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so it was just a friendly Saurian... Wait, is that a Saurian?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 27.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Nope, that's a Long-Necked Rhino. There's quite a few of them around here, and Toto's the friendliest and gentlest of the bunch.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 28.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' He's always hanging around these parts. I swear he does it just to show off to any outlanders that might come this way. Don't let his size fool you, though. He's just a big softie!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 toto 03.ogg}} '''Toto:''' Roar&mdash;
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, what does the crouching mean?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 29.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That's an invitation. He's offering us a ride!
:{{DIcon}} Don't mind if we do!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon's not so sure about this. It's kinda scary, don't you think? He's huge!
:{{DIcon}} What are you scared of? You can fly.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, good point! You guys have fun with that, then. Paimon will just float alongside!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! The sightseeing is even better from up here!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 30.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The higher the vantage point, the better the view!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you and Toto close, Kachina?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 31.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yup! When I was little, my parents and I went to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame to buy a bunch of different fruits, but the cart we were using to transport them flipped over on our way back.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 32.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Toto wasn't even half his current size back then, but I still burst into tears when I saw him approach. I was afraid he was going to eat all the [[Berries]] and [[Sunsettia]]s, and leave none left for me.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 33.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' In the end, though, he didn't eat a single one, and even chased off a few other Saurians looking to snatch a few for themselves.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 34.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' After that, he used his big head to help get our cart right side up again.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 35.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I've been bringing him fruit ever since. Oh, and, I was the one that named him "Toto," actually.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 36.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' With the sheer amount of food he can eat, he pretty much grew like a weed! Before I knew it, he was already this big!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 toto 04.ogg}} '''Toto:''' Roar~ ♪
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 37.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, look over there! That's our destination &mdash; the Stadium of the Sacred Flame!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 38.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' You can let us off here, Toto. Thanks for the lift!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 toto 05.ogg}} '''Toto:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 kachina 39.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's an easy walk from here, so I say we head the rest of the way on foot. It'd be quite the trek for Toto, otherwise.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 6 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true, especially considering his size. Well, seeya later, Toto!
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Phew! We made it!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'm supposed to meet some friends here, but... Hmm, I don't see them anywhere. Maybe they're not here yet...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''[[Ajaw]]:''' Open your eyes, slowpoke! We've been here this entire time! I've already lost track of how long you've kept us waiting!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 ajaw 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Listen here, you. It's not just [[Kinich]] and [[Mualani]]'s time you're wasting, but mine too! MINE!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck? That's a strange-looking Saurian... Or wait, is it even a Saurian?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Take it down a notch, alright? You don't even know some of these people.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Just because Kachina's too nice to get mad at you doesn't give you an excuse to be rude to her.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 ajaw 03.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' And what are you gonna do about it? You think you're the boss of&mdash; Hey! What do you think you're doing!?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Alright, I've put him in a timeout for now. Sorry about that.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Aw, you didn't have to do that! Ajaw just doesn't have much of a filter, that's all. I don't mind!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Eh, he got what he deserved. Let's just hope the lesson sticks this time!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, Mualani! There you are!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Looks like you made some new friends! And here I was worried you ran into trouble on your way here.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! Paimon's Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} I'm {{Traveler}}, a traveler.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 03a 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' A traveler, you say? You came at the perfect time! The Pilgrimage is a sight to behold this time of year.
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to win it.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 03b 1.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oho, a bold statement... I like it, hahaha. The rule against outsider participation is long overdue for a change anyway.
:{{DIcon}} This is Paimon. Nice to meet you all.
::{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 03c 1a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 03c 1b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Oh, and this is {{Traveler}}... Honestly, you could at least introduce yourself a little, you know!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I don't see your teammates with you, Kachina. Where are they?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, uh, they... went to join teams with a better chance at winning.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' So, you're saying you've been ditched. Again.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' *sigh* That might give them an advantage during the team stage, but it all comes down to individual strength sooner or later.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah, well, I couldn't even promise them we would make it through the team stage.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The outcome of the team stage usually depends on the Ancient Name bearer, after all.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hey, now. There's not a single person here that can promise their team victory. You're putting too much pressure on yourself.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Besides, you're not lacking in strength at all. You just need a bit more confidence.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You were only three victories short of reaching the Night Warden Wars last time.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so... If the "Pilgrimage" is like a national sporting competition, then what are the "Night Warden Wars"?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The former is a battle of skill. The latter is a real "war."
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' A war against our eternal enemy, the [[Abyss]].
:{{DIcon}} The Abyss...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, they're here, too...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, wait a second... You're saying the prize for winning the Pilgrimage is the chance to go to war!?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's not too far off. That's why it's called the "Night Warden Wars."
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The Pilgrimage chooses the strongest warriors among the tribes, and those warriors fight to repel the Abyss in defense of our homeland.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Their names and deeds are then recorded in epic tales passed down over time. That is the highest honor you can achieve in Natlan.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't it dangerous, though?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yes, but that's the nature of war. Danger comes with the territory.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Resisting the Abyss is our duty, but we're not alone in this fight. We also have the blessing of our Archon, which allows for our safe return.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's something we call the [[Ode of Resurrection]] &mdash; which does exactly what it sounds like, basically!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Resurrect people, you mean?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yup! So, it's not so scary, really. Our Archon's blessing gives us the courage to keep moving forward!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Let's go register. We don't have much time.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Wait, what about you, Kachina? You're not really planning on competing solo, are you?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We really wish we could help, but we're not from here, so it doesn't seem like we can take part...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' There's no threshold to the number of participants. With the sheer number of teams, it's practically guaranteed chaos.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 11.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' No matter how strong or experienced the warrior, victory is never assured.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 12.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' In a situation like that, it's always better to have someone to watch your back.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ooh, how about this! When we register, why don't we ask if these two can have special permission to participate?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Odds are, the answer will be no. So, if that doesn't work, well... I only have a few teammates this time. If someone else could take them, then...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 13.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' You're not asking me to lead your team, are you?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Look at you, mind reader! So, what do you say? With how strong you are, it would practically be an upgrade for my teammates.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 14.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Fine by me, but doesn't that leave you and Kachina as a team of two?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hehe, there's a world of difference between that and flying solo. Besides, we're a formidable duo!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 17.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I bet our new friends here will agree that two's always better than one. Right?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean us?
:{{DIcon}} Things are definitely less lonely with Paimon around.
:{{DIcon}} It's nice having Paimon by my side.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, you're right! Two is definitely better than one!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 18.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's just like the old saying we have here in Natlan &mdash; "No one fights alone."
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But... what if I drag you down?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 19.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Listen to yourself! You'd be hard pressed to find someone in Natlan who can beat us when we're together!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Heh, hearing you say that does make me feel a little more confident...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *sigh* Still, teams rarely contain more than one Ancient Name bearer. People are definitely gonna think of us as cowards.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 20.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The rules don't forbid it, so who cares what they think!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 21.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's not like they left us any other option.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 kinich 15.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Well, I'll leave you to break the news to your soon-to-be former teammates. I'm not good at stuff like that.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 22.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh, I know.... They deserve to hear it from me, anyway.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 7 mualani 23.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Just give me a second, you guys. We can go sign up together once I'm done.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Having met Mualani and Kinich, everyone agrees to sign up for the tournament together.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the registration area)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' This is the place. Let's wait for Mualani here.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Did you see the flags at the front gate when we entered?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah... There were flags, weren't there...
:{{DIcon}} There were all sorts of symbols on them.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Those are our tribal flags &mdash; one for each of the six tribes that make up Natlan, including the Children of Echoes.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Why the sudden tour guide routine?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 03b.ogg}}--> '''Kachina:''' Hehe, I said I'd introduce them to Natlan, and we've got nothing better to do, so I might as well deliver on the promise!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Fair enough. Well, I'm from the [[Scions of the Canopy]]. We live high in the mountains and have the closest ties to the [[Yumkasaur]]s.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' My friend Mualani belongs to the [[People of the Springs]], a seaside tribe. The scenery over there is beautiful, and you can find some really tasty fish.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That just leaves the [[Flower-Feather Clan]], the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]], and the [[Collective of Plenty]].
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' If we get a chance after the Pilgrimage, I'll be sure to show you around.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well, if we're talking tribes, allow me to stand in for our chief and welcome you on behalf of the People of the Springs.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Mualani, you're back! We were just talking about you!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Everything's settled on my end. My teammates took it unbelievably well, actually. Your reputation is really somethin' else, Kinich.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' They probably just didn't see any drawbacks to your proposition.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' We're saying the same thing here. You, my friend, are a formidable competitor, and they recognize that! Anyway, thanks for waiting, you guys. Let's go register.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 01.ogg}} '''[[Cival]]:''' Hello there. Here to register for the Pilgrimage?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 04b.ogg}}--> '''Mualani:''' That's right. I wanted to ask, though... These two travelers are very interested in the competition. Any chance they could take part?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 02.ogg}} '''Cival:''' I'm sorry, but only people from Natlan are eligible to participate.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 05b.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You couldn't make an exception just this once? This traveler is a renowned Adventurer! {{MC|m=He|f=She}}'s more than skilled enough to participate, and I'm sure the audience would be interested in seeing what {{MC|m=he|f=she}} can do.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 03.ogg}} '''Cival:''' It's not that simple, Miss Mualani. Even a single exception sets a dangerous precedent for countless interested parties in the future.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 04.ogg}} '''Cival:''' The purpose of the Pilgrimage is not only to select strong warriors, but also to collect Contending Fire from the battles.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 05.ogg}} '''Cival:''' That is the fire that fuels the [[Sacred Flame]]. Natlan is only safe from the invasion of the Abyss while the Sacred Flame burns eternal.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so there's another purpose for the tournament.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That was the initial purpose, actually.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Every participant, whether they win or lose, contributes to the defense of our nation. That's what makes it such an honor to take part.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 06.ogg}} '''Cival:''' Exactly right, Mr. Kinich. Contending Fire can only be produced in battles between people of Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 07.ogg}} '''Cival:''' Outlander participation would inhibit the production of this Fire, which could, in turn, jeopardize the Sacred Flame.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ah, so it all comes down to the Contending Fire.
:{{DIcon}} It's fine.
:{{DIcon}} I understand the importance of this event.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well, you can still enjoy the event from the stands! I'll try to get you some good seats!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That would be great! Tourists like us are better suited to being spectators, anyway.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, there's something Paimon was wondering, actually...
:{{DIcon}} If the Ode of Resurrection exists...
:{{DIcon}} Why do you have to go through the process of selecting warriors?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You read Paimon's mind, {{Traveler}}! Why doesn't everyone just fight together? Y'know, since you can bring them back to life...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The power of resurrection has its limits. For starters, the Ode only works on those who bear an Ancient Name.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That's also why ordinary people who emerge victorious in the Pilgrimage aren't sent to fight the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's for their own protection. Although, they're still afforded the same honor as those who triumph over the Abyss in battle.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That brings us to the other condition for resurrection. Not much to this one, actually, hahaha. Just one word &mdash; "victory"!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Victory"?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' "The victors shall burn bright, while the losers must turn to ash."
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Only those who triumph over the Abyss earn the right to be revived. Defeat in battle not only means death, but also the destruction of your Ancient Name, preventing it from ever being inherited again.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The tales of the vanquished are eventually forgotten, and an Ancient Name cannot survive when the stories of its bearers are lost to time.
:{{DIcon}} But, why would the victors need to be revived?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, they won, right? Isn't it the defeated ones who need reviving?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You have to think about it at the team level. For example, five representatives will be sent to repel the Abyss this time.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Even if four of them were to perish, the Ode of Resurrection would still take effect. All you need is for one person to return victorious.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Because every victory is a building block of our legacy!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 11.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Of course, the team needs to be strong enough for that to be the case. Otherwise, the price of failure is still very high.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 12.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That's why the first stage of The Pilgrimage is divided into teams &mdash; to instill in us the importance of working together.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 13.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' "No one fights alone" &mdash; that is what we believe. A lone warrior is one whose defeat is final.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This all still sounds pretty dangerous.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well, that axiom is meant to be a warning as much as a source of inspiration.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Danger is always present, but, together, we can move forward &mdash; united in the knowledge that, behind every hero charging into battle, lies the support of all of Natlan as well as our Archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Not to mention, the Abyss isn't an enemy with a concrete form. We're often just dealing with the fallout of its scheming.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 14.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I've actually fallen in battle myself. I spent some time wandering the realm of the Wayob. It was unlike anything I'd ever experienced before.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The realm of the Wayob? Does that mean the Wayob exist somewhere in Natlan?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 15.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Hard to say. The realm's not somewhere you can access by ordinary means, and very few people are capable of establishing a mental connection with the Wayob.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 16.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' We call this realm the "[[Night Kingdom]]," a mysterious, liminal space between the body and mind, life and death.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' The fact that you were resurrected at all is the worst thing in the world.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 kinich 17.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Then, releasing you from your timeout has gotta come in at a close second.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 ajaw 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Hmph, you would do well to speak with reverence of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw... Lest you live to regret it!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 08.ogg}} '''Cival:''' If you're done arguing... Your registration is now complete.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 09.ogg}} '''Cival:''' It all went fairly quickly, considering we all know each other. Now, I just need to register your team members according to their name cards, and you'll be all set.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 10.ogg}} '''Cival:''' In the meantime, you all can go rest at the hotel. As usual, dinner and lodging for tonight are free.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Nice! Oh yeah, I forgot to mention... All food and entertainment before tomorrow's matches are on the house, courtesy of our Archon!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Family and friends included! Which means, you both get in on it! Come on, let's go have some fun!

;(Talk to Cival, optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 8 cival 11.ogg}} '''Cival:''' Get a good rest, everyone. I wish you all the best in tomorrow's competition.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Only the people of Natlan are eligible for the Pilgrimage... But you can still cheer Kachina on.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Weary Inn)
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Dig in, you guys! Eat as much as you want. These dishes are all local specialties.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' There's more where this came from, too, so don't be shy! Let's feast until the bill gives the Archon a heart attack!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Don't be dramatic...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The Pyro Archon is very generous. Even if it does cause some trouble for all the hotel workers and volunteers...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Speaking of trouble, I've locked Ajaw away for now, so you don't have to worry about him being a nuisance.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, isn't that a little harsh?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Eh, Kinich and Ajaw are always like that. Everyone has their own unique way of getting along with their Saurian companion.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' What's got you all down in the dumps, Kachina? You don't have to worry about tomorrow. I'll be with you every step of the way.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I know, I know. Everything's fine, really. I'm just... I'm just nervous.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I can't keep using my age as an excuse. I have to get stronger...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I have to prove to people that I'm not trying to avoid the Night Warden Wars.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You don't have to prove anything to anyone. You know your own heart, so stop beating yourself up over other people's opinions.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' If they don't think you deserve to bear your Ancient Name, they can take it up with the Wayob!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Trust me, Kachina! The Wayob see something special in you!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I just hope it's not the fact that I can take a few punches...
:{{DIcon}} I'm guessing the Pilgrimage hasn't gone too well in the past?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah, I'm on a seven... or eight-Pilgrimage losing streak. My ranking has been improving little by little, but still, no wins.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' To be honest, losing seven or eight times isn't even a lot. Maybe other people can't see your improvement, but your performance still isn't something to scoff at.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, didn't you say you got really close before?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's just... what if I don't even make it through the team stage this time...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hey, have a little faith, will you? You've got me on your team!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Stumble, and I'll be there to get you back on your feet. Run into someone you can't beat, and we'll face them together!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I know you've never tasted victory, but you trust me, don't you?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Mualani... *sniff* You're... You're the best!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I trust you, I definitely do! And you're right. I've gotta pull myself together!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I still don't know why the Wayob chose me to inherit an Ancient Name...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But, I can't be the only bearer who's ever felt this way. If they can keep at it, so can I!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Not to mention... the fact that your Ancient Name has survived until now means all your forebears managed to honor its meaning.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Otherwise, it would be lost to us by now, shattered by defeat in battle.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! And you'll have us rooting for you, too!
:{{DIcon}} Just call us cheerleaders one and two.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' No, no, no! It should be the other way around. I was clearly the one who asked to learn from you...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But, still... Thanks, you guys. *sniff* Geez, now I'm crying again... Everyone has been so nice to me today...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 15.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'll win this time, for sure! I won't let your support go to waste!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 16.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, right! I should eat something. My mom said I need to keep up my strength for tomorrow.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice to see your game face back, Kachina!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Thanks for encouraging her, you two. It's easy for people to only see how she still has a lot to learn, so it isn't often that she meets people willing to treat her with patience.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't you worry! We've seen how kind and hard-working she is. We can already tell she's a wonderful person!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 17.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *sniffle*
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Take it easy. You're getting tears in your food.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 18.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I&mdash;I'll pour you all some drinks. I brought homemade fruit juice! Lemme just go grab some cups!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She even travels with homemade juice!?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hahaha, Kachina's backpack is practically a bottomless pit. It's got everything.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' *sigh* That's true, but she definitely only offered us some so she could go find somewhere to cry for a little while.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like you two really look out for her.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' She's like a little sister to me, you know? She's already so talented, she just needs that one, decisive win to convince her of it.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' And I have a feeling this is the one. This could be the win that finally gives her that confidence!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you so sure? Is that what happened to you?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh, no, no. I was just born confident.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Mualani's being modest. She's already a three-time veteran of the Night Warden Wars. Came out on top each time &mdash; and she's never had to be resurrected.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that's amazing!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Eh, it's no big deal. The opponents I had to face were pretty tame, that's all... No, wait, that makes it sound too unimpressive...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 17.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Either way, the challenges haven't been that difficult so far. But, I'd love to fight alongside Kachina and experience the glory of victory together &mdash; the flowers, the applause...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 10a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 10b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it!. That's how Paimon and {{Traveler}} are too!
:{{DIcon}} Fighting side by side? Yeah, I guess...
::{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 11a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! A little more confidence, please! Paimon's always there to cheer you on!
:{{DIcon}} Fighting side by side? Are we, really?
::{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 11b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! Just think about it, {{Traveler}}. Where would you be without your guide?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 19.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Drinks are here! Better try them while they're still fresh!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Feeling better now, Kachina?
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 20.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Me? Hehe, I'm totally fine! Really, I promise. That was just nerves, earlier.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kachina 21.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'm gonna get some meat in my system, then head out to get some exercise. Wanna be nice and loose for the tournament tomorrow.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 18.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'll come with you!
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Just don't go overboard, okay? The last thing we need is for someone to oversleep. We've got an early day tomorrow.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 19.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hehe, if only we had a friend who never oversleeps...
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 kinich 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' ...Alright, fine. I'll make sure you guys are up on time.
:{{A|vo ntaq001 9 mualani 20.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Attaboy! I knew you'd catch on!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Natlan! A New Adventure}}

==Trivia==
* The line "There's something huge, in the sky!" said by the Traveler after the Qucusaur is first seen references Paimon's voice line from the beginning of the Prologue Archon Quest [[Forest Rendezvous]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Natlan! A New Adventure
|zhs      = 纳塔！新的旅程
|zhs_rm   = Nàtǎ! Xīn de Lǚchéng
|zht      = 納塔！新的旅程
|zht_rm   = Nàtǎ! Xīn de Lǚchéng
|zh_tl    = Natlan! A New Journey
|ja       = ナタ！新たな旅へ
|ja_rm    = Nata! Arata-na Tabi he!
|ja_tl    = Natlan! To the New Adventure!
|ko       = 나타! 새로운 여정
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Destino: ¡Natlan!
|es_tl    = Destination: Natlan!
|fr       = Nouvelle aventure à Natlan !
|fr_tl    = New Adventure in Natlan!
|ru       = Натлан! Новое путешествие
|ru_tl    = Natlan! A New Journey
|th       = Natlan! การเดินทางครั้งใหม่
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Natlan! Chuyến Hành Trình Mới
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Natlan! Ein neues Abenteuer
|de_tl    = Natlan! A New Adventure
|id       = Natlan! Petualangan Baru
|id_tl    = Natlan! New Adventure
|pt       = Natlan! Uma Nova Aventura
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Natlan! Yeni Bir Macera
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Natlan! Una nuova avventura
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}

[[es:Destino: ¡Natlan!]]
[[th:Natlan! การเดินทางครั้งใหม่]]
[[vi:Natlan! Chuyến Hành Trình Mới]]