{{RegionTabs}}
{{See also|Timeline}}
A timeline of historical events in the [[Natlan]] region.
<!--{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|TimelineNote}}-->

==Old World==
<noinclude>{{main|Timeline#Old World}}</noinclude>
* [[Xiuhcoatl]] is born from the primal flame as the Pyro [[Dragon Sovereign]]. On the very same day, he splits off a portion of the primal flame and uses it to give birth to his younger brother [[Kukulkan]].<ref name="An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty"/>
* The [[Heavenly Principles]] freezes Xiuhcoatl in lava, causing him to fall into a state of false death.<ref name="An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty"/>

==Great War of Vengeance==
<noinclude>{{main|Timeline#Great War of Vengeance}}
''The term "great war of vengeance" is derived from [[Neuvillette]]'s [[Neuvillette/Lore#Vision|Vision]] Character Story.''</noinclude>
* The great war of vengeance ravages Natlan and damages Natlan's [[Ley Lines]].<ref name="Beneath the Secret Source"/>
** Xiuhcoatl is awoken upon [[Nibelung]]'s return to [[Teyvat]].<ref name="An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty"/>
* '''~6000 years ago'''<ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails"/> ― [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night]], reconstructs Natlan's Ley Lines in the form of the [[Night Kingdom]] under the guidance of [[Ronova]].<ref name="Beneath the Secret Source"/>
** '''~6000 years ago''' ― A [[Celestial Nail]] falls down into the [[Night Kingdom]].<ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails"/>

==Ancient Dragon Era==
<noinclude>''?–2000 years ago''</noinclude>

* Human civilization in Natlan collapses and is reclaimed by a civilization of dragons ruled by the Pyro Sovereign, [[Xiuhcoatl]].
** Most of Natlan's Seelies are "devoured" by the dragons.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Hesitance}}</ref>
* Natlan does not take part in the [[Archon War]] &mdash; it is instead dominated by in-fighting among the dragons.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Smokeless War|quote='''Acatl:''' Ah, well... Natlan was never part of the Archon War, so it rarely comes up around these parts. (...) The in-fighting between the [[dragon]]s pretty much took over everything, so there was no room for the [[god]]s to join in.}}</ref>
** As a result, the modern people of Natlan know very little about the Archon War.
* [[Ajaw]] is sealed in an ancient ruin for reasons unknown.<ref name="KinichCS"/>
* Dragon civilization gradually declines, and [[Kukulkan]] foresees its inevitable end.
** He brings the power of [[Phlogiston]] to the "primitive" humans, revitalizing their civilization.<ref name="Obsidian Codex" /><ref name="Records of Hanan Pacha" />
** He also creates his son [[Och-Kan]], a half-dragon, half-human being, intending for him to unite the humans and dragons and rise to the throne of a new era.<ref name="MoA" />
* Sometime near the end of this era, the six tribes of Natlan are founded. Their religion involves worshipping their ancestors, the [[Wayob]], and the [[Night Kingdom]].
* At some point, the dragon civilization ruled by the Dragonlord [[Ixlel]], [[Chichen Uctokah]], falls to ruins.
* Xiuhcoatl modifies one of his pupils to serve as the control hub for Huitzilopochtli.<ref name="An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty"/>
* '''~2000 years ago''' ― [[Xbalanque]] becomes the first [[Pyro Archon]] of Natlan after slaying the Flamelord [[Xiuhcoatl]].<ref name="An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty"/><ref group="Note" name="Xbalanque age">All the original Archons are stated in Zhongli's [[Zhongli/Lore#Character Story 5|Character Story 5]] and by [[Ganyu]] in {{Quest|Solitary Fragrance}} as having often gathered together in Liyue. As Xbalanque was a mortal human, his ascension must have taken place close to the end of the Archon War.</ref>
** Xbalanque and Waxaklahun Ubah Kan each take one of [[Golden Entreaty|Xiuhcoatl's eyes]], swearing an oath to maintain peace between humans and dragons.
** Xbalanque borrows Ronova's power to set up a system of "rules" for mortal humans to ascend as the Pyro Archon, as well as the [[Ode of Resurrection]].

==Archon-War==
*[[Bifrons]], an ancient [[fungus|fungi]] [[god]] from Sumeru, moves to Natlan in order to find a suitable place to restore his strength, eventually arriving at the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]]. However, as he is prepared to be planted, a volcanic eruption occurs and buries both him and his attendant, [[Chatraka]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Smokeless War}}</ref>

==Post-Archon War==
<noinclude>''2000–500 years ago''</noinclude>

* '''~2000 years ago''' ― [[Ochkanatlan]], the Eternal Empire, is founded by followers of Xbalanque. After Xbalanque "[arises] from the throne to enter the [[Sacred Flame]]," [[Och-Kan]] takes over as its king.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Delirious Demeanor of the Sacred Lord}}</ref>
** The six tribes form the [[Grand Alliance]], placing their authority in the hands of Och-Kan.
** Och-Kan builds Ochkanatlan upon the remains of Chichen Uctokah. Ixlel initially helps him, but resists when he traps her in the [[Old Core of Chu'ulel]] and tries to coerce her into powering his city. Och-Kan uses his own "draconic half" to create a new [[Core of Chu'ulel]] that he could completely control.
** Och-Kan goes on to betray the commandments that Xbalanque had left him and earns the name of "tyrant." He becomes obsessed with eradicating the dragons and their descendants, the [[saurian]]s, mistreats his people, and forbids the worship of ancestors and the Night Kingdom.<ref name="Unfinished Reverie" />
** Och-Kan is overthrown by the [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth]] and his party, after which Ochkanatlan becomes abandoned and "cursed." Och-Kan survives by separating his "mind" and "body," placing the former within the [[Core of Chu'ulel]]; the latter becomes the [[Dragon of the City of Flowing Ash]].
** The Scarlet-Eyed Youth succeeds Xbalanque as the second Pyro Archon,<ref name="Astral Vulture" /> and sovereignty is returned to the six tribes. They reconnect with the Night Kingdom and mend their relationship with the saurians.<ref name="Unfinished Reverie" />
* '''>1600 years ago'''<ref group="Note" name="Murata">Murata was Pyro Archon before Barbatos departed from Mondstadt during [[Mondstadt/History#Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)|Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)]]. By time when Vennessa was born around 1050 – 1025 years ago, her tribe, Muratan, had long departed from Natlan that they had no knowledge of their history.</ref> ― The Pyro Archon at the time, [[Murata]], holds martial arts tournaments between Natlan tribes.<ref name="MNG - P"/><ref group="Note">The Chinese version of the Manga Prologue calls Murata the God of War and the God of Pyro. Venti, while talking about Murata to Vennessa, says that "in our time," the tribes would hold martial arts tournaments in which all participants would promise to dedicate their victories to Murata.</ref>
** '''? years ago''' ― For reasons currently unknown, Vennessa's tribe &mdash; the Children of Murata &mdash; leave Natlan and wander the plains for many generations, until they run into [[Ursa the Drake]] 1010 years ago.<ref name="MNG - P"/> (See [[Timeline#Vennessa|Vennessa's section]] and [[Mondstadt/History#Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)|Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)]])
* '''>1000 years ago''' ― [[Cochanina]], an ancient Pyro Archon, drives the Volcano Lord out of the People of the Springs.

==Cataclysm==
<noinclude>''500 Years ago''</noinclude>

* '''500 years ago''' – The Abyss invades, and Natlan sustains more damage than any other region in Teyvat due to its weakened Ley Lines.
** Around this time, there is great infighting among the tribes.<ref name="Talking Stick"/>
** A historical figure named [[Tenoch]], known for his [[Talking Stick|giant obsidian club]], recruits allies from each of the six major tribes to defend Natlan against a "turbid black tide," likely referring to the Abyss.<ref name="Talking Stick"/> They would become known as the [[Heroes of Natlan]]. [[Mavuika]] ascends as the Pyro Archon and joins Tenoch's party.<ref>[[Mavuika/Gallery#Videos|"Sunset" Animated Short - Genshin Impact]]</ref> The site of their battle becomes the [[Mare Jivari]].
** [[Traore]] leads the [[Children of Echoes]] against an Abyssal invasion in their territory. With the help of the [[Khaenri'ah]]n warriors [[Zephaniah]] and [[Irizar]], they trap the Abyss [[Land of Myriad Megaliths|deep underground]] using the [[Shadow Pins]].
* '''490 years ago'''<ref name="MoA" /> – The [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team]], led by [[Taika]], travels to the ruins of Ochkanatlan in search of the [[Legendary Tonatiuh]], which was rumored to hold the key to defeating the Abyss. However, they discover that it was a trap set by Waxaklahun Ubah Kan, who kills almost all of them and takes their souls.
** Taika's daughter, [[Bona]], also journeys to Ochkanatlan. She finds Och-Kan's "mind" trapped in the Core of Chu'ulel, which she releases and names "[[Cocouik]]." Cocouik accompanies her to the Tonatiuh, where she meets the same fate as her father.
* By the end of the war, the tribes are decimated and their bonds with the Wayob nearly severed. The Abyss permanently roots itself in the Night Kingdom, plunging the people of Natlan into a continuous war against its advances.<ref name="Past and Future"/>
** Knowing that Natlan would eventually crumble if the Abyss was not fully eradicated, Mavuika devises a plan: The tribes would spend the next 500 years regaining their strength, then the Wayob would select six new heroes of Natlan to expel the Abyss for good. In order to personally oversee the plan, Mavuika sacrifices her life to the [[Sacred Flame]] to reawaken 500 years later.
** Due to the consequences of long-time exposure to the Abyss, the people of Natlan must stay within their nation's borders, where the [[Wayob]] can protect them.
* [[Menilek]] tries to remove the Flamelord's Blessing from his Saurian companion [[Holawaqa Ngoubou]], but the attempt fails.
* Mavuika's sister, [[Hine]], assists in rebuilding the [[Scions of the Canopy]].
* Not long after the Cataclysm, [[Capitano]] (then known as "Thrain") and his platoon flee to Natlan from Khaenri'ah. They stay there for a time, helping the tribes fight against the Abyss.

==Recent Past==
<noinclude>''<100 Years ago''</noinclude>

* A [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]] is conducted, consisting of [[Vichama]], [[Mallko]], [[Pisac]] and other unknown individuals.
** An Abyss attack the day before the [[Night Warden Wars]] severely injures Vichama, forcing him to stay behind while the others continue on. The amount of monsters present quickly overwhelms the group, resulting in their Ancient Names being lost forever.<ref name="To Reclaim an Ancient Name"/>
* [[Mualani]] participates and prevails in three Night Warden Wars without having to be revived via the [[Ode of Resurrection]].
* '''[[Version/3.1|Version 3.1]]''' ― [[Capitano]], the first of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]], heads to Natlan with his subordinates at some point during Mondstadt's [[Weinlesefest]].
** Capitano would have several of his subordinates, including the "[[Polychrome Tri-Stars]]", capture local [[Saurian]]s to perform [[Phlogiston]]-related experiments with them. This is eventually shut down by the [[Traveler]].<ref name="Trail of Subjugated Saurians" />
* As a child, [[Chasca]] is afflicted with a rare disease which prompts her parents to abandon her. She is eventually taken in by a [[qucusaur]] named [[Chimpu]], before being discovered by [[Allpa]] during one of the elder's patrols. Ultimately, she is "adopted" back into human society by [[Chuychu]] and her parents, [[Cusco]] and an unnamed mother.
* The Saurian Hunter [[Kinich]] eventually discovers Ajaw in the ruins and makes a contract with him, allowing him to leave his prison and accompany him in return for using his powers on a limited and restricted basis. Kinich offers his body in return for Ajaw to use upon his passing.<ref name="KinichCS"/>
** Kinich later partakes in a Night Warden War alongside Ajaw. The Abyss adapts to their invasion by taking on the forms of those close to them, and coupled with their increased numbers, overwhelms the group. Kinich is also killed by the monsters, but a {{Dendro}} [[Vision]] inexplicably appears and "revives" him, allowing him to destroy the monsters with ease and resulting in their victory.
* Mavuika's plan continues to proceed as expected, with three of the six tribes having prepared their heroes to repel the Abyss &mdash; Kinich, [[Iansan]], and [[Xilonen]].

==Present Day==
*'''[[Version/5.0|Version 5.0]]''' ― Another Pilgrimage is hosted, with [[Kachina]] defeating Mualani during the finals to determine who would partake in the Night Warden Wars. She goes alongside Chasca, Iansan, and unnamed members from the Scions of the Canopy and People of the Springs and falls in battle, but the team emerges victorious. However, the Ode of Resurrection fails to revive Kachina as expected.
** Mavuika promises to investigate the matter and suspends both the Pilgrimage and Night Warden Wars, knowing that both were a lost cause, and uses Kachina's disappearance to justify the suspension.
** With Vichama's help, Kachina's Ancient Name is recovered and a group consisting of the Traveler, Chasca, Iansan, and Mualani infiltrate the Night Kingdom to extract her.
** The group successfully rescues Kachina, but are trapped in the Night Kingdom after failing to escape in time. Fortunately, Mavuika manages to rescue them by sacrificing the keepsakes that the people of Natlan had given her over the years in exchange for [[Contending Fire]].
** Mavuika's plan proceeds further, due to Mualani being fully acknowledged by her Ancient Name as one of the six heroes to repel the Abyss for good &mdash; leaving only the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] and [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] to prepare their heroes by the year's end or Natlan would fall to the Abyss.<ref name="Past and Future"/>
*'''[[Version/5.1|Version 5.1]]''' ― Upon learning the extent of Capitano and Ororon's plan, the group tries to stop them, as the plan entails rewriting the Ley Lines. This would have a similar outcome to using the [[Gnosis]], which Mavuika is keen to avoid &mdash; it would remove all traces of Natlan's history and potentially make them vulnerable to a future Abyss attack with no way to stop it.
** They fail to stop Capitano and Ororon, but their plan does not work as intended &mdash; rather, it awakens [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night]]. Her power destabilizes Ororon's damaged soul, allowing the soul of a Khaenri'ahn man, [[Guthred]], to possess him. However, Ororon rediscovers the meaning of life and manages to regain control of his body, while also being acknowledged as an Ancient Name bearer, leaving only the Feather-Flower Clan's hero unknown. Capitano agrees to work with Mavuika for the time being.<ref name="Beneath the Secret Source"/>
** The Abyss intensifies its attacks on Natlan, culminating in a massive nation-wide invasion that costs thousands of lives and temporarily extinguishes the Sacred Flame. Abyssal forces are more concentrated in the Flower-Feather Clan due to them being the only tribe yet to reveal their hero.<!-- Source? -->
** Chuychu is contaminated by abyssal energy and ultimately dies despite the Traveler's attempt to purify the energy from her. Chasca becomes enraged and anguished, but manages to reel her emotions in and is acknowledged by her Ancient Name, revealing her to be the last hero in Mavuika's plan.<ref name="Despair Engulfs the Heavens"/>
** With all six heroes present, they channel [[Ronova]]'s power into Mauvika, who uses it to stop the invasion and force the Abyss to retreat deep into the Night Kingdom. She later asks the Traveler to accompany her into its depths to destroy the Abyssal contamination for good.<ref name="A Fuel"/>
*'''[[Version/5.2|Version 5.2]]''' – The Traveler and Paimon journey to Ochkanatlan.<ref name="Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm" />
** The Traveler meets Cocouik and the spirit of Bona, who help them reach the Tonatiuh, where they meet Waxaklahun Ubah Kan and learn of the Golden Entreaty he possesses. He reveals that he has been luring in and consuming souls using the legend of the Tonatiuh for centuries, muses about the nature of humanity, and encourages [[Little One]] to complete his trip to the volcano, where it would be his duty to "decide matters."
** At one point, the Dragon of the City of Flowing Ash snatches the Golden Entreaty. The Traveler pursues it to the [[Nursery of Nightmares]], where Cocouik merges with the dragon to reveal its true identity as Och-Kan. The Traveler defeats the revived Och-Kan and obtains the Golden Entreaty, though the latter warns that it is as dangerous as it is valuable.
** The Traveler discovers Ixlel, who has been trapped in the Old Core of Chu'ulel for centuries. They honor her request to end her torment by breaking the chains that bind her, allowing her spirit to pass on.<ref name="Open Your Heart to Me" />
*'''[[Version/5.3|Version 5.3]]''' – Xilonen manages to forge the Traveler's Ancient Name, and the Traveler and Mavuika head into the corroded depths of the Night Kingdom to purge it of [[Gosoythoth]]'s influence. With Yohualtecuhtin's blessing, the Traveler is imbued with the power of {{Pyro}}.
** During the battle, Gosoythoth transforms into the [[Lord of Eroded Primal Fire]] and seemingly defeats the Traveler, but with the support of the Natlanese and Mavuika, their strength is restored. Together, they defeat the eldritch entity, purging the Night Kingdom of abyssal influence.
** After the battle, it is revealed that Ronova had demanded Mavuika's death in return for the power she had borrowed. Mavuika prepares to fulfill her end of the deal, planning to use her life force to repair the Night Kingdom, but Capitano intervenes to take her place. As a Khaenri'ahn, he leverages his curse of immortality to force Ronova into a choice: Take his immortal "life" and be denied the death she seeks, or lift the curse on his people. Ronova ultimately chooses to uphold the curse, and Capitano gives his life for the Night Kingdom.
** With the war over, the people of Natlan are now able to travel out of the nation, and the Pilgrimage is converted into a sporting competition.
** As Natlan had defeated the Abyss, Ronova keeps her promise to Xbalanque &mdash; she lets him return to the living world for one last day. Mavuika and the Traveler take him around Natlan and show him the future he had made possible, after which he leaves with a smile.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1|refs=<!--
--><ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails">All Celestial Nails are implied to have been cast down simultaneously after the Heavenly Principles won the great war of vengeance. Therefore, this takes place at the same time as the creation of [[The Chasm]], which happened 6000 years ago.</ref><!--
-->}}
<!--
===Lore Discrepancies===
{{Reflist|group=Lore Discrepancy}}
===Translation Notes===
{{Reflist|group=Translation Note}} -->

===Editors' Assumptions===
{{Reflist|group=Assumption|refs=<!--
-->}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2|refs=<!--
<!--Mainpage transclusion refs-->
--><ref name="An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty">{{Ref/Quest|An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="MNG - P">{{Ref/Manga|0}}</ref><!--

<!--Non-transclusion refs-->
--><ref name="Beneath the Secret Source">{{Ref/Quest|Beneath the Secret Source}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="KinichCS">{{Ref/CS|Kinich|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Talking Stick">{{Ref/Weapon|Talking Stick}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="To Reclaim an Ancient Name">{{Ref/Quest|To Reclaim an Ancient Name}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Past and Future">{{Ref/Quest|Past and Future}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Despair Engulfs the Heavens">{{Ref/Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="A Fuel">{{Ref/Quest|A Fuel Named "Fate"}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Unfinished Reverie">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Unfinished Reverie}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Astral Vulture">{{Ref/Weapon|Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="MoA">{{Ref/Quest|Moment of Awakening}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Records of Hanan Pacha">{{Ref/Book|Records of Hanan Pacha}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Obsidian Codex">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Obsidian Codex}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Trail of Subjugated Saurians">{{Ref/HEO|Trail of Subjugated Saurians}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm">{{Ref/Quest|Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Open Your Heart to Me">{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me}}</ref><!--
-->}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[fr:Natlan/Histoire]]
[[pt-br:Natlan/História]]
[[th:Natlan/ประวัติศาสตร์]]
[[vi:Natlan/Lịch Sử]]