{{RegionTabs}}
[[Natlan]] is characterized by its adherence to "war," the Pyro Archon [[Murata]]'s ideal.

Currently, very little is known about Natlan due to the general dearth of information about the nation. What little is known has been gleaned from sources pertaining to [[Vennessa]] and her tribe, who come from Natlan.

==Life in Natlan==
Natlan has several different tribes, including Vennessa's. In the past, the clans of Natlan would come together and hold tournaments in Murata's honor.<ref>{{Ref/Manga|0|quote='''Venti:''' Back in those days, warriors from every tribe would perform rites of combat and celebrate victories in her name.}}</ref> Whether this practice is still held in the present is unknown; Vennessa's tribe left Natlan and became nomads, only passing down the art of war to their descendants. As a result, by her time, Vennessa and her people no longer had knowledge about their homeland.<ref>{{Ref/Manga|0|quote='''Venti:''' Speaking of which, where is your elder? He should have taught your people these knowledge.<br />
'''Vennessa:''' [...] My people have spent generations wandering the seas of grass. [...] There was no time for legends or stories... The elders taught us what we need to survive... The art of combat.}}</ref>

Despite the Traveler never having encountered a single person from Natlan, people are apparently still able to travel in and out of the country; [[Aikawa Susumu]] has visited Natlan personally and experienced their hot springs. According to him, Natlan is "a country of red-hot passion, both in name and climate."<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Aikawa Susumu}}</ref>

===Economy===
Natlan's hot springs are renowned throughout Teyvat, with [[Inazuma]]ns taking great interest in it and incorporating it into their culture. [[Snezhnaya]]ns, being technologically savvy, developed a machine that gave an approximation of the hot spring for anyone to enjoy.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Mikawa Akane}}</ref>

==Languages==
In addition to speaking the [[Languages#Teyvat Language|common tongue]], it appears that Vennessa's clan had their own language,<ref>{{Ref/Manga|0|quote='''Barca Lawrence:''' I know you speak our tongue!}}</ref> which was presumably either a Natlan local language or a language derived from theirs, depending on how long ago Vennessa's clan left their homeland.

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}