{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Navia
|id             = 368177
|image          = Character Navia Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Navia''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Spina di Rosula...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Baking a cake...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Something happy!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A journey!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Polishing sunglasses!

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hello!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'd like to come here often!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo navia mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, hello hello!
:{{A|vo navia mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' This place is seriously cool! So you and Paimon have this whole space to yourselves? It must feel a little empty sometimes &mdash; maybe I should come and hang out more often? Hehe.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I like this place a lot! It's really nice.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The scenery is wonderful, and I love what you've done with the interior &mdash; very tasteful. You never fail to impress.
::{{DIcon}} Thanks. Not quite as nice as your place, though.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, don't be silly. It's not a competition.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Every home's character is unique to its owner. It's not a question of good or bad, just... personality.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, that sums it up nicely &mdash; your home is a reflection of your personality!
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Just one look around here, and I can tell that this place belongs to you and Paimon.
::{{DIcon}} What kind of style do you like in a home?
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 07a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... cozy and practical, I guess? Beyond that, I'm really not that picky.
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 07a 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus actually did most of the interior decor at my place. I've always been quite fond of his style, and now that I've gotten used to it, I'm reluctant to change things up.
::{{DIcon}} Well, if you like it here, you're welcome to visit whenever you want!
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 07b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Really? Literally, whenever I want? Because I'll definitely be taking you up on that offer.
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 07b 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Don't worry, I'll make sure to always come with snacks. Home-made cookies, little cakes... and whatever else you like.
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship1 07b 3.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, and I'm happy to bring enough for Paimon, too!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Sure thing! I mean, that's the whole point of coming here to hang out.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... So, what's new with you? Anything in particular on your mind lately?
::{{DIcon}} Hats. Can we talk hats for a second?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah yes. We certainly can. You know, you should consider getting yourself a hat.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And I don't mean a hat to keep your ears warm or your head dry... I just think your hairstyle would look really neat with a hat!
::{{DIcon}} Well then, maybe we should go clothes-shopping together sometime.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, sure! I'll take you to the best shop in all of Fontaine. Let me think... Yeah, you and Paimon could both do with fancy outfits for formal occasions, as well as a hat and a new pair of leather shoes...
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Actually, come to think of it &mdash; how have you dressed for formal occasions in the past?
::{{DIcon}} We pretty much just wear the same thing all the time.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Really? Huh, that's a surprise... That's cool though. I like how you don't get hung up about that kind of thing.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I often find that people who don't stress about their appearance are the most chilled-out.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Whatever the world throws at them, they just take it as it comes &mdash; no nonsense, no pretensions. Honestly, I think that's pretty awesome.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I guess traveling the world instills that kind of confidence in you, huh? ...But still, let's definitely get you a nice hat and some leather shoes when we have the chance!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Let's do something together! We could go on a hike, climb some trees, pet some cats, walk some puppies... I'm honestly down with whatever.
::{{DIcon}} Sure you can climb trees in that dress?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 02a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You'd better believe it! There might be quite a bit of skirt in the back, but it's not restricting.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 02a 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I made sure of that before I bought it. I specifically asked the designer to make some alterations, so I could maintain freedom of movement.
::{{DIcon}} Have you ever had any pets?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 02b.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I had a dog once, many, many years ago, but after she passed away from an illness, I never got another.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My papa named her "Shelly." There wasn't any special meaning to the name &mdash; we just happened to find her right after coming back from a trip to the seaside.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I loved that dog. We'd go out together all the time, and she'd take me on adventures through the abandoned pipes... She was really smart that way.
::{{DIcon}} You must miss her a lot.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Definitely. Sometimes, I have dreams where we're playing together again, but I usually get over it pretty quickly once I wake up.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm sure Shelly wouldn't want me to live in the past. She'd want me to move forward with my life and make more good friends.
::{{DIcon}} Good friends like... me?
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 07a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Come on, that should go without saying! After all the life-and-death situations we've been through together? That definitely makes you one of my greatest friends of all time!
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 07a 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I doubt I'll make many more friends like you in my lifetime, so I'll cherish our friendship to the end.
::{{DIcon}} Can I call you one of my good friends?
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 07b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, please, we crossed that bridge a long time ago!
:::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 07b 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Why would I ask to hang out with you here if we weren't already great friends?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Anyway, as your great friend, how about I bake a cake that has all of our names on it &mdash; you, me, and Paimon &mdash; and bring it here for us all to share?
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Something tells me that Paimon would really enjoy that... So I'm willing to spoil her just this once!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Navia.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Good morning! I'm sure today will be a really great day.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wanna go out for a quick walk? I don't mind where. Just bring a small bag, and let's head out right away!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Navia.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' *yawn* Yeah, I'm getting really sleepy &mdash; I think I'm gonna turn in. G'night, don't stay up too late.
::{{A|vo navia mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Mmm... I really hope my dreams are sweet tonight.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Poisson the Unassuming===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd navia poisson 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh wow! I always thought that these metal sheet houses were difficult to build anywhere else.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd navia poisson 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You never fail to impress.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd navia poisson 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' This has put me in the mood to go fishing. Wanna join?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Garb for Glorious Gourmet===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd navia restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... Have you ever noticed how all of Fontaine's restaurants seem to go for the same style of decor?
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd navia restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You can't judge a restaurant by how fancy the furniture is. It all comes down to the quality of the food.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd navia restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But since this is chez {{Traveler}}, I have no doubt that both the menu and the cooking are exceptional!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Navia/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Navia/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ナヴィア/仲間]]
[[ru:Навия/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Navia/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Navia/Bạn Đồng Hành]]