{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101616
|image        = Book Letter.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = The paper of this letter is slightly brittle and its ink is also a little smudged. It seems that both it and its owner have borne the assault of the waves. Unfortunately, while they encountered the same tribulations, they did not share the same fate.
|source1      = [[When the Crux Shines Bright]]
}}
'''Neatly-Written Note''' is a Quest Item obtained during the quest [[Guili Plains Treasure Hunt]] of [[Beidou]]'s Hangout Event Act I, [[When the Crux Shines Bright]].

==Text==
If you find this bottle, I may no longer be in this world.<br />
I originally thought that these pirates, having their ways and means, might be able to send me back to [[Liyue]], which was why I got onboard their ship. I never expected that...<br />
Ah, forget it. I suppose this is what they call destiny...<br />
Before I came to [[Inazuma]], I worried that my old mother's place would be burgled, as she lives alone, so I left a check for all the Mora I've saved over these past few years buried in the location marked out on this map. Please help me retrieve that check and exchange it at the Northland Bank. The Mora will then be yours to do with as you please, save for a small portion that I would like used to pay my mother's living expenses. Her name is [[Minamoto Kotomi]], and she lives in the [[Guili Plains]]. Please do this for me, and thank you!

I'm sorry, Mother. I found loads of those Sakura Blooms that could be found all over your homeland, but it's a shame that I cannot send them to your side.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Neatly-Written Note
|zhs     = 字迹工整的信
|zhs_rm  = Zìjì Gōngzhěng de Xìn
|zht     = 字跡工整的信
|zht_rm  = Zìjì Gōngzhěng de Xìn
|ja      = きちんと書かれた手紙
|ja_rm   = Kichin to Kakareta Tegami
|ko      = 깔끔한 글씨의 편지
|ko_rm   = Kkalkkeumhan Geulssi-ui Pyeonji
|es      = Carta con escritura impecable
|fr      = Note écrite avec soin
|ru      = Аккуратное письмо
|th      = จดหมายที่เขียนอย่างเรียบร้อย
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Thư Tay Nắn Nót
|de      = Schön geschriebene Notiz
|id      = Catatan yang Ditulis Rapi
|pt      = Anotação Bem Escrita
|tr      = Özenle Yazılmış Not
|it      = Appunti scritti con cura
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[es:Carta con escritura impecable]]
[[ru:Аккуратное письмо]]
[[uk:Охайний лист]]