{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71804
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Star Approaches]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 100,000
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 189
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|10}}
|characters    = Traveler; Ivanovich; Nervous An; Jiayi; Clerk Zhao
}}
'''''Necessary Procedures''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Ivanovich]]
# Copy down the bulletin concerning business permits
# Talk to Ivanovich
# Give the appropriate documents to [[Nervous An]]
# Give the appropriate documents to [[Jiayi]]
# Give the appropriate documents to [[Clerk Zhao]]
# Report back to Ivanovich

==Gameplay Notes==
*If you have started the quest [[The Secret of Nantianmen]], [[Jiayi]] will be away "on duty" and unavailable to receive the appropriate document until you have completed that quest.
*You cannot give Clerk Zhao the appropriate documents at nighttime - you must wait until daytime until you have the option to give it to her.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The storm in [[Liyue Harbor]] has passed, and all aspects of life within the city are slowly undergoing changes... For Ivanovich, this means working hard to adapt to said changes...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Ivanovich:''' I believe these documents should be in order...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Ivanovich:''' Oh, so it's you. Well, you've seen what happened in Liyue Harbor earlier, yes? It gave us all quite the fright.
:'''Ivanovich:''' I thought the city might be in a mess for a while longer, but order was restored very quickly. The Liyue Qixing are quite something, indeed.
:'''Ivanovich:''' But whether it was to stabilize the situation or otherwise, the Ministry of Civil Affairs has released a whole slew of new bulletins and regulations.
:'''Ivanovich:''' I wish to continue doing business here, so I've been out and about these few days, trudging my way through a deluge of paperwork, administrative procedures, and submitting all the applications that the regulations require.
:'''Ivanovich:''' But Clerk Zhao said that I also need to apply for a new business permit, and told me to stay tuned for any more announcements.
:'''Ivanovich:''' I've been running around for several days now. There are a few procedures I've yet to finish, but I really don't have any energy left to spare to check the bulletins.
:'''Ivanovich:''' Traveler, could you please help me check the Bulletin Board and see if there's any news on the new business permits?
:{{DIcon}} I've got it.
::'''Ivanovich:''' Thank you so much. I'm sorry... I'm just all tuckered out right now.
::'''Ivanovich:''' I know it's not far to talk, but administrative work always makes me feel doubly exhausted...
::'''Ivanovich:''' If you see any news related to the new business permits, copy them down and pass them to me. I'm counting on you.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, but I have other things to do right now.
::'''Ivanovich:''' I understand. You must have many things on your plate as well. I'll rest for a while... and then I'll go settle this myself.

;(Talk to Ivanovich again)
:'''Ivanovich:''' I can finally rest for a while. Any more of this and I would have collapsed for sure...
:{{DIcon}} What's with the huge number of procedures?
::'''Ivanovich:''' Haha. Well, this is Liyue Harbor, after all. Contracts are of utmost importance.
::'''Ivanovich:''' Don't we all feel safer when all things big and small are written down in black and white?
::'''Ivanovich:''' Well, I say that, but this really is too much. I'm getting dizzy already...
:{{DIcon}} Is Snezhnaya like this too?
::'''Ivanovich:''' You mean in the way we do things? Well, not exactly...
::'''Ivanovich:''' But if you want specifics, I could probably go on and on.
::'''Ivanovich:''' You'll see what I mean, though, if you ever get the opportunity to set foot in Snezhnaya.

----

;(After checking the Bulletin Board)
:'''Bulletin Board:''' This is the Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board. You can find community news and shop advertisements posted here. Please do not post unimportant matters.
:{{DIcon}} Let's look for information on the Ministry's personnel transfers...
::'''Bulletin Board:''' "The Ministry of Civil Affair's personnel transfers are as follows..."
::'''Paimon:''' Hang on a minute. That's got nothing to do with business permits, does it?
:{{DIcon}} Let's look up the status of Feiyun Slope's water supply contamination...
::'''Bulletin Board:''' "Regarding the recent contamination of Feiyun Slope's water supply..."
::'''Paimon:''' Come on, Ivanovich has things to do. We don't have time to be worried about this right now.
:{{DIcon}} Let's look for news about new business permit applications...
::'''Bulletin Board:''' "If you should wish to apply for a new business permit, you are required to undertake the following procedures..."
::'''Paimon:''' This should be the new business permit that Ivanovich wants to apply for. Let's copy the procedures down.
:;(Obtain [[Notice Paper]])
----

;(After talking to Ivanovich)
:'''Ivanovich:''' So, did you find the bulletin concerning the permit?
:{{DIcon}} I've copied it down.
:'''Ivanovich:''' Wonderful! Let me have a closer look...
:'''Ivanovich:''' Exit permit, business premises and safety certificates, and an old business permit...
:'''Ivanovich:''' That's fine, that's fine. I got those documents signed a few days ago, and that was an endurance run and a half.
:'''Ivanovich:''' Traveler, could you help me submit each of these documents in their turn as well?
:'''Ivanovich:''' That said... *cough* there might be a lot of people looking to submit theirs as well.
:'''Ivanovich:''' The {{Color|buzzword|exit permit}} must go to Nervous An first. Then, the {{Color|buzzword|business premises and safety certificates}} have to be handed in to a Millelith soldier named Jiayi...
:'''Ivanovich:''' Finally, {{Color|buzzword|the old business permit}} needs to be given to Clerk Zhao.
:'''Ivanovich:''' Please help me hand these in, Traveler. I will be sure to arrange adequate compensation for you.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, sure.
:'''Ivanovich:''' I really hope this is the end of all these procedures...
:{{DIcon}} Same here.
:'''Ivanovich:''' Well, you probably won't ever have to do so again, but as for me... I'll have to do it again at some point if I want to do business here.
:'''Ivanovich:''' *sigh* These methods do provide a certain sense of security, yes, but I do wish they could be further simplified.
:;(Obtain [[Old Business Permit]], [[Business Premises and Safety Certificates]], [[Approved Exit Permit]])

;(Talking to Ivanovich again)
:'''Ivanovich:''' *sigh* These methods do provide a certain sense of security, yes, but I do wish they could be further simplified.

----

;(After talking to Nervous An)
:'''Nervous An:''' The paperwork for these procedures is incomplete again...
:{{DIcon}} Ivanovich is looking to get a new business permit...
:'''Nervous An:''' Ivanovich? Oh, yes, I remember him. He's been here a few times.
:'''Nervous An:''' Applying for a new business permit, is he? Haha... he must be terribly busy right now, then.
:'''Nervous An:''' You're here to help him out, I presume. Have you brought his {{Color|buzzword|exit permit}} with you? I do remember telling him before that his paperwork wasn't complete, and that he needed to get it filled in elsewhere...
;(After giving him the [[Approved Exit Permit]])
:'''Nervous An:''' Let me see... Yes, this will do. I'll take this document with me, then.
;(After giving him any of the other documents)
:'''Nervous An:''' Let me see... No, this isn't correct. I only handle exit permits here. I'm not in charge of any other documents.
;(Talking to Nervous An again)
:'''Nervous An:''' This one lacks a stamp, this one lacks proof, and that one's missing some information...
:'''Nervous An:''' *sigh* These have to be sent back again...

;(After talking to Jiayi)
:'''Jiayi:''' Orderly lines please, orderly lines!
:{{DIcon}} Ivanovich is looking to get a new business permit...
::'''Jiayi:''' Oh? You're here as his representative? I see. May I have your business premises certificate and... Uh, what was it again? Right &mdash; a business safety certificate. Do you have them both with you?
:{{DIcon}} You're in charge of these certificates?
::'''Jiayi:''' No, no, I'm ad-hoc help, just like you. Clerk Zhao has her hands full at the moment, So I've been called in to help collect and file those certificates.
::'''Jiayi:''' *sigh* It's really tiring work... So, have you brought both your business premises certificate and business safety certificate?
;(After giving him the [[Business Premises and Safety Certificates]])
::'''Jiayi:''' Looks good. I'll file these documents away and pass them to Clerk Zhao later.
;(After giving him the [[Old Business Permit]])
::'''Jiayi:''' Um, this is the wrong one. I'm only supposed to take business premises and safety certificates.
;(Talking to Jiayi again)
::'''Jiayi:''' So much material, so many files. Whatever will I do if I mix any of them up?

;(After talking to Clerk Zhao)
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' Hello. Anything to submit? Any questions?
:{{DIcon}} Ivanovich is looking to get a new business permit...
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' You're his representative? Alright. His {{Color|buzzword|old business permit}}, please.
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' If you have it, submit it. I'll need it if you want a new one.
;(After giving her the [[Old Business Permit]])
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' Mm. Good, I'll take this.
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' Have you submitted the other documents? You'll have to make another trip in a few days if you haven't.
:{{DIcon}} I have.
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' Good. If everything checks out, the new permit should arrive soon.
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' I'll get someone to contact Ivanovich then.
;(Talking to Clerk Zhao again)
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' These procedures look complete...

----

;(After submitting all the documents)
:'''Ivanovich:''' Have you submitted all the documents yet?
:{{DIcon}} They've been submitted.
:'''Ivanovich:''' Phew, that's wonderful. As long as I get a new business permit, I can continue doing business here.
:'''Ivanovich:''' Thank you so much for making the trip on my behalf. Here, take this as compensation, just as we agreed.
:'''Ivanovich:''' I really hope that I won't ever have to work through so many procedures again... So tiring...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Necessary Procedures
|zhs     = 必要手续
|zhs_rm  = Bìyào Shǒuxù
|zht     = 必要手續
|zht_rm  = Bìyào Shǒuxù
|zh_tl   = Necessary Procedures
|ja      = 必要な手続き
|ja_rm   = Hitsuyouna Tetsudzuki
|ja_tl   = Necessary Procedures
|ko      = 필수 절차
|ko_rm   = Pilsu Jeolcha
|ko_tl   = Necessary Procedures
|es      = Procedimientos indispensables
|es_tl   = Indispensable Proceedings
|fr      = Formalités indispensables
|fr_tl   = Indispensable Formalities
|ru      = Необходимые формальности
|ru_tl   = Necessary Formalities
|th      = ขั้นตอนที่จำเป็น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thủ Tục Cần Thiết
|vi_tl   = Necessary Procedures
|de      = Erforderliche Maßnahmen
|de_tl   = Necessary Measures
|id      = Prosedur yang Diperlukan
|id_tl   = Necessary Procedures
|pt      = Procedimentos Essenciais
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gerekli İşlemler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Formalità necessarie
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Procedimientos indispensables]]