{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Nechca.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = Tlazolli
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Nechca''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] in the {{Quest|Wailing Cacophony}}.

==Profile==
Nechca was [[Tlazolli]]'s daughter. Several years before the [[Traveler]] arrived in [[Natlan]], she died in an [[Abyss]] attack. Tlazolli took in an orphan named [[Nepecha]] and took care of her, but her guilt for being unable to save Nechca caused her to have distorted view on her relationship with Nepecha, whom she eventually passed off as Nechca. Tlazolli devised a plan to bring Nechca back to her by using Blazegem Inscriptions to gather Nechca's memories from everybody that had interacted with her before her death and then use them to overwrite Nepecha's own memories. This ultimately failed as the Traveler, [[Paimon]], and [[Xilonen]] stopped the ritual. Nechca's soul was temporarily summoned during the ritual, and before she returned to the [[Night Kingdom]], she bid her mother and Nepecha farewell.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wailing Cacophony}}</ref>

Nechca's soul later appeared to the Traveler in the Night Kingdom. She assisted in a fight against the Abyss, and told the Traveler that she had spoken to Tlazolli in a dream, who agreed to lend her power to assist the Traveler.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Journey of Stars and Flames}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Nechca is a young girl with dark brown hair in a side ponytail and dark brown eyes. She has rounded light brown cat ears, similar to her mother's.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
*''[https://nahuatl.wired-humanities.org/content/nechca Nechca]'' means "over there" or "there" in {{w|Nahuatl}}.
* Nechca shares the same birthday as Nepecha.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Nechca
|zhs     = 妮赫佳
|zhs_rm  = Nīhèjiā
|zht     = 妮赫佳
|zht_rm  = Níhèjiā
|ja      = ニエガ
|ko      = 네히자
|es      = Nechca
|fr      = Nechca
|ru      = Нечка
|th      = Nechca
|vi      = Nechca
|de      = Nechca
|id      = Nechca
|pt      = Nechca
|tr      = Nechca
|it      = Nechca
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}