{{Chapter Infobox
|type            = World
|image           = World Quest Neko Is a Cat Offering Box.png
|region          = Inazuma
}}
'''Neko Is a Cat''' is a series of [[World Quests]] in [[Inazuma]] that becomes available upon completing the [[Seirai Stormchasers]] World Quest series. It involves helping [[Neko]] with the restoration of the [[Asase Shrine]] via miscellaneous daily tasks.

Each following quest in this series require the daily reset to pass before the next can be accepted. There are 9 quests in total.

Completing the whole series grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Cat in the Clouds]]," as well as unlocking several new possible Commissions for the daily pool. Afterwards, a new [[Viewpoints#Where the Provisional Head Priestess Lives Asase Shrine|Viewpoint]] will also appear at the shrine's gate, near the Teleport Waypoint.

==Quests==
===World Quest Series===
# [[Neko Is a Cat: Shrine Cleanup]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: Wooden Shelf]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: The Children]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: Shrine Recipe]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: Cat and Stone]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: Stone Human's Troubles]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: Shrine Canteen]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: Ding-a-Ling Metal Ball]]
# [[Neko Is a Cat: A "Good Turn" Comes Late]]

===Follow-Up Quests===
====Commissions====
* [[A Fishy Flavor]]
* [[Shadow of the Cat]]
* [[Shrine Cleanup]]
* [[The Cat's Trail]]
* [[To Make Cat Ornaments]]
* [[To Make a Cat Carving]]

====World Quests====
* [[The Narukami Trail]]
** Requires 4 total completions of any of the following: [[Shrine Cleanup]], [[A Fishy Flavor]], [[The Cat's Trail]]

==Summary==
After the events of [[Seirai Stormchasers]], the Traveler returns to [[Asase Shrine]] to speak with [[Neko]]. Neko comments she is pleased that [[Taisuke]] and [[Eiko]] showed up, surely thinking this is the work of the repaired offering box attracting people to the shrine. Now with the belief that repairing more of the shrine will attract more people, Neko has the Traveler get to work on fixing up the shrine.

While the Traveler goes about cleaning up dirt, Neko fondly reminisces about Hibiki. She tells the Traveler that Hibiki was the head priestess of the shrine and that she would ordinarily receive guests, take care of and cleanup the shrine, and that Hibiki had given Neko her name. She also talks about [[Domeki]] would often come by to play together with Hibiki and help clean the shrine.

The next task for the Traveler is repairing the "Prayer Rack" which Taisuke and Eiko help out with. However Eiko gets suspicious of Neko's motives since the inhabitants of the island have long since migrated off the island and no one has visited the shrine in a long time. After repairing the rack, the Traveler asks Neko why she wants to repair the shrine. Not knowing about Hibiki's fate, Neko answers that she needs to take care of the shrine otherwise Hibiki would grieve about the sorry state of the shrine when she comes back.

The next day, the Traveler helps Neko out with finding the other cats on the island who've run off somewhere. The dayafter, Neko thinks of the delicious dish that Hibiki would make for her and the other cats. The Traveler meets up with [[Kiminami Anna]] who comes up with a dish they call the [[Invigorating Kitty Meal]]. The Traveler takes it the Neko who says it's different from what Hibiki used to make but still says it's very wonderful and asks the Traveler to feed the other kittens.

When the Traveler returns to the shrine again, Neko decides she needs to create a giant statute made in her image after she remembers that Hibiki had once asked Neko if she wanted such a statue. Not knowing how to procure such a statue, the Traveler asks Taisuke and Eiko who say there may be people at [[Tatarasuna]] looking for work. There the Traveler finds [[Ooshima Junpei]] who is highly intrigued and confused about a talking cat wanting a statue of itself.

The Traveler and Ooshima Junpei return to the shrine and Junpei asks Neko about his salary but forget about it later into the conversation as he's still perplexed about a talking a cat. Over the next few days, the Traveler fetches iron chunks and meat for Junpei as he continues his work while Neko is confused about the concept of "salary" and "Mora". During this time, Neko had asked Taisuke and Eiko if they knew of Hibiki and Domeki. The two adventurers didn't know who Hibiki was but said that Domeki was a pirate who had a bounty on his head. Hibiki was confused by this since she believes Domeki must have been a good person since Hibiki would play with him.

Finally, Ooshima Junpei completes the statue and as they all go to see it, they see a cloud turn into the shape of a cat just as Junpei chisels the last bit of stone. Neko is overjoyed as she believes this must be a sign from Hibiki, who haad said that a good thing would happen when the statue is completed. After fixing up the shrine and building this statue, Neko now definitely believes Hibiki, Domeki, [[Janome]] and the rest of Hibiki's friends will definitely return.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Neko Is a Cat
|zhs     = 寝子是只猫
|zhs_rm  = Qǐnzi Shì Zhī Māo
|zht     = 寢子是隻貓
|zht_rm  = Qǐnzi Shì Zhī Māo
|zh_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|zh_note = {{Lang|mini=1|ja=寝子}} is read in Japanese as ''neko'', which has the same pronunciation as {{Lang|mini=1|ja=猫|ja_rm=neko|ja_tl=cat}}.
|ja      = 寝子は猫である
|ja_rm   = Neko wa Neko dearu
|ja_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|ko      = 네코는 고양이
|ko_rm   = Nekoneun Goyang'i
|ko_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|es      = Neko es una gata
|es_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|fr      = Neko est un chat
|fr_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|ru      = Кошка Нэко
|ru_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|th      = Neko คือเจ้าเหมียวน้อย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Neko Là Một Con Mèo
|vi_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|de      = Neko ist eine Katze
|de_tl   = Neko Is a Cat
|id      = Neko Adalah Seekor Kucing
|id_tl   = Neko Is A Cat
|pt      = Neko é só uma Gata
|pt_tl   = Neko is Just a Cat
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[Category:Daily Quests]]