{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Neuvillette
|id             = 368173
|image          = Neuvillette Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Neuvillette''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Water...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Reports...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Duty...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Confusion...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Life...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Waiting...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Ah, it's you...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, it's you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I've been waiting for the owner to show up. One cannot simply walk around without first obtaining permission.

:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The scenery here is pleasant. It makes one feel happy.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But I've been meaning to ask, does it never rain here?
::{{DIcon}} No, never.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I see.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Well, I suppose that makes sense... Worlds such as this are created as a sanctuary from wind and rain.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Pay it no heed... it's nothing.
::{{DIcon}} But we do have [[Whitestone Hot Spring: Diffusing Warmth|Inazuman hot springs]] here.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Oh, splendid.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I've long heard tell of the hot springs in [[Inazuma]]. Did not expect that I'd see them here.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hm? You mean the water is just artificially heated?
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 4.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' That's quite understandable. Even long ago, I had heard that there are no natural hot springs in Inazuma either, and that their current facilities were imported and developed by their treasury department.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 5.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The experience is not much different from that of an authentic, natural hot spring.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Of course, is there anything you would like to know?
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' For example, my experiences of taste-testing the renowned springs of the world?
::{{DIcon}} Uh, unfortunately... I don't really have a taste for spring water.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, then you are missing out on a great many good things in life...
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Perhaps that can't be helped, some things come naturally to certain people, but not to others.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Did you know that [[Vishap]]s lose the ability to distinguish colors over the course of their evolution?
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' After the window of opportunity closes, they won't ever be able to enjoy colorful paintings again.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Oh, I just learn things like this out of personal interest.
::{{DIcon}} I feel like I've heard this somewhere before...
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Two things I've learned from the story of Vishaps are:
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' First, we must respect the differences between all species as well as all individuals within a species.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And second, we mustn't squander the best years of our lives.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' How about you? Can you think of anything you should do when you are young, and not wait until you are too old and begin to regret it?
::{{DIcon}} To love others and be loved in return?
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12a 1.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, an excellent answer. It exceeds my expectations.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12a 2.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If only people could actually do that, it would be wonderful... Failure to do so only floods the world with sorrow.
::{{DIcon}} To travel all around the world?
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12b 1.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hmm, a good answer.
:::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12b 2.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But I think it's never too late to do that. I'm also planning to travel the world in the future, you know.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If you mean what I'd like to do right now, I think I would enjoy taking a nice walk.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But, if you're asking about the long-term, then I'd want all life to be able to live on in the original forms that are rightfully theirs.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It's merely that... as of now, even existence in such a natural state must be fought for most fiercely.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds kinda intense.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You're right. I'm saying that more for myself to hear than anything else.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If you too find yourself subject to grave injustice, yet bound by rules that are twisted and warped...
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You must be willing to step up and right those wrongs.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If you cannot break free from the eggshell, the world is naught but a prison where you are blinded and confined.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Don't be afraid of bleak desolation and poverty outside the prison, and don't fret about your stable rations being cut off once the prison is destroyed.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Outside that world... I'll always be waiting for you.
::{{DIcon}} Okay, I'll remember that.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Iudex.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hello. You may forgo the formalities.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The weather here seems to always be... pleasant.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Neuvillette.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo neuvillette mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Forget your troubles and enjoy a good night's rest.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Court of Justice's Fresh Mist===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd neuvillette lucine 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This bears a striking resemblance to the [[Fountain of Lucine]]. Sadly, the water here comes from a different source, so there is, of course, no way to replicate the taste.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd neuvillette lucine 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Nevertheless, prior experience tells me that to most people, the visual similarity alone would be enough to prompt them to say a phrase such as: "This area has a very Fountain of Lucine flavor."
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd neuvillette lucine 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...My cup is empty. May I avail myself of your fountain?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Strict Adherence to Office Codes===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd neuvillette office 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The office desk is, in my estimation, one of humanity's most eminently practical inventions.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd neuvillette office 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' When receiving strangers, the presence of a physical boundary always proves more effective than a verbal reminder at encouraging disagreeable persons to act with relative decorum.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd neuvillette office 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And so, to me, the office desk is an item of great importance. 
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Neuvillette/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Neuvillette/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ヌヴィレット/仲間]]
[[ru:Нёвиллет/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Neuvillette/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Neuvillette/Bạn Đồng Hành]]