{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest Sangonomiya Kokomi A1 New Beginning.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 5
|act           = Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing
|character     = Sangonomiya Kokomi
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Tatarasuna]], [[Kannazuka]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = Victory Banquet
|next          = 
|exp           = 450
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Guide to Transience|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Kujou Sara; Motosuke; Paimon; Sangonomiya Kokomi; Sue Yoshitaka; Tadakatsu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''New Beginning''' is the fifth and final part of [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter]]: Act I - [[Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing]].

==Steps==
# Wait till 10:00 – 12:00 the next day
# Meet [[Kokomi]] at the agreed place
# Talk to Kokomi
# Go to the peace talks
# Complete the peace talks with Kokomi
# Convince the troops together with Kokomi
# Talk to Kokomi near the secret base

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You hurry towards the site where the peace talks are to begin. What will the future of [[Watatsumi Island]] and the [[Shogunate]] look like?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Meet Kokomi at the agreed place)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' *yawn*... Well, the peace talks are upon us. How do you feel, (Traveler)? Prepared?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Here, take this.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' These are some directives I wrote last night. These negotiations are complex, to be sure, but I thought about it carefully and realized there are no more than 187 possible outcomes.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I took the liberty of writing them all down. This way, you will be able to adapt with speed, no matter how the events play out.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, this is huuuuge!
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see... "Fierce Dispute," "Violent Escalation," "Armed Revolt," "Coordinated Attack," "Seize Hostages"...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, there's so many! But you've thought of a solution to each one... Paimon suddenly feels a lot less nervous.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Glad to hear it. These peace talks are quite exceptional. It is a major step forward both for [[Watatsumi Island]] and the [[Shogunate]].
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But any amount of dissatisfaction within our ranks weakens our negotiating position. We will have to work all the harder if we want these talks to be a success.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' As the Divine Priestess of Watatsumi Island, this responsibility is of course mine to shoulder. But would you be willing to lend me a hand?
:{{DIcon}} Of course.
:{{DIcon}} I also want the peace talks to succeed.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 1 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Excellent. Okay, time to head off.

----

;(Go to the peace talks at Tatarasuna)

;(Complete the peace talks with Kokomi)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It's been a while, [[Kujou Sara]]. I believe the last time we met was on the battlefield.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Yes... where you dealt my forces quite the devastating blow...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But, before we go any further &mdash; what are you doing here?
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to witness the peace talks.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 02b.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' That's right. (He's/She's) here to bear witness to the proceedings.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 03b.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' (He/She) experienced the war between us firsthand, and has made an enormous contribution toward securing the peace we have today. I couldn't think of a more suitable candidate.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Seems reasonable. Then let's get straight into it.

:'''Kokomi and Sara begin their tit-for-tat peace talks...'''

:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The first item is the maritime administration issue. During wartime, we restricted fishing rights for Watatsumi vessels in Narukami waters...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We intend to remove these restrictions. But going forward, any of your vessels that fish in our waters will have to pay taxes in accordance with Narukami legislation in order to bring their catch back to Watatsumi.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' That's fine. But if they're paying taxes, they should also be entitled to protection from the [[Tenryou Commission]] while in your waters.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Any losses they sustain due to issues of public security will need to be compensated by the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Accepted. Let's add that to the peace treaty. I can assure you that your vessels will be quite safe in our hands.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Negotiations seem to be going pretty smoothly.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The next item has to do with the movement of people and military authority.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' In the past, our people have been subjected to lengthy interrogations on arrival in Watatsumi, and the same has been true for your people on arrival to Narukami.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Economic cooperation between our islands has suffered greatly as a consequence. Few merchants are now willing to engage in inter-island commerce.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Since the war is now over, I propose that we have the [[Yashiro Commission]] appoint a business council to oversee trade between our two islands.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The problem there is that trade is a reciprocal affair. We'll need to involve merchants from both sides in this process if it is to succeed &mdash; we cannot give the Yashiro Commission full authority.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Watatsumi Island facing severe shortages of many essential goods at the moment? Having the Yashiro Commission organize everything centrally would work in your favor.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' True, we're experiencing some shortages, but we will recover in due course. Between the diverse range of goods we can produce ourselves and our strong trade links with other areas, we are capable of sourcing everything we need.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Not to mention that your proposal would require separate talks with the [[Kamisato Clan]]. If they've yet to sanction it, I believe you are going beyond the remit of the Tenryou Commission's authority.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Let's leave that aside for now, then. On to the military question: Watatsumi Island's forces will need to come back under the jurisdiction of the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' That just isn't feasible. Not in the short term, at least.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' With all due respect, feasibility doesn't come into it. The Tenryou Commission alone has ultimate responsibility for Inazuma's national security. We cannot allow Watatsumi Island to be the sole exception to this rule indefinitely...

;(A Sangonomiya soldier interrupts the peace talks)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 tadakatsu 01.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' You Kujou scum! Colluding with the [[Fatui]] isn't low enough for you already? You just want to take everything away from us!

;(A cutscene begins)
::{{A|vo xhlq005 cs tadakatsu 01.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Comrades!
::{{A|vo xhlq005 cs tadakatsu 02.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Never trust the Kujou. Let's get them!
::{{A|vo xhlq005 cs samuraia 01.ogg}} '''Tenryou Samurai:''' Protect Madam Kujou!
:;(The Traveler steps in between the Sangonomiya and Tenryou soldiers to prevent a fight from breaking out)
::{{A|vo xhlq005 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No. 16... No, wait, 67... Or is it 73...
::{{A|vo xhlq005 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh! Which one is it!
:;(During the standoff, Kokomi notices that two Tenryou soldiers are nervous)
:;(Kujou Sara follows Kokomi's gaze and takes notice of the nervous Tenryou samurai)
:;(Kokomi confidently sits back down and the talks resume)
:;(The cutscene ends)

:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kokomi! Which scenario number is this in the directives?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The last one... but hold off for the moment.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Stand down, Tadakatsu. The situation has changed. Please stand by for further orders.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Rest assured, I am fully aware of your concerns. But I will deal with the situation from here.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Madame Kujou, this is rather serious. I believe you owe Watatsumi Island an explanation?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...Excuse me for a moment. Nobody makes another move until I have finished investigating!
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' You two. Here, now.

;(Kokomi gives the Traveler a wink; Kujou Sara steps away from the negotiation table with the suspicious Tenryou soldiers)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Speak. Collusion with the Fatui? Is this true?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 motosuke 01.ogg}} '''Motosuke:''' Umm...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 sueyoshitaka 01.ogg}} '''Sue Yoshitaka:''' I wouldn't exactly call it "collusion" as such...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 motosuke 02.ogg}} '''Motosuke:''' We were approached by a few Fatui... They mentioned a potential cooperation to keep the war against Watatsumi Island going...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 motosuke 03.ogg}} '''Motosuke:''' At the time, I felt like we could give it a try, after all there'd be nothing to lose...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 sueyoshitaka 02.ogg}} '''Sue Yoshitaka:''' But we were extremely careful! We didn't agree to anything. We just said they could maybe start by heading to Watatsumi Island and stirring things up a little... then we'd see how it went.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 sueyoshitaka 03.ogg}} '''Sue Yoshitaka:''' With respect, Ma'am, there was no collusion! It was just a one-off conversation. How anyone from Watatsumi Island even found out about it I have no idea...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 17.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' That's enough... When we return, there will be consequences.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 18.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Might I remind you that this is the Fatui? Have you completely forgotten what they did to us?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 19.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' You should be having no interaction with them whatsoever, let alone entertaining offers of cooperation!
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 20.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So, what did they want out of it?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 sueyoshitaka 04.ogg}} '''Sue Yoshitaka:''' The Fatui's main forces have already left Inazuma. The few who approached us seemed like they wanted to settle a score for their boss.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 21.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, [[Signora|HER]] subordinates? ...So they're out for revenge. They want to keep Inazuma in a state of turmoil.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 22.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' One day, I will hunt them down. Every last one.

;(Kujou Sara returns to the table to speak with Kokomi)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 23.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We bear responsibility for this issue.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 24.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' My sincere apologies. I have my own negligence to blame for this state of affairs. Please, grant us another chance to continue the peace talks.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehehe... But of course, Madam Kujou. I have every confidence in your ability to resolve this situation.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 15.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' For the time being, however, there is evidently some discord within the Tenryou Commission's ranks. I would therefore not feel comfortable releasing Watatsumi Island's forces into your command at this time.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 25.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' It seems that I must acquiesce...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 26.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I will lay this issue aside for now. But we shall revisit it as soon as the Tenryou Commission has resolved our internal issues.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 27.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As for the trade issues we raised, I will discuss options with the Yashiro Commission and make sure both sides have ample participation in the final arrangement...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like Kujou Sara's on the defensive now. These negotiations should be smooth sailing from here on out.

:'''Kokomi and Sara calmly complete the follow-up negotiations...'''

:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 28.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I never knew the grand strategist of Watatsumi Island was a skilled negotiator as well as a formidable commander.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 29.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I hope that when we meet again, we can continue these sit-down discussions... Settling our differences on the battlefield is rather taxing.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 30.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I think we can leave things there for today. Once I get back, I will conduct a thorough investigation into the Tenryou Commission's internal issues.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 16.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I should inform you that we took out a Fatui camp recently. I suspect that before long, they will attempt to reestablish contact with your people in the hope of procuring some assistance.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 17.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I recommend you say and do nothing on the matter for the time being, lest you tip them off and they disappear. Wait for them to come to you. That way, you can capture them all in one fell swoop.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 31.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I will bear this in mind. Thank you.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kujousara 32.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I shall take my leave now. Until we meet again.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 tadakatsu 03.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Your Excellency, we&mdash;
:{{A|vo xhlq005 2 kokomi 18.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Let's discuss it after we get back.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Unexpectedly, the reckless actions of the troops have somehow sped the peace process along instead. Upon your return to Watatsumi Island, Kokomi pronounces how they will be dealt with...}}
;(Return to Watatsumi and convince the troops together with Kokomi)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 01.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Your Excellency, y&mdash;you knew...?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I have already been informed on the reasons for your actions.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' You believe the Tenryou Commission to be untrustworthy, and sought to sabotage the peace talks and re-ignite the war.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Fortunately, the end result exposed and thwarted a secret Tenryou Commission plot. Yet this was purely incidental, and the ends certainly did not justify your means.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 02.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' But Your Excellency, so many comrades have sacrificed themselves in the line of duty. If we stop now, aren't all of our efforts going to waste?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 03.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' I want to keep fighting! I want ultimate victory, even if it means I have to pay the ultimate price!
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I understand your sentiments... but you cannot simply impose your will and expect others to bear the consequences.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' During the war, there were highs and there were lows, and in the end there was a glorious victory. For you, perhaps the experience was one of great excitement.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But you saw nothing of the countless others who will remember the war quite differently. Most people suffered terribly through each day.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Watatsumi Island's people yearn for peace because they have long since given all they had to the war effort. They are tired of treading water, and don't need you dragging them back underneath once again.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 04.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Wait a minute! I... But...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I understand, I do. And the fault is not yours alone.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It was largely an oversight on my part: I taught you to nurture a warrior's will, but never how to let it go.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 05.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' It's not your fault, Your Excellency! It was ours... our selfishness.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 06.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Either way, we are ready to accept sentencing under martial law.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Very well. Then I hereby declare...
;(Kokomi gives a long pause)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' ... that as of today, I am founding a new Secret Corps of the army. This division will be responsible for keeping Watatsumi Island safe and secure, neutralizing any and all threats to the peace of our island.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' You and your comrades will all be welcome to join &mdash; but be warned, the training will be grueling. Perseverance and grit will be in high demand.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 07.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Your Excellency... wh&mdash;what are you saying?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I have concluded from today's peace talks that the [[Kujou Clan]] cannot achieve absolute peace and stability in the near future. Many seek peace, but there are still those who pursue war.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It is right that Watatsumi Island moves towards peace, but we must still retain a defensive capacity. Those whose warrior's will is alive and well, I invite you to embark on the most challenging training regimen of your lives.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 15.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I don't want to hear from any of you again until all of you can take on two Shogunate Samurai at a time!
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 08.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' ...Thank you, Your Excellency!
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 16.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Alright, dismissed. Go and report to General [[Gorou]]. And remember... there can be no more insubordination.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 17.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' And if there is... there will be no more leniency from me. Whatever reasons you may have.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 09.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' ...Yes, Ma'am. From now on, we will focus on our training.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 tadakatsu 10.ogg}} '''Tadakatsu:''' Thank you for this opportunity, Your Excellency. We'll report to General Gorou right away!

;(After the soldiers leave)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 18.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' *sigh* I think that's finally everything in hand.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 3 kokomi 19.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I can feel my energy levels starting to drop... Meet you back at the hideout for some rest?
----
{{Quest Description|update|How long till one's dreams can be achieved? Kokomi reveals her true feelings to you for the first time in front of her secret base.}}
;(Talk to Kokomi near the secret base)
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Thank you for everything. With your help, peace has been restored on Watatsumi Island once more.
:{{DIcon}} How're your energy levels?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Recovering, slowly but surely... I should be raring to go before too long.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Today was a reminder that I don't cope well in situations with lots of people. I've improved, but I still get nervous when more than a handful of people are involved.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I think I might get Gorou to handle the negotiations next time...
:{{DIcon}} You did an admirable job.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' ...Do you think so?
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' *sigh* To be honest, I'm still a long way off what's expected of a Divine Priestess.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' In the past, I was concerned only with winning the war, restoring peace, and making sure everyone could live a happy life.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But I realize now that wasn't going far enough. People have all kinds of aspirations, and just as many measures of happiness.
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I have a long way to go. But that's okay. If I can't make the journey in one giant leap, I'll just have to settle for taking it one small step at a time...
:{{A|vo xhlq005 4 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' In short... I've still got some maturing to do. Mm... Could you... stay here on Watatsumi Island? To keep me company for a while longer?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = New Beginning
|zhs     = 新的开始
|zhs_rm  = Xīn de Kāishǐ
|zht     = 新的開始
|zht_rm  = Xīn de Kāishǐ
|zh_tl   = New Beginning
|ja      = 新たな始まり
|ja_rm   = Aratana Hajimari
|ja_tl   = New Beginning
|ko      = 새로운 시작
|ko_rm   = Saeroun Sijak
|ko_tl   = New Beginning
|es      = Un nuevo comienzo
|es_tl   = A New Beginning
|fr      = Un nouveau commencement
|fr_tl   = A New Beginning
|ru      = Новое начало
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การเริ่มต้นใหม่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = New Beginning
|vi      = Sự {{tt|Khởi Đầu|起头}} Mới
|vi_tl   = New Beginning
|de      = Neubeginn
|de_tl   = New Beginning
|id      = Awal yang Baru
|id_tl   = New Beginning
|pt      = Um Novo Começo
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}