{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22111
|image         = Adventurers' Guild Liyue.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = Mondstadt's [[Katheryne]] asks the Traveler to mail her letter to the Katheryne stationed in Liyue. After doing so, commissions in Liyue are unlocked.
|requirement   = Complete [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 350
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Mondstadt Shrine of Depths Key|1}}
|characters    = Traveler; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Katheryne (Liyue)
}}

'''New Horizons of Adventure''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]. Completing this quest unlocks [[Commissions]] in Liyue.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Katheryne]] in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]]
#*The player obtains [[Katheryne's Letter]]
#Talk to Katheryne in [[Liyue Harbor]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Looks like Katheryne has something to tell you...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne in Mondstadt)
:{{DIcon}} Any new Commissions?
:'''Katheryne''': Greetings, Adventurer. The tales of your deeds are now known to all in Mondstadt.
:'''Katheryne''': Continue in this fashion and you are destined to become one of the great Adventurers of our age.
:{{DIcon}} Got anything for me to do?
::'''Katheryne''': If you wish to become a great Adventurer, there comes a time when you must move beyond the places you know.
::'''Katheryne''': Now you have amassed such a wealth of adventuring experience, perhaps it is time for you to explore somewhere new.
:{{DIcon}} But Mondstadt is all I know...
::'''Katheryne''': That is because your adventures this far have all been limited to the Mondstadt area.
::'''Katheryne''': But all that is about to change. Soon, you will be able to venture into the world beyond.
:'''Katheryne''': Take this letter and deliver it to Liyue Katherine.
:{{DIcon}} ...There's a Katheryne in Liyue too?
::'''Katheryne''': Yes. I'm sure you will have no trouble finding her.
:{{DIcon}} Should I call you "Mondstadt Katheryne" in future, then?
::'''Katheryne''': If it helps advance your adventuring career, call me whatever you like.
:'''Katheryne''': Anyway, once Liyue Katheryne has this letter, she will be your point of contact there for all your adventuring needs.
:'''Katheryne''': Of course, whenever you are back in Mondstadt I will still be delighted to be of service.
:'''Katheryne''': I would ask that you refrain from opening the letter en route. If anything were to fall out, it could cause complications.
:'''Katheryne''': Adventurer! The time has come for you to take the next step towards the stars and the abyss. Ad astra abyssosque!

----

;(Talk to Katheryne in Liyue)
:'''Katheryne''': Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{DIcon}} I suspect this is for you...
:'''Katheryne''': A letter? For me? Oh... So, you're an Adventurer from Mondstadt?
:'''Katheryne''': What's this &mdash; a Dandelion? Why is there a Dandelion in the envelope?
:'''Katheryne''': Adventurer, did you place a Dandelion in this envelope to try and prove you are from Mondstadt?
:'''Katheryne''': There's really no need. There is more than enough information contained in this letter to establish your identity and background.
:{{DIcon}} It wasn't me.
::'''Katheryne''': Not that it really matters, of course.
:{{DIcon}} I bet it was Katheryne...
::'''Katheryne''': Katheryne? ...Oh, you must mean Mondstadt Katheryne.
::'''Katheryne''': Why did she put a Dandelion in with the letter? Very odd... A Dandelion isn't much use to an Adventurer, now, is it?
::'''Katheryne''': Not that it really matters, of course.
:'''Katheryne''': This letter from the Mondstadt Aventurers' Guild says that you are a highly experienced Adventurer.
:'''Katheryne''': If that's true, I'm sure you are ready to take on Commissions from the Liyue Adventurers' Guild.
:'''Katheryne''': A whole new world of wild adventure awaits you. Ad astra abyssosque!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = mA9WNsOr9rA
|caption1 = New Horizons of Adventure
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = New Horizons of Adventure
|zhs     = 冒险要朝着远方
|zhs_rm  = Màoxiǎn Yào Cháozhe Yuǎnfāng
|zht     = 冒險要朝著遠方
|zht_rm  = Màoxiǎn Yào Cháozhe Yuǎnfāng
|zh_tl   = Adventuring Must Head Towards Distant Places
|ja      = 冒険は遠いところを目指す
|ja_rm   = Bouken wa Tooi Tokoro wo Mezasu
|ja_tl   = Adventures Aim at Far Places
|ko      = 모험은 먼~ 곳으로
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El aventurero avanza al horizonte
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Hors des sentiers battus
|fr_tl   = Off the Beaten Track
|ru      = Новые горизонты приключений
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การผจญภัยนั้นต้องมุ่งสู่แดนไกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mạo Hiểm Phải Đến Nơi Xa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Abenteuer in der Ferne
|de_tl   = Adventure in the Distance
|id      = Cakrawala Petualangan Baru
|id_tl   = New Adventure Horizons
|pt      = Novos Horizontes de Aventura
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
[[pt-br:Novos Horizontes de Aventura]]