{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12033
|image         = Story Quest New Shoots from Old Branches.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Cypressus Custos Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = The Firmiana Leaf Falls
|character     = Kamisato Ayato
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Complete Archon Quest [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
* Complete Story Quest [[Reflections of Mortality]]
* Complete World Quest [[Chisato's Letter]]
* Spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          =
|next          = The Truth Is Also a Lie
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*650;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Hisashi; Hishida; Hiiragi Chisato; Ippei; Kamisato Ayato; Kujou Kamaji; Matsuura; Paimon; Shinnojou; Thoma; Tomoki; Traveler; Yagi; Yokoyama
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''New Shoots from Old Branches''' is the first part of {{Quest|The Firmiana Leaf Falls}}.

==Steps==
# Hit the [[Inazuma City]] streets
# Meet [[Kamisato Ayaka|Ayaka]] at the [[Kamisato Estate]]
# Enter the [[Yashiro Commission Headquarters]]
# Report back to [[Ippei]] and [[Shinnojou]]
# Go to the Kujou Estate and talk to [[Kujou Kamaji]]
# Talk to [[Kamisato Ayato]]
# Go to the Hiiragi Estate in [[Ritou]]
# Talk to members of the [[Kanjou Commission]]
# Kill some time in Ritou
# Meet [[Hiiragi Chisato]]
# Leave the Hiiragi Estate and go over what you know

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you and Paimon pass by [[Ogura Textiles & Kimonos]], you bump into two rather familiar people...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Hit the Inazuma City streets)

;(Talk to Ippei and Shinnojou)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? Those two look familiar...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, it's Ippei and Shinnojou!
:{{DIcon}} So it is!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, guess they must be good friends, huh?
::{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 03a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go say hi.
:{{DIcon}} Remind me who they are again?
::{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? You forgot already?
::{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 03b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That one is Shinnojou. Back when we first arrived in Inazuma, we escorted Hiiragi Chisato out of Ritou with him. Remember? That's how we got out.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 03b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Next to him is Ippei, Kujou Kamaji's servant. That day when we hung out with [[Ei]], he came and told us that Kujou Kamaji had gone missing. He was really worried.
::{{DIcon}} Good memory.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 03b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, all part of Paimon's job as your guide.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 03b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go say hi.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi, Ippei! Hi, Shinnojou! What are you guys doing here?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Oh! It's you! Thanks so much for your help last time.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 02.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' I was just ordering some clothes when I ran into him.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' You know these two as well?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 03b.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Yes. They helped me and Master Kamaji out a great deal last time. I've never had the chance to say thank you properly.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 04.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' What about you? How do you know them?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 02b.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Also a chance encounter. Our Lady had them join us as additional guards for a goods escort in order to sneak out of Ritou undetected.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we all know each other, huh! What a coincidence!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 05.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Ah, not exactly. We've only just met. We both came here to order some clothes and got to chatting.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 06.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Somehow we ended up on the topic of Master Kamaji and Lady Hiiragi's relationship... Wait... it's okay to talk about that, right?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 03.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' It's probably fine. They've known about it for a long time already.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Paimon remembers those two had a thing. In fact, that was why Chisato wanted us to deliver a letter!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's old news though, so why's it come up now? Are they... taking the next step, or something?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 07.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' We have reason to suspect that they'll be getting married soon.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! That's great! They can finally make it official!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 08.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Of course, this is just personal speculation. They haven't announced anything, and we wouldn't dare to ask...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 04.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' I was instructed to place an order for some formal wear for a big banquet. Turns out that Ippei received the exact same instructions as I did.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 09.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' They're both preparing for a banquet at the same time, they're both purchasing the kind of fine wine and confectionery normally reserved for big festivals... It's hard not to put two and two together.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 05.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Lady Hiiragi has been in high spirits recently, and I heard she's on a diet as well... Surely it's all for the wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is wonderful news! But, um...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 06.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 07.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Oh, don't mind me. She's about to be happily married to the love of her life. I genuinely couldn't be happier for her.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 10.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Right? I think so, too, it's fantastic!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 08.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Yes, but we shouldn't let ourselves get overexcited. What if it's all a big misunderstanding? As things stand, we have no actual proof of a wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 09.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Now, if they sent me out to deliver wedding invitations, that would be a different story...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shinnojou doesn't look like he's taking this very well at all.
:{{DIcon}} You seem upset.
:{{DIcon}} You seem down.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 10.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' ...Sorry. I just... haven't slept well recently.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 11.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' I'm ashamed to be so out of sorts at work. I'm not living up to my responsibilities, either to the Kanjou Commission or to my lady...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 11.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Are you worried about their wedding?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 12.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Not exactly, it's just... everything feels kind of up in the air until they make it official.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 12.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' I get what you mean, I really do! We need this wedding to be set in stone before the celebrations can really begin!
:{{DIcon}} (Actually, you don't get what he means at all...)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do? Shall we just... straight up ask them?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 ippei 13.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' I don't know, that seems a bit rude...
:{{DIcon}} Well, since this is a wedding between two Commissions...
:{{DIcon}} The [[Yashiro Commission]] oversees wedding ceremonies. They'll know something.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! If Ayaka knows about it, that means it's a sure thing!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 13.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' I... I don't think it's a good idea to bother the Yashiro Commission about this...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 13a.ogg}} {{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 13b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, it's fine. {{Traveler}} and Ayaka are practically best buds. There's nothing to worry about!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 shinnojou 14.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' I see... Then, thank you, thank you very much. Having a definite answer will stop my thoughts from running wild.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go to the Kamisato Estate!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You hear from Ippei and Shinnojou that Kujou Kamaji and Hiiragi Chisato may be married soon. To help Shinnojou confirm this, you head to the Kamisato Estate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Arrive at the Kamisato Estate)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 2 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' This place impresses me every time I come here. It's so magnificent but still so elegant.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 2 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' We'll just wait here. We don't want to cause any extra trouble for you.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayaka wouldn't mind!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 2 ippei 02.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Honestly, even if we did come with you, we wouldn't know what to say or do once we were inside... Hehe, so we'll just leave you to it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then. We won't be long.

;(Talk to Ippei or Shinnojou again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Not to pry, but it seems like there's something on your mind. Do you want to talk about it?
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' It's nothing. I just didn't sleep well, that's all. Really, I'm fine.

;(Enter the Yashiro Commission Headquarters)
{{Cutscene Description|[[Thoma]] is studying the chessboard, thinking deeply...}}
;(A short cutscene plays)
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Without looking at the board, you've ruined my strategy in one move. Amazing
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hmm... Now what should I do next...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayaka, Thoma, it's us!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hey guys! It's been a while
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you're looking for milady, I'm afraid... she's not here right now
::'''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh?
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' That voice... Thoma, would that happen to be the Traveler?
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yes
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Greetings, Traveler. Ayaka speaks of you constantly. Finally, today is the day
:;{{Color|menu|A new player arises from behind the curtain.}}
::{{A|vo lrlq001 cs ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I am head of the [[Kamisato Clan]], and Yashiro Commissioner &mdash; Kamisato Ayato

;(Talk to Thoma and Kamisato Ayato)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Greetings, both. I have long been indebted to you on my sister's behalf. Finally, I have the chance to express my profoundest gratitude to you in person.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ayaka is out today. If you are here regarding anything related to the Kamisato Clan, you are quite welcome to discuss it with me instead.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh... hi... Your flattering words... flatter us. Um, please excuse the sudden... -ness of our visit, for it is most improper etiquette...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hahaha, why on earth are you talking like that?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, he seems like a pretty powerful person... He's already working his way up Paimon's list of people to never mess with...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! As soon as he stands up, the whole atmosphere in the room changes and it feels like you've gotta be super polite!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Haha, you shower me with praise undeserved, my little guest.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' There is no need to be quite so formal. This is a private residence, so please relax.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, good! 'Cause that whole spiel was really tiring just now! Alright, now that that's over, Paimon's just gonna ask the question.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon goes from polite to presumptuous in a split-second.
:{{DIcon}} So adaptable, Paimon.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We heard a rumor that Kujou Kamaji and Hiiragi Chisato are gonna get married soon. Do you know anything about that?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh? I wouldn't have thought you'd heard about that yet.
:{{DIcon}} As it happens, we've crossed paths with them before.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I see... Well, it's true. It wasn't long ago that I received the news myself.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The head clans of two Commissions are to become joined through marriage. This is big news, for the whole of Inazuma.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Since the Yashiro Commission presides over cultural and ceremonial affairs, it closely involves us, too.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yes. And since the commissions are kind of the face of the Almighty Shogun to the masses, this wedding is one that we have to treat as a serious affair.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, makes sense.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, two true lovers becoming husband and wife. What a happy occasion!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It is. High-profile matrimonial links between two commissions are extremely rare, but these two truly love each other. Tradition should give way to freedom in this case.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright then. I'll be sure to pay them a visit to send the best wishes of the Kamisato Clan.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' No need. I'll visit them personally this time.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Huh? But you have other things to be doing...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This is a marriage between the [[Kujou Clan]] and the [[Hiiragi Clan]]. The Kamisato Clan must demonstrate an appropriate level of respect.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The work of the Yashiro Commission is indeed multifarious. Normally, weddings and other ceremonies would come under the supervision of my sister.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But she is presently occupied with other matters, and I happen to have a little time to spare. This will be a good chance for me to pay a visit to the bride and groom.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh &mdash; and would you two care to join me?
:{{DIcon}} You mean us?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I presume you two have a special connection with the individuals in question, or you would not be quite so interested in this matter.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This being the case, why not come and offer your best wishes too? Or... is my presumption incorrect?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's not as interesting as you make it sound... No special connections here. Super-ordinary ones, actually.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just agreed to help deliver a letter this one time, that's all... Although, wait... does that mean we helped make this wedding happen!?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, don't overestimate your contribution here.
:{{DIcon}} Romantic relationships are determined by fate.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, alright then...
:{{DIcon}} But still. Let's go see them.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I cannot thank you enough. Your mere presence shall surely mean we are spared the futile pursuit known as small talk.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're the Yashiro Commissioner, but you can't do small talk?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ahaha... small talk is a chore. Of course, there are some people in the world who quite enjoy doing chores... but I am not one of them.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Thoma, I'm heading out with my two guests now. I'll leave the residence in your capable hands.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 4 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Not a problem. Take care, my lord.

;(Talk to Thoma again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' What's wrong? Are you worried about having to be on your best behavior around my lord? Hahaha, don't be nervous. He's actually pretty easy to get along with.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well... the vast majority of the time, at least...

;(Observe chessboard)
:'''Observe Chessboard:''' (The state of the chess game remains unfinished, though Thoma seems to be at a slight disadvantage.)
:'''Observe Chessboard:''' (Kamisato Ayato did not look at the board the entire time... Can he really remember the whole board, right down to the last tile?)
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|It seems that this marriage between the two Commissions is a real thing. Ayato invites you and Paimon to go with him to send well-wishes...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Report back to Ippei and Shinnojou)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Ahh, you're finally&mdash;
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Ah! Yashiro Commissioner!?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hmm? Who are these two?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're friends of ours. Paimon will do the introductions!
:{{Black Screen|You introduce your companions to Ayato and update Ippei and Shinnojou on the situation.}}
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 shinnojou 02.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' So it's true...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 shinnojou 03.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Well, there we have it... That's it, then. So be it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 ippei 02.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Great! So our hunch was spot on!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It is a little inappropriate for me to have shared news of this magnitude with you. So I would be much obliged if you could keep it in strict confidence until an official public announcement is made.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 ippei 03.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Don't worry, Sir. We... we give you our word, we won't tell anyone about it!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' That puts my mind at ease. Now, on the topic, we'd like to pay a visit to the Kujou Clan. Would you mind leading the way for us?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 ippei 04.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Of course not. I'd be honored!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 shinnojou 04.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' I guess this is where I... Goodbye, then...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cheer up, Shinnojou!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 6 shinnojou 05.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' I'll try. Thank you.

----
;(Go to the Kujou Estate and talk to Kujou Kamaji)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Alright then. Please excuse me, I'll leave you to it from here.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Okay. Thanks, Ippei.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I apologize that your impromptu visit comes at a busy time for us, Commissioner. Otherwise, you can be sure that we would've prepared a more extravagant reception.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I don't mean to impose, Sir Kujou. In fact, I'm not here on official business at all.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I heard the good news about yourself and Lady Hiiragi. What a glorious marital alliance this shall be. Given the close ties between our clans, it seemed only right that I should come and offer the Kamisato Clan's congratulations in person.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I'm truly honored. I hope the news didn't come as too much of a surprise...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there! We came to congratulate you as well!
:{{DIcon}} How have you been?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Since the incident with the [[Takatsukasa Clan]], things in the [[Tenryou Commission]] have slowly started to stabilize.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I'm still acclimating to the position of acting head of the Clan. I just hope I'm up to the task, so I can live up to everyone's expectations.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You're far too modest. The public thinks very highly of you. They say you're hard-working, upright, and responsible.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I'm flattered, but I wouldn't have achieved anything without the support of my people. Thanks to them, everything is gradually stabilizing, and I've finally had the chance to focus a little on my personal life.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, well you're certainly making big progress in that department!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like it was worth sending that letter.
:{{DIcon}} You must be a smooth operator.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Hehe, come on now. You're embarrassing me...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Ah! Pardon me, I, um...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's perfectly alright. Please, continue. I'm quite content to listen.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's a joyous occasion. Light-hearted is exactly how things should be. Really, who stays stony-faced when talking about a wedding?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' You're right.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' But I am curious to know &mdash; what's your honest opinion on the whole thing? Do you think it's... too sudden?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Haha, of course not. Where there is true love, nothing should be allowed to stand in its way.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' No doubt people will offer you a colorful variety of opinions. But of course, you will have factored this into your decision, and I'm sure you are prepared for whatever challenges may lie ahead.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Indeed I am.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' So, please be confident. When your mind is made up, you ought not be worried about things for which you are already well-prepared.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Nevertheless, there is just one small aspect of this that puzzles me a little...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Please go ahead.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You've been working hard to bring the Tenryou Commission in line. This is positive, and no doubt the beginning of an important change. But on the other side of this equation, Lady Hiiragi's father, [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]], is still in prison.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If you choose now, of all moments, to announce a marriage between the Hiiragi and Kujou Clans, the kinds of rumors that may begin to spread, both among the general public and in the Kanjou Commission, are not likely to be in either of your best interests.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Yeah...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Couldn't have put it better myself, Sir Kamisato. This has been my biggest concern for quite a while now.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Hiiragi Shinsuke is firmly against me having any contact at all with Chisato. In the past, we've always had to communicate in secret, by sending letters.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' So although now may not look like the best timing for this marriage, it may well be the only opportunity we have.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Oh! That guy! Yeah, he acts like this sweet old man, but he was determined to make as much trouble for us as possible! Oh, he is the worst...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I can see where you're coming from. But you're only postponing the problem, not solving it. You will still have to face it sooner or later.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 17.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' *sigh* Yes, I'm well aware of that. But since Chisato had the courage to ask me to marry her in spite of everything, how can I disappoint her?
:{{DIcon}} Oh... so she proposed to you?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 18.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Well, sort of... She raised the idea in a letter, and after some initial hesitation, I went to meet her and have a serious conversation about our future.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 19.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' It's funny, actually, because when I formally proposed to her in person, she denied having ever written that letter... Ah, so coy...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? ...Really?
:{{DIcon}} I guess she's just pretty shy?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe she prefers things to be more implicit?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 20.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' She didn't say, she just acted confused by the whole thing. She really committed to it. I'll never forget the look on her face.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 21.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Anyway, as her boyfriend, I knew she was just pretending. So, I played along and said "Ah, I was only joking about the letter"... Then, I proposed.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 22.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' After making some disgruntled noises about me making a stupid joke, she blushed and said yes. We spent that afternoon working through all the details of the wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Okay. So you discussed it and decided on a date.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 23.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' We did. I guess... it was a chance to finally express our commitment to one another, clearly and completely.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 24.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' And you know what? I think it was about time.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 25.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' No matter what happens next... I will always be there for her as the one person she can always rely on.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh, gimme a break...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, but Paimon's been wanting to say this the whole time! Is it just this dude, or does everyone in love act like this? He just won't stop talking!
:{{DIcon}} Nothing can stop him from sharing his love story...
:{{DIcon}} I think he can't help it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 26.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Ah...!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 27.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Apologies, my friends, and also to Sir Kamisato... I must sound like a fool.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Far from it. On the contrary, seeing you so positively smitten puts my mind at rest.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' No surer evidence could there be of your true feelings and your commitment. If I had any reservations before, I certainly don't now.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I wish you a joyous wedding when the day comes.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, even if it's kinda irritating to see you all smug like this, it's still a happy occasion. Good luck on the day, and have a happy wedding!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 28.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Thank you all, it means a lot.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' We have some other business to attend to now. Until next time.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 7 kujoukamaji 29.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Very well. I'll see you out.
:{{Black Screen|You part ways with Kujou Kamaji. Kamisato Ayato seems to have some more to say to you}}
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He seems busy. That must be true for anyone about to get married, right? It's a happy kind of busy, though.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You're right. Kujou Kamaji is on cloud nine.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' What do you think, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} He seems genuinely happy, but...
:{{DIcon}} ...I'm bothered by how the whole thing began.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' He chalked it up to her being coy, but... that doesn't sound like the Hiiragi Chisato I know.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It bothers me also. But unfortunately, attempting to seek the truth of the matter would likely be fruitless.
:{{DIcon}} How so?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, how come? Whenever we come across stuff like this on our adventures, we always find a way to get to the bottom of it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I see. So that's how adventurers think.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' In my opinion, we face two obstacles in this case. Firstly, we have very little information to go on, and I must be cautious about taking a stance. This makes it difficult to investigate.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Secondly, and more importantly, the person involved doesn't seem to care.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If we intervene without his blessing, good intentions may lead to catastrophic results.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You do have a point... Kamaji doesn't seem worried at all.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Everything in the world is intertwined. What looks like a simple outcome is often the result of multiple conflating reasons.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Seeking the full truth would be a long and laborious process. It would be inefficient.
:{{DIcon}} Speaking from experience?
:{{DIcon}} Been here before?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Sort of. I have to take this approach, or the work of the Yashiro Commissioner would never be done.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' My opinion is something like this: When something strange happens, instead of trying to find out what could have caused it, it is better to look at the situation itself.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If the outcome is positive, and no one was deceived or harmed in the process, then it is acceptable.
:{{DIcon}} But...
:{{DIcon}} Are there really no negative consequences to this?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' We don't know yet. After all, we don't know what Hiiragi Chisato's thoughts are, do we?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I have to say, I'm impressed by your ability to zero in on the issue from such a short meeting. Most insightful of you. You are thorough and thoughtful, just as my sister describes.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But... Chisato and Kamaji have already talked everything through, haven't they?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Only if we are to take Kujou Kamaji at his word. But there are two sides to every story.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I wish to know Hiiragi Chisato's angle on this.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Makes sense, but Paimon still doesn't quite get it...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Don't worry about it. I was planning to visit the Hiiragi Clan to deliver my best wishes anyway. Let's take the opportunity to hear her thoughts.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If she's as committed as Kujou Kamaji, perhaps they can navigate the challenges ahead successfully. But if not...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 9 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' ...Well, life isn't always a smooth journey.

;(Talk to Kujou Kamaji again &mdash; optional, if the player re-enters the Tenryou Commission Headquarters)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I know it's not an easy path ahead, but this is my responsibility.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I need to give her a reason to be confident in me.

----
;(Go to the Hiiragi Estate in Ritou)

;(Talk to [[Tomoki]] before talking to the Kanjou Commission members &mdash; optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Ah, it's you two! Seems like you're always showing up with a VIP in tow.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' I got my license and I'm doing a soft opening today. Wanna try out my latest creative drink?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little busy right now...
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 tomoki 03.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Okay sure. Well, feel free to swing by later if you're free.

;(Talk to members of the Kanjou Commission)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 matsuura 01.ogg}} '''[[Matsuura]]:''' There is still much to prepare for the wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 matsuura 02.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Should we also invite some prominent business leaders who frequently visit Ritou?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 hishida 01.ogg}} '''[[Hishida]]:''' At the very least we should send them invitations.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 matsuura 03.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I agree... Ah, hello there, Yashiro Commissioner.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 yagi 01.ogg}} '''[[Yagi]]:''' To what do we owe the honor on this fine day?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' As it happens, I'm here regarding the same wedding I believe I heard you discussing just now. I come bearing the felicitations of the Kamisato Clan.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Would Lady Hiiragi happen to be available at this moment?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 matsuura 04.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Our lady is entertaining guests right now, and we're not entirely sure how long she will be.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 hishida 02.ogg}} '''Hishida:''' But please, do come in. We will arrange some tea and snacks for you and your attendants.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon is not an attendant!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You misunderstand. These two are dear friends.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe, you're too kind...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' We don't wish to impose. We'll just wander around in the general area.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Apologies for the interruption while you're busy with preparations. Please let us know once Lady Hiiragi is available.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 matsuura 05.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Nonsense, Commissioner, no imposition at all. This wedding is a joyful occasion, and all the other clans who serve the Hiiragi Clan are most delighted for them indeed.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 matsuura 06.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' We're merely doing the best we can to make this wedding as grand an affair as possible.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 hishida 03.ogg}} '''Hishida:''' When the time comes, we'll invite everyone in the clan and even the general public to attend.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' That sounds splendid.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' We'll leave you to it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 10 yagi 02.ogg}} '''Yagi:''' Take care, Commissioner.

;(After the conversation ends)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like you guys talked a lot without actually saying anything...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 12 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hence why I dislike small talk.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 12 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Our timing was not ideal, but never mind. I spotted a stall on our way over where we can pass the time.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 12 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The owner always manages to come up with novel ideas. I'm one of his regular customers.

;(Talk to Hishida, Matsuura, or Yagi again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 matsuura 01.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Now, where were we again? Ah yes, invitations...
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 hishida 01.ogg}} '''Hishida:''' My family can take charge of that. We have a lot of written correspondence with them already.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 matsuura 02.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Sounds sensible to me. Then, thank you.

----
;(Talk to Tomoki while killing some time in Ritou)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's Tomoki!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 15 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Ah, it's you! Good to see you again.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 15 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Seems like you're always showing up with a VIP in tow.
;(If the player talked to Tomoki before talking to the Kanjou Commission members)
::{{A|vo lrlq001 16 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I meant to ask earlier &mdash; do you know the owner here as well?
;(If the player did not talk to Tomoki)
::{{A|vo lrlq001 15 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh? So you know the owner as well?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! We tried his [[Dango Milk]] a while back with the Almighty Shogun in Inazuma City.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah, I see... So you were involved in that...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I'd caught wind of this Dango Milk, but I didn't know that it had anything to do with you two.
:{{DIcon}} It was a twist of fate.
:{{DIcon}} It was unexpected, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I always order one of his creative drinks whenever I pass the stall. The flavor is always new and interesting.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' When I noticed he'd set up shop in Ritou, I simply had to come by.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Ah, thanks to you all, my business is finally beginning to take off. More and more people are willing to give my creative cuisine a shot.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' It gave me the confidence to decide that I'm gonna stick to creative cuisine from now on.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 03.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' On the one hand, I wanted more people to be able to try out my culinary creations. On the other hand, I wanted my customers to experience the joy of being creative, too.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 04.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' So, I gave it a lot of thought, and finally came up with an all-new business concept.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Sounds interesting. What is it this time?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 05.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' I've decided to give complete creative control to the customer. I offer all sorts of ingredients, and they pick and choose whatever they want to mix with their milk or tea.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 06.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' As well as Dango, I now offer Rice Cake, Purple Potato Balls, Black Sugar, and [[Sunsettia]].
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do they really all go well with milk...?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, hard to imagine. But... who knows &mdash; it could be delicious!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' What if I were to choose some ingredients you don't have here? Would that be okay?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 07.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Uhh, well... I guess so. Any novel ideas you have, Commissioner, please feel free to tell me. I'll go buy the ingredients right away.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 tomoki 08.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' The whole idea was to let my customers express their creativity freely. So of course, I shouldn't place restrictions on the ingredients if I can help it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Excellent. There are a few things I'd like to try...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' [[Lavender Melon]], [[Seagrass]], and [[Sea Ganoderma]].
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, what? You want to mix those with milk?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I do indeed &mdash; why, what's wrong?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You really think that's gonna turn out tasting good!?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's all about the experience &mdash; the taste is secondary. It's great to try new things.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 17 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Traveler? Any thoughts?
:{{DIcon}} Lavender Melon.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a risky choice. Are you sure...? Well, okay, Paimon will have the same as you...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 18 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Three Milks with Lavender Melon, please.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 18 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' No problem. Gimme a second, I'll have them ready in just a moment.
::{{Black Screen|After a short while, the "Creative Milk" is finally ready.}}
::{{A|vo lrlq001 18 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Here, your milk is ready. Give it a try!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, just as Paimon suspected. Raw Lavender Melon does not taste good!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 18 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I think it tastes alright. It makes me feel in touch with mother nature.
:{{DIcon}} Seagrass.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you serious? Uh... will Paimon seem like a scaredy-cat if she opts out of this one? Ugh, okay, Paimon'll have one, too...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 19 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Three Milks with Seagrass, please.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 19 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' No problem. Gimme a second, I'll have them ready in just a moment.
::{{Black Screen|After a short while, the "Creative Milk" is finally ready.}}
::{{A|vo lrlq001 19 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Here, your milk is ready. Give it a try!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Seagrass is stuck in the straw... Phew, this is so much work...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 19 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But it tastes alright. It captures the essence of the ocean.
:{{DIcon}} Sea Ganoderma.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't Paimon get a say in this? So this is peer pressure, huh? Well... Alright, then bring it on! Paimon can take it!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Three Milks with Sea Ganoderma, please.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' No problem. Gimme a second, I'll have them ready in just a moment.
::{{Black Screen|After a short while, the "Creative Milk" is finally ready.}}
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Here, your milk is ready. Give it a try!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Somehow, Paimon got it down eventually, but... ugh, Paimon feels light-headed...
::{{A|vo lrlq001 20 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I think it's alright. It has quite a fascinating texture.
:{{DIcon}} ...Let's go with Dango.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes! Dango! Dango will do nicely!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hmm. An ordinary choice, but there's nothing wrong with that.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Two Dango Milks, and one Milk with Lavender Melon, please.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' No problem. Gimme a second, I'll have them ready in just a moment.
::{{Black Screen|After a short while, the "Creative Milk" is finally ready.}}
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Here, your milk is ready. Give it a try!
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dango Milk tastes pretty good once you get used to it.
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about yours?
::{{A|vo lrlq001 21 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' A most memorable texture indeed. A success, I'd say.

:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your review seemed pretty positive. But Paimon still thinks there are better combinations...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Taste is your key concern, yes?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Obviously! Tasty food and drinks are some of life's most important pursuits.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Well said. If I could say the same was true for me, I believe I'd be a very content man.
:{{DIcon}} In other words, you have too many other things to worry about?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Yes. No one has unlimited energy, and I try to conserve mine for the things that really count. To create some mental breathing room, I try not to overthink the less-critical matters.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Having my sister attend public events in my stead and having Thoma as housekeeper has also been a great help, and allowed me to focus.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're just passing the time here though, right? Is there anything else to think about than what we're doing right now?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' One or two things.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Let's continue this discussion somewhere else.
;(The Traveler, Paimon, and Ayato step away from the stall)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I noticed something before we left the Hiiragi Clan's residence.
:{{DIcon}} You saw who Hiiragi Chisato was meeting?
:{{DIcon}} You overheard those guys talking about something?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' No, it was just a small detail. I was curious to know their thoughts on the wedding, so I asked them about it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Naturally, they responded that all other clans are happy for the Hiiragi Clan...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But that's not the truth.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hiiragi Shinsuke is still in prison, meaning the Kanjou Commission is the least stable in the [[Tri-Commission]].
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hiiragi Chisato is the sole remaining pillar of her clan, but now she plans to marry into the Kujou Clan. If I belonged to one of the assisting clans to the Hiiragis, I would not be feeling optimistic about the future.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But they didn't mention a word about that, they simply said they were delighted for them. These are not unintelligent people... I highly doubt it is because they simply do not realize.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, I guess it is a bit strange...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I imagine they didn't want to discuss family issues in front of outsiders. But still, the more I think back over that conversation, the more it doesn't sit right.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Keep a close eye on them, [[Hisashi]].
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 hisashi 01.ogg}} '''Hisashi:''' Yes, Sir.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where did you come from!?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This is one of my most trusted members of the [[Shuumatsuban]]. He's been quietly watching out for us this whole time.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 hisashi 02.ogg}} '''Hisashi:''' Merely doing my duty, Sir.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Keep a close watch on the clan representatives we met today.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 hisashi 03.ogg}} '''Hisashi:''' Well received. I'm on the case.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh, and I almost forgot. That milk I just had &mdash; please order one more and deliver it to Thoma.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 hisashi 04.ogg}} '''Hisashi:''' As you wish, Sir.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, poor Thoma!
:{{DIcon}} (Sorry, Thoma.)
:{{DIcon}} (Good luck, Thoma)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 yokoyama 01.ogg}} '''Yokoyama:''' Sir Kamisato, Lady Hiiragi's previous engagement is now concluded. She's waiting for you in the courtyard.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Thank you kindly.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 22 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Let's go and see Hiiragi Chisato.

;(Talk to Tomoki again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 tomoki 04.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Thanks for coming. Hope to see you again!
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 tomoki 05.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Maybe this whole "creativity" theme really will work out...

----
;(Meet Hiiragi Chisato)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi! Nice to see you again, Chisato!
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I heard that Sir Kamisato had brought some guests, but I didn't know it was you two.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's been a while, Lady Hiiragi. How have you been faring?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' This is a rare privilege, Sir Kamisato. It is not often that I have the chance to meet you, let alone here in the comfort of my own home. I'm doing very well indeed, thank you.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' You must be so busy. Thank you so much for taking the time to come and congratulate Kamaji and I, it really means a lot.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But of course. The Tri-Commission are the servants of the Shogun, and we should look out for one another. In fact, we visited Sir Kujou just now. It's clear that he's very much looking forward to the wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Perhaps his joy is infectious, for I am now feeling rather elated myself. I sincerely wish you a joyful wedding and a blissful marriage.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Thank you for your kind words.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' This was not an easy decision to make. We will both have to work harder from now on.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I'm sure the news will cause something of a stir. But come what may, we will stand as one and face whatever the future throws at us together.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like things are pretty tough for you, Chisato.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 07.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Yes... To be honest, I'm still a little nervous about it all...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 08.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' But Kamaji has been so supportive. His promises have comforted me a lot.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It sounds like you have some considerable reservations, Lady Hiiragi.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 09.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' ...Yes, well... There are so many things I need to consider.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 10.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' In case you were wondering, I was not actually entertaining VIPs just now. I was in fact meeting with one of the Kanjou Commission's officers, Shinnojou.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... really? Him?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 11.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Mm-hmm. He charged in all of a sudden and said that he had something very important to tell me.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 12.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' He didn't mince his words. Basically... he doesn't want me to marry Kamaji.
:{{DIcon}} ...He finally went there.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 13.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' He has always been a calm and contained person who never acts out of line. I was quite shocked to see him so agitated.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 14.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' But despite all that, what he was saying made a lot of sense. He thinks that now is a bad time for this wedding to happen.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 15.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' He pointed out that I am like the final pillar propping up my clan. If I marry into the Kujou Clan, that pillar is taken away. There will no longer be a voice of authority in the Hiiragi Clan, and it could be a disastrous move for my personal image, too...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just two families becoming one big family though, right? What's the big deal?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Traditionally, in Inazuma, clan affiliation influences every facet of life.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' After the wedding, Lady Hiiragi will belong to the Kujou Clan. The Kanjou Commission's attitude toward you may undergo some significant changes thereafter.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 16.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Precisely. This is a terrible thing to be saying, but... I'm starting to have second thoughts. Maybe I went along with it all too easily. Maybe I allowed myself to be pushed into this...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 17.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Ah! I'm so sorry, I can't believe I'm making my guests listen to me complaining...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' No problem at all. The Yashiro Commission has a duty to listen to you. Now that I've heard your concerns, I should offer to help you as best I can, for instance, by helping you gather your thoughts on the matter.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Now. We heard from Sir Kujou that his decision to tie the knot was prompted by a letter he received from you.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But we've also heard that you did not write that letter. Sir Kujou thought that perhaps you were just being coy... Oh dear, perhaps I should have kept that part to myself?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 18.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' ...What? But that was... It was just a prop in his playful proposal, wasn't it? It was clearly purpose-designed, what with all the fancy lettering, and so on...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' ...Fancy lettering, you say?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' So I am to understand that had it not been for this letter, you two may not have chosen this moment to be wed?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 19.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' When it comes down to it... Yes, I think so... Oh, do you mean to say that this letter is not what I thought it to be?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Sir Kujou maintains that the letter was penned by your hand.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 20.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Huh? But then... how did...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Either way, it's wonderful to see how much you both trust one another. In that sense, you could say that the origin of the letter is ultimately not of great importance.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Who knows, perhaps Sir Kujou was the one being coy. After all, he had no particular reason to be forthcoming with us about the details of his playful proposal.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 21.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' ...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 22.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I understand. As you say, ultimately, the origin of the letter doesn't matter.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 23.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' But my position does matter. Kamaji and I thought that we needn't worry about anything that lies ahead, because we can face it all together.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 24.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' But now, I... I think I should give it some more thought.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Marriage is the most important decision of your life. Don't let yourself regret it.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It is also part of the Yashiro Commission's job to help people through difficult times.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I say this as an advocate for you personally and for the Hiiragi Clan. Please do not be compelled by circumstances to make any decision that goes against your will.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' To be together with the one you love is a sacred thing. It is my earnest wish that both of you may enjoy a bright and beautiful future, not a bittersweet one.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 25.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I'll take to heart every word you have said to me... I can't thank you enough, Sir Kamisato. I'll think very carefully about your advice.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' All that matters is that you follow your heart. Since you'll be needing some time to think things over, we will excuse ourselves now.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 hiiragichisato 26.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Ah, wait! Let me see you out...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Thank you, Lady Hiiragi, but there will be no need.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 24 ayato 21.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Traveler, let's find somewhere to talk.

;(Talk to Hiiragi Chisato again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' What should I do...
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq001 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Oh, Kamaji...

----
;(Leave the Hiiragi Estate and go over what you know)
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hiiragi Chisato is on a totally different page than Kujou Kamaji...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayato, why did you give her such vague suggestions? Couldn't you just have told her what you'd do in her position? 'Cause Paimon's pretty sure you have an idea.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I've said everything I can, given the Yashiro Commission's stance. Interfering too much with other Commissions' domestic issues will only create trouble.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The more I think about it, the stranger this all seems, but Hiiragi Chisato has yet to see it. We must be vigilant.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange? In what way?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Someone wants Hiiragi Chisato to be married as soon as possible, and if my guess is right... it is someone from within the Kanjou Commission. This person is presumably also responsible for the mysterious and misleading letter.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Think about this: A lowly officer is greatly worried about Hiiragi Chisato's future, while the heads of the supporting clans ostensibly have no concerns at all. It doesn't add up.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' When someone's words and actions do not match, you need to infer their intentions from their behavior.
:{{DIcon}} So... is someone trying to get Hiiragi Chisato into trouble?
:{{DIcon}} So... is someone coveting Hiiragi Chisato's position?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Yes. It's a smart strategy. Far superior to the one adopted by the Tenryou Commission's Takatsukasa Clan.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Even had the forged letter failed and been seen for what it was, there would have been no repercussions. They could simply have explained it away as a misguided but well-meaning matchmaking attempt by a member of the family.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But if the letter were to achieve its goal, as it has so far... the perpetrator would successfully weaken the Hiiragi Clan without ever having to lift a finger against them, all under the guise of simply encouraging a wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' With Hiiragi Chisato having married into the Kujou Clan and the head of the Hiiragi Clan in prison, challenges to the Hiiragi Clan's leadership would begin to emerge throughout the ranks of the Kanjou Commission... Eventually, another clan would take the Hiiragi Clan's place.
:{{DIcon}} A reasonable theory. But it's just a theory.
:{{DIcon}} Unfortunately, there's no evidence.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Actually, we have evidence. His name is Shinnojou.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shinnojou?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' He should be back by now.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 hisashi 01.ogg}} '''Hisashi:''' Yes, Sir.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aah! That's the second time you've done that! Paimon cannot deal with this...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Did they take one of the Kanjou Commission officers away?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 hisashi 02.ogg}} '''Hisashi:''' Yes. His name is Shinnojou.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' As I expected.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' They cannot afford to let this opportunity pass them by. They have to act now, while the Hiiragi Clan is at its weakest.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hiiragi Chisato had been persuaded by Kujou Kamaji, and the wedding was sure to go ahead.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But after Chisato's meeting with Shinnojou, she began to have second thoughts. In their eyes, Officer Shinnojou has interfered with their plan.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why did they suspect him, and not us?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Someone was eavesdropping on our conversation with Chisato the entire time. That's why I was a little reserved.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* No way! Whew... lucky Paimon didn't say anything stupid.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! But Chisato got what you meant about the letter though, right?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I think so. But whoever is behind this will not allow their plan to fail now. They will not be inclined to respect Hiiragi Chisato's own wishes.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Her stance was so passive that she was easily manipulated... Treated like a pawn, with even her marriage becoming a battleground for political power play.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Despite all of this, she still believed that a happy future was awaiting her...
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 21.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' When she formally marries into the Kujou Clan, she will lose her title as daughter of the Hiiragi Clan, her position in the Kanjou Commission... and above all, her independence.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, marriage is such a trap...
:{{DIcon}} We've got to stop her.
:{{DIcon}} We can't let this evil plan come to fruition.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 22.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Easier said than done... The perpetrators are manipulating everything from the shadows, letting unsuspecting pawns do their work. This is what makes their approach so smart.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 23.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' We, meanwhile, are out in the open. If we attempt to stop this wedding from happening, we will become the villains of the story and face immense public backlash.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... so what're we gonna do?
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 24.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' At this stage, if the perpetrators wish to maintain control over the situation, their only option is to come out from the shadows and bare their fangs. I will wait for that moment to arrive.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 25.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But first things first, we must go and rescue Shinnojou. He has done nothing wrong, and does not deserve to be punished.
:{{A|vo lrlq001 26 ayato 26.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Tell me where Shinnojou is. We'll head off right now.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
Duplicate VOs
* {{A|vo lrlq001 14 ayato 01.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo lrlq001 14 ayato 02.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo lrlq001 14 ayato 03.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo lrlq001 14 paimon 01.ogg|1}}
-->

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = New Shoots from Old Branches
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Jizh Xny
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Jizh Xny
|zh_tl   = Old Branches, New Sprouts
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Kyuushi Shinme{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Old Branches, New Sprouts
|ko      =   
|ko_tl   = Old Branches and Sprouts
|es      = Nuevos retoos en viejas ramas
|es_tl   = New Shoots on Old Branches
|fr      = Nouvelles pousses sur de vieilles branches
|fr_tl   = New Shoots on Old Branches
|ru      =     
|ru_tl   = Young Sprouts on the Old Branch
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cy C Cnh Mi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Neue Triebe aus alten Zweigen
|de_tl   = New Shoots from Old Branches
|id      = Tunas Baru dari Cabang Lama
|id_tl   = New Shoots from Old Branches
|pt      = Novos Brotos em Galhos Velhos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Eski Dallardan Yeni Fideler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Nuovi germogli dai vecchi rami
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[es:Nuevos retoos en viejas ramas]]
[[pt-br:Novos Brotos em Galhos Velhos]]