{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23035
|image         = World Quest Next Time On King of Invokations.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete
* [[Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises]],
* [[King of Invokations]], and
* [[Sands of Solitude]]
|characters    = Cyno; Fukumoto (King of Invokations); Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
}}
'''Next Time, On King of Invokations''' is a [[World Quest]] in Sumeru.

It is unlocked after completing all the following:
* {{Quest|Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises}},
* {{Quest|King of Invokations}}, and
* {{Quest|Sands of Solitude}}.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Fukumoto (King of Invokations)|Fukumoto]]
# Meet up with Fukumoto at [[Puspa Cafe]]
# Talk to [[Cyno]]
# Take some pictures of Cyno

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be bothering the novelist, Fukumoto...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Fukumoto, optional)
:'''Fukumoto:''' (This novel's definitely gonna be a big hit!)

;(Talk to Fukumoto)
:'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh* I want to go back to Inazuma... How could this happen to me...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Got writer's block?
:'''Fukumoto:''' Traveler? *sigh* Don't even mention the novel. Those researchers working on Genius Invokation TCG are barely holding it together.
:'''Fukumoto:''' According to a researcher I know quite well, the team encountered all kinds of problems that could only be described as baffling...
:'''Fukumoto:''' For example, a Haravatat researcher suddenly asked a question one day.
:'''Fukumoto:''' He said that if the effect descriptions on the cards are too long, it might discourage people who aren't used to reading long blocks of text from playing the game.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Researchers are used to reading large chunks of text and aren't affected by this issue, but the long descriptions could very well turn potential players away.
:'''Fukumoto:''' So he suggested cutting the amount of text on some cards in half to make them easier to read.
:{{DIcon}} Is that really necessary?
:{{DIcon}} Is it really that long...?
:'''Fukumoto:''' It's not a problem to me... But the researchers are still working hard on this issue. After all, it's about the player's experience, and the fewer problems, the better.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Anyway... There's an even bigger problem. They promised to help me find models for my novel, but something went wrong with that, too.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Remember? I told you earlier about a researcher who said they'd introduce me to Tighnari and Cyno, and ask them to be the inspirations for my novel.
:'''Fukumoto:''' But they're so busy. I don't think I can count on them for a while...
:{{DIcon}} What will you do?
:{{DIcon}} How will you get in touch?
:'''Fukumoto:''' The researcher who received me was not able to help me with this, but he gave me an idea.
:'''Fukumoto:''' He said Cyno sometimes goes to Puspa Café to play cards.
:'''Fukumoto:''' If I want... I can try my luck there first. Or maybe they'll help me get in touch when they're free.
:{{DIcon}} And... what are your thoughts?
:'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh* By the time they're free, I'll have finished writing the novel.
:'''Fukumoto:''' I guess I'll go myself and see if I can find Cyno.
:'''Fukumoto:''' But if I'm lucky enough to meet Cyno at the café, how should I even introduce myself to him? What a dilemma...
:'''Fukumoto:''' But there hasn't been any update on Genius Invokation TCG, and Cyno can only be playing the old version.
:'''Fukumoto:''' *sigh* Can't this General Mahamatra find a way to keep the production team of Genius Invokation TCG in line...
:'''Fukumoto:''' But if I'm lucky enough to meet Cyno at the café, how should I even introduce myself to him? What a dilemma...
:{{DIcon}} I can help.
:{{DIcon}} I know Cyno pretty well.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Really!? That's amazing! But how did you... Uh, you know what? I'm not gonna pry further.
:'''Fukumoto:''' What are we waiting for then? Let's head to Puspa Café right now! Hope we'll be able to catch Cyno...
----
;(Talk to Fukumoto in Puspa Cafe)
:'''Fukumoto:''' Shh... I&mdash;Isn't that Cyno?
:'''Fukumoto:''' Look at his outfit, his hairstyle, and that hair color... This is exactly what a protagonist in a card game novel should look like!
:{{DIcon}} This has no rhyme nor reason...
::'''Fukumoto:''' Heh, just trust my instincts on the market. But now's not a good time to explain...
:{{DIcon}} I actually know quite a lot of people who can fit into this category...
::'''Fukumoto:''' Really? That's great. I'm working on the third book of "King of Invokations," and this time, I'm not going to base it on the gameplay mechanics of Genius Invokation TCG.
::'''Fukumoto:''' I'm going to create an all-new way of playing. For instance... I could get all cards to be suspended mid-air on the field. Players will have to collect cards as they consider their next move, all the while preventing their opponent from collecting cards themselves...
::'''Fukumoto:''' Hahaha! I'm getting excited just thinking about it! But we don't have time for this right now...
:'''Fukumoto:''' Traveler, please ask Cyno to be the model for my novel... I'm counting on you!

;(Talk to Cyno)
:'''Cyno:''' ...Hmm, this combination of cards isn't so bad.
:'''Cyno:''' But they're not strong enough to deal with quick attacks...
:{{DIcon}} What are you up to, Cyno?
:'''Cyno:''' (Traveler)? I didn't expect to see you here.
:'''Cyno:''' I'm in the middle of trying to build a Genius Invokation deck with a relatively slow attack speed.
:'''Cyno:''' I'm hoping that the deck would allow the player to obtain an abundance of resources and plenty of powerful cards...
:'''Cyno:''' But to be honest, it's hard to build a deck like that...
:'''Cyno:''' Currently, in the Genius Invokation TCG community, some players prefer to use cards with fast attack speeds.
:'''Cyno:''' At the beginning of the game, they play a large number of cards in one go in order to swiftly defeat their opponent.
:'''Cyno:''' But I'm no fan of this tactic. I prefer to continuously accumulate resources in different ways...
:'''Cyno:''' Seizing every possible opportunity, building up my advantage, and eventually securing the victory...
:'''Fukumoto:''' Yes, yes! Wonderful! You're just like the main character in my novel!
:'''Fukumoto:''' Sorry! Uh... I'm...
:{{DIcon}} This is Fukumoto.
:{{DIcon}} This is the author of "King of Invokations."
:'''Fukumoto:''' Hello, General Mahamatra. I don't suppose you've heard of me...
:'''Cyno:''' I've read your novel. It's very good.
:'''Fukumoto:''' I'm truly honored!
:'''Cyno:''' In the novel, every time the protagonist is at a disadvantage, he always manages to get a card that wasn't in his deck through various means, then defeats his opponent. This left a lasting impression on me.
:'''Cyno:''' I understand that writing novels require taking a creative license, but this way of winning is a departure from the fundamental mechanics of Genius Invokation TCG.
:'''Fukumoto:''' About that, well... Although I do play Genius Invokation TCG a lot, I'm not really good at it... And if you write about the duels with a competitive mindset, it wouldn't make for an interesting story.
:'''Cyno:''' Hmm, is that so? Well, as luck would have it, I've just built two decks of cards, so we can play a few rounds of Genius Invokation TCG here. Maybe you'll find some inspiration.
:{{DIcon}} (Now they are about to play cards...)
:{{DIcon}} (This guy simply wants to play cards...)
:'''Fukumoto:''' Eh? Playing with... with you? I'd love to, but the truth is...
:{{DIcon}} I'll explain.
:{{DIcon}} About Fukumoto's request...

:'''You tell Cyno about Fukumoto's request...'''

:'''Cyno:''' You're asking me to model for the illustrations in "King of Invokations"? That's certainly no problem.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Great! Traveler, quickly! Help me take some pictures!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Cyno, optional)
:'''Cyno:''' (Is he the novelist?)

;(Take a picture of Cyno)
:'''You take several pictures of Cyno very quickly...'''

:'''Fukumoto:''' This has been a big help. I'm sure Asagiri will make an excellent illustration!
:'''Fukumoto:''' Thank you very much, Cyno. I'll be sure to send you a copy of the novel as soon as it's published.
:'''Fukumoto:''' Uh, Cyno, the two decks you're holding are...?
:'''Cyno:''' Didn't you promise to play a few games of Genius Invokation TCG with me earlier?
:'''Fukumoto:''' Eh!? I&mdash;I'm not very good at it, so uh... Traveler! You're definitely better than me!
:{{DIcon}} I've never played before.
:{{DIcon}} You're better at this.
:'''Cyno:''' Then the matter is settled. Here, take this quick attack deck.
:'''Cyno:''' I'm going to use this relatively slower deck to see how I can deal with your attacks.
:'''Fukumoto:''' I'll do my best, Cyno...
;(Quest completes)

;(Talk to Fukumoto or Cyno)
:'''Fukumoto:''' Cyno, your play style is so... slow and deliberate...
:'''Cyno:''' It's just an intuitive strategy.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Next Time, On King of Invokations...
|zhs     = 《召唤王・下集！是…》
|zhs_rm  = "Zhàohuàn-wāng - Xiàjí! Shì..."
|zht     = 《召喚王・下集！是…》
|zht_rm  = "Zhàohuàn-wāng - Xiàjí! Shì..."
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 『召喚王・下！って…』
|ja_rm   =  "Shoukan Ou - Ge! Tte..."
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 《소환왕・하편!은 언제…》
|ko_rm   = "Sohwanwang - Hapyeon!eun Eonje..."
|ko_tl   = "Summon King - Last Volume!When..."
|es      = «Próximamente en El rey invocador»
|es_tl   = "Coming Soon on The Summoner King"
|fr      = La prochaine fois, dans « Le roi des invocations »...
|fr_tl   = Next Time in "The King of Invocations"...
|ru      = В следующей части «Короля заклинаний»...
|ru_tl   = In Next Part of "King of Invocations"...
|th      = [ราชานักอัญเชิญ - ตอนต่อไป! คือ...]
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Vua Triệu Hồi II! Là..."
|vi_tl   = "Summon King II! Is..."
|de      = „Ass-Beschwörer“ ... Band II?
|de_tl   = "Ace Summoner"... Volume II?
|id      = Judul untuk Episode Berikutnya Sang Raja Invokation
|id_tl   = Title For the Next Episode the King of Invokation
|pt      = A Seguir, em O Rei do Chamado Sagrado dos Sete...
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:«Próximamente en El rey invocador»]]