{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Nicole.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = 
|affiliation      = Hexenzirkel
|title2           = N <small>(by the Hexenzirkel)</small>

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Nicole''' is a member of the [[Hexenzirkel]], where she goes by the codename "'''N'''."

While Nicole has not yet made a direct in-game appearance, she is posited as the identity behind the mysterious voice at the end of the {{Quest|As Though Morning Dew}}.<ref name="Windblume">{{Ref/Quest|Joy Above the Clouds}}</ref>

==Profile==
Alice describes Nicole as a prophetess and an extraordinary woman who is studying "[[Teyvat]]'s direction and order." She is also said to offer help to those in need of guidance, which led her to be known by other members of the Hexenzirkel as the "guide who will never get lost." However, she has a habit of talking in people's heads without warning.<ref name="Windblume" />

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''<!--

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''-->

==Story==
While the [[Traveler]] ruminates on the consequences of a person's [[Irminsul#Removal of Information|removal from Irminsul]] following the incident with the [[Wanderer]], who had removed his previous incarnation as [[Scaramouche]] from Irminsul and affected Teyvat's known history, a mysterious voice speaks to the Traveler and [[Paimon]], telling them: ''"Unfortunately, the fate of Teyvat cannot easily be changed. Perhaps a [[god]] may have a slim chance, but for anyone else... who can say. [...] History does not change easily, but human hearts can. Believe your own eyes. Only that which you see is true. What is unseen is but an illusion."'' Her voice disappears after that, leaving no clue as to her identity.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As Though Morning Dew}}</ref>

Alice gives a brief description of Nicole while describing the members of the Hexenzirkel, explaining that Nicole only speaks to guide people toward the truth when a change has occurred in the world. For players who completed ''As Though Morning Dew'' before the {{Quest|Joy Above the Clouds}}, the [[Traveler]] suspects she is the one who spoke to them and [[Paimon]] at the end of the quest.<ref name="Windblume" />

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*''{{w|Nicole (name)|Nicole}}'' is derived from the Greek name {{Lang|''{{w|Nika (given name)|Nika}}''|el=Νικα|el_tl=Victory}}.
**''Nika'' is also the etymological basis of {{Lang|{{w|Nike (mythology)|Nike}}|grc=Νίκη}}, the Greek goddess of victory, which is closer to Nicole's Chinese name {{Zh|尼可|rm=Níkě}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Nicole
|zhs     = 尼可
|zhs_rm  = Níkě
|zht     = 尼可
|zht_rm  = Níkě
|ja      = ニコ
|ja_rm   = Niko
|ko      = 니코
|es      = Nicole
|fr      = Nicole
|ru      = Николь
|th      = Nicole
|vi      = Nicole
|de      = Nicole
|id      = Nicole
|pt      = Nicole
|tr      = Nicole
|it      = Nicole
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}