{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Nicole tea cup.png
|caption          = Nicole's symbolic tea set as seen in The Mages' Tea Party<ref name="Mages Tea Party">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/RigK4OwCCM8 Story Teaser: The Mages' Tea Party] (Video Description)</ref> and Masquerade of the Guilty.
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = 
|affiliation      = Hexenzirkel
|title            = N
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm2415873|Amber Connor]]<ref name="V42T">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/1Ip43DfbkUw Version 4.2 "Masquerade of the Guilty" Trailer] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/云鹤追 Yun Hezhui ({{zh|云鹤追}})]<ref>Youtube: [https://youtu.be/8HldEh-Ff_I {{zh|《原神》4.2版本PV：「罪人舞步旋」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Megumi Toyoguchi|Toyoguchi Megumi ({{ja|豊口めぐみ}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1720425911294763256 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:이소은_(성우)|Lee So-eun ({{ko|이소은}})}}<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/PUZp4HOlqA8 {{ko|원신 | 4.2 버전 PV: 「죄인의 원무곡」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Nicole Reeyn''',<ref name="V42T" /> also known by her codename '''"N"''', is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in {{Quest|Hunters, Prophets}}, albeit not physically and only through a teacup. She is a member of the [[Hexenzirkel]]. She first spoke at the end of the {{Quest|As Though Morning Dew}},<ref name="Windblume">{{Ref/Quest|Joy Above the Clouds}}</ref> though she was unidentified at the time.

==Profile==
Nicole is a prophetess and an extraordinary woman studying [[Teyvat]]'s direction and order. She is said to offer help to those in need of guidance, which led her to be known by other members of the Hexenzirkel as the "guide who will never get lost." She has a habit of speaking directly into people's minds without warning.<ref name="Windblume" />

Nicole may be physically mute, as she described herself as "suffocated by [her] inability to speak," and [[Wolfy]] mentions that one of Madam Mage's friends is a mute person who likes to speak in people's heads. She has messy handwriting due to a lack of practice.<ref name="IT">[[Imaginarium Theater/Fortune Slips|Imaginarium Theater Fortune Slip]]: ''(Messy handwriting. This doesn't seem much like a fortune slip...)''</ref>
<!--
===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events
|As Though Morning Dew = as ???}}

==Story==
Nicole was incredibly talkative at first, and she would set her head abuzz and give herself quite a headache whenever she spoke. [[Alice]] advised her to speak more steadily and present an air of mystery and nobility, which is how she developed her current manner of speaking.<ref name="IT"/>

While the [[Traveler]] ruminates on the consequences of a person's [[Irminsul#Modifications|removal from Irminsul]] following the incident with the [[Wanderer]], who had removed his previous incarnation as [[Scaramouche]] from Irminsul and affected Teyvat's known history, a mysterious voice speaks to the Traveler and [[Paimon]], telling them: ''"Unfortunately, the fate of Teyvat cannot easily be changed. Perhaps a [[god]] may have a slim chance, but for anyone else... who can say. [...] History does not change easily, but human hearts can. Believe your own eyes. Only that which you see is true. What is unseen is but an illusion."'' Her voice disappears after that, leaving no clue as to her identity.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As Though Morning Dew}}</ref>

Alice gives a brief description of Nicole while describing the members of the Hexenzirkel, explaining that Nicole only speaks to guide people toward the truth when a change has occurred in the world. The [[Traveler]] suspects Nicole is the one who spoke to them and [[Paimon]] at the end of ''As Though Morning Dew'' if that quest was completed before the {{Quest|Joy Above the Clouds}}.<ref name="Windblume" />

A disordered fable in someone's dream left by Nicole for [[Furina]]'s official introduction states that as one lie follows another, "justice" waits inescapably at the end, and those who are ignorant by believing such to be a farce merely deceive themselves.

During [[Chapter IV]] of the Archon Quests, Nicole appeared at the [[Spina di Rosula]] base in [[Fleuve Cendre]] and confirmed to the Traveler that the [[prophecy]] would come to fruition. However, she stated that prophecies are merely the future in the perspective of the gods, and that the gods are not omniscient; ultimately, she advises the Traveler to simply play their part.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Hunters, Prophets}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* The teacup that Nicole speaks through in [[Masquerade of the Guilty|Chapter IV: Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty]] is one of the teacups on the Hexenzirkel's floating island.
** It is identical to the teacups found in the [[Dawn Winery]], matching the carpet under the dining table and the back of [[Diluc]]'s coat.
** The same teacups can also be found in the [[Imaginarium Theater|Imaginarium Theatre]], and next to the copy of [[Andersdotter]]'s fairy tales that [[Alice]] sends the [[Traveler]] in the [[Summertide Scales and Tales]] [[Event]].
*Nicole is implied to have written Vol. 5 of ''[[The Little Witch and the Undying Fire]]''.
*It is possible that Nicole was originally an [[angel]], based on the allegory [[Wolfy]] uses to describe her people. He describes the "Boar Tribe" becoming many different creatures, with those who surrender their muscles becoming 'rabbits' "instinctively guiding people to treasure"<ref>[[Wolfy#Dialogue]]</ref> - a very clear allegory for the devolution of Seelies. Additionally, her powers of prophecy and linking with others' minds are shared by angels [[Nabu Malikata]], [[Sybilla]], and [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|Yohualtecuhtin]].

===Etymology===
* Nicole Reeyn ultimately derives from the name {{w|Nicole-Reine Lepaute}}, who was a French astronomer and human computer.
* {{w|Nicole (name)|Nicole}} ultimately derives from the name {{Lang|{{w|Nikolaos}}|el=Νικόλαος|el_rm=Nikólaos}}, a compound of {{Lang|mini=1|el=νίκη|el_rm=nikē|el_tl=victory}} and {{Lang|mini=1|el=λαός|el_rm=laos|el_tl=people.}}
** Her Chinese name {{zh|尼可|rm=Níkě}} may be a variant of the name of the Greek goddess {{w|Nike (mythology)|Nike}} {{Lang|zh=尼刻|zh_rm=Níkè}} or the common Chinese transcription of the name Nicole {{Lang|zh={{w|zh:妮可|妮可}}|zh_rm=Nīkě}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Nicole Reeyn
|zhs     = 尼可・莱恩
|zhs_rm  = Níkě Lái'ēn
|zht     = 尼可・萊恩
|zht_rm  = Níkě Lái'ēn
|ja      = ニコ・リヤン
|ja_rm   = Niko Riyan
|ko      = 니콜<・: >라인
|es      = Nicole Reeyn
|fr      = Nicole Reeyn
|ru      = Николь Рейн
|th      = Nicole Reeyn
|vi      = Nicole Reeyn
|de      = Nicole Reeyn
|id      = Nicole Reeyn
|pt      = Nicole Ryan
|tr      = Nicole Reeyn
|it      = Nicole Reeyn
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Nicole]]
[[fr:Nicole]]
[[pl:Magini "N"]]
[[vi:Nicole]]