{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Nightsoul Spirit.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|group            = Cat NPCs
|group2           = Nightsoul NPCs
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Nightsoul Spirit''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears before completing the [[Chamber of Night's Trial]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''
<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' What, ho... To think you could find this entrance. Long has it been since any have come hither...
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' This... Mm, yes, this is where the Nightsouls roam, though afeared am I that none now live on the sun-kissed earth who recall their names or deeds.
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' Ah, Nightsouls... While our [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|mistress]] slumbers, we are her dreams. When our goddess awakens ever and anon, we are but single strains of her mind.
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' That a living person should set foot here... Haha, those overcome by their battle-craving can hold back no longer... Outlander warrior, you who are much beloved...
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' Still these unquiet souls to slumber soundly with the blaze of battle and triumph, and be rewarded... What say you?
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this.
::'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' Hehe, bold, how bold.
::'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' Well then, you must triumph...
:{{DIcon}} Give me some time to prepare...
::'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' That so? 'Tis a shame... But speak unto me should you change your mind...
;(After failing the challenge)
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' Perhaps you might try again... if you're willing, brave warrior from afar.
;(Talk to Nightsoul Spirit after selecting "Give me some time to prepare..." or failing the challenge)
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' Mmm... Changed your mind, have you?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' Will you do battle with the Nightsouls present?
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this.
:;(Same as before)
:{{DIcon}} Give me some time to prepare...
:;(Same as before)
;(After completing the challenge)
:'''Nightsoul Spirit:''' Well then, please take these as your reward for completing the challenge...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Nightsoul Spirit
|zhs      = 夜魂之灵
|zhs_rm   = Yèhún Zhī Líng
|zht      = 夜魂之靈
|zht_rm   = Yèhún Zhī Líng
|zh_tl    = Nightsoul's Spirit
|ja       = 夜魂の霊
|ja_rm    = Yorutamashii no Rei
|ja_tl    = Nightsoul's Spirit
|ko       = 밤혼의 영혼
|ko_tl    = Soul of the Night
|es       = Espíritu noctámbulo
|es_tl    = Nightwalking Spirit
|fr       = Esprit de noctâme
|fr_tl    = Nightsoul Spirit
|ru       = Дух полуночной души
|ru_tl    = Midnight Soul's Spirit
|th       = จิตแห่งวิญญาณราตรี
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Linh Tính Dạ Hồn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Geist der Nachtseele
|de_tl    = Spirit of the Nightsoul
|id       = Roh Jiwa Malam
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Espírito da Noite
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gece Ruhu Tayfı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Spirito dell'Anima della Notte
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->