{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Nights of Formal Focus.png
|character     = Layla
|type          = Elemental Skill
|info          = Puts forth a [[shield]] known as the Curtain of Slumber, dealing {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}}.<br>The Curtain of Slumber's DMG Absorption is based on Layla's Max [[HP]] and absorbs {{Color|Cryo DMG}} with 250% effectiveness. When the shield is deployed, Layla will have {{Cryo}} applied to her briefly.<br><br>'''Night Stars and Shooting Stars'''<br>While the Curtain of Slumber is active, it will create 1 Night Star that will be attached to it every 1.5s. When a character protected by this shield uses an Elemental Skill, 2 Night Stars will be created. Night Stars can be created once every 0.3s in this way. A maximum of 4 Night Stars can be accumulated at any one time.<br>Once the Curtain of Slumber has accumulated 4 Night Stars and there are opponents nearby, these Night Stars will transform into homing Shooting Stars that will be fired off in sequence, dealing {{Color|Cryo DMG}} to any opponents hit.<br>If the Curtain of Slumber's duration ends or it is destroyed, the Night Stars will disappear. If they are already being fired off as Shooting Stars, these Shooting Stars will last until this wave of shots ends.<br><br>New Night Stars cannot be created until the previous wave of Shooting Stars has been fired completely.
|CD            = 12s
|scale_att1    = Max HP
|scale_att2    = ATK
|attr1         = Skill DMG
|value1        = 12.8–27.2%
|attr2         = Shooting Star DMG
|value2        = 14.7–31.3%
|attr3         = Base Shield DMG Absorption
|value3        = 10.8–23% Max HP+1,040–2,860
|attr4         = Shield Duration
|value4        = 12s
|utility1      = Shield
|utility2      = Frozen Status to Self
}}
{{Description|"She and I are like two master artisans who have never met, yet who sit at the same cushioned seat, embroidering the same dream-flower."}}
'''Nights of Formal Focus''' is [[Layla]]'s [[Elemental Skill]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* {{Talent Note|particles|Shooting Star|1.33}}
** This particle generation has a cooldown of '''3''' seconds.
* If this skill is used again while a Curtain of Slumber is still active, Night Stars will not be reset.
* Night Stars will also be generated by [[Dream of the Star-Stream Shaker]] as well as Elemental Skills that accept multiple inputs via the Elemental Skill button before cooldown, including [[Fischl]]'s Oz re-summon, [[Keqing]]'s [[Stellar Restoration]] recast, [[Nilou]]'s [[Dance of Haftkarsvar]] Whirling Steps and Water Wheel, [[Tartaglia]] or [[Wanderer]]'s input to end the stance, and [[Sayu]] or [[Yelan]]'s input to end the held version of their rapid movement.
** Similar inputs that are not done via the Elemental Skill button, such as remotely detonating Keqing's stiletto or using Nilou's Sword Dance or Luminous Illusion dance steps, do not generate Night Stars.
*** [[Freminet]]'s [[Pressurized Floe]] Level 4 Shattering Pressure does generate Night Stars, even when it is activated by Normal Attack button.
* The Night Stars will be transformed into Shooting Stars with a blinking of all 4 stars. If already in range of the Shooting Stars' [[targeting]], there will be a delay of '''0.25''' seconds since the creation of the last Night Star. Otherwise, the transformation will occur immediately when entering the targeting range.
* '''0.5''' seconds after the blinking, the Shooting Stars will be fired at the rate of '''0.5''' seconds per star. Therefore, the shooting wave will last '''2''' seconds. Since the ICD of the Shooting Stars is 3s / 7 Hits, it will apply {{Cryo}} to the same target at most once per wave.
* The Curtain of Slumber only starts generating Night Stars again after the last Shooting Star has been fired.
* Throughout the shield duration, it is possible to fire 4 waves of Shooting Stars by utilizing Dream of the Star-Stream Shaker's Night Star generation and/or multiple characters with multi-input Elemental Skills.
* {{Talent Note|character=Layla|snapshot|Shooting Star DMG|snapshottime=when Shooting Stars are fired}}

;<big>Passive Effects</big>
* {{Talent Note|character=Layla|talent=Nights of Formal Focus|ascension|1|Like Nascent Light|The [[Shield Strength]] of a character protected by a Curtain of Slumber increases by 6% each time a Night Star is gained, up to a maximum of 4 stacks and lasting until the Curtain of Slumber disappears.}}
* {{Talent Note|character=Layla|talent=Nights of Formal Focus|ascension|2|Sweet Slumber Undisturbed}}

;<big>Constellation Effects</big>
* {{Talent Note|constellation|1|Fortress of Fantasy}}
* {{Talent Note|constellation|2|Light's Remit}}
* {{Talent Note|constellation|3|Secrets of the Night}}
* {{Talent Note|constellation|4|Starry Illumination}}
* {{Talent Note|constellation|6|Radiant Soulfire}}

==Advanced Properties==
{{Advanced Properties
|title   = Skill DMG
|gu      = 1U
|icdtag  = none
|poise   = 30
|impulse = 3

|title2   = Shooting Star DMG
|gu2      = 1U
|icdtag2  = Elemental Skill
|icdtype2 = 3s/7 Hits
|poise2   = 15
|impulse2 = 2

|title3   = Frozen to Self
|gu3      = 1U, 0.1s
|icdtag3  = none
|poise3   = &mdash;
|impulse3 = &mdash;
}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file=Nights of Formal Focus Preview
}}

==Attribute Scaling==
{{Talent Scaling
|talentType=Elemental Skill
|levels=13
|order=skilldmg,shootingstardmg,baseshielddmgabsorption,shieldduration,cd
|titles=Skill DMG (%),Shooting Star DMG (%),Base Shield DMG Absorption (%&nbsp;Max HP +),Shield Duration,CD
|skilldmg_1=12.8
|skilldmg_2=13.76
|skilldmg_3=14.72
|skilldmg_4=16
|skilldmg_5=16.96
|skilldmg_6=17.92
|skilldmg_7=19.2
|skilldmg_8=20.48
|skilldmg_9=21.76
|skilldmg_10=23.04
|skilldmg_11=24.32
|skilldmg_12=25.6
|skilldmg_13=27.2
|shootingstardmg_1=14.72
|shootingstardmg_2=15.82
|shootingstardmg_3=16.93
|shootingstardmg_4=18.4
|shootingstardmg_5=19.5
|shootingstardmg_6=20.61
|shootingstardmg_7=22.08
|shootingstardmg_8=23.55
|shootingstardmg_9=25.02
|shootingstardmg_10=26.5
|shootingstardmg_11=27.97
|shootingstardmg_12=29.44
|shootingstardmg_13=31.28
|baseshielddmgabsorption_1=10.8+1,040
|baseshielddmgabsorption_2=11.61+1,144
|baseshielddmgabsorption_3=12.42+1,256
|baseshielddmgabsorption_4=13.5+1,378
|baseshielddmgabsorption_5=14.31+1,508
|baseshielddmgabsorption_6=15.12+1,646
|baseshielddmgabsorption_7=16.2+1,794
|baseshielddmgabsorption_8=17.28+1,950
|baseshielddmgabsorption_9=18.36+2,114
|baseshielddmgabsorption_10=19.44+2,288
|baseshielddmgabsorption_11=20.52+2,470
|baseshielddmgabsorption_12=21.6+2,660
|baseshielddmgabsorption_13=22.95+2,860
|shieldduration=12s
|cd=12s
}}

==Talent Leveling==
{{Talent Upgrade|Layla}}

==Voice-Overs==
{{Talent VO}}

==Trivia==
* {{Talent Note|clap}}
* After activating the Curtain of Slumber, Layla will go into a sleep position. If Layla does not move from her position, she will enter a wake-up animation just before the cooldown ends.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Nights of Formal Focus
|zhs     = 垂裳端凝之夜
|zhs_rm  = Chuícháng Duānníng zhī Yè
|zht     = 垂裳端凝之夜
|zht_rm  = Chuícháng Duānníng zhī Yè
|zh_tl   = Night of Imposing Idleness
|ja      = 垂裳凛然の夜
|ja_rm   = Suishou Rinzen no Yoru
|ja_tl   = Night of Awe-Inspiring Idleness
|ko      = 근심 없는 밤
|ko_tl   = Light-Hearted Night
|es      = Noche solemne
|es_tl   = Solemn Night
|fr      = Nuits de solennité
|fr_tl   = Nights of Solemnity
|ru      = Ночи почтенного сосредоточения
|ru_tl   = Nights of Eminent Focus
|th      = Nights of Formal Focus
|vi      = Đêm Ngon Giấc
|vi_tl   = Good Night's Sleep
|de      = Nacht des feierlichen Fokus
|de_tl   = Night of Celebratory Focus
|id      = Nights of Formal Focus
|pt      = Noites Solenes
|pt_tl   = Solemn Nights
|tr      = Odaklanma Gecesi
|tr_tl   = Focusing Night
|it      = Concentrazione solenne
|it_tl   = Solemn Focus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Layla}}

[[es:Noche solemne]]
[[fr:Nuits de solennité]]
[[ru:Ночи почтенного сосредоточения]]
[[th:Nights of Formal Focus]]
[[vi:Đêm Ngon Giấc]]