{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Nightingale's Tail Feather.png
|set   = Long Night's Oath
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A hat ornament intricately crafted from the feathers of a nightingale. They say that its form was first conceived by the original [[Torchforger]].}}
'''Nightingale's Tail Feather''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Long Night's Oath]].

==Description==
Legends told of a nightingale, carrying an ember in its beak, that flew only on moonless nights. <br>
A speck of fire that would streak across the firmament like a shooting star; a light in dark times.

Upon the ancient ruins of a castle, a vestige of an age of pioneers, stood the high tower of the "[[Lightkeepers]]," standing guard through the long night.<br>
Centuries had passed since their ancestors had stood before the [[Tsaritsa]], swearing an oath of eternal fidelity,<br>
And the people living in "[[Nod-Krai|paradise]]" believed that, so long as their lighthouse stayed lit, they could live in freedom,<br>
Neither fearing the chaos wrought by the [[Abyss|pitch-black beasts]], nor needing to seek refuge in the lands to the north.<br>
Then one night, a chilling sound carried over the horizon's edge &mdash; the leader of [[the Wild Hunt]] was abroad, galloping across the night sky.<br>
As ever, the night watchers laid down their great animal skin cloaks; yet that day, the sun rose not.

As the rallying horns echoed through the hills, warriors formed ranks at the high tower's foot,<br>
Awaiting that momentous command to march south in fulfillment of their ancient vows.<br>
Yet in the great mead hall, the current {{tt|Starshyna|Russian or Ukrainian military or civic title of office}} sat in silence;<br>
For already, a mighty host bright as midsummer's day had reached the city gates to the north.

"[[Fatui|Warriors of the Pale Star]], why do you choose this moment to knock at [[Piramida]]'s gates?"<br>
"Even you have no right to revoke the sacred powers bestowed upon us by Her Majesty the Tsaritsa."<br>
Though they claimed to be reinforcements, these uninvited guests had ulterior motives, as the {{tt|Starshyna|Russian or Ukrainian military or civic title of office}} knew full well;<br>
But to yield at this juncture would spell the end of the autonomy they had upheld for centuries past.

From beneath the lead officer's mask came a voice, low and cold,<br>
And in its wake a mocking laugh from parts unknown.<br>
"That is where the dark calamity began. Remember, [[Snezhnaya]] cannot bear the weight of your defeat."<br>
"Warriors of the Nightingale, fight with all your might! Yet, should none of you return..."<br>
"Then we will take care of the 'aftermath.'"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Nightingale's Tail Feather
|zhs      = 夜鸣莺的尾羽
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 夜鳴鶯的尾羽
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 夜鳴鶯の尾羽
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 밤꾀꼬리의 꽁지깃
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Pluma del Ruiseñor
|es_tl    = Nightingale's Feather
|fr       = Plume de queue de rossignol
|fr_tl    = Nightingale's Tail Feather
|ru       = Соловьиное перо
|ru_tl    = Nightingale Feather
|th       = Nightingale's Tail Feather
|vi       = Lông Đuôi Của Dạ Oanh
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Schwanzfeder der Nachtigall
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Nightingale's Tail Feather
|pt       = Pluma da Rouxinol Noturna
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bülbülün Kuyruk Tüyü
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Penna rettrice dell'usignolo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Long Night's Oath}}

[[fr:Plume de queue de rossignol]]
[[ja:夜鳴鶯の尾羽]]
[[vi:Lông Đuôi Của Dạ Oanh]]