{{Event Tabs|story=yes}}
{{Event
|name              = Night of Candy Pumpkins
|image             = Night of Candy Pumpkins.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-10-31 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-11-10 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/126667
|linkname         = Official HoYoverse News
}}
{{Description|Browse the long image during the event, use the hashtag "#Genshinpumpkin" and your "Genshin Impact UID" to quote and share this post.<br> Send the corresponding number of pumpkin emojis 🎃 to share how many pumpkins you've found,<br><br>and get a chance to win [[Primogem]] rewards!}}
'''Night of Candy Pumpkins''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version/5.1|Version 5.1]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* October 31, 2024 – November 10, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results Announcement: November 22, 2024

==How to Participate==
;X (Twitter)
# Quote and share the corresponding event post, with "the number of pumpkins you found" by sending the matching number of pumpkin emojis🎃. Don't forget to add the hashtag "#Genshinpumpkin" and your "Genshin Impact UID"!
#* [https://x.com/GenshinImpact/status/1851836498565312689 Official Genshin Impact X (Twitter) Post]

;Facebook/Naver Cafe/Telegram/VK/Instagram
# Include the hashtag "#Genshinpumpkin" and post "the number of pumpkins you found" by sending the corresponding number of pumpkin emojis🎃, along with your "Genshin Impact UID" in the comments!
#* [https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=579516834732590 Official Genshin Impact Facebook Post]
<!--
#* [ Official Genshin Impact Naver Cafe Post] -- Link needed
#* [ Official Genshin Impact Telegram Post] -- Link needed
-->
#* [https://vk.com/genshinimpact?w=wall-183293188_1999568 Official Genshin Impact VK Post]
#* [https://www.instagram.com/p/DBxjoX8MgsG Official Genshin Impact Instagram Post]

==Event Rewards==
Primogems ×160 (100 winners)

==Notes==
# Publishing content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules, and content that is not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# By participating in this event, you agree to have your game UID published on the event platform. Game UIDs will only be used to issue Primogem rewards to winning players and will be protected in accordance with the legal and policy provisions of local privacy protection laws.
# If the issuance of rewards fails due to the player providing the wrong game UID, the official team will not re-issue the reward.
# Primogem rewards will be delivered within 30 business days after the results are announced.

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

[[fr:La nuit des bonbons citrouilles]]