{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Slain by a Shadowy Husk
|region           = Snezhnaya
|region2          = Liyue
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation_note = Ninth Company
|affiliation2     = House of the Hearth
|title            = Corporal
|sibling          = Katarina
}}
'''Nikolay Snezhevich''' {{Lang|ru=Николай Снежевич|ru_rm={{#invoke:ru-rm|main|Николай Снежевич}}}}, affectionately known as '''Kolya''' {{Lang|ru=Коля|ru_rm={{#invoke:ru-rm|main|Коля}}}}, was a Corporal in the [[Fatui]]'s Ninth Company, which went on an ill-fated mission to investigate the strange occurrences at [[The Chasm]]. He was an orphan raised in [[Arlecchino]]'s House of the Hearth, alongside his sister [[Katarina|Katarina Snezhevna]].

He was presumably slain by a [[Shadowy Husk]] after getting separated from his team.

==Profile==
Nikolay was an orphan raised in the House of the Hearth, an orphanage run by the [[Harbinger]] Arlecchino, alongside his sister Katarina.<ref name="Company">{{Ref/Quest|A Company Vanishing Into the Deep}}</ref> He was presumably also familiar with [[Lyudochka Snezhevna]], a fellow orphan raised at the House of the Hearth and whom Katarina describes as someone who was "even dearer than a real sister" to her.<ref name="LFL2">{{Ref/Quest|Lost in a Foreign Land: Seeking}}</ref>

===Personality===
Nikolay was very close with his sister, Katarina, and always carried around the {{w|balalaika}} &mdash; a traditional stringed instrument &mdash; that she had given him. He also cared about his comrades, voluntarily using himself as bait to lure enemies away from his squad.

==Story==
Sometime before the Ninth Company's deployment to The Chasm, Katarina was transferred into the regiment. Upon learning the news, Nikolay wrote her a letter expressing his joy at being reunited with her. Katarina kept this letter on her person up until her disappearance and presumed death in search of him.<ref name="LFL2" />

During their investigation of The Chasm, the Ninth Company faced disastrous results. Many soldiers became casualties of the Abyss monsters,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Perils in the Dark}}</ref> and the Mokosh Device, which was designed to absorb [[Abyssal corruption]], was overloaded and destroyed. The team that encountered the [[Chasm Nail]] and attempted to break the Abyss' hold over the Nail inadvertently awoke the [[Ruin Serpent]] known as Haftvad the Worm and were forced to hastily retreat after incurring significant losses.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/HEO|Fatui Action Logs}}</ref>

In the chaos, Nikolay used himself as bait to lure away a group of enemies away from his squad and disappeared.<ref name="LFL2" /> While Staff Sergeant [[Anton]] believed he was a lost cause, Katarina refused to give up on finding her brother and stayed behind in the depths of The Chasm while Anton's group moved back up to the [[The Chasm: Main Mining Area|main mining area]].<ref name="Company" /> Katarina got lost, however, and set up camp in [[The Glowing Narrows]], where the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] eventually found her.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lost in a Foreign Land}}</ref>

At Katarina's behest, the Traveler searched for Nikolay, but only found fragments of his diary. The last fragment they found recounts his severe leg wound and ends with his discovery by a Shadowy Husk, with his final words an acknowledgement of his impending doom and an apology to Katarina. The path the Traveler found was blocked off by fallen rock, preventing them from investigating further, so they brought back his diary fragments to Katarina. She decides to investigate his last known location herself, but when the Traveler arrives, Katarina is nowhere to be seen while his treasured letter lies abandoned on the ground.<ref name="LFL2" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Nikolay<!-- Snezhevich-->
|zhs     = 尼古拉<!--・雪奈茨维奇-->
|zhs_rm  = Nígǔlā<!-- Xuěnàicíwéiqí-->
|zht     = 尼古拉<!--・雪奈茨維奇-->
|zht_rm  = Nígǔlā<!-- Xuěnàicíwéiqí-->
|ja      = ニコライ<!--・シュナイツェビッチ-->
|ja_rm   = Nikorai<!-- Shunaitsebicchi-->
|ko      = 니콜라이<!--・슈나이제비치-->
|ko_rm   = Nikollai<!-- Syunaijebichi-->
|es      = Nikolay
|fr      = Nikolay
|ru      = Николай<!-- Снежевич-->
|th      = Nikolay
|vi      = Nikolay
|de      = Nikolay
|id      = Nikolay
|pt      = Nikolay
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}