{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Nilou
|id             = 368155
|image          = Character Nilou Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Nilou''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Dance...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The beauty of art...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Grand Bazaar...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Draw a circle...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} What should I try...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hi...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Clapping...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nilou mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Um... Hm? Oh, hey there, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo nilou mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Want to play a clapping game?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I&mdash;I'm good... No need to worry about me.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'm really happy that you invited me to hang out here...
::{{DIcon}} Are you nervous?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Uh, um... Ugh, you saw right through me...
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' *exhale* Give me a moment. ...I am in a sea of [[Zaytun Peach]]es.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Gently push the peaches away... There. And that's how you chase the jitterbugs away.
::{{DIcon}} Do you want to pet Tubby?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Huh? Wait, so that round bird is named [[Tubby]]?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' *Giggle* That name is quite on the nose. It sure is descriptive.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Just looking at her makes me feel relaxed, like right after you do a huuuge cat stretch.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ah, but back to your question... I really like the way you've decorated this place. It's so snug and cozy.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But I've never left [[Sumeru City]] before, so suddenly being taken to a new place is...
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing, or who to talk to...
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Can I stay here a little longer, so I can get used to everything?
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe, I won't be nervous anymore once I'm more familiar with this place.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Want to chat?
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Sure, I'd be happy to. What do you want to chat about?
::{{DIcon}} I'd like to hear your latest thoughts...
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Huh? Mine?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I've been wondering which came first: the audience or the performance?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'd probably have to sift through a whole bunch of documents and stuff if I really wanted to get that answer, but I'm no good at things like that.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02a 4.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hee-hee, so it's just a random thought...
::{{DIcon}} About everyone at the Grand Bazaar...
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Oh, I just love the atmosphere. It feels like one big, happy family.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Everyone has different personalities, so there are some small squabbles here and there...
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But if anyone runs into a problem, everyone else will help out however they can.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Isn't that what family's like?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 02b 5.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' They bicker and fight, but they'll always be your biggest supporters.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Oh no, we were supposed to chat together, but I've been doing all the talking...
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alright, the ball's back to you &mdash; catch! I want to hear about your experiences and the people you've met.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Tell me all about them! I'm all ears!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hmm... Want to make some flower pots?
::{{DIcon}} You know how to do that?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 02a 1.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Well, I didn't, but I wanted to do something memorable with you, so... I got my friends at the Grand Bazaar to help me learn in secret.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 02a 2.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Oh, don't worry, I made sure I knew how to make them before asking you.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 02a 3.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Because I want to, um...
::{{DIcon}} Any flower you want to plant in particular?
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 02b 1.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yes &mdash; I've put a lot of thought into it.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 02b 2.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I want to do something special for you in return for all the help you've given me.
:::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 02b 3.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You don't seem like you're too worried about anything, so my movement therapy won't be of much use. Instead, I was thinking...
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'd like to transplant some [[Padisarah]]s.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I grew them myself, and I've already picked out some good ones.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' They're my favorite flower, so I wanted to give them to you, my favorite person.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' May happy times always be with you.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you, Nilou.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' No need to thank me. As long as you like them.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Whenever you're free, let me know and I'll do a performance for you.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Relax, I'm confident now. I don't even need to do the deep breathing exercises... After all, we've already known each other for a long time now.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Nilou.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Would you like to be the first person in my audience today?

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Nilou.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo nilou mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Is it alright if I poke your forehead? Just gently, I mean. I heard it helps people have good dreams.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Coalesced Brilliance===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nilou jewelrystore 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Wooow, how dazzling!
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nilou jewelrystore 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe, I actually noticed a long time ago that you have good taste in art.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nilou jewelrystore 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' The same beauty is found in all forms of art. Whether it's a dance or a gemstone, you use the same pair of eyes to admire it, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Of Twirling Dances Unfettered===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nilou theater 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Did you... build this theater yourself? Wow, it's the spitting image... Amazing.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nilou theater 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But we can't let a fantastic stage like this be without a dancer, can we?
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm nilou theater 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe, I can't wait to try out my new dance on it. The dance still needs a name, though... Could you pick one for me?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Nilou/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Nilou/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ニィロウ/仲間]]
[[ru:Нилу/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Nilou/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Nilou/Bạn Đồng Hành]]