{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Ningguang
|id             = 368116
|image          = Character Ningguang Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Ningguang''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Information...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The Jade Chamber...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A worthy investment...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Mora...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's get to business...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Something to discuss?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hello.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hello, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Is there some matter of importance you wish to discuss with me?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This is a comfortable environment, a good place to be calm and gather one's thoughts.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Much like the days in the Jade Chamber...
::{{DIcon}} Surely this place doesn't compare to the Jade Chamber...?
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship1 03a.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, you misunderstand.
::{{DIcon}} You're too kind.
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship1 03b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Please. Kindness has nothing to do with it.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' An environment can't be judged purely on its size or opulence.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I sense the time and effort that you have put into this place, which reminds me of the time and effort when constructing the Jade Chamber.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Or, to put it another way, I see this as the "Jade Chamber" that belongs to you.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' A chat? Is there some commercial matter you wish to inquire about?
::{{DIcon}} N&mdash;No... just a simple chat.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hmm, interesting... so many merchants and business magnates, vying to invite me to dinner.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And you wish to have a "simple chat"?
::{{DIcon}} I don't think I can afford the dinners they're buying.
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 04a.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hahaha... Ahh, you make me laugh.
::{{DIcon}} We can talk about anything you like.
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 04b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' ... You really are quite different from the rest.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' These people... they send me the most extravagant gifts...
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' ...But all they're really after are my words... any morsel of information that may hint at Liyue's future commercial trends.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Which makes the prospect of a carefree, honest chat here with you... all the more valuable to me.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' For it is something Mora cannot buy.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So, stay with me a while, and let's chat about the simpler things in life. Anything at all.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' As a matter of fact... there is something I've been planning for a while now.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The next time we have an important policy decision on our hands, I'd like you to get involved.
::{{DIcon}} To help collate paperwork?
::{{DIcon}} To study the thinking behind policy-making?
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Not exactly... I was thinking that you would be involved in the decision itself.
::{{DIcon}} Am I up to that...?
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 04a 1.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Rest assured, I am not prone to misjudgment.
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 04a 2.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The fount of knowledge and boldness of spirit that your travels have bequeathed upon you are sure to imbue your policies with rare and valuable foresight.
:::{{DIcon}} I will give it my all.
::{{DIcon}} I will rise to the challenge.
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 04b 1.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I like your boldness of spirit.
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 04b 2.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The world of commerce is a battleground, and policy-making requires conviction and decisiveness.
:::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 04b 3.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' All that you have experienced during your travels is sure to imbue your policies with rare and valuable foresight.
:::{{DIcon}} I will give it my all.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have no doubt.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, that reminds me.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' After the decision is made, if you could please shred any documentation that accumulates on the wall during the process.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Liyue is due another paper snowstorm. This time, you will be the one to change the prevailing weather.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Ningguang!
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Good morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If you encounter any difficulties on your travels, feel free to tell me all about them.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Ningguang.
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Good night to you too, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo ningguang mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Try to relax and enjoy yourself while you're here. Get some rest.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Feiyun Study Room===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ningguang study 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This is a fine study.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ningguang study 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The books here are considered quite rare. And those material catalogs from Mondstadt, hmm... perhaps they might provide some competitive market advantage.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ningguang study 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If I had to say one thing, it would be that the decorations are a little simple. It wouldn't hurt to consider adding more... presentable articles of furniture.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ningguang store 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have observed Liyue from the Jade Chamber for years - every building and every tile is etched into my memory.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ningguang store 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I cannot sense the slightest feeling of discord from this street... It is quite a rare find indeed.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ningguang store 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Your ability never ceases to surprise me...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Ningguang/Compagnia]]
[[ja:凝光/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Нин Гуан/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Ningguang/Konaklama]]