{{Food Infobox
|id              = 108140
|description     = The neat rows of ingredients seem at once exotic and delicious, and Baizhu says that Qiqi has spent a long time creating this dish. Still, once one considers that Qiqi has no sense of taste, just putting chopsticks to the food is going to take some courage.
|type            = ATK-Boosting Dishes
|effectType      = CRIT Rate Up
|effect          = Increases all party members' CRIT Rate by '''20'''% and CRIT DMG by '''20'''% for 300s.
|eff_att1        = CRIT Rate
|eff_att2        = CRIT DMG
|quality         = 3
|character       = Qiqi
|base            = Come and Get It
}}
{{Lang|'''No Tomorrow'''|zh=没有未来菜|zh_rm=Méiyǒu Wèilái Cài|zh_tl=No Future Dish}} is a [[Special Dish|special]] [[food]] item that the player has a chance to obtain by cooking [[Come and Get It]] with [[Qiqi]]. The recipe for Come and Get It is obtainable from [[Chef Mao]] in [[Wanmin Restaurant]] (located in Liyue Harbor, Liyue) for 5,000 [[Mora]] after reaching [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

No Tomorrow increases the party's critical rate by '''20'''% and critical damage by '''20'''% for 300 seconds. Like most foods, this has no effect for other players in [[Co-Op Mode]].

==Recipe==
{{Recipe
|type = Cooking
|Raw Meat = 3
|Fish = 3
|Rice = 3
|Tofu = 1
|sort = Raw Meat;Fish;Rice;Tofu
|character = Qiqi
}}

==Trivia==
*To celebrate Qiqi's birthday, the [[Teyvat Food Notes]] released a [https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/news/detail/14408 real-life recipe] for No Tomorrow.
* The following birthday mails included No Tomorrow:
**[[Mail/Birthday. (2021-03-03)|Qiqi's 2021 Birthday Mail]] (1 No Tomorrow)
**[[Mail/Birthday. (2022-03-03)|Qiqi's 2022 Birthday Mail]] (1 No Tomorrow)
**[[Mail/You, and Happiness. (2023-03-03)|Qiqi's 2023 Birthday Mail]] (1 No Tomorrow)

===Etymology===
*Qiqi replaced broccoli to coin-shaped ingredients. In Chinese funeral tradition, the {{w|Chinese burial money|burial coin}} was one of the most common type of grave goods to be buried so that the deceased person could bribe the judge-ruler of the underworld (similar to {{w|Charon's obol}} in ancient Greece and Rome).
*The Chinese name of the dish is a word play on its base dish; the last part of the name 未来菜 ("Future Dish") is just two strokes less than its base dish 来来菜 ("Come-On Dish," lit. "Come-Come Dish").

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = No Tomorrow
|zhs     = 没有未来菜
|zhs_rm  = Méiyǒu Wèilái Cài
|zht     = 沒有未來菜
|zht_rm  = Méiyǒu Wèilái Cài
|zh_tl   = No Future Dish
|ja      = アシタナシ
|ja_rm   = Ashita-nashi
|ja_tl   = No Tomorrow
|ko      = {{tt|암울|暗鬱}}한 {{tt|미래|未來}}
|ko_rm   = Am'ulhan Mirae
|ko_tl   = Gloomy Future
|es      = Sin futuro
|es_tl   = No Future
|fr      = Sansespoir
|fr_tl   = Hopeless
|ru      = Блюдо без будущего
|ru_tl   = Dish Without a Future
|th      = No Tomorrow
|vi      = Món Không Tương Lai
|vi_tl   = No Future Dish
|de      = Mahlzeit ohne Zukunft
|de_tl   = Meal Without Future
|id      = No Tomorrow
|pt      = Sem Futuro
|pt_tl   = No Future
|tr      = Yarınlar Olmasın
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ignoto avvenire
|it_tl   = Unkown Future
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Food Navbox|type=Special Dishes}}

[[es:Sin futuro]]
[[fr:Sansespoir]]
[[id:No Tomorrow]]
[[ja:アシタナシ]]
[[pt-br:Sem Futuro]]
[[ru:Блюдо без будущего]]
[[th:No Tomorrow]]