{{About|the quest-exclusive NPC|the quest-exclusive enemy|Noailles (Enemy)}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Noailles.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fortress of Meropide
|title            = Fortress of Meropide Guard

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Noailles''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Unfinished Comedy}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Noailles is a new guard hired at Meropide and does not like [[Fonta]]. During ''[[Game of the Rich]]'', Noailles tries to recreate missing records on the prisoner [[Caterpillar]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Game of the Rich}}</ref> [[Estienne]] does not like him, claiming that he's "sick" in the head and tries to make everyone follow his rules.

When [[Lanoire]] and Cater try to escape Meropide the first time, Noailles and a large number of [[Gardemek]]s confronted them, though Caterpillar was forced to reveal his true form as an [[Anemo Hilichurl Rogue]] in the process. Noailles was shocked to see a talking hilichurl and wondered how he infiltrated the prison. Cater, knowing that Lanoire did not belong in the prison, negotiated to return if she would be released, which he agreed to, though he went back on his word by having her come with him to fill some papers out. Later on, the group attempted to escape again, which Noailles anticipated and had sent a large deployment of Gardes and Gardemeks to patrol the area, though they were bypassed. He eventually realized they had escaped and confronted them at the [[Geode Mine Shaft]], where he was quickly defeated, though before he could do anything, Estienne arrived and took him into custody, as he had broken rules and violated regulations by using the Gardemeks without authorization.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|An Eye for an Eye}}</ref> It is implied that he was punished for his actions and would not be returning to the prison anytime soon.

===Appearance===
Noailles has orange hair and wears the black uniform of a Meropide guard.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->

==Trivia==
*{{w|Antoine de Noailles}} became {{w|Admiral of France|admiral of France}}, and was ambassador in England for three years, 1553–1556, maintaining a gallant but unsuccessful rivalry with the Spanish ambassador, {{w|Simon Renard}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Noailles
|zhs     = 诺瓦勒斯
|zhs_rm  = Nuòwǎlèsī
|zht     = 諾瓦勒斯
|zht_rm  = Nuòwǎlèsī
|ja      = ノワイユ
|ja_rm   = Nowaiyu
|ko      = 노아유
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Noailles
|fr      = Noailles
|ru      = Ноай
|th      = Noailles
|vi      = Noailles
|de      = Noailles
|id      = Noailles
|pt      = Noailles
|tr      = Noailles
|it      = Noailles
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}