{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Noble's Pledging Vessel.png
|set   = Tenacity of the Millelith
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A golden cup used by the Millelith to take their oaths. Still bears the lovely scent of wine.}}
'''Noble's Pledging Vessel''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Tenacity of the Millelith]].

==Description==
When the Millelith was first founded, [[Liyue]] was still a savage and dangerous place. The elders of towns, villages, and tribes would pledge oaths of allegiance with a golden cup.<br />As a show of loyalty to [[Rex Lapis]] and duty to their countrymen,<br />They selected valiant soldiers from all regions. These soldiers became known as the [[Millelith]].<br />They would go on to take up arms with a [[Bosacius|yaksha]] in battle, fighting from the rearguard. They too drank from that golden cup.<br />It was a final toast to the benevolent and majestic Lord of Geo. With their gaze fixed ahead of them, they stormed into the abyss.<br />Hundreds of years later, a conceited adventurer retrieved the cup from the depths of The Chasm and washed away the imperfections.<br />Miraculously, the cup remained whole and untarnished by the passage of time. The pitch-dark of that subterranean realm had failed to remove its radiance.<br />Yet more centuries passed. Eventually, the people of Liyue would tell tales of an era of catastrophe and a nameless yaksha,<br />Tales of how heroes from disparate heritages and different lands united under a single banner against the Abyss...<br />Inevitably, the tale would touch upon the cup, and how the blood of those that went before remained clear and spotless as the day it was spilled.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Noble's Pledging Vessel
|zhs     = 盟誓金爵
|zhs_rm  = Méngshì Jīn Jué
|zht     = 盟誓金爵
|zht_rm  = Méngshì Jīn Jué
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 誓いの金杯
|ja_rm   = Chikai no Kinpai
|ja_tl   = Gilded Cup of Oath
|ko      = 맹세의 금잔
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Copa del Juramento
|es_tl   = Goblet of Pledging
|fr      = Coupe du serment
|fr_tl   = Goblet of Oath
|ru      = Золотой кубок клятвы
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Noble's Pledging Vessel
|vi      = Minh Thệ Kim Tước
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Edler Schwurkrug
|de_tl   = Noble Oath Jug
|id      = Noble's Pledging Vessel
|pt      = Taça Dourada do Juramento
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Tenacity of the Millelith}}