{{Location Infobox
|image        = Song of the Welkin Moon Wallpaper 2.png
|type         = Not Accessible
|region       = Snezhnaya
|area         = 
}}
'''Nod-Krai''' is an autonomous region located in the southernmost part of [[Snezhnaya]], on the edge of [[Teyvat]].<ref name="Let's Start with Nod-Krai">YouTube: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbDXwuUWxhY&ab_channel=GenshinImpact Behind the Scenes of Genshin Impact "Let's Start With Nod-Krai" | Genshin Impact #NodKrai]</ref> According to [[Liben]], people from all over Teyvat gather here, and "those not in the know would think that opportunities to get rich are everywhere there."<ref name="Liben Nov 2024">{{Ref/NPC|Liben}}</ref>

==Description==
Nod-Krai is especially hostile due to the harsh environment and lack of protective and regulative forces aside from the [[Voynich Guild]], and Liben warns the [[Traveler]] to be wary if they go there. Those that are suspected to hold a large amount of Mora are also painted as a target by others.<ref name="Liben Nov 2024" />

Nod-Krai includes locations such as [[Nasha Town]] where the "Speranza" operates, the [[Clink-Clank Krumkake Craftshop]] that produces many different inventions, as well as [[Hiisi Island]] that is home to the [[Frostmoon Scions]]. According to [[Helka]], the Frostmoon Scions are a strange group that lives in the wilds and forests surrounding Nod-Krai, and people do not generally look into and approach them. They also made several statues of a [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|moon deity]] and spread them all across Nod-Krai.<ref name="Helka Event Dialogue">{{Ref/Quest|Why Did a Member of a "Secret Organization" Come Here?}}</ref><ref>[[Song of the Welkin Moon]]</ref>

The people of Nod-Krai are able to use a special power that predates the seven elements of Teyvat. A [[Fatui]] stronghold operates in Nod-Krai, led by [[Il Dottore]].<ref name="Incandescent Ode of Resurrection>{{Ref/Quest|When All Becomes a Monument}}</ref> Before, the area was considered "dangerous yet lively," but in recent times, it has been more dangerous than usual. At some point, large-scale development was planned for the area, but no traces of it exist to the current day, unless one counts the many scraps lying around. There is also a type of crab species residing in the area far different from those found in [[Fontaine]]. At some point after Helka left to explore monsters from the other nations, the Fatui had returned and moved plenty of construction supplies in, with rumors swirling that one or several Fatui Harbingers were present too. There were also "bad" situations to the north regarding [[Abyss]] influence.<ref name="Helka Event Dialogue" />

Following the [[cataclysm]], Nod-Krai was one of the first locations to be attacked by the Abyss.<ref name="Let's Start with Nod-Krai"/>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Nod-Krai could possibly be taken from the {{w|Land of Nod}} ({{w|Hebrew}}: אֶרֶץ־נוֹד‎ – ʾereṣ-Nōḏ) a place mentioned in the {{w|Book of Genesis}} where {{w|Cain}} was exiled by God after Cain had murdered his brother {{w|Abel}}.
* {{Lang|{{w|Krais of Russia|Krai}}|ru=Край|ru_rm={{#invoke:ru-rm|main|Край}}}} is a type of {{W|Federal subjects of Russia|federal subject}} of the {{W|Russia|Russian Federation}}, {{W|Poland}}, {{W|Czechia}}, {{W|Slovakia}} and {{W|Latvia}}, with the word meaning "edge", "country" or "region" in Russian, Polish, Ukrainian, Belarussian and Bulgarian.

==Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Nod-Krai
|zhs      = 挪德卡莱
|zhs_rm   = Nuódé Kǎlái
|zht      = 挪德卡萊
|zht_rm   = Nuódé Kǎlái
|ja       = ナド・クライ
|ko       = 노드크라이
|es       = Nod Krai
|fr       = Nod-Krai
|ru       = Нод-Край
|th       = Nod-Krai
|vi       = Nod-Krai
|de       = Nod-Krai
|id       = Nod-Krai
|pt       = Nod-Krai
|tr       = Nod-Krai
|it       = Nod-Krai
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Snezhnaya}}

[[es:Nod Krai]]
[[fr:Nod-Krai]]
[[th:Nod-Krai]]
[[tr:Nod-Krai]]
[[vi:Nod-Krai]]