{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19092
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = II
|act           = Knightly Exam Prep
|description   = Noelle decides to emulate Kaeya by heading to the Angel's Share and attempting to gather intel on any threats to Mondstadt's security.<br />Noelle goes with the flow and ends up agreeing to work a shift as waitress at the tavern to help Charles out. This is not quite what the plan was, but Noelle is no quitter...
|startLocation = [[Angel's Share]], [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = 
|characters    = Traveler; Noelle; Charles
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Noelle the Intelligence Operative''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act II: [[Knightly Exam Prep]].

==Steps==
# Go to Angel's Share and gather intel
# Serve the Death After Noon to Payne
# Go to the second floor and clear the tables (0/12)
# Talk to Charles

==Trial Character==
{{Transclude|Noelle's_Strength|Trial Character}}

==Dialogue==
===Copying the Cavalry Captain===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Oh, it's the Honorary Knight and Noelle. Can I get you a drink? ...A non-alcoholic drink, of course.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No need... We didn't come here to drink...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I wanted to ask if... um, if there's been anyone... causing any trouble in the tavern lately?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Troublemakers? Hmm, let me think... Actually, there was one.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, really?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' It's that guy drinking at that table over there... Payne. He keeps ordering refills of our strongest drink, Death After Noon.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 04.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Look at how he's wobbling. If he passes out drunk, that could spell trouble.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... that certainly sounds like a lot of trouble... although, that's not quite what I was asking about...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Umm... Is there anything in the tavern that has been... out of the ordinary lately?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 05.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Out of the ordinary? Hmm, let me think.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 06.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Yes, as a matter of fact, there is. There are still some empty glasses on the tables upstairs that need clearing away. Must have been left there by the customers this morning.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 07.ogg}} '''Charles:''' But I am busy with the accounts at the moment, and if I can't find time to clear the tables before the evening crowd arrives, things could get difficult.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Really? That sounds truly terrible... Maybe I can help?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, you're forgetting why we're here...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... Sorry, I couldn't help myself...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ahem... Mr. Charles, what I was really trying to ask was...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 08.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Oh, I know! You wanted to know if you could help out, right?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 09.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Surely that would be asking too much... I have yet to thank you properly for helping us move those kegs last time, and here you are offering to help again... I couldn't accept your offer in good conscience...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 10.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Err... that being said... we are quite overwhelmed right now. So if it's all the same to you, Ma'am, would you mind serving the customers for a while?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Umm... Umm...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' O&mdash;Okay then. It seems you are in great need of assistance...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 11.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Oh, thanks a million. I will leave you to serve the customers, then. Start by taking this Death After Noon to Payne, and then maybe you can clear the tables on the second floor?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 12.ogg}} '''Charles:''' That should put us back on track. Okay, I should get on with the accounts, so for now I will leave the running of the tavern in your capable hands.<!--Voice-Over was updated in v2.4 but not the text line.-->
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wow... So this is what happens when I try to go with the flow...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It appears that Captain Kaeya's way with words does not come the most naturally to me...
:{{DIcon}} I can't say I'm completely surprised...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... But waitressing in the tavern should be a good means of gathering intel, right? It's quite a common motif in the books I've read.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I just need to keep my eyes and ears open while I'm helping Charles with the tavern duties.

;(Talk to Charles again)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909201 charles 13.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Thanks, I'll leave the tavern in your capable hands.

;(Serve the Death After Noon to Payne)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Excuse me, Payne, here is the drink you ordered...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 01.ogg}} '''Payne:''' *hic* Wha&mdash; What's that? Put it to one side... I think I need to sober up...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 02.ogg}} '''Payne:''' This drink is strong... *hic* ...I don't feel so good...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mr. Payne! Are you alright? Do you need to take a rest...?
:{{DIcon}} This is a tricky situation...
:{{DIcon}} How are we supposed to get any intel out of this guy?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm, let me think... If I'm not mistaken, Captain Kaeya would first get his subject drunk before asking them any questions...
:{{DIcon}} Surely he's too drunk to tell us anything by now...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' This... appears to be true... We must find another approach...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... Captain Kaeya would probably appear cordial and sincere as a means to convince his subject to lower their guard, would he not?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' One must start by focusing on the person's individual circumstances and communicate a complete willingness to help, then slowly move the conversation in the desired direction...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ooh, but how can I offer to help Mr. Payne right here and now...?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've got it! Perhaps the dried fruits that I prepared for my exam could help him to sober up?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ahem... Mr. Payne, please eat this... It will make you feel better...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 03.ogg}} '''Payne:''' What's this...? Tastes sweet and sour...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 04.ogg}} '''Payne:''' Whew... I do feel slightly better now...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 05.ogg}} '''Payne:''' Oh, you're... Noelle, isn't it? And next to you is...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mr. Payne! Are you feeling any better? Is there anything you wish to tell me?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 06.ogg}} '''Payne:''' Next to you is... Ah, it's the Death After Noon that I ordered! Did you bring this to my table? Thanks, Noelle!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 07.ogg}} '''Payne:''' Haha... *hic* This drink... is so strong...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mr. Payne? Mr. Payne!
:{{DIcon}} Back to drunkenness again...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' How can this be...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Drinking like this is disastrous for one's health...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe plying the customers with alcohol isn't the best approach...
:{{DIcon}} You could just listen in on their conversations instead.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm, perhaps... Although, maybe it would be easier if there were a few more customers?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Oh, Mr. Charles also asked me to clear the tables on the second floor...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If the second floor is filled with customers, perhaps I will have the opportunity to overhear a thing or two?

;(Talk to Payne again)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 payne 08.ogg}} '''Payne:''' That was a great drink... Same again, please...

;(Go to the second floor and clear the tables)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's such a mess... I must clear everything away quickly so that we can serve more customers!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So many stains... Once the tables are clear, they will need to be washed with a good detergent...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' We're almost done! Ah, a clean and tidy environment always brightens my mood!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909203 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Phew, finally, all clear. Let's go check in with Charles.

;(Talk to Charles)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mr. Charles, everything has been dealt with.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Is there anything else you need help with?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Wow, already? Uhh... The customer at the table by the window just ordered a couple of things. Would you mind taking care of them?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Okay, leave it all to me!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Huh, with Noelle here, the tavern feels livelier than ever.

:'''Noelle works busily at the tavern, late into the night...'''

:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Phew... It's not easy working at a tavern.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... at least it's over now.
:{{DIcon}} Well done! Did you manage to gather any intel?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well done to you too! ...Oh. Ah... intel...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No! I got so caught up with working that I completely forgot we were here to gather intel.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wh&mdash;What should I do? There are hardly any customers left that I could talk to...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, am I so incapable of handling even a simple task like this...?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' *sigh* Thanks for all your help today, Noelle!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 04.ogg}} '''Charles:'''  I've been a bartender here for more than a decade, and I've never seen a happier crowd of drinkers than the ones who were here tonight.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 05.ogg}} '''Charles:''' I can only assume that with you serving the customers, the wine tasted all the sweeter.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm quite sure that can't be true... I didn't do anything particularly special.<!--
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 06.ogg}} '''Charles:''' The Angel's Share has always been Mondstadt's most popular tavern...--><!-- not used -->
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 07.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Customers don't come here purely for the drinks. They come for what the drink represents &mdash; some time to relax after a long day of work...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 08.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Often, customers choose this tavern not just for the quality of the drinks we serve, but also for the great atmosphere.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 09.ogg}} '''Charles:''' You may not have brewed the wine, or even mixed the drinks... But for many customers, service with a smile is what makes the difference between a glass of wine and a great night out.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 10.ogg}} '''Charles:''' It seems this tavern could do with more than just a single bartender. What we need is some proper waiting staff to really take care of the customers. Perhaps I could convince the boss to hire a waitress...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 11.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Anyway, I digress. Thanks again for all your help tonight!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wow... I am so glad to know I made everyone so happy...
:{{DIcon}} It's okay that you didn't collect any intel.
:{{DIcon}} You are looking after Mondstadt in your own way.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... Even though I failed to imitate Captain Kaeya...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It looks like I was still able to help those in need.
:{{DIcon}} It's the same with an exam. You'll always have strengths and weaknesses.
:{{DIcon}} It's the same with an exam. Just aim to do well in the things you're good at.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... I will keep that in mind.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Thank you, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 12.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Ahem... Heh... Sorry to interrupt, I sense that it's probably not the best moment...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 13.ogg}} '''Charles:''' However... Could I ask for one last little favor?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 14.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Drinking to make merry is all well and good, but passing out drunk in my tavern... That's a pain.
:{{DIcon}} Who needs to be taken home?
:{{DIcon}} Someone passed out?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909205 charles 15.ogg}} '''Charles:''' *sigh* Payne ordered two more Deaths After Noon over the course of the night...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Noelle the Intelligence Operative
|zhs     = 诺艾尔的情报工作
|zhs_rm  = Nuò'ài'ěr de Qíngbào Gōngzuò
|zht     = 諾艾爾的情報工作
|zht_rm  = Nuò'ài'ěr de Qíngbào Gōngzuò
|zh_tl   = Noelle's Intelligence Work
|ja      = ノエルの情報収集仕事
|ja_rm   = Noeru no Jouhou-shuushuu Shigoto
|ja_tl   = Noelle's Information Gathering Job
|ko      = 노엘의 정보 처리
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Agente Noelle
|es_tl   = Agent Noelle
|fr      = Noëlle, agent du renseignement
|fr_tl   = Noelle, Intelligence Agent
|ru      = Следователь Ноэлль
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = หัวหน้ากองทหารม้า Noelle
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Cavalry Commander Noelle
|vi      = Công vệc tình báo của Noelle
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Noelles Geheimdienstarbeit
|de_tl   = Noelle's Secret Service Work
|id      = Noelle, Detektif Intelijen
|id_tl   = Noelle, Intelligence Detective
|pt      = Noelle a Agente de Inteligência
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}