{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Noelle
|id             = 368122
|image          = Character Noelle Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Noelle''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A maid's work...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Nice and clean...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'll go wash up...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Time to clean up...,
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My chivalric training...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'm at your service!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Good to see you again!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo noelle mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Hello, (Traveler)! I'm so happy to see you again!
:{{A|vo noelle mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Can I do anything for you? I'm at your service.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Noelle''' I love the atmosphere here, as I'm sure you'd expect.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Noelle''' The exterior is spacious and very pleasant, and the interior is exquisitely decorated.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Noelle''' I do believe it's the finest estate I've ever seen!
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Noelle''' The only problem is...
::{{DIcon}} Problem? What is it?
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Compared to Mondstadt, there is far too little here for a maid to do.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Noelle''' It feels a little too relaxing...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Noelle''' It would be my pleasure!
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Do you know something? Ever since I came here, I don't believe I've picked up a single item of lost property.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Noelle''' I'm still not used to it...
::{{DIcon}} ...Huh?
:::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 04a.ogg}} '''Noelle''' What I mean is, I often used to find odds and ends while performing my cleaning duties.
::{{DIcon}} Wait, so you go around collecting random lost items?
:::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 04b.ogg}} '''Noelle''' N&mdash;No, they're just items I find while cleaning...
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Noelle''' For example... A faded headband under a cabinet.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Or a ball hidden in a bush by a kitten.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Or a bookmark in a corner of the library, keys dropped at the side of the road, an unsigned letter of confession stuck in the door of the church...
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like cleaning is quite exhausting...
:::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 08a.ogg}} '''Noelle''' No, no, not at all! It is a great honor to perform my duties.
::{{DIcon}} Where do all these things end up?
:::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 08b.ogg}} '''Noelle''' I always do my utmost to reunite each item with its owner! But the ones that go unclaimed remain at the Knights of Favonius headquarters.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Speaking of cleaning...
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Noelle''' This place always seems so clean and tidy.
::{{DIcon}} In no small part due to your efforts.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Thank you...!
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Noelle''' It's always very fulfilling to work here! More so than when I'm cleaning for the Knights or anywhere else.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Because... this is your home.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Huh? You're asking me...?
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Noelle''' I... I want to take your measurements and make an outfit for you.
::{{DIcon}} Where has that idea come from?
::{{DIcon}} So you even know how to sew, too?
:::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 03b.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Oh, of course... They... don't call me the, uh, "Wondermaid" for nothing...
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Noelle''' If you wore clothes that I made for you...
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Noelle''' It'd most certainly be a wonderfully momentous occasion...
::{{DIcon}} Well, if you insist... Much obliged!
::{{DIcon}} I'll be sure to get you something in return.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Okay... Alright then...
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Excellent! Time to get busy-busy again!
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Only, this must be the happiest kind of busy in all of Teyvat.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Noelle.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Good morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Noelle''' The temperature has been fluctuating greatly as of late, so please take care to not catch a cold.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Noelle.
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo noelle mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Noelle''' Should you require a glass of hot milk or a lullaby, I will see to it without delay.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Weapon Forging Station===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md noel blacksmith 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' These facilities will make it much easier to maintain our weapons.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md noel blacksmith 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' After all, I must be ready for battle at any moment if I am to protect everyone.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md noel blacksmith 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Thank you for doing this. You... are also someone I want to protect.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Amidst Whispering Winds===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md noel bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Did you arrange all of this yourself?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md noel bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' To have you do such strenuous work yourself... I should have come to your aid earlier. I have neglected my duty as a maid.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md noel bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' You must be tired after a hard day's work. I'll brew you some tea and prepare your favorite snacks. Please rest well.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Noelle/Compagnia]]
[[ja:ノエル/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Ноэлль/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Noelle/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Noelle/Bạn Đồng Hành]]