{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19090
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = II
|act           = Knightly Exam Prep
|description   = Noelle reveals to you that she is very anxious about the Knights of Favonius selection exam. At your suggestion, she decides to emulate the knights she knows in an attempt to overcome her sense of unease.
|startLocation = [[Stormbearer Mountains]], [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = Substitute Acting Grand Master Noelle
|next2         = Noelle the Intelligence Operative
|characters    = Traveler; Noelle
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Noelle Rides Out''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act II: [[Knightly Exam Prep]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Stormbearer Mountains and gather [[Fresh Valberry|fresh Valberries]]
# Defeat opponents
#* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=4}}
# Head to the hilichurl camp and place the Baron Bunny
# Defeat opponents
#* {{Enemy List|Pyro Hilichurl Shooter;Wooden Shield Mitachurl;Hilichurl Berserker*2;Hilichurl Fighter*3|#*}}

==Trial Character==
{{Transclude|Noelle's_Strength|Trial Character}}

==Dialogue==
===Outrider 101===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Obtain [[Fresh Valberry]])
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, this should be plenty of Valberries...
:;(Pyro slimes appear)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh? Pyro Slimes? Perfect, they can provide us with another ingredient we need.

;(After obtaining all materials)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' [[Pyro Slime Condensate]]... Crushed Valberries...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Good! Now I can start to make a Baron Bunny!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mm-hmm... Through here... Conceal the stitch... Done!
:{{DIcon}} It looks just like the ones Amber makes! Noelle, you are very handy!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Far from it... I know it looks the part on the outside, but I still don't know if it will really work...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' There should be a hilichurl camp nearby. Let's place the Baron Bunny there and try it out.

;(Head to the hilichurl camp and place the Baron Bunny)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah! The hilichurls are coming back. Let's see if the Baron Bunny gets their attention.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' What's going on... They're completely ignoring the Baron Bunny...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909001 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' They're coming this way! (Traveler), watch out!

;(After defeating opponents)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ohhhh....
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...It neither attracted their attention nor exploded... In the end, all I managed to recreate was the outward appearance...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps Amber controls it using her Pyro abilities...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I suppose the conclusion is: I can't become an Outrider like Amber.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... Maybe I am not yet ready to carry out the work of a fully qualified knight...
:{{DIcon}} Or maybe you're just not suited to becoming an Outrider...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... I just can't think of what else I could do...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Every time I've looked forward to passing the exam, I always ended up disappointed in the end...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Whenever I remember that feeling of disappointment, I stop being able to think about what kind of knight I could become...
:{{DIcon}} You could become an Acting Grand Master, like Jean.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} You could become a Cavalry Captain, like Kaeya.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} You could become an Acting Grand Master, like Jean.
:'''Noelle:''' M&mdash;Master Jean!? How could I ever become someone great like her?
:'''Noelle:''' Master Jean is a pillar of the Knights of Favonius and a great source of inspiration to me... If I could gain even one or two of her qualities, I would be very happy.
:'''Noelle:''' But the thought of becoming a knight just like her in every way... I could never achieve that.
:{{DIcon}} Just set a goal first. We can start from the smaller details.
:'''Noelle:''' Y&mdash;You think so? ...I suppose if the goal is set so high that I couldn't hope to achieve it right away, I won't be too disappointed day to day...
:'''Noelle:''' But... where to start? I can't imagine what I would need to do to become more like Master Jean...
:{{DIcon}} Jean doesn't always sit in her office.
:{{DIcon}} Jean often helps out the locals around town.
:'''Noelle:''' Oh... That's true, Master Jean is always lending a hand to citizens in need... So strong, but so gentle, too...
:'''Noelle:''' I still don't think I can do what Master Jean does... But at least I could start by trying to be gentle like her.
:'''Noelle:''' Okay, then let's head back to Mondstadt and see if anyone needs help.
:;(Proceed to [[Substitute Acting Grand Master Noelle]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} You could become a Cavalry Captain, like Kaeya.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' C&mdash;Captain Kaeya? No, I could never manage that...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Captain Kaeya has his own way of thinking and planning... Sometimes, I can barely understand it, and as for imitating it...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I simply wouldn't know where to begin.
:{{DIcon}} Kaeya doesn't spend every second of every day on making big plans.
:{{DIcon}} You can start with some smaller details.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, so you mean I should focus on smaller steps in order to achieve a larger goal?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I suppose with smaller goals, I won't be disappointed day-to-day... Since the larger goal is so light, I couldn't hope to achieve it immediately.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' In which case... Hmmm... Captain Kaeya seems to be in the habit of fishing for information at the Angel's Share.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' That's pretty small... and yet... I heard that the reason we were able to arrest those Treasure Hoarders last time was thanks to Captain Kaeya's intel.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's start with the Angel's Share.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Alright... I hope I can find some intel that proves useful to Mondstadt...
:;(Proceed to [[Noelle the Intelligence Operative]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Noelle Rides Out
|zhs     = 诺艾尔的侦察行动
|zhs_rm  = Nuò'ài'ér de Zhēnchá Xíngdòng
|zht     = 諾艾爾的偵察行動
|zht_rm  = Nuò'ài'ér de Zhēnchá Xíngdòng
|zh_tl   = Noelle's Scouting Action
|ja      = ノエルの偵察行動
|ja_rm   = Noeru no Teisatsu Koudou
|ja_tl   = Noelle's Scouting Action
|ko      = 노엘의 정찰 작전
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Noelle exploradora
|es_tl   = Explorer Noelle
|fr      = Noëlle, agent de reconnaissance
|fr_tl   = Noelle, Scouting Agent
|ru      = Разведывательная операция Ноэлль
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = อัศวินลาดตระเวน Noelle
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Knight Scout Noelle
|vi      = Hành động điều tra của Noelle
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Noelles Erkundungsfahrt
|de_tl   = Noelle's Exploratory Trip
|id      = Noelle, Operasi Pengintaian
|id_tl   = Noelle, Scouting Operation
|pt      = Superação da Noelle
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}