{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19064
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = I
|act           = Chivalric Training
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Maid-in-Training
|next          = Live Practice
|next2         = Strength Training
|characters    = Traveler; Ellin; Noelle; Paimon
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Noelle's Strength''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Chivalric Training]].

==Steps==
#Go to the training ground
#Talk to [[Noelle]]
#Destroy all the training dummies within the time limit

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Noelle
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Whiteblind
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 25,362
|atk8                    = 1,538
|def8                    = 1,558
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
===Training Ground===
{{Quest Description|Noelle, who aims to become a Knight of Favonius, has shared her troubles with you and hopes that you'll be able to help her with her chivalric training. To display the fruits of her daily training to her, Noelle takes you to the Knights' training ground...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Ellin)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 01.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Hi, Noelle! Are you here for the training too?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 02.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Oh? Our Honorary Knight has come too.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hi, Ellin! I was just asking the Honorary Knight for training advice.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' They want to see my basic skills first...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Do you still have spare training dummies here?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 03.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Oh, Noelle's basic skills, huh? Then the normal dummies won't do...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 04.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Doesn't matter how we set them up, there'll be nothing left by the time Noelle's done with them.
:{{DIcon}} Nothing left...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 05.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' It is Noelle after all! Let me think... How should I arrange them...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 06.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Ah! I've got it. One moment!
:;(14 training dummies are set up)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 07.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' This will work much better for Noelle!
:{{DIcon}} Really? This won't be too difficult for her?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... Could be a problem... There sure are a lot...
:{{DIcon}} Right? Surely it's too much.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It'll certainly require one heck of a clean-up.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why is Noelle... Is she planning to destroy them all in one go?

;(Talk to Ellin again)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 08.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Go, Noelle! You can do it!

;(Fail to destroy all in time)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 ellin 09.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' *sigh* What a pity... So close! Wanna try again?
----
;(After destroying them all)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906401 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...She really got all of them!

:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Whew! Finally, clean-up over!
:{{DIcon}} Such incredible strength...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Y&mdash;You're... too kind! Praise from the Honorary Knight is high praise indeed...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But sadly I'm afraid that... my strength is the only thing I truly am confident in...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Every time I train and compete with the knights, I can't figure out how to use it.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Even though I swing my blade with greater force than my opponent, I always seem to lose in the final moments.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No matter how hard I train, I can never pass the selection trials.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Why? I just can't figure it out...
:{{DIcon}} Is it because you lack real-world fighting experience?
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Because... You still need more strength!
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Is it because you lack real-world fighting experience?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Real-world fighting experience?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, you've always worked as a maid in Mondstadt, right?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, you rarely leave Mondstadt for training, right?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I guess... That's true.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' After all, if I were to leave the city, I wouldn't be there when people needed me...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But you're right, I haven't had much real-world fighting experience... Where can I get some?
:{{DIcon}} You could start by training in the areas around Mondstadt.
:{{DIcon}} Slimes are a good starting point.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Areas around Mondstadt... Slimes... leave them to me!
:;(Proceed to [[Live Practice]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Because... You still need more strength!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' More... strength...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But of course... Compared the the Honorary Knight, who defeated Stormterror, I don't have nearly enough strength...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Please teach me, Honorary Knight! How do you normally train?
:{{DIcon}} I use my sword for mining all over Teyvat.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mining? You use your sword for... mining?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Then again... mining builds arm strength... and then there's the hiking between ore veins... perhaps even a monster or two to fight along the way...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So this is the Honorary Knight's training method, right? I must try it!
:{{DIcon}} Prepare yourself, mining isn't as easy as you think.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906402 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No problem! Leave it to me!
:;(Proceed to [[Strength Training]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Noelle's Strength
|zhs     = 诺艾尔的力量
|zhs_rm  = Nuò'ài'ěr de Lìliàng
|zht     = 諾艾爾的力量
|zht_rm  = Nuò'ài'ěr de Lìliàng
|zh_tl   = Noelle's Strength
|ja      = ノエルの力
|ja_rm   = Noeru no Chikara
|ja_tl   = Noelle's Strength
|ko      = 노엘의 힘
|ko_rm   = No'el-ui Him
|ko_tl   = Noelle's Strength
|es      = La fuerza de Noelle
|es_tl   = Noelle's Strength
|fr      = La puissance de Noëlle
|fr_tl   = Noelle's Power
|ru      = Сила Ноэлль
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ความแข็งแกร่งของ Noelle
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Noelle's Strength
|vi      = Sức Mạnh Noelle
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Noelles Stärke
|de_tl   = Noelle's Strength
|id      = Kekuatan Noelle
|id_tl   = Noelle's Strength
|pt      = Poder de Noelle
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}