{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Enemy Nobushi - Kikouban.png
|deceased         = Killed by falling rocks in [[The Oni's Pride]]
|region           = Inazuma
|title            = Leader
|voiceEN          = [https://www.jdcvoices.com/ Jordan Dash Cruz]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/dashcruzva/status/1470812964907274244 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Nogata''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the [[Taurus Iracundus Chapter]], Act I: [[Rise Up, Golden Soul]].

==Profile==
Nogata is the leader of a ronin group based in [[Tatarasuna]], robbing those who travel between it and [[Yashiori Island]]. At some point, he took in the blue oni [[Takuya]], likely for the additional manpower despite disagreeing with the oni's values and acquired a rare paper charm that would allow him to destroy his hideout if it was ever compromised.

Nogata and his crew would rob and kidnap various Inazumans and keep them hostage in their hideout, with Takuya participating in them. As many Inazumans believed the blue oni had died out, Takuya was mistaken for  [[Arataki Itto]], the only other known oni on the islands. The [[Tenryou Commission]] posted a commission to apprehend Itto, which was taken by the [[Traveler]], although after learning of Itto's intentions, began to help him. The Traveler and Itto managed to find Nogata's hideout and free all of the hostages before confronting him and Takuya. Nogata threatened to blow the hideout up by tearing the paper charm and attempted to do so, but the charm had been taken by Takuya, who stated that he had violated the agreement they had made before being sucker punched by Itto.

When the Tenryou Commission arrived, Nogata recovered and lunged at Takuya, resulting in a struggle that tore the charm apart. Before Nogata could escape, he was crushed by a falling rock.

===Personality===
Nogata, like many vagrants of Inazuma, are criminals who are solely interested in making [[Mora]]. However, he and his gang are particularly ruthless, resorting to mass kidnapping and not hestitating to eliminate innocent bystanders.

===Appearance===
Nogata shares the same appearance as [[Nobushi: Kikouban|Kikouban Nobushi]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Nogata
|zhs     = 野方
|zhs_rm  = Yěfāng
|zht     = 野方
|zht_rm  = Yěfāng
|ja      = 野方
|ja_rm   = Nogata
|ko      = 노가타
|ko_rm   = Nogata
|es      = Nogata
|fr      = Nogata
|ru      = Ногата
|th      = Nogata
|vi      = Nogata
|de      = Nogata
|id      = Nogata
|pt      = Nogata
|tr      = Nogata
|it      = Nogata
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}