{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20058
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Nora
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|characters    = Grace; Nora; Paimon; Traveler
|otherRewards  = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Nora, Run!''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Nora]].
#Arrive at the destination.
#*Reach the target location within 300 second(s).
#Talk to Nora.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Nora wants to play on top of the statue, but Sister [[Grace]] forbids her to...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Nora)
:'''Nora:''' Hmm, what to do...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Nora:''' See the Anemo Archon statue? Now, look up there, the really high bit... where the archon's hands are.
:'''Nora:''' I wanna go play up there... But Grace won't let me climb the statue.
:'''Nora:''' Please can you go and talk to Grace for a bit? Don't let her look this way. I climb really quickly, I'll be up there in no time...
:{{DIcon}} I guess I can do that...
::'''Nora:''' Yay, thanks!
::'''Nora:''' Go and distract Aunty Grace for a minute, I'll go up right now...
:;(Grace walks over)
::'''Grace:''' Nora! No!
::'''Grace:''' Phew, I look away for one second and she starts bothering you. I do apologize.
::'''Nora:''' Whyyy! I just wanna play up there for a little bit...
::'''Grace:''' No means no! Your father would not approve either.
::'''Grace:''' And you &mdash; please refrain from indulging her! People would be just as worried about you if you did something so dangerous.
:;(Grace leaves)
::'''Nora:''' Wah...
:{{DIcon}} It's much too dangerous.
::'''Nora:''' It'll be fine, I'm really good at climbing!
:;(The rest is the same as the above response)
:{{DIcon}} What do you want to do up there?
:'''Nora:''' Aunty Grace says that if you want to tell someone a secret, you just need to tell it to a dandelion then throw it to the wind... The Anemo Archon will carry the dandelion seeds and the secret you told it to the person you want.
:'''Nora:''' And the higher you throw it into the wind from, the faster your message will get there...
:'''Nora:''' This one time, Glory got an adventurer to climb up the statue and throw some dandelion seeds into the wind for her. Just a few days later, Godwin wrote her a letter back!
:'''Nora:''' I have a secret to tell daddy, and I already got a dandelion.
:'''Nora:''' But Aunty Grace won't let me do it. She says that I can go back and live with daddy when I've grown up.
:'''Nora:''' I wish there was a way to grow up faster... I'm trying as hard as I can, but I'm still so short...
:'''Nora:''' Oh yeah&mdash; I always see you gliding around in the city. Can you teach me? How do you do it?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll show you how.
::'''Nora:''' Hee-hee, yay! I'll just stand by and watch, I'm sure I'm allowed to do that.
:{{DIcon}} You wanna glide with me?
::'''Nora:''' No way! Aunty Grace would go mad if she saw me doing that.
----
;(Quest mission begins)
:'''Nora:''' Go! Go! Go! Give it all you've got!

;(Between checkpoint #1 and #2)
:'''Paimon:''' Easy!

;(After reaching checkpoint #6)
:'''Paimon:''' Er... Paimon wouldn't stand there if Paimon was you...

;(After reaching checkpoint #9)
:'''Paimon:''' Nora's already made it there... Looks like it's all over.
----
;(Talk to Nora after the mission)
:'''Nora:''' Wooow! When I'm bigger, will I be able to glide like that?
:{{DIcon}} For sure!
::'''Nora:''' Woohoo! I'm gonna grow up as fast as possible, then, when daddy's finished his work, he can play with me!
:{{DIcon}} After you've got your gliding license, sure!
::'''Nora:''' Gliding license? What's that? It sounds complicated...
:'''Nora:''' But maybe it's easier for grown-ups.
:'''Nora:''' Thank you. Here, this is a present for you. It's some treasure that I collected in secret.
:'''Nora:''' Quick, take it... Also, don't tell Aunty Grace!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Nora, Run!
|zhs     = 诺拉快跑！
|zhs_rm  = Nuòlā Kuài Pǎo!
|zht     = 諾拉快跑！
|zht_rm  = Nuòlā Kuài Pǎo!
|zh_tl   = Nora, Quickly Run!
|ja      = 走れ、ノーラ！
|ja_rm   = Hashire, Noora!
|ja_tl   = Run, Nora!
|ko      = 노라, 빨리 도망쳐!
|ko_tl   = Nora, Run Quickly!
|es      = ¡Corre, Nora!
|es_tl   = Run, Nora!
|fr      = Cours, Nora, cours !
|fr_tl   = Run, Nora, Run!
|ru      = Нора, беги!
|ru_tl   = Nora, Run!
|th      = วิ่งสิ Nora!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Run, Nora!
|vi      = Nora mau chạy đi!
|vi_tl   = Run, Nora!
|de      = Renn, Nora!
|de_tl   = Run, Nora!
|id      = Nora, Lari!
|id_tl   = Nora, Run!
|pt      = Nora, Corra!
|pt_tl   = Nora, Run!
|tr      = Nora, Koş!
|tr_tl   = Nora, Run!
|it      = Corri, Nora, corri!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:¡Corre, Nora!]]
[[ja:走れ、ノーラ！]]