<noinclude>{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Scaling
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Talent Past Memories.png
|type         = Combat Talents
}}</noinclude>
'''Normal Attack''' is the name of both a type of attack and a [[Talent]] for characters. Despite the shared name, "Normal Attack" typically refers to the type of attack rather than the Talent.

The Normal Attack Talent includes Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, and Plunging Attacks. Each character has access to their Normal Attack [[Talent]] from the start.

Normal Attacks as a type of attack are colloquially known as ''Auto Attack'' and are typically a series of 3–6 strikes corresponding with the number of button presses.

[[Catalyst]] characters deal {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} with all their attacks (Normal, Charged, and Plunging), while bow characters can only deal {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} with their Charged Attack.

All other characters deal {{Color|Physical DMG}}. Some Talents can change the {{Color|Physical DMG}} to {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} via [[Elemental Infusion]].

==Charged Attacks==
{{Main|Charged Attack}}
'''Charged Attacks''' are performed by holding the Normal Attack button. These attacks are usually stronger, but take slightly longer to perform and typically consume [[Stamina]]. [[Bow]] characters are an exception; Stamina is not consumed in Aimed Shot mode and charging up an attack is only needed to make it deal [[Elemental]] Damage.

==Plunging Attacks==
{{Main|Plunging Attack}}
'''Plunging Attacks''' are performed by pressing the Normal Attack button while airborne. A standard jump on a generally flat surface typically does not give enough altitude to perform such an attack, so height support is needed to achieve this.

Using a Plunge Attack from a great altitude can drastically reduce or even negate the amount of [[Fall Damage]] taken. In certain circumstances, such as being knocked back by an enemy or being forced to walk off a ledge after going [[Out of Bounds]], Plunge Attacks cannot be used while falling.

==Normal Attack Talents==
{{Talents by Category Table|Normal Attacks|notype=1|collapsed=1}}

==Normal Attack Damage Increase==
===Talents===
====Percentage====
{{Talents by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Increase Talents&DMG Bonus Talents}}

====Flat====
{{Talents by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Increase Talents&Additive Base DMG Bonus Talents}}

====Multiplicative====
{{Talents by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Increase Talents&Base DMG Multiplier Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{See also|Normal Attack Level Increase}}
====Percentage====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Increase Constellations&DMG Bonus Constellations}}

====Flat====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Increase Constellations&Additive Base DMG Bonus Constellations}}

====Multiplicative====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Increase Constellations&Base DMG Multiplier Constellations}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Increase Artifacts}}

===Weapons===
These weapons can modify Normal Attack damage specifically. For weapons that boost all DMG in general, see [[Damage Bonus]].

====Percentage====
{{Weapons by Category Table|Normal Attack DMG Bonus Passive Weapons}}

====Flat====
{{Weapons by Category Table|Normal Attack Additive Base DMG Bonus Passive Weapons}}

==Effects Triggered by Normal Attack Use==
These are abilities that grant additional effects to the Normal Attack string.

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Effect Triggered by Normal Attack Use Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Effect Triggered by Normal Attack Use Constellations}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Effect Triggered by Normal Attack Use Passive Weapons}}

==Effects Triggered by Normal Attack Hit==
These are abilities that grant additional effects to the Normal Attack string.

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Effect Triggered by Normal Attack Hit Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Effect Triggered by Normal Attack Hit Constellations}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Effect Triggered by Normal Attack Passive Weapons}}

==Trivia==
*Using any Normal Attack (normal, charged, plunging), except [[Barbara]], [[Mona]], and [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Kokomi]]'s normal and Charged Attacks on [[NPC]]s, can cause them to flinch. Using them on certain [[wildlife]] like dogs will cause them to bark and run around the user in circles. Using them on cats will cause them to jump back and avoid the attack, sometimes causing them to do amusing air gymnastics.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Normal Attack
|zhs     = 普通攻击
|zhs_rm  = Pǔtōng Gōngjí
|zht     = 普通攻擊
|zht_rm  = Pǔtōng Gōngjí
|zh_tl   = Normal Attack
|ja      = 通常攻撃
|ja_rm   = Tsuujou Kougeki
|ja_tl   = Normal Attack
|ko      = 일반 공격
|ko_rm   = Ilban Gonggyeok
|ko_tl   = Normal Attack
|es      = Ataque Normal
|es_tl   = Normal Attack
|fr      = Attaque normale
|fr_tl   = Normal Attack
|ru      = Обычная атака
|ru_tl   = Normal Attack
|th      = โจมตีปกติ
|th_rm   = Chomti Pokti
|th_tl   = Normal Attack
|vi      = Tấn Công Thường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Standardangriff
|de_tl   = Default Attack
|id      = Normal Attack
|pt      = Ataque Normal
|pt_tl   = Normal Attack
|tr      = Normal Saldırı
|tr_tl   = Normal Attack
|it      = Attacco Normale
|it_tl   = Normal Attack
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Type Navbox}}
[[Category:Normal Attacks| ]]

[[de:Standardangriff]]
[[ja:通常攻撃]]
[[pt-br:Ataque Normal]]
[[ru:Обычная атака]]
[[th:โจมตีปกติ]]
[[vi:Tấn Công Thường]]