{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101894
|image        = Item Note of Unknown Origin III.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = You found this note in the mysterious space. Its content seems similar to that of a journal.
|source1      = [[At Tunnel's End, Light]]
}}
'''Note of Unknown Origin''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|At Tunnel's End, Light}}.

==Text==
'''Some Person's Notes'''

Note 1:<br>
My name is [[Boyang]]. Here I leave the record of all I know for future generations to see and learn from my experiences.

Note 2:<br>
My comrades and myself were ordered by the [[Qixing]] to take the [[Fantastic Compass]] to [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] and assist our [[Millelith]] champions. But the beasts in this place were incredibly terrifying, and our forces suffered terrible losses. If not for the aid of the yaksha, I fear that my brother and I might have been slain right there and then.

Note 3:<br>
This yaksha has four hands and behaves in a maddened fashion, even being unable to remember his own name. When in a crazed state, he refers to others around him as "[[Alatus]]" and "[[Menogias]]." He has mastery over the thunder, and his form is awe-inspiring &mdash; one that is destined to be remembered throughout history. We followed him into battle against the wicked beasts for ten-odd days, finally breaking out.

Note 4:<br>
A snake has its weakness seven inches below the head, and these monsters naturally have their weakness as well. Having discovered this, the yaksha has decided on a battle plan to target that weakness. In our previous battle, the surface of The Chasm was damaged, revealing a great and enigmatic underground palace in the bowels of the earth.<br>
We observed that the monsters would grow weak when approaching this domain, and so we guessed that there is some power there that greatly suppresses these beasts of [[Khaenri'ah]].

Note 5:<br>
...We have suffered too many losses. We must end this quickly. [[Rongzhao]] and I agreed that I would take the Fantastic Compass and lead a group of Millelith to follow the yaksha down into the underground palace. We will lure the beasts away and herd them into the depths of the palace.<br>
The seal... must be completed by myself and the yaksha within that place, with Rongzhao aiding us from the outside. That way, we can ensure that the seal will hold. If this works, The Chasm front will be secured. However, this means that I, the yaksha, and the Millelith with us will be left behind within the underground palace. Yet... the benefits are too great. We have to try this out.

Note 6:<br>
The warriors have observed day and night, and have confirmed that the beasts are heavily limited once they enter the underground palace, almost as if some power is eating away at them.<br>
Some of our wounded have sacrificed themselves, and others have split off from the main party in their confusion, never to return. Will the monsters... really be vanquished in this way?

Note 7:<br>
The unmatched strangeness of the underground palace is something I fear only I and the yaksha still live to witness. I do not know how much time has passed. The yaksha is gravely wounded and maddened. I fear he will not live long. As for me, though I remain clear-headed, I can feel fey moods setting in.<br>
I do not know how long I have been here. The yaksha urges me to depart, forgetting that staying here was the fate we chose.

Note 8:<br>
The underground palace is almost like a living being. When a breach first appeared in the ground, we leapt down below and gave battle, but even then I noticed that the breach was quietly closing. I'm not sure if that was the only tactic we could have chosen...<br>
And even when we attack the rifts, the rent-open spaces slowly regenerate. Well, they only regenerate slowly sometimes. Other times they can be swift &mdash; it is hard to say. Does this mean that when we damaged the ground in the fighting, we damaged the outer shell of this space? ... Have we accidentally entered the belly of some mighty leviathan, only to be slowly devoured by it?

Note 9:<br>
I believe that this should be the end of those wicked beasts. We have outlasted them all. I have tried many paths. There is no way out. The yaksha has fallen. Only I remain.<br>
I see my family, my wife, my children... They approach me &mdash; and then they pass through. I must be going mad! How else could I be seeing my family, who are in Liyue Harbor... I wish I could go home... But can I?

Note 10:<br>
...Rongzhao, sometimes I curse the fact that it was not you who had to undergo this torture. But Rongzhao... as your elder brother, I am glad that you survived. So tired... I can't think straight...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Note of Unknown Origin
|zhs     = 不知来历的纸条
|zhs_rm  = Bùzhī Láilì de Zhǐtiáo
|zht     = 不知來歷的紙條
|zht_rm  = Bùzhī Láilì de Zhǐtiáo
|ja      = 得体の知れない紙切れ
|ja_rm   = Etai no Shirenai Kamikire
|ko      = 출처를 알 수 없는 쪽지
|ko_rm   = Chulcheoreul Al Ssu Eomneun Jjokjji
|es      = Nota de origen desconocido
|fr      = Note d'origine inconnue
|ru      = Записка неизвестного происхождения
|th      = กระดาษโน้ตไม่ทราบที่มา
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Mảnh Giấy Không Rõ Lai Lịch
|de      = Notiz unbekannter Herkunft
|id      = Potongan Kertas yang Tak Jelas Sumbernya
|pt      = Nota de Origem Desconhecida
|tr      = Nereden Geldiği Bilinmeyen Not
|it      = Appunti di origini sconosciute
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

[[es:Nota de origen desconocido]]
[[id:Potongan Kertas yang Tak Jelas Sumbernya]]