{{Change History/Header|NPC}}
{{Main|NPC/Change History}}
[[Version 1.6]]
* Fixes an issue whereby NPCs in some quests would still disappear to hide from the rain.
* 10 quest-exclusive characters were released: [[Chai Yi]], [[Fei the Flyer]], [[Jinyou]], [[Liang]], [[Little De]], [[Rongjiang]], [[Rongshi]], [[Uncle Yun]], [[Xinxiu]], and [[Zhuhan]].
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* New NPC Shops: [[Changshun]] and [[Bolai]].
* 28 NPCs were released.
** 2 [[Serenitea Pot]] characters: [[Chubby]] and [[Tubby]].
** 23 quest-exclusive characters: [[Boris]], [[Bravo]], [[Daler]], [[Ivan]], [[Krosl]], [[Kun Jun]], [[Leno]], [[Ling]], [[Norman]], [[Missing Miners]] (Long, Bold Cen, Brave Cen, Mao), [[Norman]], [[Pyotr]], [[Randall]], [[Schubert]], [[Sergei]], [[Sha'yin]], [[Uncle Dai]], [[Wanyu]], [[Wei (No Mere Stone)|Wei]], [[Yonggui]], and [[Zhiqiao]].
** 3 event-exclusive characters: [[Gygax]], [[Hosseini]], and [[Yingzhu]].
----
[[Version 1.4]]
* Adjusts the English voice-over for certain NPCs.
* 20 NPCs were released.
** 18 quest-exclusive characters: [[Alois]], [[Belinda]], [[Caishan]], [[Chan'er]], [[Dalong]], [[Dandan]], [[Fu San'er]], [[Henning]], [[Junjun]], [[Little Le]], [[Lu Zheng]], [[Qianqian]], [[Royce]], [[Suspicious Citizen]], [[Uncle Jia]], [[Uwe]], [[Yuyan]], and [[Zhouliang]].
** 2 event-exclusive characters: [[Lizzie]] and [[Plauen]].
----
[[Version 1.3]]
* Fixes an issue whereby the models of two NPCs in Liyue Harbor overlap.
* 29 NPCs were released.
** 1 permanent character: [[Uncle Tian]].
** 20 quest-exclusive characters: [[Big G]], [[Congzi]], [[Dainsleif]], [[Female Believer]], [[Ji Tong]], [[Lanxi]], [[Little Wu]], [[Luocheng]], [[Male Believer]], [[Master of Stars]], [[Meng]], [[Mercantile Believer]], [[Mo]], [[Mumu]], [[Pervases]], [[Shu'yang]], [[Starsnatcher]], [[Xin Cheng]], [[Zhiping]], and [[Zhu Ming]].
** 8 event-exclusive characters: [[Bei'er]], [[Crafty]], [[Jingming]], [[Liuliu]], [[Ruijin]], [[Ruijin]], [[Wang'ya]], [[Xiaoyan]], and [[Yi'nian]].
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* Fixes an issue whereby Geo constructs may move NPCs from their positions.
* Added NPC Dialogue Auto-Play.
* 12 NPCs were released.
** 9 permanent characters: [[Esther]], [[Harris]], [[Iris (Dragonspine Adventurer Camp)|Iris]], [[Joel]], [[Knotty]], [[Orban]], [[Riese]], [[Stevens]], and [[Tommy]].
** 1 quest-exclusive character: [[Rosaria]].<!--Rosaria was later made a playable character in Version 1.4-->
** 2 event-exclusive characters: [[Ulman]] and [[Vadim]].
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* 45 NPCs were released.
** 11 permanent characters: [[Baishi]], [[Baiwen]], [[Baixiao]], [[Gongming]], [[Hertha]], [[Ms. Yu]], [[Youxu]], [[Zexuan]], [[Zhe'yuan]], [[Zheng]], and [[Zhenhai]].
** 11 quest-exclusive characters: [[Daipai]], [[Hanxue]], [[Huaqing]], [[Kliment]], [[Slick Wu]], [[Slippery Wu]], [[Sneaky Wu]], [[Timid Morrow]], [[Wanyan]], and [[Yixuan]].<!--excluded Ash-->
** 23 event-exclusive characters: [[Adler]], [[Ben]], [[Bro Huang]], [[Curious Zi'rui]], [[Edna]], [[Fritz]], [[Gao the Sixth]], [[Hartman]], [[Hughes]], [[Jinglun]], [[Joyce]], [[Laid Back Ling'guan]], [[Lao Cai]], [[Liben]], [[Niu Zhi]], and [[Scaramouche]].
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* NPCs were released.<!--
* 373 NPCs were released:
** 113 Mondstadt permanent characters
** 217 Liyue permanent characters
** 43 quest-exclusive charactersIncludes Ganyu, Tartaglia, Xiao, and Zhongli who were released as playable characters in future versions. Also includes Baizhu and Signora.-->