{{Item Infobox
|id           = 220008
|image        = Item NRE (Menu 30).png
|type         = Gadgets
|invCategory  = Gadgets
|quality      = 4
|effect       = A bag with two slots, one for HP recovery food and the other for Revival type food, accessible from hotbar.
|description  = A handy meal-in-a-pouch that can transform most foods into instantly absorbable nutritional matter. Despite the fact that it can greatly increase the efficiency of nutritional intake, most knights aren't too keen to put their food in it...
|recipe       = Reach [[Reputation]] Level 5 in [[Mondstadt]]
|recipeType   = Diagram
|reusable     = Yes
|usage        = Quick Use
|memento      = No
}}
'''NRE (Menu 30)''' is a reusable [[gadget]] that can be created through [[forging]]. The [[Diagram: NRE (Menu 30)|diagram]] can be obtained by reaching [[Reputation]] Level 5 in [[Mondstadt]].

It allows the user to equip and use restorative and revival food during battles. This gadget will prioritize using revival food and restoring the health of the characters on the first character slot.

==Gameplay Notes==
* This bag has two slots, one for HP recovery food and the other for Revival type food.
* It cannot be used in the [[Spiral Abyss]], despite the fact that it will appear if the player already has it equipped.

==Forging==
{{Recipe
|type = Forging
|time = 30s
|Lizard Tail = 20
|Chaos Circuit = 20
|Electro Crystal = 50
|Mora = 50,000
|sort = Lizard Tail;Chaos Circuit;Electro Crystal
}}

==Descriptions==
{{Description|A handy meal-in-a-pouch that can transform most foods into instantly absorbable nutritional matter, this unique tool was designed by an [[Sucrose|alchemist]] attached to the Knights of Favonius. Despite the alchemist's insistence that it can greatly increase the efficiency of nutritional intake, most knights aren't too keen to put their food in it...|[[Archive]]}}

==Trivia==
* According to this gadget's [[Diagram: NRE (Menu 30)|diagram]] description, NRE stands for "Nutrition, Ready-to-eat".
** The name of the gadget is a reference to the MRE ({{w|Meal, Ready-to-Eat}}), which is a packaged field ration issued by the military to its service members for use in combat or other field conditions where organized food facilities are not available.
* [[Sucrose]] is likely the creator of this device:
** The French Archive description of this item uses female pronouns to refer to the Knights of Favonius alchemist who created, and Sucrose is the only character known so far that fits this description.
** Sucrose is known for adding serial numbers to her creations.
** The bag's design somewhat resembles her [[Germinating Wind|outfit]].
** In the Web Event [[Side by Side We Venture/Story|Side by Side We Venture]], Sucrose encourages travelers to use the NRE, though she doesn't directly identify it as her own invention.
** The diagram for the NRE is a Mondstadt reputation reward, and Sucrose is from Mondstadt.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = NRE (Menu 30)
|zhs     = 叁零式・便携营养袋
|zhs_rm  = Sān Líng Shì - Biànxié Yíngyǎng Dài
|zht     = 參零式・隨身營養袋
|zht_rm  = Sān Líng Shì - Suíshēn Yíngyǎng Dài
|zh_tl   = Type Three Zero - Portable Nutrition Bag
|ja      = 三〇式・携帯式栄養袋
|ja_rm   = San Zero Shiki - Keitai-shiki Eiyou Bukuro
|ja_tl   = Type Three Zero - Portable Nutrition Bag
|ko      = {{tt|삼공식|三空式}}・{{tt|영양|營養}}키트
|ko_rm   = Samgongsik - Yeongyang-kiteu
|ko_tl   = Type Three Zero - Nutrition Kit
|es      = Bolsita nutritiva (Versión n.º 30)
|es_tl   = Nutritious Sachet (Version n. 30)
|fr      = Poche nutritive V30
|fr_tl   = Nutritive Pocket V30
|ru      = Сухпаёк (Меню № 30)
|ru_tl   = Lean Rations (Menu No. 30)
|th      = NRE (Menu 30)
|vi      = Túi Dinh Dưỡng Bỏ Túi - Mẫu 30
|vi_tl   = Pocket Nutrition Bag - Model 30
|de      = Praktischer Nahrungsbeutel Nr. 30
|de_tl   = Practical Foodbag Nr. 30
|id      = NRE (Menu 30)
|pt      = Bolsa Nutritiva (V. 30)
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Beslenme Çantası (Menü 30)
|tr_tl   = Lunch Bag (Menu 30)
|it      = Sacca di nutrienti (ver. 30)
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Gadget Navbox}}

[[es:Bolsita nutritiva (versión n.° 30)]]
[[fr:Poche nutritive V30]]
[[ja:三〇式・携帯式栄養袋]]
[[ru:Сухпаёк (Меню № 30)]]
[[th:NRE (Menu 30)]]
[[zh:參零式·隨身營養袋]]