{{Act Infobox
|image          = World Quest For the Children of the Past.png
|type           = World
|chapter        = Aranyaka
|actNum         = III
|actType        = Part
|prev           = Dream Nursery
|next           = In the End, the Forest Will Remember
}}
'''Nursery of Lost Dreams''' is the third part of the [[Aranyaka]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Quests==
# [[For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees]]
# [[For the Children of the Past]]
# [[For All Children Who Long for Life]]

==Summary==
===For Fruits, Seeds and Trees===
After the festival was over, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] wake up to find themselves back in the real world, although they quickly run into [[Arama]] who guides them to the Fane of Ashvatta. While Arama notes that its weakened, it assumes it to be a result of [[The Withering|Marana]] that had been popping up recently and they enter its dream.

Inside, the three discover a Withering Zone inside but manage to remove it. Giving it the [[Vasoma Fruit]]s, the tree tells Arama to make the ultimate sacrifice, which it agrees to, although the Traveler and Paimon are not sure as to what it meant. As they leave the dream, they learn that the Marana's corruption has made the Ashvatta tree too weak to bear [[Bija]], so it has to plant a new one to do so. However, they need to destroy [[Marana's Avatar]] before they could plant the new tree, and the avatar itself is in the heart of [[Old Vanarana]].

===For the Children of the Past===
Entering Old Vanarana, Arama ventures forward with a shield to protect it and everyone inside from the effects of the Withering, although it initially moves too fast that Paimon is unable to keep up. To access Marana's Avatar, they need to break the three seals placed on it; the first one involves three Inscriptions of Remembrance, which the Traveler finds and deciphers, allowing Arama to collect the knowledge needed.

As they head underground, they run into another Withering Zone, although there were no branches in sight to remove it normally. However, Arama proceeds to destroy the entire zone, allowing the Traveler to explore the area and break the second seal, which involves burning down seven [[Stone Pillar Seal]]s scattered around the chamber as Arama takes a rest. After breaking the seals, Arama proceeds to drain the area of sand, revealing a massive tunnel. Arama tells them that the Aranara fiercely fought the invaders during the [[cataclysm]], which Paimon notes as they spot many [[Ruin Machine]]s scattered everywhere.

Reaching the supposed bottom of the tunnel, a [[Ruin Grader]] suddenly activates and attacks; however, it appears to be unusually resilient for the Traveler to handle until Arama binds it, although the process causes the ground to shake and reveal another area at the very bottom of the tunnel.

In the new space, the three note that there's no presence of the Withering. The Traveler investigates the area but finds nothing of importance and reports it to Arama. Just then, [[Aramuhukunda]] appears and greets them, who the Traveler recognizes as the mysterious Aranara they met during the festival. Aramuhukunda, seeing their task to destroy Marana's Avatar, unlocks the final seal to let them face the abomination.

===For All Children Who Long for Life===
The three soon find Marana's Avatar at the end of the new path, who immediately attacks the intruders. The Traveler attempts to attack it, but Arama notices that it moved its soul elsewhere, sensing a Withering Zone nearby and brings the Traveler there to eliminate it. This allows them to attack the core once more, although it repeats the process two more times. During the fights, the Traveler takes note of the ruin machines and [[riftwolf|riftwolves]], who Arama confirms were part of the invasion during the cataclysm.

After eliminating all three Withering Zones that the avatar was trying to use to house its soul, the Traveler destroys the core for good, preventing the Withering from forming significantly for the foreseeable future, although traces of it still remain. Arama temporarily leaves to bring Arana to Old Vanarana, where it reveals that it will become the new Ashvattha tree to produce the Bija. The Traveler and Paimon are upset at losing a friend, but say farewell to Arama, who dives into the ground to become an Ashvattha sapling, removing all traces of the Withering at Old Vanarana. Arana tells them to perform the Rhythm of the Great Dream once more, which they do, allowing a Bija fruit to form. As they collect it, Arana asks them who they are, having lost its memories of them.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Nursery of Lost Dreams
|zhs     = 失梦的苗圃
|zhs_rm  = Shī Mèng de Miáopǔ
|zht     = 失夢的苗圃
|zht_rm  = Shī Mèng de Miáopǔ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 夢を失った苗畑
|ja_rm   = Yume wo Ushinatta Naebatake
|ja_tl   = Seedlings Field of Lost Dreams
|ko      = 꿈을 잃은 모밭
|ko_rm   = Kkumeul Ireun Mobat
|ko_tl   = Dream Lost Sapling Field
|es      = El jardín de los sueños perdidos
|es_tl   = The Garden of Lost Dreams
|fr      = Pépinière des rêves perdus
|fr_tl   = Nursery of Lost Dreams
|ru      = Питомник утраченных грёз
|ru_tl   = Nursery of Lost Dreams
|th      = สวนเพาะชำสูญเสียความฝัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vườn Ươm Giấc Mơ Thất Lạc
|vi_tl   = Nursery of Lost Dreams
|de      = Traumlose Baumschule
|de_tl   = Dreamless Nursery
|id      = Taman Impian yang Hilang
|id_tl   = The Garden of Lost Dreams
|pt      = Sementeira dos Sonhos Perdidos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kayıp Düşler Fideliği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vivaio dei sogni perduti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:El jardín de los sueños perdidos]]
[[ru:Питомник утраченных грёз]]