{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Nymph's Constancy.png
|set   = Nymph's Dream
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A pocket watch that has long stopped working. It seems to have borne witness to many a passing year as its hands spun in vain.}}
'''Nymph's Constancy''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nymph's Dream]].

==Description==
The hands of a timepiece must eventually return to their original places, and their circle will begin anew.<br>
All that the Narzissen champions were seemed as if they would never change.<br>
But the years must ultimately grind down the intricate yet vulnerable calibers of such timepieces.<br>
Until such a time when a new day will not come. Indeed, [[??? (Fontaine)|where nothing will]].

This [[Unlocked "Treasure"|pocket watch]] was originally owned by a [[Alain Guillotin|tiny champion]] who loved machines,<br>
A test piece created by piecing together the rejected components of various devices.<br>
At the very end, this pocket watch and [[Jakob|the one it had been gifted to]] fell into the [[Primordial Sea|primordial liquid]] that dissolves all.<br>
But it had already long ceased to run its clockwork course by that point.

"A long, long time in the future, in a place far, far away..."<br>
"There was a dark empire ruled by the fell dragon [[Narzissenkreuz|Narcissus]]."<br>
"The [[Lyris|princess]] he once yearned for had, together with the high tower in which she lived, plunged into a stagnant slumber in which there were no dreams, and so she remained untainted by him. Narcissus was infuriated by this, and so sent out his minions and enforcers to scour the empire for her treasure. He set up many defensive mechanisms using his fell sorceries to prevent those on the side of justice from resisting him. He swore that he would reclaim the princess' treasure and reawaken her. That way, he would be able to claim her wholly for his own."<br>
"There was a group of heroes who protected a treasure that the princess had entrusted to them, a clear, bright pearl of water."<br>
"One day, [[Ann|a tiny life]] was born from this pearl."<br>
"Hmm... and what shall we call this life? Ah, what a pain. If [[Mary-Ann|I]] had known that this was how the story might go, I should've used [[Lyris|your]] name here. Do you have any other good friends?"<br>
"'Friends, you say... Well, if that's what you need, I do have one. I think it would really fit here.'"

==Trivia==
* {{de|Narzissen}} is the German word for the {{w|Narcissus (plant)|''Narcissus''}} genus, commonly known as daffodils.
** The English localization translated the term {{zh|水仙|tl=narcissus}} as "Nymph" &mdash; the names of both the artifact Set, Nymph's Dream, and this artifact would be more directly translated as "Narcissus' Dream" and "Narcissus' Constancy."
* The fell dragon Narcissus takes its name after the Greek mythological figure {{w|Narcissus (mythology)|Narcissus}}, who was so obsessed with himself that he fell into a river and drowned while admiring his own reflection; a lone narcissus flower emerged where he fell into the water.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Nymph's Constancy
|zhs      = 水仙的时时刻刻
|zhs_rm   = Shuǐxiān de Shíshíkèkè
|zht      = 水仙的時時刻刻
|zht_rm   = Shuǐxiān de Shíshíkèkè
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 水仙の一瞬一瞬
|ja_rm    = Suisen no Isshun Isshun{{assumed}}
|ja_tl    = {{w|Narcissus tazetta|Daffodil}}'s Constancy
|ko       = 님프<->의 시시각각
|ko_tl    = Nymph's Hour by Hour
|es       = Asiduidad de las Ninfas
|es_tl    = Assiduity of the Nymphs
|fr       = Constance de la nymphe
|fr_tl    = Nymph's Constancy
|ru       = Постоянство нимфы
|ru_tl    = Nymph's Constancy
|th       = Nymph's Constancy
|vi       = Thời Khắc Của Thủy Tiên
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Beständigkeit der Narzisse
|de_tl    = Constancy of the {{w|Narcissus (plant)|Daffodil}}
|id       = Nymph's Constancy
|pt       = Ninfas Eternas
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Nergisin Daimiyeti
|tr_tl    = Narcissus' Permanence
|it       = Fedeltà della ninfa
|it_tl    = Nymph's Fidelity
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nymph's Dream}}

[[fr:Constance de la nymphe]]
[[ja:水仙の一瞬一瞬]]
[[tr:Nergisin Daimiyeti]]
[[uk:Постійність німфи]]
[[vi:Thời Khắc Của Thủy Tiên]]
[[zh:水仙的時時刻刻]]