{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|realname         = 
|region           = Mondstadt

|affiliation      = Knights of Favonius
|title            = Field Officer of the 8th Company
}}
'''Nymph''' is a character mentioned in Lisa's Character Stories. She was the Field Officer of the [[Knights of Favonius]]' 8th Company when [[Lisa]] first joined.

==Profile==
Nymph is a mage with proficient enough skills to be its Field Officer. According to Lisa, Nymph was skilled enough to be captain herself, although Nymph came to see Lisa as the more capable one.<ref name="Lisa4">{{Ref/CS|Lisa|4}}</ref>

==Story==
When Lisa returned from [[Sumeru Akademiya]] and joined the Knights of Favonius, Grand Master [[Varka]] wanted to immediately appoint her as the Captain of the 8th Company, a move that Nymph opposed due to Lisa's status as an academic. To settle the issue, [[Kaeya]] suggested that a practice combat session be held to compare Lisa and Nymph's skills. After two minutes, Lisa put an end to the issue by declining the captaincy and recommending Nymph for the position. However, in this time, Nymph's opinion of Lisa had changed drastically. For the following year, Nymph constantly sent the Grand Master referral letters for Lisa as Captain of the 8th Company. Varka eventually had the letters sent directly to Lisa instead, who always found a way to decline the offers.<ref name="Lisa4" />

Nymph has not been mentioned since, so her current position in the Knights of Favonius is unknown.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Nymph
|zhs     = 尼姆芙
|zhs_rm  = Nímǔfú
|zht     = 尼姆芙
|zht_rm  = Nímǔfú
|ja      = ニュンペー
|ja_rm   = Nyunpee
|ko      = 님프
|es      = Nymph
|fr      = Nymph
|ru      = Нимфу
|th      = Nymph
|vi      = Nymph
|de      = Nymph
|id      = Nymph
|pt      = Nymph
|tr      = Nymph
|it      = Nymph
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Nymph]]
[[fr:Nymph]]
[[pt-br:Nymph]]