{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Nète.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Nète''' is a quest-exclusive NPC who appears in the [[World Quest]] ''[[Gourmet Supremos: Within Our Duties]]''. He is a businessman from [[Fontaine]] who collaborated with [[Parvaneh]]'s mentor, [[Farzah]], to create a supreme spice mix and sell it for a high price. After facing resistance from the [[Gourmet Supremos]], he sets his sights on recruiting [[Xudong]] into a collaboration with him.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Nète is a businessman from Fontaine who, at some point during Parvaneh's journeys through [[Teyvat]] to develop an "Omni-Spice" that can make any dish delicious, struck up a partnership with her mentor Farzah to accomplish the same objective and sell it for a high price. Upon Parvaneh's return to [[Sumeru Akademiya]], she had Farzah review her paper, only for Farzah to plagiarize it for her own business venture with Nète.

Enraged and disgusted, the Gourmet Supremos decided to take action. After failing Farzah and Nète to back down, Xudong decided to beat them at their own game by promoting their Omni-Spice and releasing the formula for the spice mix for free, thus lowering Nète's profit opportunities. Although Nète was able to keep up with them the entire time nonetheless, he decided to give up on his partnership with Farzah in favor of recruiting Xudong into a business arrangement.

While the Gourmet Supremos initially rejected his offer, Nète approached them several more times before finally offering to sponsor their journey instead, provided that they journey to Fontaine first. The Gourmet Supremos reluctantly agreed to his offer after combing through his detailed contract and hastily departed for Fontaine.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Nète
|zhs     = 尼特
|zhs_rm  = Nítè
|zht     = 尼特
|zht_rm  = Nítè
|ja      = ニト
|ja_rm   = Nito
|ko      = 네트
|es      = Nète
|fr      = Nète
|ru      = Нет
|th      = Nète
|vi      = Nète
|de      = Nète
|id      = Nète
|pt      = Nète
|tr      = Nète
|it      = Nète
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->