{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22028
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission O Archon, Hear Me!.png
|npc           = Shouta
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|characters    = Shouta; Traveler
|requirement   = <!-- unsure so I'm leaving this empty, but I got 'O Archon, Hear Me' before this so maybeeee-->
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards <!-- AR 56- got 10 primos, 250 AR exp, 6675 Mora, 60 frexp, 3 MEO's (out of 1-4) and 0 normal ores out of (0-1)-->
|prev          = O Archon, Hear Me!
|next          = O Archon, Have I Done Right?
|region        = Inazuma
}}
'''O Shrine, Show Your Power Once Again!''' is a daily [[Commissions|commission]] that occurs at [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]].
==Steps==
#Talk to [[Shouta]]
#Go to the shrine (depends on the option chosen)
## Near [[Komore Teahouse]]
## Outside the city
# Help Shouta place offerings at the shrine

==Notes==
* After completing this commission, an investigation point will appear next to the shrine where the offering was given.
** Interacting with it is not required for unlocking the World Quest [[O Archon, Have I Done Right?]]
** Interacting with it gives the following dialogue:
**: '''"Mysterious item in front of the shrine":''' There's a mysterious item inside the box. It seems like a present from the deity. Maybe it has some peculiar effects?
** The investigation point will appear either on server reset or 24 hours (real-time) after the quest was finished.
* To unlock the next quest, [[O Archon, Have I Done Right?]], you need to offer sweet food at both locations, so this commission must be received at least twice.
** Interacting with the investigation points is not required to unlock the next quest.
** This commission can repeat, even after unlocking the next quest.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Having seemingly obtained a reply from a deity, Shouta hopes that the shrine can show its power once again...}}
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Shouta)
:'''Shouta:''' Big (bro/sis)! Listen! Listen!
:'''Shouta:''' After I made an offering to the shrine from last time, my wish was granted... a small part of it, at least! But although it's just a small part... this must be the archon's answer, right?
:{{DIcon}} What was your wish?
:'''Shouta:''' Uhh... the wish I made last time was for the creator of the manga I'm reading to be more productive. Having one update every two days would be best!
:'''Shouta:''' And then, the creator actually did double the amount of updated content in one issue!
:'''Shouta:''' However... I've also heard that he's gonna take a break for 3 issues.
:{{DIcon}} Perfectly balanced, as all things should be, I guess...?
:{{DIcon}} Feels like you'll be short one issue overall...
:'''Shouta:''' Hmm... anyway, I'm sure the archon heard my wishes. That means that the reason why they were not realized is that I didn't offer enough things!
:'''Shouta:''' So we're going to make an offering to other shrines today! This way, I'm sure my wishes will be granted completely!
:'''Shouta:''' I have asked my parents, and they say that there are still two shrines around here. One is near [[Komore Teahouse]], and the other one is on the way out of the city.
:'''Shouta:''' Which shrine do you think we should go to first, big (bro/sis)?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go check out the shrine at Komore Teahouse first.
:{{DIcon}} Let's check out the shrine at the city outskirts first.
:'''Shouta:''' Nice! Let's go!

;(Upon arriving at the shrine at Komore Teahouse)
:'''Shouta:''' This is the place.
:'''Shouta:''' I heard that a Doushin made an offering of many paper cranes here a long, long time ago, wishing that everyone at [[Hanamizaka]] can live peacefully.
:'''Shouta:''' Soon after, a fire broke out nearby, and a house caught on fire. However, that house was built with shoddy materials anyway, so the fire finished it off really quickly, and it couldn't spread at all...
:'''Shouta:''' Everybody believes that this was the archon's protection... Hehe, that's why I've also folded some paper cranes and brought them here.
:'''Shouta:''' And that's enough chitchat! What should we offer this time then?
:'''Shouta:''' We might get a response if we offer paper cranes, just like that Doushin.
:'''Shouta:''' But since this shrine is near the teahouse, would it be better if we make an offering of matcha-flavored Konpeito candies?
:'''Shouta:''' Yeah, and matcha-flavored Konpeito candies are things I like, too...
:'''Shouta:''' What do you think, big (bro/sis)?
:{{DIcon}} Let's make an offering of Konpeito candy, then.
:{{DIcon}} Let's make an offering of paper cranes, then.
:'''Shouta:''' Great! Let's do just that!

;(Upon arriving at the shrine at the city outskirts)
:'''Shouta:''' Well, this is the place.
:'''Shouta:''' A long time ago, someone made an offering to this shrine with [[White Iron Chunk|Iron Ore]] used for forging blades, hoping that his martial arts skills could improve quickly.
:'''Shouta:''' Later on, that guy went to a martial arts tournament and defeated every adversary super easy! Everyone commended his outstanding martial skills.
:'''Shouta:''' However, according to him, none of his opponents seemed to be feeling too good...
:{{DIcon}} It feels like the archon doesn't have very clear standards...
:{{DIcon}} Are you really making progress if other people are just falling behind?
:'''Shouta:''' But anyway, everyone thinks that the archon did it. That's why I think we'll get a response if we make a wish at this shrine.
:'''Shouta:''' Well, that aside, what should we offer this time?
:'''Shouta:''' Just like that guy, maybe we can get some response if we offer Iron Ore!
:'''Shouta:''' I found some near the entrance of the blacksmith's. However, they don't look all that good, which is probably why the blacksmith didn't mind giving them to me.
:'''Shouta:''' I've also gathered some fresh [[Seagrass]] from around here. If I cook them and sprinkle some sugar... they'll surely taste amazing.
:'''Shouta:''' I'm just not sure if the archon likes this kind of small, cold dishes...
:'''Shouta:''' What do you think, big (bro/sis)?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go with the small, cold dish.
:{{DIcon}} Iron ores then.
:'''Shouta:''' Great! Let's do just that!

----
:'''''After preparing everything with Shouta, makes an offering at the shrine.'''''
:'''Shouta:''' Hopefully, the archon will answer me this time as well.
:'''Shouta:''' I'll be back here tomorrow to see if anything special's happened.
:'''Shouta:''' Alright, thank you for sticking with me this whole time. Please have these!
:'''Shouta:''' I really hope that the archon will answer my wishes...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/TLLD6rPkRPo
|caption1 = "O Shrine, Show Your Power Once Again!" Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = O Shrine, Show Your Power Once Again!
|zhs     = 神龛啊，再次显灵吧！
|zhs_rm  = Shénkān A, Zàicì Xiǎnlíng Ba!
|zht     = 神龕啊，再次顯靈吧！
|zht_rm  = Shénkān A, Zàicì Xiǎnlíng Ba!
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 祠よ、もう一度姿を現してください！
|ja_rm   = Hokora yo, Mou Ichido Sugata wo Arawashite Kudasai!
|ja_tl   = O Shrine, Show Yourself Once Again!
|ko      = 감실아, 다시 한번 나타나 줘!
|ko_rm   = Gamsila, Dasi Hanbeon Natana Jwo!
|ko_tl   = Shrine, Please Appear Again!
|es      = Oh, altar, ¡múestrame tu poder!
|es_tl   = Oh, altar, show me your power!
|fr      = Autel sacré, montre à nouveau ta toute puissance !
|fr_tl   = Sacred Altar, Show Your Almightiness Once Again!
|ru      = Священный алтарь, яви мне своё могущество!
|ru_tl   = Sacred Altar, Show Me Your Power!
|th      = ศาลเจ้าอันศักดิ์สิทธิ์ ได้โปรดแสดงพลังอีกครั้งด้วยเถิด!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Sacred Shrine, Please Show Your Power Again!
|vi      = Miếu Thờ Hiển Linh Nào!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = O Schrein, zeige deine Macht noch einmal!
|de_tl   = O Shrine, Show Your Power Once Again!
|id      = Oh Kuil Sang Dewa, Tunjukkan Kekuatanmu Lagi!
|id_tl   = Oh The God's Shrine, Show Your Power Once Again!
|pt      = Ó Santuário, Mostre Mais Uma Vez Seu Poder!
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}

[[pt-br:Ó Santuário, Mostre Mais Uma Vez Seu Poder!]]