{{About|the species|the [[Normal Boss]]|Rhodeia of Loch}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Enemy Rhodeia of Loch.png
|caption      = [[Rhodeia of Loch]], a full sized Oceanid in her true form
|type         = Species
|type2        = Lore
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Oceanids''', occasionally called the '''Lochfolk''', are a species made of pure Hydro energy originating from [[Fontaine]]. They are able to control water and mimic real life forms with water.

==Overview==
The Oceanids originate from Fontaine and are devotees of [[Egeria]], the previous Hydro Archon. According to the Ancient Natural History Excerpts in the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]], legends say that Egeria shed the "first tear", which gave birth to the first Oceanid, from which all other Oceanids were born.<ref name=":0">Interactable: [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Natural History Excerpts|Ancient Natural History Excerpts]]</ref> She tasked the Oceanids with spreading all over [[Teyvat]] as spies, not out of any malicious intent, but rather as a way to connect everyone similar to how water is connected throughout the continent. Some of these Oceanids saw human life and envied them, asking Egeria to grant them the ability to do so. Egeria did so by siphoning water from the [[Primordial Sea]] and injecting it into the Oceanids' blood vessels, creating humanoid forms for them. This act was seen as a "sin" by the [[Heavenly Principles]], who decreed a [[Prophecy of Fontaine|prophecy]] that the people of Fontaine would dissolve into water and leave the Hydro Archon weeping on the throne by herself.

At some point after Egeria's death during the [[cataclysm]], the Oceanids fled Fontaine. According to [[Idyia]], they did so because the waters changed and became full of pain and hatred.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Idyia}}</ref> However, [[Rhodeia]] implies that some, like her, left because they didn't want to accept [[Focalors]] as the new Hydro Archon and wanted to "keep the dreams of yesteryear alive".<ref name="Life Flow II">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (II)}}</ref> The coming and death of [[Elynas (NPC)|Elynas]] was specified to taint Fontaine's lands and waters, and although Fontaine researchers promised that the pollution had been cleansed, this factor may contribute to the current status of Fontaine's waters.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (II)}}</ref>

During their self-imposed exile, the Oceanids came to [[Tunigi Hollow]] in search of their master. However, after seeing that the [[Harvisptokhm]] was not what they had hoped to find, they scattered in different directions. People followed their pilgrimage trail, eventually establishing the [[Purification Spring]] domain.

The descendants of the transformed Oceanids were later absolved of sin and made "true humans" by the [[Hydro Dragon]], [[Neuvillette]], after his Authority was restored when [[Focalors]] executed herself through the death sentence rendered by the [[Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale]] and thus destroying the Hydro Archon's divine authority and heavenly throne; people caught in the waters after his verdict were not dissipated into water, however, the people dissolved prior to this did not return.

==Powers and Abilities ==
Oceanids are able to float through the air, and are capable of achieving significant speeds. In combat they manipulate water, both to fire a variety of Hydro attacks and to create [[Hydro Mimic|creatures]] formed out of water. As seen with [[Idyia]] and [[Callirhoe]], they can also mimic a human form, though they will be afflicted with {{Hydro}} under [[Elemental Sight]]. Particularly powerful Oceanids who possess both wisdom and compassion are able to create Oceanid manifestations which can replicate other humans, much like Idyia did with her past human companions in the [[Veluriyam Mirage]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Back to Normal: The Story Hidden in the Bottle}}</ref><ref name=":1">World Quest, [[In the Wake of Narcissus]]: Act I - ''[[Search in the Algae Sea]]''</ref> 

An Oceanid's growth is very different from other creatures'. Separating from the others and departing from their homeland apparently causes them to lose much of their intelligence and ability, though they can restore it over time.<ref name="Heart of CS">{{Ref/Book|Heart of Clear Springs}}</ref> Oceanids learn and gain intelligence mainly by joining with water sources, such as bodies of water, or even tears. One of the most potent sources is the water creatures created by another Oceanid.<ref name="Life Flow I" /> They can also gain some intelligence by looking upon the moon's reflection in the water.<ref name="Heart of CS" />

The secret to Oceanid reproduction is only known to Oceanids. However, according to the Ancient Natural History Excerpts, Oceanids must first approach the Hydro Archon or an elder for permission to claim the "Helixsplit," which allows them to split into little Oceanids. The exact nature of what the Helixsplit is remains unknown to humans.<ref name=":0" /> Caterpillar speculates that Oceanid reproduction is accomplished through imagination and mimicry—when an Oceanid "imagines the path that could have been taken," a new Oceanid may be born. This appears to be the case with [[Ann]], who was born when the merged consciousness of the Oceanid [[Lyris]] and [[Mary-Ann|Mary-Ann Guillotin]] dreamed of living forever in a simple, fairytale-like world.<ref name=":1" />  

Oceanids are also capable of merging with each other and becoming a single, more powerful Oceanid. Most Oceanids seem to see this as something positive or normal, though some like Ann are upset by it. However, they must still be careful as it is supposedly possible for an Oceanid's mind to be shattered if they join with a smaller but wicked mind.<ref name="Life Flow II" />

Oceanids are born from the water's essence.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Heart of Clear Springs|1}}</ref> They can control and manipulate water, but they are also affected by changes in the water. For example, Rhodeia's enmity towards [[Endora]] turned the water connected to her pool bitter, which nearly killed the younger Oceanid. Endora was able to recover by taking in the sweet water from Springvale's spring, which was home to a [[Callirhoe|friendlier Oceanid]].<ref name="Life Flow I">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (I)}}</ref>

==Known Oceanids==
{| class="sortable wikitable"
!Name
!Status
|-
|[[Ann]]
|Traveling with [["Mary-Ann"]], [[Seymour]] and [[Mamere]]
|-
|[["Mary-Ann"]]
|Traveling with [[Ann]], [[Seymour]] and [[Mamere]]
|-
|[[Callirhoe]], the Spring Fairy
|Residing in [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|-
|[[Endora]]
|Accompanying the [[Traveler]]
|-
|[[Focalors]]
|Executed in ''[[The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur]]''
|-
|Ianeira<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Footprint of the Rainbow}}</ref>
|Died in [[Natlan]]
|-
|[[Idyia]]
|Residing in [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|-
|[[Lyris]]
|Merged with [[Mary-Ann Guillotin]] to become [["Mary-Ann"]]
|-
|[[Narzissenkreuz]]
|Died in ''[[Rowboat's Wake]]''
|-
|[[Rhodeia of Loch]]
|Residing in [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]]
|-
| [[Urania]], the Hateful Oceanid
|Appeared in an [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword/Lament: Bitter Hate|Event Domain]] at [[Yaoguang Shoal]], [[Liyue]]
|}

===Uncertain Members === 
* The "fell dragon" named "Narcissus" appears in the [[Annapausis]] in the form of an Oceanid, though this is likely an illusion.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Narzissenkreuz Adventure}}</ref>

===Other=== 
*All Fontanians that were dissolved through Water from the Primordial Sea as a result of its power escaping their blood vessels would return to the Sea. but their consciousness would remain and take form of an Oceanid<ref>Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act V - ''Masquerade of the Guilty'', Part 4: ''[[Apocalypse]]''</ref>. As seeing with [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Vacher]]'s victims and [[Poisson]] flood victims, they can merge into a collective consciousness, forming an only Oceanid<ref>Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act V - ''Masquerade of the Guilty'', Part 1: [[Deluge of Wrathful Waters]]</ref>. It is unknown if they share another power with Oceanids beyond their appearance and ability to merge.

==Trivia==
*The Spring Fairy's blessing is the reason why [[Diona]]'s drinks always taste delicious, no matter how disgusting the ingredients or flavor combinations are.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diona|5}}</ref> It is unclear whether all Oceanids are capable of giving out blessings, as no other Oceanids introduced in the story have been mentioned or shown to have such an ability.
*The Oceanids, similarly to the [[Melusine]]s, are technically a genderless race who have been shown as females. Although Hydro Mimics and Eidolons have been shown taking male forms, they seem to only do so when pretending to be a specific human.
**The [[Master]] of the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] is the first known male Oceanid, but as he was an Oceanid created by a human, Master may not be affiliated with the original Oceanid race.
*The English and Thai localizations are the only two languages to make a distinction between "Lochfolk" and "Oceanid." A translation note in the Thai dialogue of [[Life Flows On (I)]] claims that "Oceanid" is the name which outsiders use for Lochfolk, although this has been left unexplained in English.<ref>{{Lang|mini=1|th=Lochfolk (หรือที่คนภายนอกเรียกกันว่า Oceanid)|th_tl=Lochfolk (also known by outsiders as Oceanid).}}</ref>
*The Oceanids' form resemble real-life {{w|sea angel}}s, which may have been the inspiration for their design. Oceanids joining or binding together may be a reference to sea angels binding while mating and hunting together.

===Etymology===
*The term Oceanid is derived from the {{w|Oceanids}} in Greek mythology, who were nymphs of springs; they have a male equivalent known as the {{w|Potamoi}}, who were the gods of rivers and streams. 
**Rhodeia, Urania, Ianeira, Idyia, Lyris, and Callirhoe's names are directly lifted from those of Greek Oceanids, whereas Endora's name has no exact match but may be based off the Oceanid Eudora.
*The term Lochfolk is a portmanteau of {{wt|loch||Scottish Gaelic}} (lake) + {{wt|folk}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Lochfolk <small>({{w|Endonym and exonym|endonym}})</small><br>Oceanid <small>(exonym)</small>
|zhs      = 纯水精灵
|zhs_rm   = Chúnshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zht      = 純水精靈
|zht_rm   = Chúnshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zh_tl    = Pure Water Spirit
|zh_note  = {{zh|s=精灵|t=精靈|rm=Jīnglíng}} broadly refers to spirits, elves, fairies, and elementals. Notably, it has also been used to describe [[Barbatos]]' form before becoming an [[Archon]],<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref> [[Klee]] and [[Alice]]'s race,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered}}</ref> and [[Paimon]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Verr Goldet}}</ref>
|ja       = 純水精霊
|ja_rm    = Junsui Seirei<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The First Experiment: Elements|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Pure Water Spirit
|ko       = 물의 정령
|ko_rm    = Mul-ui Jeongryeong
|ko_tl    = Spirit of Water
|es       = Oceánida<!--also "Ondina"-->
|es_tl    = Oceanid
|fr       = Océanide
|fr_tl    = Oceanid
|ru       = Океанид<!--also "Дух воды"-->
|ru_tl    = Oceanid
|th       = Lochfolk <small>(endonym)</small><br>Oceanid <small>(exonym)</small>
|vi       = {{tt|Tinh Linh|精靈}} Nước Trong
|vi_tl    = Pure Water Spirit
|de       = Okeanide
|de_tl    = Oceanid
|id       = Lochfolk
|pt       = Oceanid
|tr       = Okeanid
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Oceanide
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|world}}

[[es:Oceánidas]]
[[ja:純水精霊]]
[[vi:Tinh Linh Nước Trong]]