{{Stub}}
{{About|the ancient civilization|the area|Ochkanatlan|the dragon city it was built on|Chichen Uctokah}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = Ochkanatlan
|image        = Ochkanatlan.png
|type         = Ancient Civilizations
|type2        = Lore
|region       = Natlan
}}
'''Ochkanatlan''', also known as the '''Cinder City''', was an ancient civilization once ruled by [[Och-Kan]]. It is located on an island north of [[Quahuacan Cliff]].

==Story==
===History===
Ochkanatlan was built thousands of years ago<ref name="Open Heart">{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me}}</ref> by followers of [[Xbalanque]], with Och-Kan as its king.<ref name="Scroll">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City}}</ref> It was constructed atop the ruins of [[Chichen Uctokah]], a city of dragons once ruled by the Dragonlord [[Ix Uxul Tz'ib Bolon Ch'ule-L]] (shorted to "Ixlel" by [[Paimon]]). Och-Kan "stole her authority" and trapped her in a statue within the [[Old Core of Chu'ulel]].<ref name="Open Heart" /> He then attempted to "piggyback" off of the [[Source Mechanism]]s that powered the city, but found that only dragons could reliably control them. Och-Kan tried to force the imprisoned Ixlel to operate them for him, but she refused. Being half-dragon himself, Och-Kan decided to "enslave" his draconic half, placing his mind within a new [[Core of Chu'ulel]] to create an energy source that "owes allegiance to humanity alone."<ref>Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (VII)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (VII)]]</ref>
<!--Add more details about Ochkanatlan under Och-Kan's rule-->

Ochkanatlan was abandoned at some point,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Sibu}}</ref> most likely some time after Och-Kan's deposition by the [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth]] and his party. When they had first arrived in the city, it was described as having "palatial courtyards" and "feasts of the nobility."<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Unfinished Reverie}}</ref>
<!--Add more details about the Scarlet-Eyed Youth's coup-->

At some point before the [[Cataclysm]], [[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]] turned Och-Kan's body into an Abyssal conduit, creating the [[Dragon of the City of Flowing Ash]]. He then spread stories of the many treasures upon the Tonatiuh in order to lure adventurers into the dragon's jaws, for the sake of some personal experiment.<ref name="Moment">{{Ref/Quest|Moment of Awakening}}</ref>

Ten years after the Cataclysm, the [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team]] journeyed to Ochkanatlan in search of one particular treasure that was said to be able to repel the Abyss. By then, the city was already tainted by Abyssal energy, with [[Tenebrous Mimiflora]], [[hilichurls]], and the [[Dragon of the City of Flowing Ash|tainted body of Och-Kan]] occupying the area.<ref name="Twisted">{{Ref/Quest|Twisted Extension}}</ref><ref>Interactable: [[Vucub Caquix Tower#Mountain Ranger's Notes|Mountain Ranger's Notes]]</ref> Their mission ultimately failed, and only [[Liriwu|one member]] returned alive. A couple of decades later, [[Bona]], the daughter of the adventure team's leader, made the same journey, only to fall to the same foe.<ref name="Moment" />

A number of [[Khaenri'ah]]n [[Ruin Machine]]s can be found scattered across Ochkanatlan, including several disabled [[Aeonblight Drake]]s. Various [[wildlife]], [[Saurian]]s, and [[Local Specialty|plants]] also reside there; different species appear to occupy different sections of the island.

===Present===
Today, Ochkanatlan is considered cursed. The tribes do not allow anyone to enter the city, and it is regularly monitored by the [[Flower-Feather Clan]]'s flying squads. Many years ago, a group from the [[Saurian Relics Association]] was sent to investigate the city for a commission. The group vanished without a trace shortly after departing, and as such, the association steers clear of any matters related to Ochkanatlan.<ref name="Road Ahead">{{Ref/Quest|The Road Ahead}}</ref> Thus, any human in Ochkanatlan is either a manifestation from the past or had snuck into the fallen city, only to fall to the monsters lurking within.

The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] first learn about Ochkanatlan during their quest to remove the [[Xiuhcoatl|Flamelord's Blessing]] from [[Little One]]. In the process of obtaining the [[Golden Entreaty (Revelations from the Past)|first Golden Entreaty]] from the ruins of the [[Sage of the Stolen Flame]], the Traveler touched a stone slate and experienced fragmented memories showing the creation of the two Golden Entreaties. Then, one Entreaty appeared before them, while the other was obscured in shadow, covered by the raised wings of a dragon and accompanied by a voice that proclaimed: "Glory, glory, the Eternal Empire, Ochkanatlan."<ref name="Revelations">{{Ref/Quest|Revelations from the Past}}</ref> Based on this, the Traveler believed that the [[Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)|other Golden Entreaty]] could be found in the ruins of Ochkanatlan.<ref name="Road Ahead" />

When the Traveler and Paimon step foot in Ochkanatlan, they are immediately beset by a dragon (which they later learn is Och-Kan's tainted body). They then run into an adventurer from the Flower-Feather Clan, [[Bona]], and her companion, [[Cocouik]], and decide to join her search for the "Jade of Return." Upon finding it, the Traveler and Paimon realize that the "Jade of Return" is in fact a Golden Entreaty. However, the dragon reappears and snatches it. After they chase it down, Cocouik merges with the dragon and reveals itself as Och-Kan. Och-Kan has the Traveler fight him to cleanse the Abyssal energy from his soul, then uses his final moments to show Traveler some of his memories, hoping that it answers some of their questions. The Traveler learns of the [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team]], Bona's true story, and the one who created the legend of the Tonatiuh: [[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]]. They also see Waxaklahun Ubah Kan acknowledge Little One as the "Chosen of Dragons" and grant it his blessing, telling it that "when the time comes, [it] shall be the one to decide matters."<ref name="Moment" />

In ''[[Open Your Heart to Me]]'', the Traveler also releases Ixlel from her millennia of torment.<ref name="Open Heart" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Ochkanatlan}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Civilization}}

[[vi:Ochkanatlan (Nền Văn Minh)]]
[[ru:Очканатлан_(цивилизация)]]