{{Terminology Infobox
|type      = Lore
|type2     = Natlan Culture
|image     = 
|region       = Natlan
}}
The '''Ochkanatlan Adventure Team''' ''(unofficial name)'' was a group of adventurers who journeyed to [[Ochkanatlan]] around the time of the [[Cataclysm]] in search of the treasure of the [[Legendary Tonatiuh|Tonatiuh]], which was rumored to be able to repel the [[Abyss]]. Only one member, the young mystic [[Liriwu]], returned alive.

==Known Members==
{| class="article-table"
!Name
!Tribe
|-
|[[Taika]] (leader)<ref name="Quenin">{{Ref/Quest|Twisted Extension}}</ref>
|[[Flower-Feather Clan]]
|-
|[[Quenin]]
|Flower-Feather Clan
|-
|[[Liriwu]]
|[[Masters of the Night-Wind]]
|-
|The "Beast Tamer"<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Beast Tamer's Talisman}}</ref>
|[[Scions of the Canopy]]
|-
|The "Mountain Ranger"<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Mountain Ranger's Marker}}</ref>
|[[People of the Springs]]
|-
|[[Copan]]
|[[Collective of Plenty]]
|-
|Unknown<ref group="Note">In ''[[Twisted Extension]]'', Quenin refers to a [[Tepetlisaurus Warrior: Rockbreaker Blade]] as having "taken over the body of his friend."</ref>
|[[Children of Echoes]]
|-
|"[[Titu]]"<ref group="Note">As seen in Och-Kan's memories in ''[[Moment of Awakening]]''. Unclear if he was the same person as "Unknown," but uses a different character model.</ref>
|Children of Echoes
|-
|"[[Legba]]"<ref group="Note">As seen in Och-Kan's memories in ''Moment of Awakening''. Unclear if he was the same person as the "Beast Tamer".</ref>
|Scions of the Canopy
|}

==Lore==
When the Cataclysm struck, it plunged the tribes into a desperate war, seemingly without end. In an attempt to help their kinsfolk, a group of adventurers traveled to Ochkanatlan in search of a "weapon" created by the ancient [[dragon]]s that could defeat the Abyss, located in "a city above the clouds." It was long believed to be a myth and no adventurer who sought it ever returned, but the adventure team chose to pursue it nonetheless.<ref name="Scroll">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City}}</ref><ref name="Scholar">Interactable: [[Vucub Caquix Tower#Traveling Scholar's Notes|Traveling Scholar's Notes]]</ref>

When they made it to the ruined city, it was already overrun with Abyssal corrosion. They set up an encampment there. At some point, Titu spotted Liriwu trying to sneak away and found her a safe tower to hide in, away from the action. The Abyssal influence in the city also began to drive some people insane; others were stealthily replaced by [[Tenebrous Mimiflora]]s in disguise.<ref name="Quenin" />

Taika, Copan, Legba, and Titu eventually made it on board the Tonatiuh, but found that the "ancient weapon" was not what they thought it was. They perished as a result.<ref name="MoA">{{Ref/Quest|Moment of Awakening}}</ref> After this, the mission was considered a failure. The rest of the team planned a tactical retreat; Quenin was one of the people responsible for protecting the evacuees as they fled. There was apparently a Flower-Feather Clan rescue team called in to assist, though it is unknown if they arrived in time.<ref name="Quenin" />

Sometime later, Liriwu returned to the encampment, but all she found were corpses ravaged by [[Och-Kan|the dragon]]. She ultimately returned to the tribes, vowing to keep their stories alive, if nothing else.<ref name="Scroll" />

A few decades later, Taika's daughter [[Bona]] would make her own journey to Ochkanatlan, following in her late father's footsteps. Taika had somehow "left the key to those gates" ([[Pyrophosphorite]]) to her, allowing her to reach the Tonatiuh as well.<ref name="Scroll" />

==Trivia==
* The artifact set [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]] references members of this adventure team.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}