{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Ocotlan.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = Ashen Rite Torch
|title2           = Mentally Ill Person

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Munay
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Ocotlan''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|For the Same Land}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Ocotlan is the son of [[Munay]] and is a warrior of the Flower-Feather Clan.

During the [[The Rainbow Destined to Burn|abyssal invasion]] of Natlan, Ocotlan partook in the nation's defense. After the invasion was repelled, he was initially deemed missing, but soon found in the wild by his fellow tribesmen, unconscious amidst his fallen comrades. Due to severe abyssal contamination, Ocotlan began to suffer from Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome, causing him to view his fellow tribesmen as monsters.

When the [[Traveler]] arrived at the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] village, Ocotlan believed that more monsters were arriving and became tense. Due to his instability, he was not moved away from the area when [[Iansan]] suggested to relocate the patients to a more comfortable environment. After the Traveler resolved [[Cochitta]]'s case, they were informed that Ocotlan had gone out of control. Ocotlan attempted to attack his father, but was stopped by the Traveler and Iansan. As Iansan pondered how to handle his case, [[Capitano]] appeared and revealed the cause of his agitation, before giving her the Draught of Lucidity. While the medicine would give him chronic migraines for the rest of his life, Munay allowed the medicine to be given to him. Ocotlan immediately recovered from his symptoms, telling Munay that he had a dream that the Abyss had taken over the tribe. Munay told him to relax and took him away to recover.

===Appearance===
Ocotlan takes on the appearance of a [[Qucusaurus Warrior: Heartstar Hammer]], though his mask covers his entire face rather than leaving his mouth exposed.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* Ocotlán means "near the pines" or "place of the {{w|Ocote|ocote}} (pines)" and is a municipality in {{w|Jalisco}}, {{w|Mexico}}.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Ocotlan
|zhs     = 奥科兰
|zhs_rm  = Àokēlán
|zht     = 奧科蘭
|zht_rm  = Àokēlán
|ja      = オコトラン
|ja_rm   = Okotoran
|ko      = 오코틀란
|es      = Ocotlán
|fr      = Ocotlan
|ru      = Окотлан
|th      = Ocotlan
|vi      = Ocotlan
|de      = Ocotlan
|id      = Ocotlan
|pt      = Ocotlan
|tr      = Ocotlan
|it      = Ocotlan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->