{{Terminology Infobox
|type      = Lore
|type2     = Natlan Culture
}}
The '''Ode of Resurrection''' (also called the '''Rite of Resurrection''') is a ceremony performed in [[Natlan]] at the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]] to resurrect [[Ancient Name]] bearers who have died while fighting the [[Abyss]] in the [[Night Warden Wars]]. To be resurrected, the person must have "achieved victory," meaning that at least one member of their group came back victorious. The healing powers of the Ode only apply to fatal injuries, and will not heal previous injuries acquired during the battle or pre-existing ailments.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Mavuika|Vision}}</ref>

==Ceremony==
The ceremony begins with a eulogy recited by an officiator:

<blockquote>
Warriors of Natlan &mdash; heed the call of life.<br>
We are the inheritors of memory and legend.<br>
Those who grew alongside sun and wind.<br>
Those who forged our own destiny and future.<br>
That is Natlan's fire, the lifeblood of our nation.
</blockquote>

At the conclusion of the eulogy, the [[Pyro Archon]] steps into the [[Sacred Flame]] to seek the deceased and their Ancient Name in the [[Night Kingdom]]. Meanwhile, those gathered in the stadium bow their heads in respect and sing:

<blockquote>
Hadithi yaendelea ''(The tale continues on)''<br>
Heshima warithi vizazi ''(Glory passed through generations)''<br>
Ushujaa waangaza mbingu na ardhi ''(Courage ignites the sky and earth)''<br>
Mara tena ashinda Natlan ''(Once more, victory heralds Natlan's path)''<br>
Milele tuwangoje, na tutawaimbia ''(We'll wait for you, we'll sing for you)''<br>
Rudini ndugu, rudini mashujaa ''(Come back, brothers, come back, heroes)''<br>
Mara ya tena mwangani ''(Once again, once again, burn bright!)''<ref name="Decision">{{Ref/Quest|A Decision (Archon Quest)}}</ref><ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TyCB25oXUA4 Natlan Live Symphony Performance]</ref>
</blockquote>

The Pyro Archon then emerges from the Sacred Flame with the resurrected individual.

==The Failed Ceremony==
The Ode for [[Kachina]] was presided over by [[Mavuika]] and officiated by [[Ntotila]]. When the Ode concluded, Mavuika emerged from the Sacred Flame alone, and reported that neither Kachina nor her Ancient Name could be found in the Night Kingdom. This resulted in speculation by the crowd, incited by [[Tepexpan]] and [[Tamuin]], that Kachina may not have actually been worthy to be selected. Mavuika refuted this, declaring Kachina a hero. She suspended the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame|Pilgrimage]] due to the uncertainty of being able to revive fallen heroes, and initiated an investigation into Kachina's failed resurrection.

Mavuika later confided to the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], [[Mualani]], [[Iansan]], [[Chasca]], and [[Kinich]] that unrest by the Abyss in the Night Kingdom prevented her from finding Kachina. Until it could be resolved, the Ode would continue to fail. Without their warriors being resurrected, Natlan would fall to the Abyss. Suspending the Pilgrimage would at least prevent further warriors from being sent to a war when they couldn't be revived. Chasca suggested continuing to hold the Pilgrimage in order to continue fueling the Sacred Flame, but without sending the victors to the Night Warden Wars. Mavuika pointed out that this would take away the prestige of the Pilgrimage, competitor numbers would drop, and the result would still be that the flow of [[Contending Fire]] would cease, extinguishing the Sacred Flame.<ref name="Decision"></ref>

==The Night Wars==
After successfully gathering the six [[Heroes of Natlan]] during the Abyssal invasion, Mavuika was able to temporarily call upon the power of the [[Lord of the Night]] to extend the blessings of the Ode to all Natlanese warriors, whether or not they bore an Ancient Name. This permitted Natlan to repulse the Abyss invasion from the overworld, as casualties effectively dropped to zero from that point on.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Fuel Named "Fate"}}</ref>

At one point when Mauvika and the Traveler were carrying out the final assault on the Abyss in the Night Kingdom, the Sacred Flame faltered. Kachina spontaneously initiated the Ode ceremony to send the Natlanese's moral support to their champions, which re-empowered the Flame and unlocked the Nightsoul's Blessing of the Traveler's Ancient Name.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where All Hopes Lie}}</ref>

After the end of the Night Wars, the Ode ceremony was discontinued, as warriors were no longer being sent to the Night Kingdom to fight the Abyss.

==Trivia==
* The Ode's melody and lyrics are an excerpt of the [[Natlan (Soundtrack)|Natlan soundtrack]], and are sung in Swahili.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Ode of Resurrection
|zhs      = 还魂诗
|zhs_rm   = Huánhúnshī
|zht      = 還魂詩
|zht_rm   = Huánhúnshī
|zh_tl    = Poem of Resurrection
|ja       = 反魂の詩
|ja_rm    = Hangon no Uta
|ja_tl    = Poem of Resurrection
|ko       = 환혼시
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Oda de la resurrección
|es_tl    = Ode of Resurrection
|fr       = Ode à la résurrection
|fr_tl    = Ode to Resurrection
|ru       = Ода воскресения
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ศังสกานท์คืนวิญญาณ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thơ Hoàn Hồn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ode der Auferstehung
|de_tl    = Ode of Resurrection
|id       = Gita Kebangkitan
|id_tl    = Song of Resurrection
|pt       = Ode da Ressurreição
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Diriliş Ağıdı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Ode della resurrezione
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}