{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41410
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|actNum        = I
|actType       = Part
|description   = When you've got some leisure time, how about taking a stroll through Mondstadt's streets and seeing if there's still anything to do?<br />After asking around, you learn that Mondstadt is currently celebrating the Windblume Festival. Unfamiliar with the festival as you are, you catch the festive fever nonetheless, and thus take your first step towards understanding this important event.
|requirement   = Complete [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]] and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Missive of Cloud and Fog
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Beatrice; Bennett; Ellin; Flora; Kaeya; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Marjorie; Marvin; Paimon; Quinn; Sara; Traveler; Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Ode to Flower and Cloud''' is the Event Quest for Part I of the [[Invitation of Windblume]] event.

==Steps==
# Walk around [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]]
# Talk to [[Sara]]
# Talk to [[Marjorie]]
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Talk to [[Flora]] at the [[Floral Whisper|flower shop]]
# Go to the [[Mondstadt]] plaza
# Talk to [[Venti]]
# Listen to and solve the trouble of the citizenry (0/3)
# Talk to Venti

==Notes==
* If any character in this quest is already involved with another quest, such as Marjorie with [[Gift and Intent]], that quest must be completed first before continuing this one.
** In the case of the Hangout Event Quests, they may be abandoned to continue this one.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* We're so carefree lately... Let's find something to do!

;(Talk to Sara)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hiiii~! Can we help with anything?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 1 sara 01.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Sorry, it's the Windblume Festival! There's nothing I can hand off to you.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... nothing?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... let's go ask someone else then.

;(Talk to Marjorie)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, is there anything here you need help with?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 2 marjorie 01.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Ahahaha! That's a good one! You two, helping me during the Windblume Festival? Hahaha...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Huh?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Weird... Let's go to the Adventurers' Guild!

;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Katheryne! You got any commissions for us?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 3 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' My apologies. During the Windblume Festival, there are far fewer commissions available. There's nothing I can give to you at this moment.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh? The Adventurers' Guild too!?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), wh&mdash;what do we do now? Have we been... fired?
:{{DIcon}} Who'd have thought...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! Paimon's not giving up that easily! We gotta try again!

;(Talk to Flora)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Flora, do you have anything you need help with?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 01.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hee-hee &mdash; nope.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that b&mdash;because of the Windblume Festival...? Huh... what is that, exactly?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 02.ogg}} '''Flora:''' *gasp* You two haven't heard of the Windblume Festival?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Windblume... Soooo &mdash; some kinda... windy, flower-planting kinda thing...?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 03.ogg}} '''Flora:''' The Windblume Festival is a Mondstadt tradition &mdash; a festival of love and freedom. It's a time of celebration and partying in the city.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 04.ogg}} '''Flora:''' At this time of the year, we offer Windblumes to the great Anemo Archon, Barbatos, as a sign of reverence and love. We also give flowers to our beloved... a very important tradition.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 05.ogg}} '''Flora:''' My shop is bursting with customers every Windblume... I guess it's a nice problem to have! Haha.
:{{DIcon}} What are Windblumes?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 06.ogg}} '''Flora:''' The Windblume is the symbol of this festival, a flower that represents freedom and the spirit of the wind...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sooo what does a Windblume look like?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 07.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Haha... that's a long story...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 08.ogg}} '''Flora:''' My grandma said that even she hadn't been born when the Windblume first appeared. It must have been hundreds of years ago.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 09.ogg}} '''Flora:''' I don't know why, exactly, but everyone seems to choose dandelions when they wanna give a gift of "Windblumes."
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So in other words, for the people of Mondstadt, Windblume means dandelion?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 10.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hehe... something like that anyway. At least, that's what we believe in my family.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 01.ogg}} '''[[Quinn]]:''' Incorrect!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 02.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Ahem... I heard everything you were saying and couldn't help but... You were talking about Windblumes, yes?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's Quinn from the fruit stall! Wanna join us?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 03.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' No, no &mdash; I'm just here to set the record straight. Windblume doesn't mean the dandelion, but the [[Windwheel Aster]].
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 11.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Greetings to you too, Quinn!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 04.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Uh... Flora, surely there must have been plenty of customers buying Windwheel Asters from your shop recently?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 12.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hee-hee, uh-huh!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 05.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Haha, you see! We loyal Windwheel Aster advocates are upholding our economic duty!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 06.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' The Windwheel Aster is both a symbol of Mondstadt and an embodiment of the windmill, representing both wind and freedom. That's what makes it the one, true Windblume!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 07.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Who's with me!? Windwheel Aster! The true Windblume!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 13.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Ehh...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''[[Beatrice]]:''' Oh? Are you sure about that?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 14.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Bea, you're here too!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Hehe, the Windblume... Isn't that the Cecilia?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Really?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 15.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Oh? So a Windblume is a [[Cecilia]]...? That's the first I've heard of&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 08.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Wh&mdash; ...Don't be ridiculous!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 09.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Listen. Yes, there may be some controversy over the definition of Windblume... but it is the widely held belief among the people of Mondstadt, that the Windblume is the Windwheel Aster! Not the dandelion!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 10.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' There's history to both flowers, you'd know if you asked around! And as for the Cecilia? Give me a break...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 beatrice 03.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' What!?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 11.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Just dropping facts over here, no need to look at me like that...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 beatrice 04.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' You...! Hmph &mdash; whatever, I'm not talking to you.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 12.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Huh? Bea? Bea!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 13.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Weird, what's up with her...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 14.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Did I say something wrong? Eh... Windblume is as Windblume does, what can I say...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... what?
:{{DIcon}} What does that even mean?
:{{DIcon}} I'm new here, your local customs are a bit confusing for me.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 16.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Haha, stop arguing already!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 15.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Maybe I should... go apologize to her after closing... hmm...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 quinn 16.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' ...I don't understand why she's upset, but what I do know is that I will have to apologize regardless. *sigh* That's life, I guess.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 17.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Aww... Seeing them together like that really give me that Windblume feeling.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 18.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Freedom, the Anemo Archon, sweethearts...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, yeah, that sounds great and all...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But none of you can even agree over what a Windblume is...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 19.ogg}} '''Flora:''' You're right, but isn't that typical of us Mondstadt folk?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 flora 20.ogg}} '''Flora:''' *sigh* Well, between delicious food, exquisite drink, and fresh flowers... Traveler, I hope you get to enjoy yourself during the festival, too.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It sounds like such a happy festival! Even if the whole Windblume thing is still a total mystery...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's look around and see what this is all about!
----
;(Upon arriving at the plaza)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's the [[Venti|Tone-Deaf Bard]]!

;(Talk to [[Bennett]])
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh001 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' When's it gonna be my turn... Gah! I'm getting nervous just thinking about writing a love poem...
:{{Introductory Note|character=Bennett|guaranteed=yes}}

;(Talk to Venti)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tone-Deaf Bard, what are you up to? What's with all the people?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aha! You're right on time. Take a look at my students. What do you think? Not bad, eh?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Students? Uh...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean the people anxiously scratching their heads?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anxiously? Why, these people are deep in concentration, diligently searching for heartfelt rhetoric to convey their romantic affections.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh... Seems a bit suspicious to Paimon...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, so, I guess you've already found out about the Windblume Festival, then?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' How are you finding Mondstadt in such a festive mood? Do you like it?
:{{DIcon}} It's certainly buzzing with excitement and happiness.
:{{DIcon}} Still not exactly sure how to celebrate the festival itself.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Paimon, what about you?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Paimon could be persuaded with some delicious food-related bribery!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, I think you'll come around then. Speaking of which, I'll bet you two don't have a lot on your plate right now.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Loafing around all day, no commissions to take or people to help...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha... If you've noticed that, then congratulations &mdash; you've taken your first step toward understanding the Windblume Festival!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah? Hey &mdash; why do you sound so pleased with yourself!?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The Windblume Festival doesn't just belong to the Anemo Archon, but to all Mondstadt citizens looking for love. Anyone who wants to find love must do everything for themselves over the festive period.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' In addition, many people take this period as an opportunity to resolve matters of the heart. It's not surprising that you two haven't been able to find any commissions, that's just the Windblume Festival tradition.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But don't you worry, you won't feel lonely while I'm around.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' On that note, I think it's about time you two got a deeper understanding of Mondstadt's culture and customs. I need a couple of assistants. What do you say?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Assistants? What kind of assistants?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahahaha... See these anxious-looking folks here?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' They're looking to learn the secrets of love, so they came to me to learn how to compose love poems. I accepted, of course, because I was only too happy to charge a tuition fee.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Soon, they'll come to me in turn and pour their hearts out, telling me about their romantic trials and tribulations. Then, I'll give them suggestions based on their individual circumstances.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' At least, that's what I was going to do... But having seen you two suffering with nothing to do... I think I'll let you two handle it instead.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You've traveled far and wide and seen so much, it would be a waste not to put those experiences to good use. They could use your help!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, save us the nonsense... You just want to speed up your sales. That desperate for Mora, huh?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' There are limited-edition wines for sale during the Windblume Festival... I need every last Mora to make sure I get my fill.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh... Spoken like a true drunkard...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Alright then, let's get started. I'll be joining you, of course.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 20.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'll give you a few prompts, and you can make suggestions based on them. Hehe, not as taxing as you thought, right?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really love the sound of your own voice, don't you!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 21.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Come on now, you're Mondstadt's Honorary Knight, the people trust you! It's only natural for you to have this opportunity to showcase yourself.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 22.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now listen up, if you see me make this gesture... it means I think they should forge ahead and seize the opportunity.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 23.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But if you see me make this gesture... it means I think they should play it safe and avoid being hasty.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 24.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And if I make this gesture... it means I think they should give up while they're ahead and avoid an emotional over-investment.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 25.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You got that, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Can you repeat it once more?
::{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 26b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Okay... make sure you pay attention this time.
::'''Venti:''' ''(Repeats the previous 5 lines)''
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 5 venti 26a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's decided then!
----
;(Talk to [[Marvin]])
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that you were seeking help from the Bard over there? We're his assistants! Why not talk to us?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 01.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' Huh...? I&mdash;I'd barely plucked up the courage to talk to the bard, is he not available...?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw... don't be shy! It doesn't matter who you talk to, at the end of the day you've still gotta talk to your prospective sweetheart, right?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Be brave! let's hear it!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 02.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' *sigh* Here goes. Th&mdash;There is someone I like...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 03.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' [[Marla]]... She's cute and hardworking &mdash; always helping her family out with farm work. And sometimes, she gets so tired, she takes a nap on the bench by the side of the road.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is she from the city?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 04.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' N&mdash;No, she lives in [[Springvale]], quite a way from me. And... because of my family...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 05.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' *sigh* Let's just say that our families are quite different. My father objects to us being together.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 06.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' But Marla and I have found a way to work around it! Whenever we want to meet, we go stargazing at [[Starsnatch Cliff]].
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... sounds like you two are getting along just fine!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 07.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' We are... So, what I came to discuss today doesn't so much concern Marla... as [[Goth|my father]].
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 08.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' My father is quite conservative and very strict. Still, it's my fault that I've never told him how I really feel.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 09.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' I&mdash;I'm thinking, if I use this opportunity to offer a Windblume to my father, and formally ask for his approval at the same time... maybe he'll support us?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you planning to say?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 10.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' I wanna tell him that, even though Marla doesn't come from a wealthy family, her kind heart and hardworking nature are things that Mora can't buy.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 11.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' ...Does that sound to childish? I... I hope he doesn't yell at me... Uhh...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Awwww... there-there...
:;(Venti makes the first gesture)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} I think you should tell him. Be brave and seize the opportunity.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 08a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Tell him what's in your heart. Use the love between you and Marla to move him. Shouldn't it be something to celebrate?
:{{DIcon}} I think you should take some more time and consider things.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 08b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, if your father is set in his ways, approaching this head-on might not be the best thing to do...
::{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 08b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not to mention, the Windblume Festival is too formal an occasion. Why not be more spontaneous about it?
:{{DIcon}} I think that's a bad idea. Best not to tell him.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 08c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, Paimon thinks so too; you don't wanna get shouted at... Don't make any rash moves!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 12.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' I see... understood. Thank you.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another thing, didn't you say you were going to give flowers to your father? What about Marla? Don't you wanna give her something?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 13.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' Oh! Ah, now that you mention it, I wanted the bard to teach me how to compose a love poem...
:{{DIcon}} Yes, better not neglect her.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 14.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' Of course, and I'll give her some flowers too... Yeah, I&mdash;I'll pick some later.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 6 marvin 15.ogg}} '''Marvin:''' Thank you for your help!
----
;(Talk to [[Ellin]])
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi! We heard you had something you wanted to discuss with the bard? We're his assistants, you can talk to us instead!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 01a.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' It's the Honorary Knight and Paimon!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 02.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' I didn't know I'd see you two here. Well then... I won't stand on ceremony.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 03.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' I wanna offer some flowers to the Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius, [[Jean]].
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 04.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' I guess you must be quite close to Master Jean? She's an incredibly upright and diligent woman, talented and always gets the job done. Honest, kind, gentle, not to mention...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, we get it! She's pretty great!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 05.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Sorry, once I get talking about Master Jean, I get a bit excited...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 06.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' This time tomorrow, I'll finish composing my poem, pick a fresh dandelion bouquet, head over to the office, and hand the flowers to the guard.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 07.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' It's just... the bouquet, and the poem... I don't know. Hmm... best not sign them after all.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait a second, it's only normal to sign them! Why does that bother you so much?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 08.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Knowing Master Jean's conscientious nature, I'm afraid she'll send a gift in return if she sees my name...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 09.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' She's so busy, I wouldn't want my gift to create more work for her. If I can get this bouquet on her desk, that's enough for me.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 10.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' But then... won't an untraceable bouquet create suspicion? Oh! What should I do?
:;(Venti makes the third gesture)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} I agree, you should avoid signing it.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jean's definitely the kind of women who'd come looking for you if she saw your name! If you really wanna spare her the effort, best leave it unsigned.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 11a.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Right! Glad you agree! It's not without its risks, but her extreme conscientiousness is what I like about her. So for me, raising a bit of suspicion is a risk worth taking...
:{{DIcon}} I think you should ponder the matter a while longer.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No rush, mull it over!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 04b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In any case, it's totally up to you. Is it more important to you for her to remember the person who sent her the flowers, or for her to simply feel respected and loved?
::{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 11b.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Huh... I never thought about it that way... Hmm... The important thing is... how I feel.
:{{DIcon}} I disagree, you should definitely sign your name.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 04c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For sure! A random anonymous gift will definitely get thrown away!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 11c.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' R-Really? You sound so sure! Well, I guess I better include my name...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 12.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' That's taken care of, then. A thousand thanks for your advice, I'll remember it!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're welcome, chin up!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 7 ellin 13.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Will do!
----
;(Talk to [[Albert]])
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You there, are you looking for help from the bard? We're his assistants, why don't you tell us what's on your mind?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 01.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Oh! Uh... really? O&mdash;Okay then... here goes!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 02.ogg}} '''Albert:''' I&mdash;I'm just such a huge fan of Mondstadt's idol... [[Barbara]]-sama...! You must have heard of her? She's the super cute one at the Church of Favonius!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 03.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Not to mention gentle, and she always lifts the people of Mondstadt's spirits with her smile and songs. I'm such a big fan, I even got a few like-minded friends together, and well... What I mean to say is...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 04.ogg}} '''Albert:''' ...You guessed it! I'm the head of the Barbara Fan Club!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... pretty pleased by it too... by the sound of things...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 05.ogg}} '''Albert:''' I carry the hopes and expectations of every member of the fan club on my shoulders. At this special time of the year, I've pledged to send our blessings to Barbara-sama herself!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 06.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Of course, as a level-headed adult, I would never wanna cause any disturbances. I'm just waiting for my time slot with the bard, so I can explain the plan...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 07.ogg}} '''Albert:''' ...Take all the flowers picked by our members and turn them into a huge, giant flower statue! Then, to give her a huge surprise, place it outside the rear entrance of the Church.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 08.ogg}} '''Albert:''' As for the love poem, we don't need any help! We're planning to do it on our own and hang it on the statue itself.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... this giant statue&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 09.ogg}} '''Albert:''' ...Will be about two stories high...!
:{{DIcon}} That sounds like it might just cause her some disturbance.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 10.ogg}} '''Albert:''' But it's all in good faith, don't you see? When Barbara-sama catches sight of it, she'll feel the burning flames of our everlasting love!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 11.ogg}} '''Albert:''' So, what do you think?
:;(Venti makes the third gesture)
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} You know what? Go for it.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something that size is bound to be... impressive. She'll Love it!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 12a.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Right?! I knew it was a great idea, haha.
:{{DIcon}} Give this one some more thought, perhaps.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A two-story gift? More like a gift out of a horror story!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 12b 1.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Huh... You think so...?
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 12b 2.ogg}} '''Albert:''' But, how else will she know of our existence?
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 04b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gee, how WILL she know...
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 12b 3.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Umm... well... now that you mention it, um...
:{{DIcon}} Are you serious? You need to put a stop to all of this immediately!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 04c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A level-headed adult? Huh... more like a dunderheaded infant!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 12c 1.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Huh? But &mdash; gifts have to make a lasting impression!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 04c 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it'll create a lasting impression alright! The Knights of Favonius will have you escorted away.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 12c 2.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Really? B&mdash;But...
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 04c 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But nothing!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 12c 3.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Okay, okay! *sigh* I've got it.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 albert 13.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Thanks for your suggestions, both of you. I gotta go.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He sure left in a hurry!
----
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tone-Deaf Bard! We dished out some advice, just like you said! How did we do?
:''<small>(If any choices are incorrect)</small>''
::{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... Seems like my gestures weren't always translated into the advice I wanted to give.
::{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I guess I need to work on my communication for next time!
:''<small>(If all choices are correct)</small>''
::{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You did a great job, hehe! Thank you!
::{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh?! Next time?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, who else needs some help around here...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmm, what are you three up to? Mind if I get in on the action?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' [[Kaeya]]! Are you also here for romantic guidance?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, it's the greatest bard in town. And now, the greatest romantic advisor in town, no doubt.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Still, don't you have other business to attend to?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh! You mean, teaching people how to compose love poems?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Exactly that. I heard you were teaching classes in the plaza, so I came right away.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Kaeya? you wanna learn how to compose love poems, too?
:{{DIcon}} I thought Kaeya wouldn't need any help in that department.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm not too shabby. Nevertheless, I'd like to register for the fast-track classes.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' How come? You're a smooth talker, do you really need my guidance?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The real question is, are you willing to take me on as a student?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course! When the Mora comes knocking, who am I to keep the door closed?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha... Well then, I guess I'm enrolled.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' And as your student, may I make some reasonable demands?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha, Paimon knew there was more to it!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Demands? *sigh* Let's hear them.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' As students, aside from attending class, we also need homework exercises.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Surely a well-designed course would require us to put our knowledge into practice, and then... have our teacher correct the poems we compose.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, Venti has to correct the students' homework?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Precisely. All in exchange for payment, naturally. These are my demands.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Or to put it another way, I'm actually gonna have to work for a living!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha, is that so bad? I just think that with things like this, you should see them all the way through.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' More fun for everyone involved, don't you think? What do you say?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I feel like Kaeya's knack for mischief is at play here...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Still, correcting homework... this is indeed a vital step.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And I am curious to see the fruit of my students' labor... Hm. Congratulations, Kaeya, your demands have been accepted!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' As I expected, a reasonable and down-to-earth teacher.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hoooold your horses, I have a demand for you, too!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cool... a coercion contest....
:{{DIcon}} A showdown between the pros.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I will pay special attention to your homework and guarantee that you will see improvement in your studies! But as for your tuition fee... some Windblume Festival-exclusive Applebloom Cider should do the trick.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, what with you and Master [[Diluc]] being on such good terms and all, that shouldn't be a problem, should it?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha &mdash; steady now, let's not overestimate my abilities. Still, one bottle of the good stuff in exchange for your guidance... Not an opportunity to pass up.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Whoa, "one" bottle? Make that three!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Geez! Give him an inch and he'll take a mile!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Please? Please, please?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Deal.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Marvelous! Grab some paper and make your way over, Professor Venti's poetry masterclass is now in session!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that paper that Tone-Deaf Bard pulled out of his pocket...? And whose names are those?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 20.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Albert... Ellin... Marvin... Timaeus... Kaeya... Bennett.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, uh &mdash; present!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Bennett's really fired up for this...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 21.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So you're Bennett? Excellent, I like your enthusiasm. Make sure to channel that vigor into your poetry.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yes, Sir!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Even adventurers want to learn how to write poetry... I see this is going to be a popular class.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tone-Deaf Bard's gonna make a fortune...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 22.ogg}} '''Venti:''' My dear students... In a moment, we will gather by the terrace in front of the Cathedral, where I will divulge to you my experiences and techniques in the art of poetic composition.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 23.ogg}} '''Venti:''' After class, I would like every one of you to compose a love poem and hand it to me for... uh... constructive criticism.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 24.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As for your tuition fees, by all means, wait until the course is over before paying. But don't even think about vanishing...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 25.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...In addition to Mora, payment in alcohol is also warmly welcomed!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A quick question, Sir... Does our special arrangement still stand?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 26.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But of course! And when the time comes, you can hand in your homework first!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 27.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Traveler, I'd like you and I to collect the homework submissions together.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Does that fall under the assistant's duties? Do we get paid for this?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 28.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Think of it as an initiation into Mondstadt's traditional culture &mdash; an opportunity to immerse yourself in the Windblume Festival! I'm going to great lengths here to make sure you're a part of the festivities.
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 29.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Not to mention, it would entitle you to a share of the remuneration...
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Sir, yes Sir!
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 30.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Good! In that case, when Kaeya's finished with his homework, let's go look for him at the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]].
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 31.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But for now, I've got classes to teach! Traveler, why not make the most of it and check things out in the meantime?
:{{A|vo eqfh001 9 venti 32.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The vendors in Mondstadt have arranged all sort of festive activities. Don't forget to try them out!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ode to Flower and Cloud
|zhs     = 花与云之诗
|zhs_rm  = Huā Yǔ Yún zhī Shī
|zht     = 花與雲之詩
|zht_rm  = Huā Yǔ Yún zhī Shī
|zh_tl   = Poetry of Flower and Cloud
|ja      = 花と雲の詩
|ja_rm   = Hana to Kumo no Shi
|ja_tl   = Poetry of Flower and Cloud
|ko      = 꽃과 구름의 시
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Poema de flores y nubes
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Ode aux fleurs et aux nuages
|fr_tl   = Ode to Flowers and Clouds
|ru      = Ода цветам и облакам
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = บทกวีแห่งดอกไม้ และกลีบเมฆ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Poem of Flowers and Clouds
|vi      = Bài Thơ Hoa Và Mây
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gedicht von Blumen und Wolken
|de_tl   = Ode of the Flowers And Clouds
|id      = Puisi Bunga dan Awan
|id_tl   = Ode of the Flowers and Clouds
|pt      = Poema das Flores e Nuvens
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
[[pt-br:Poema das Flores e Nuvens]]