{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Odyssean Flower.png
|set   = Nymph's Dream
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|The story must end, and even fresh flowers will wither. But the flower within one's dreams will always remain in full and fragrant bloom.}}
'''Odyssean Flower''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nymph's Dream]].

==Description==
...But in the end, a shadow still fell over the kingdom.<br>
It was not that the dragon defeated the hero, but rather, that they both became lost in the world.<br>
Amidst the [[Cataclysm|chaos]] as thick as lightless dark waters, amidst the sorrows and the partings that followed,<br>
The [[Lyris|Director]] and [[Oceanid|her sisters]] set out on a journey to defeat the evil at its [[Khaenri'ah|source]],<br>
And [[Basil Elton|her assistant]] in turn boarded the ship built for battle, eventually slumbering beneath the waters.<br>
The Narzissen champions and many knights, evil dragons, and virtuous sages were scattered.

[[Alain Guillotin|Some]] [[Mary-Ann|would]] be taken in by the [[Marechaussee Phantom]] or the [[Special Security and Surveillance Patrol]],<br>
And they would work to protect the realm such that it would not again have a shadow cast over it.<br>
[[Rene|Some]] [[Jakob|were]] taken in by [[Karl Ingold|explorers]] moving to and from foreign lands,<br>
And from then on would truly set out on an adventure to witness the edge of the world.

Many years would pass after that.<br>
[[Alain Guillotin|Some]] would try to prevent future tales from ever being stopped by such events as these,<br>
And so would seek out the path ahead using the secrets of machinery and bodies of steel.<br>
[[Rene|Some]], on the other hand, would go against the grain, so that the stories might begin again,<br>
Embarking on a journey beyond normal comprehension in the name of the nymphs.<br>
And just as how some people treasure withered flowers,<br>
[[Mary-Ann|Some]] still reminisce endlessly over the afternoon adventures that have yet to continue...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Odyssean Flower
|zhs     = 旅途中的鲜花
|zhs_rm  = Lǚtú-zhōng de Xiānhuā
|zht     = 旅途中的鮮花
|zht_rm  = Lǚtú-zhōng de Xiānhuā
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 旅中の花
|ja_rm   = Ryochuu no Hana
|ja_tl   = Flower on a Journey
|ko      = 여정 중의 꽃
|ko_tl   = Flower During the Journey
|es      = Flor del Periplo
|es_tl   = Periplus Flower
|fr      = Fleur odysséenne
|fr_tl   = Odyssean Flower
|ru      = Цветок странствий
|ru_tl   = Flower of Wandering
|th      = Odyssean Flower
|vi      = Hoa Tươi Trên Lữ Trình
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blume auf der Reise
|de_tl   = Flower on the Journey
|id      = Odyssean Flower
|pt      = Flor da Jornada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yolculuk Çiçeği
|tr_tl   = Journey Flower
|it      = Fiore odisseico
|it_tl   = Odyssean Flower
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nymph's Dream}}

[[fr:Fleur odysséenne]]
[[ja:旅中の花]]
[[tr:Yolculuk Çiçeği]]
[[uk:Одіссейська квітка]]
[[vi:Hoa Tươi Trên Lữ Trình]]
[[zh:旅途中的鮮花]]