{{About|the event [[World Quest]]|the [[Version 2.5]] event|Of Drink A-Dreaming}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70502
|title         = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|image         = NPC Location Luka Context.png <!--same thing (quest start)-->
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 28 or above
* Complete {{Quest|The Crane Returns on the Wind|showType=0}}
* Complete {{Quest|The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea|showType=0}}
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.
|characters    = Charles; Luka; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Of Drink A-Dreaming''''' is an Event Quest for an event of the same name.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]]
# Talk to Luka and enter the tavern
# Mix Luka the specified drink
#* "Let's just have three shots of coffee."

==Gameplay Notes==
* "Let's just have three shots of coffee."
** {{Ingredient|Coffee|3<!--exactly-->}} in any size cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Angel's Share seems to have started hosting some special event recently...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Luka)
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 01.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Hello there! So, you must be the renowned Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} That's me.
:{{DIcon}} Uh, can I help you?
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't forget about the equally renowned Paimon!
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 02.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Hehe, of course. Well, it just so happens that our tavern, Angel's Share, is hosting a Bartender's Academy Week. I'm hoping the event might interest you.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 03.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Basically, you'll have full access to all of our ingredients to mix cocktails or any other drink you please.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 04.ogg}} '''Luka:''' As long as you refrain from being wasteful, you can enjoy unlimited refills for the drinks you create.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Unlimited refills!
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 05.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Also, you'll be rewarded handsomely if the guests are happy with your drinks.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? There's even rewards!?
:{{DIcon}} Well, Paimon is sold...
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where do we sign up!?
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 06.ogg}} '''Luka:''' It's called an "academy" but attendance is certainly not mandatory...
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 07.ogg}} '''Luka:''' And you don't have to make your decision right away. You're more than welcome to give it a try first.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 08.ogg}} '''Luka:''' So, what do you think? Will you give the academy a try?
:{{DIcon}} Okay, we'll give it a shot.
::{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 09a.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Great, then please come on in. First, Charles will walk you through some basic techniques.
:{{DIcon}} We need some time to consider.
::{{A|vo eqtj001 1 luka 09b.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Sure, no problem. Please come back whenever you're ready.

;(Talk to Luka again)
:{{A|vo eqtj001 2 luka 01.ogg}} '''Luka:''' So, what do you think? Will you give the academy a try?
:{{DIcon}} Okay, we'll give it a shot.
::{{A|vo eqtj001 2 luka 02a.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Great, then please come on in. First, Charles will walk you through some basic techniques.
:{{DIcon}} We need some time to consider.
::{{A|vo eqtj001 2 luka 02b.ogg}} '''Luka:''' Sure, no problem. Please come back whenever you're ready.

;(On entering the tavern)
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Hey, I know you two. So, what can I get for you today?
:{{DIcon}} Hi, Charles.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Charles! Actually, we came to be bartenders today!
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Bartenders? Oh, so Luka roped you two in, did he? He's got quite a knack for that.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' {{Traveler}}, you're certainly talented at handling difficult tasks, there's no doubt about that. But mixing cocktails is a whole different game, it's delicate work and requires a certain amount of finesse.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 04.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Everything from the ratios of your ingredients to your mixing techniques could affect the final product.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqtj001 3 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry. {{MC|He|She}}'s a fantastic cook. Cooking and cocktail-making have a lot in common, you know!
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 05.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Alright, I'll take your word for it. Oh, and one more thing...
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 06.ogg}} '''Charles:''' In a previous event, we had a student who arbitrarily mixed three kinds of hard liquor. Just one glass was enough to leave a customer passed out on the floor.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 07.ogg}} '''Charles:''' So in light of that incident, we decided to no longer provide alcoholic ingredients to beginners. I hope you'll understand.
:{{DIcon}} No problem at all.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 3 charles 08.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Great, that just about covers all I have to say. You'll learn all the skills and techniques you need on the fly.

;(If the drink was not made properly)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After successfully making the drink)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 charles 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Mmm, you're a quick learner, this tastes pretty good.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon agrees! This is amazing!
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 charles 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' That was just practice, though. On the job, customers often will have special requests for their drinks.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 charles 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Some may enjoy a stiffer drink, while others might prefer something more sour, everyone has their own preferences. Adjusting the amounts of the ingredients is always the key.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon would like a Caramel Pinecone, extra sweet, in the biggest glass you have. Please and thank you!
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 charles 04.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Well, that's about all there is to it. But, to become a truly exceptional bartender, in addition to mixing skills, you'll also need to master conversing with your customers...
:{{DIcon}} I'm up to the challenge!
:{{DIcon}} I love chatting with people.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 charles 05.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Alright, in that case, you two can take this counter. If you have questions or need any help, just give me a holler.
:{{A|vo eqtj001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Class dismissed! Wait, where's Paimon's Caramel Pinecone?
:{{DIcon}} So you really did want a Caramel Pinecone...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|zhs     = 曲生酌微梦
|zhs_rm  = Qū Shēng Zhuó Wēi Mèng
|zht     = 曲生酌微夢
|zht_rm  = Qū Shēng Zhuó Wēi Mèng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 酌み交す酔夢
|ja_rm   = Kumikawasu Suimu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = A Drunken Dream with Wines
|ko      = 술잔의 작은 꿈
|ko_rm   = Suljan-ui Jageun Kkum
|ko_tl   = A Little Dream of Glass
|es      = Sueños embriagadores
|es_tl   = Intoxicating Dreams
|fr      = Une gorgée d'un rêve d'ivresse
|fr_tl   = A Mouthful of a Dream of Drunkenness
|ru      = Глоток пьянящей мечты
|ru_tl   = A Sip of Intoxicating Dream
|th      = จิบแห่งความฝันอันเมามาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Sips of a Drunken Dream
|vi      = Một Ngụm Mộng Mơ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Schluck eines beschwipsten Traums
|de_tl   = A Sip of a Tipsy Dream
|id      = Seteguk Mimpi Mabuk
|id_tl   = A Gulp of Drunken Dreaming
|pt      = Gole de um Sonho Embriagado
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[ja:酌み交す酔夢 (任務)]]
[[pt-br:Gole de um Sonho Embriagado (Missão)]]
[[ru:Глоток пьянящей мечты (задание)]]