{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Chapter I Act I.png
|type           = Archon
|chapter        = Chapter I
|act            = I
|region         = Liyue
|prev           = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|next           = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|ARReq          = 23
}}
'''Of the Land Amidst Monoliths''' is the first act in [[Chapter I]] of the [[Archon Quests]].

==Quests==
#[[Rite of Descension]]
#[[An Impromptu Change of Plan]]
#''While the quests beyond can generally be completed in any order you like, the way the quests are presented in this guide represent the optimal paths.''
##[[Wangshu]]
##[[Moulder of Mountains]]
##[[Custodian of Clouds]]
#[[Dust to Dust]]

==Summary==
After being informed by [[Venti]] that [[Morax|Rex Lapis]] is coming to Liyue this year to begin the [[Rite of Descension]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] quickly rush to [[Liyue]] to meet the Geo Archon before he leaves.

Arriving at [[Liyue Harbor]], the two just arrive in time for the ceremony. As [[Ningguang]] summons Rex Lapis, he appears dead before the entire crowd. She orders the [[Millelith]] to apprehend all suspects, the Traveler included because they aren't from Liyue and they were too close to the center. The Traveler attempts to sneak out of the area, but on the way, accidentally steps on some glass and alerts the Millelith of their presence. A group of Millelith soon surround the Traveler, who draws their sword out. Before they can fight, a [[Tartaglia|young Hydro user]] defeats them. Taking them to safety, the young man introduces himself as "Childe", and asks if they met [[Signora]] in [[Mondstadt]]. The two realize that Childe is also one of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Harbingers]] and become wary of him, but Childe insists that he is not here to fight and that he will tell them more when they arrive at [[Northland Bank]].

Upon making their way to the bank, Childe tells them in order to clear their name, they have to get the word of the [[adepti]] before the Millieth does, who are rumored to live at [[Jueyun Karst]]. He gives them a [[Sigil of Permission|sigil]] to prevent the adepti from harming them if they become hostile.

At Jueyun Karst, the pair meet with the [[Moon Carver]], who notices their sigil and asks what they are doing in the area. The Millelith then arrive, prompting the Moon Carver to ask the Traveler to remove them so they can continue speaking. With the guards routed, the Traveler explains that Rex Lapis was assassinated, much to the adepti's rage. Knowing that the Traveler is innocent of the crimes that the Millelith have accused them of, it tells them to seek out the [[Cloud Retainer]] and [[Mountain Shaper]] and the [[Xiao|Demon Conqueror]]; the former two residing around Jueyun, and the latter in [[Wangshu Inn]].

The "Demon Conqueror" the Moon Carver was referring to is a young man named Xiao, who appears to be irritated by their presence and leaves. Speaking to the inn's boss, [[Verr Goldet]], she tells them that Xiao is actually an adepti and enjoys [[Almond Tofu]], leaving the other dish up to them, which they decide to make a [[Satisfying Salad]]. She suggests they speak to the [[Smiley Yanxiao|chef]] for the special Almond Tofu. The chef however, is too terrified to create the dish, as a ghost has been haunting the inn. As the pair investigate, Paimon spots the ghost, terrifying the chef even further. With Goldet's advice, the pair follow the ghost, who ends up possessing a decrepit [[Ruin Hunter]]. After defeating the Ruin Hunter, the ghost promises to stop haunting the inn if the Traveler continues to play with her. Upon telling the chef of the ghost's promise, he is relieved and creates some Almond Tofu for them.

With the tofu and salad on hand, they catch up to Xiao. They manage to stop him from leaving by offering him their food, and then tell him about Rex's death, which shocks him. At Paimon's request, he explains to them that the ghost is an innocent spirit who could not move on, so he asked the innkeeper and boss to take care of her for the time being.

With one of the three adepti found, the Traveler and Paimon begin their search for the Mountain Shaper. Arriving on [[Mt. Hulao]], they find a [[Li Ding|man]] begging the adepti to give mercy to him and his [[Li Dang|brother]]. Mistaking the two for adepti messengers, he explains to them that they were going up the mountain when his brother became encased in amber. They find his brother and free him from the amber. The Mountain Shaper then appears, angered at the Traveler for freeing a "thief" and disturbing its mountain. Showing it the sigil, it then questions them to their presence and learns from them about Rex's death. It also explains to them that it planted many karst flowers to keep the mountain's tranquility, seeing everyone else as thieves and that those who stepped on the flowers would be encased in amber.

With the second adepti found, the Cloud Retainer is the last one to be found. Arriving at [[Mt. Aocang]], they find a stone table with food remains, which is meant to be food offered to the adepti. Looking around the area, they place some delicious [[Matsutake Meat Rolls]], [[Jewelry Soup]] and [[Mora Meat]] on the stone table. Cloud Retainer allows them to enter its residence for the offerings, but will only meet them if they can navigate its domain. They are able to solve the puzzles and meet Cloud Retainer, upon which they explain about Rex's death to it. Cloud Retainer becomes enraged and vows to destroy Liyue for their crimes, but the Traveler manages to calm it down by countering with a "contract" of sorts with the food they had offered it, which it reluctantly accepts.

Now with all three adepti found, the Traveler returns to Childe and informs them of all that had transpired, who in turn tells them that the Liyue Qixing are refusing to let anyone see Rex's body. Paimon accidentally blurts out that they came to visit The Seven, which Childe immediately takes note of. He tells them that he can help them, but it will be some time in order to meet with his contact.

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Of the Land Amidst Monoliths}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|zhs     = 浮世浮生千岩间
|zhs_rm  = Fúshì Fúshēng Qiān Yán Jiān
|zht     = 浮世浮生千岩間
|zht_rm  = Fúshì Fúshēng Qiān Yán Jiān
|zh_tl   = Fleeting World and Transient Life Among Thousand Rocks
|ja      = 浮世浮生千岩間
|ja_rm   = Ukiyo Fusei Chi'iwama{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Fleeting World and Transient Life Among Thousand Rocks
|ko      = 신비로운 천 가지 바위의 땅
|ko_rm   = Sinbiro'un Cheon Gaji Bawi-ui Ttang
|ko_tl   = Land of Mysterious Thousand Rocks
|es      = La tierra entre los monolitos
|es_tl   = The Land Amidst Monoliths
|fr      = La terre mystique aux mille rochers
|fr_tl   = The Mystical Land of One Thousand Rocks
|ru      = Загадочная земля тысячи камней
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สรรพสิ่งแห่งดินแดนหิน
|th_rm   = Sap Ding Haeng Din Daen Hin
|th_tl   = Everything of the Land of Stone
|vi      = {{tt|Phù Thế Phù Sinh Thiên Nham Gian|浮世浮生千岩間}}
|vi_tl   = Fleeting World and Transient Life Among Thousand Rocks{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Vom Land inmitten von Monolithen
|de_tl   = In the Land Amidst of Monoliths
|id      = Negeri Melayang di Antara Beribu Batu
|id_tl   = Floating Land Amidst Thousands of Rock
|pt      = O País no Meio de Monólitos
|pt_tl   = The Country in the Middle of Monoliths
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}

[[es:La tierra entre los monolitos]]
[[pt-br:O País no Meio de Monólitos]]