{{Event Tabs}}
{{Stub}}
{{Event
|name              = Off We Go to the Nation of Pyro!
|image             = Off We Go to the Nation of Pyro!.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-08-22 11:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-09-24 03:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/125420
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240822new-w0suak/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Cheer for the Sacred Flame Pilgrimage to receive 3 new weapons!<br>Embark on a new adventure~}}
'''Off We Go to the Nation of Pyro!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.8]].

==Event Duration==
August 22, 2024 – September 24, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Event Description==
During the event, you can check out the new [[character]]s and landscapes of [[Natlan]], and learn more about Natlan's stories. You can also cheer for the Sacred Flame Pilgrimage by logging in to receive three forgeable 4-star [[weapon]]s and Ascension Materials.

==Cheer for the Sacred Flame Pilgrimage==
During the event, log in to the web event to automatically receive one chance to cheer. After cheering, it randomly grants the event with 1–8 Cheers.

Once the total Cheers value reaches 30 million across all servers, the corresponding rewards will be unlocked. Rewards include: {{Item|Ring of Yaxche|type=Weapon}}, {{Item|Footprint of the Rainbow|type=Weapon}}, and {{Item|Earth Shaker|type=Weapon}}, along with their corresponding Ascension Materials: {{Item|Delirious Decadence of the Sacred Lord|x=6}}, {{Item|Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Terror|x=3}}, {{Item|Axis of the Secret Source|x=3}}, {{Item|Shard of a Shattered Will|x=3}}, {{Item|Ignited Stone|x=3}}, {{Item|Sentry's Wooden Whistle|x=4}}, and {{Item|Damaged Mask|x=2}}.

Travelers who participate in the cheering during the web event will receive the aforementioned rewards.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The rewards for this event will be distributed via in-game mail after the Version 5.0 update. If you participated in the web event before the Version 5.0 update, please wait patiently~<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>New players who only have a HoYoverse Account can also cheer for the Sacred Flame Pilgrimage. The rewards will automatically be sent to the character's account via in-game mail within 1–2 days after the character has been created. If the rewards do not appear after creating the new account, please return to this event page and click to claim them again.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Please create an account before September 24, 23:59:59 to receive your rewards, or the rewards will expire and cannot be claimed.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Each UID can participate in the "Cheer for the Sacred Flame Pilgrimage" once and can receive only one set of rewards.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Cheers obtained through any means that violate laws, regulations, or user agreements will not be counted.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Due to the large volume of data, there will be a 5–10 minute delay in displaying Cheer points. We thank you for your patience.

==Event Rewards==
===Rewards for Viewing the Natlan Display Page===
View the Natlan Display Page to obtain the corresponding rewards. The rewards include: {{Item|Primogem|x=40}} and {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=5}}.

===Sharing Rewards===
Successfully share for the first time in the web event to obtain {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Off We Go to the Nation of Pyro!
|zhs      = 出发！火之国
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 出發！火之國
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = いざ！炎の国へ
|ja_rm    = Iza! Honoo no Kuni e
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 출발! 불<->의 나라<->로
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Rumbo a la Nación del Fuego!
|es_tl    = Heading to the Nation of Fire!
|fr       = En route ! Vers la nation Pyro !
|fr_tl    = On the Way! To the Pyro Nation!
|ru       = Отправляемся в страну Пиро!
|ru_tl    = Let's Set Off to the Land of Pyro!
|th       = ออกเดินทาง! ประเทศแห่งไฟ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Xuất Phát! Vương Quốc Của Lửa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Auf geht’s ins Reich des Feuers!
|de_tl    = Off We Go to the Realm of Fire!
|id       = Berangkat! Menuju Bangsa Pyro!
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Rumo à Nação do Fogo!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Hadi Ateş Ulusuna Gidelim!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Direzione: Nazione di Pyro!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[ru:Отправляемся в страну Пиро!]]
[[vi:Xuất Phát! Vương Quốc Của Lửa]]