{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|deceased         = Killed by Traveler in [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]
|image            = Enemy Nobushi - Jintouban.png
|region           = Inazuma
|title            = Iwakura Art Shoden
|affiliation      = Oni
|affiliation2     = Iwakura Clan
|sibling          = Okazaki Toraemon
}}
'''Okazaki Kunihiko''' {{Lang|ja=岡崎久仁彦}} is a special enemy found in [[Byakko Plain]], [[Inazuma]]. He is one of the [[Iwakura Art]] disciples that can be fought and killed while exploring the region, as well as [[Okazaki Toraemon]]'s brother.

He appears as a [[Nobushi: Jintouban]] and guards a [[Precious Chest]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
At some point in their lives, Kunihiko and his brother Toraemon were adopted by an Iwakura Art practitioner. When Toraemon and fellow disciple [[Yanagiha Arashi]] were expelled from the clan by its previous master, [[Eiin]], Kunihiko presumably remained, as he did not his follow his brother. Sometime after, Nagatane died and was succeeded by [[Iwakura Mitsunari]].

When the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was enacted, Mitsunari had his [[Vision]] taken and decided to join the [[Shogunate]] forces.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Iwakura Mitsunari}}</ref> Many of the other clan members saw this as a betrayal of their clan's pursuit of righteousness and deserted him, choosing to fight against the Shogunate or going rogue completely. Based on his dialogue upon initiating combat, Kunihiko was the latter; he only cared about testing his strength against the [[Traveler]]'s. The Traveler ultimately slays him, and his last words are calling out to his brother.

After receiving word that a Traveler has been going around killing Iwakura Art disciples, Toraemon and Arashi travel around Inazuma to retrieve their swords for a memorial. This memorial is built in the same place where Kunihiko was slain, with Toraemon voicing his desire to avenge Kunihiko in particular before forcing the Traveler into a fight. They, too, are slain and the Traveler lays their swords to rest with the others'.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Okazaki Toraemon}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Yanagiha Arashi}}</ref>

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approach)
:'''Iwakura Art: Okazaki Kunihiko:''' An outlander? A good chance to test my sword.

;(Upon defeat)
:'''Iwakura Art: Okazaki Kunihiko:''' Brother...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
{{Transclude|Okazaki Toraemon|Trivia}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|zhs     = 冈崎久仁彦
|zhs_rm  = Gāngqí Jiǔrényàn
|zht     = 岡崎久仁彥
|zht_rm  = Gāngqí Jiǔrényàn
|ja      = 岡崎久仁彦
|ja_rm   = Okazaki Kunihiko
|ko      = 오카자키 쿠니히코
|ko_rm   = Okajaki Kunihiko
|es      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|fr      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|ru      = Окадзаки Кунихико
|th      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|vi      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|de      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|id      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|pt      = Okazaki Kunihiko
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}