{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Old Hu.png
|realname         = <!-- Full name not yet revealed -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Liyue
|affiliation      = Wangsheng Funeral Parlor
|title            = 

|ancestry         = Hu Family
|sibling          = Baizhu's Master
|siblingNote      = younger brother; deceased
|child            = Hu Tao's father
|childNote        = son; deceased
|relative         = Hu Tao
|relativeNote     = granddaughter

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Old Hu''' was the 75th director of [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]. He was the older brother of [[Baizhu's master]] and grandfather of [[Hu Tao]], 77th director. He makes his first appearance in a spiritual form in the {{Quest|Qimen Arts and the Rite of Homa, the Spirits are Calmed and Life Restored}}.

==Profile==
At some point in the past, Old Hu married and had a son. Ten years prior to the [[Traveler|Traveler's]] arrival, Old Hu and his son went to [[Wuwang Hill]] in order to conduct the Art of Homa to purge a large amount of fetor that had accumulated in the area. Unfortunately, his son had too many regrets that resulted in him faltering at the last moment, which caused the accumulated fetor to kill him instantly. While Old Hu managed to salvage his son's catastrophic accident, the incident resulted in lasting changes to Wuwang Hill, destroyed the nearby village and Old Hu, who was relatively healthy, died before the age of sixty due to the amount of fetor he had accumulated.

Ten days after his death, Hu Tao, now thirteen, oversaw his "grand" funeral. After the funeral, Hu Tao searched for his spirit in Wuwang Hill, with no success. She realized that her grandfather had already passed through the border between life and death, due to his lack of regrets about his life and his acceptance of his own death. Inspired by her grandfather's example to live life to the fullest, Hu Tao returned home where she discovered she received a [[Pyro]] [[Vision]].

In the Lantern Rite following the Traveler's visit to [[Natlan]], Liyue's Ley Lines were threatened by an out-of-control fetor that required the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor to handle. Hu Tao, with the assistance of Liyue's authorities and adepti, located the eight gates, while she took on the Gate of Death. In order to seal the fetor, a person needed to be obfuscated &mdash; in this case, Hu Tao. While performing the ritual, Hu Tao was overcome with fetor and sent to the border between life and death, where she encountered Old Hu and her father. He was pleased by his granddaughter's duties, and had come because they had missed her. Old Hu told her that her time had not yet come before disappearing alongside his son.

===Appearance===
Old Hu was described as "large and musclebound," with a head two sizes larger than Hu Tao's. He wore the hat that Hu Tao currently wears, before it was passed down to her and modified to fit her head. He also possesses the same irises his eyes that Hu Tao inherited.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Hu Tao|Harmony Hexagram Hat}}</ref>

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
''(To be added.)''

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
<!-- 
==Trivia==
*
-->
==Gallery==
{{Transclude|Hu Family|Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Old Hu
|zhs      = 胡老 / 老胡头
|zhs_rm   = Hú Lǎo / Lǎo Hú Tóu
|zht      = 胡老 / 老胡頭
|zht_rm   = Hú Lǎo / Lǎo Hú Tóu
|ja       = 胡じい
|ja_rm    = Fuu-jii{{Assumed}}
|ko       = 호 영감
|es       = Señor Hu / Viejo Hu
|fr       = Vieux Hu
|ru       = Старший Ху / Старина Ху
|th       = คุณปู่ Hu / ตาแก่ Hu
|vi       = Ông Hu / Lão Hu
|de       = Alter Hu / Alter Direktor Hu
|id       = Kakek Hu / Si Tua Hu
|pt       = Sr. Hu
|tr       = İhtiyar Hu
|it       = Vecchio Hu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3|introduced=1.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}