{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Oleg.png
|region           = Snezhnaya
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Fatui
|title            = Slippery Viper
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Oleg''' is a quest-exclusive NPC who appears in the [[World Quest]] ''[[The Foolish Fatuus]]''. He is a [[Fatui Pyro Agent]] and a subordinate of [[Il Dottore]]'s, collaborating with the Eremite [[Kasim]] on a project to extract the power of [[The Withering]].

==Profile==
Oleg is among the Fatui working on Il Dottore's projects in [[Sumeru]]. Unlike [[Alphonso]]'s (Trofin Snezhevich's) group, which aimed at capturing the [[Aranara]] as part of Il Dottore's interest in utilizing the power of dreams, Oleg attempted to harness the power of The Withering. To that end, he collaborated with "Kasim the Bandit," allegedly a notorious Eremite bandit who possessed [[Energy Extraction Device]]s called "Saghira Machines," which were capable of extracting energy from The Withering.

After the [[Traveler]] disrupted the devices set up at eight Eremite camps, they discover Oleg and Kasim. Kasim flees while Oleg attempts to fight them off, but retreats after being defeated. In his haste, he drops an [["Emergency Adjustment Plan"]] allowing the Traveler to track him down another two times, much to his bewilderment. After the third beating, Oleg retreats to his stronghold, leaving the Traveler to track down Kasim instead.

After defeating Kasim, and if the Traveler coerces the truth out of him, it turns out that Oleg was being deceived all along. While Oleg had approached Kasim under the belief that he was a notorious Eremite bandit, Kasim's guise was only maintained as a result of the work he did for the Fatui outside of Sumeru. Kasim's so-called "Saghira Machines" were actually devices developed to extract Ley Line energy by the expelled [[Sumeru Akademiya]] researcher [[Abattouy]]. Regardless of whether the Traveler finds out the truth, they learn that Kasim had no idea whether the Energy Extraction Devices worked as intended, and eventually discovered the whereabouts of the Fatui stronghold as well as the Fatui's watchword.

The Traveler disguised themselves with the Fatui mask [[Diluc]] gave them during ''[[Chasing Shadows]]'' and made their way to the stronghold. Oleg, who was keeping watch, was initially surprised to see them but curbs his surprise and lets them in after they give the correct watchword. While making their way inside the stronghold, Oleg berates them as if they were new recruits, only to reveal that he had lured them into a trap. After his defeat, [[Paimon]] and the Traveler reveal how he was tricked and have him arrested by [[Rukh Shah]].

===Personality===
Oleg displays disdain towards Alphonso for failing to produce results despite being stationed in Sumeru for years and brags about how he would yield results much sooner, indicating that he craves recognition from his superiors. He is also the first character astute enough to see through the Traveler's thinly veiled disguise, which merely consists of a Fatui mask, and he makes it a point to call out how obvious the disguise is to someone who has fought them three times.

However, he makes several notable slip-ups of his own, none of which he notices until it is too late: he readily accepts Kasim's falsified reports; he fails to notice that he had dropped his diagram which detailed his plan, allowing the Traveler to track him down; and if the Traveler fails to coerce the Fatui stronghold's location out of Kasim, they eventually find a Fatui handbook revealing not only its location, but also the Fatui's code: "Never bring your own rule book to someone else's place." Paimon does not hesitate to point out the irony of a Fatuus writing down such valuable information and leaving it in an Eremite camp.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*{{lang|{{w|Oleg}}|ru=Олег}} is an East Slavic given name which means "holy" or "blessed."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Oleg
|zhs     = 奥列格
|zhs_rm  = Àoliègé
|zht     = 奧列格
|zht_rm  = Àoliègé
|ja      = オレグ
|ja_rm   = Oregu
|ko      = 올레그
|ko_rm   = Ollegeu
|es      = Oleg
|fr      = Oleg
|ru      = Олег
|th      = Oleg
|vi      = Oleg
|de      = Oleg
|id      = Oleg
|pt      = Oleg
|tr      = Oleg
|it      = Oleg
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->