{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72672
|title         = Omni-Ubiquity Net
|image         = World Quest Omni-Ubiquity Net.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = * Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30 or above
* Complete [[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]] and [[A Teapot to Call Home: Part I]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|rewards       = Omni-Ubiquity Net*10;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*30,000
|characters    = Sango; Traveler; Wakamurasaki
}}
'''''Omni-Ubiquity Net''''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks the ability to purchase the [[Omni-Ubiquity Net]] from [[Wakamurasaki]].

It was released after the end of the [[Bantan Sango Case Files: The Warrior Dog]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Sango]]
# Look for Wakamurasaki
# Use the Omni-Ubiquity Net to capture small animals
# Report back to Wakamurasaki
# Talk to Sango

==Gameplay Notes==
* Capturing a small animal for the first time grants the {{Achievement|Zoo Tycoon (Tier 1)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Sango]] says that her friend would like to modify the [[Ubiquity Net]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Sango)
:'''Sango:''' Ugh, that Wakamurasaki... I shouldn't have let her know about [[Kageroumaru]]...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Sango:''' Oh, hello there, Traveler. Do you still remember the [[Ubiquity Net]], by any chance?
:'''Sango:''' After we settled the previous incident, I explained all that happened to a friend of mine.
:'''Sango:''' Her name is Wakamurasaki, and she's... Well, she calls herself a "designer."
:'''Sango:''' She was quite inspired by the manner in which you used the net.
:'''Sango:''' So she's been badgering me this whole time to help her look up new techniques with which she can continue modifying the Ubiquity Net...
:'''Sango:''' I couldn't deal with all that nagging, so I did find her something new in that ancient collection of mine...
:'''Sango:''' If the fancy takes you, Traveler, go to her place. If I don't miss my guess, she's probably finished her modifications by now.

;(Talk to Sango again)
:'''Sango:''' If the fancy takes you, Traveler, go to her place. If I don't miss my guess, she's probably finished her modifications by now.
----
;(Talk to Wakamurasaki)
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Well, that should certainly do it...
:{{DIcon}} Hello there, are you Wakamurasaki?
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' That's me! What do you need?
:{{DIcon}} Well, I'm here about the Ubiquity Net...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Oh, are you? ...Ohh, I remember now. You must be that Traveler! Sango told me about you.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' The way in which you operated that Net was truly impressive. Inspiring, in fact!
:{{DIcon}} I've heard that you've been modifying it.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Aye, that's right! Hehe... Sango dug up an all-new Onmyou technique for me and all!
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' I used that technique to modify this net once again, and I name this new model the "[[Omni-Ubiquity Net]]"!
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' According to Sango, this technique is able to detain the essence of living creatures before using certain objects as media to recreate the shape of that living being.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' She even says that the utmost achievement of such an Onmyoudou technique is to recreate a human essence!
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Such essences can answer questions and will never lie.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' I must say that such a technique would be of unbelievable help to a detective like Sango!
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' You know what? I actually think that's why she told me about that technique and allowed me to make changes to the net...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Ah, ah! But don't you go around telling anyone that. I'm only telling you this because you and Sango are friends, alright?
:{{DIcon}} I&mdash;Is it really that amazing?
:{{DIcon}} Were your modifications successful?
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Um, not yet...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' No matter how I modify it, this net can only be used to recreate the essences of small creatures. It has no effect on humans whatsoever.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' You know what, Traveler? Take this net with you. Who knows, seeing you in action might give me some inspiration again!
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Here, take it with you &mdash; and remember, it's the Omni-Ubiquity Net now, not just the Ubiquity Net!
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Go on, then, go catch a few lil' animals to test it out!

;(Talk to Wakamurasaki again)
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Go on, then, go catch a few lil' animals to test it out!

----
;(Talk to Wakamurasaki after capturing an animal)
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' How did it go? Well?
:{{DIcon}} It was a one-and-done...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Hmm... I suppose that was inevitable...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Like I said before, this technique can detain the essence of a small animal, but if you want to retain that essence and recreate that animal, you will need a separate medium.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' I integrated those techniques into the Net, such that it is also the essence-retention device and the recreation medium.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds... complicated...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Well, basically, each net can only be used once.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' This is an issue that I haven't been able to solve yet, either. If the medium can't stand repeated use, the cost of this device will be way too high...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' I'll continue doing research into this net and try to fix the problem as soon as possible.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' If you still need Omni-Ubiquity Nets, you can come find me.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' And uh... even though these nets can catch small animals, they're a bit of a fuss to put together...
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' So, next time you want one of these nets, you'll have to pay me a nominal fee.
:'''Wakamurasaki:''' Relax! You're Sango's friend, I won't charge you too much. You'll get a good rate, I promise!
----
;(Talk to Sango)
:'''Sango:''' Did you find Wakamurasaki?
:{{DIcon}} So, here's the deal with the Omni-Ubiquity Net...
:'''Sango:''' "Omni-Ubiquity Net"... You know what? It's not a bad name. Still, that technique...
:{{DIcon}} Can that technique really detain a human's essence?
:'''Sango:''' Uh, no. That's not possible.
:'''Sango:''' There are only records of such an [[onmyoudou]] technique existing. Any practicum has long disappeared into the mists of time.
:'''Sango:''' The technique that I taught Wakamurasaki can only do that for small animals.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, then why didn't you tell her?
:'''Sango:''' Oh, that? I just wanted Wakamurasaki to help me spread a certain something around.
:'''Sango:''' "[[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]]'s president is currently asking someone to create a net using Kamuna Onmyoudou that can make people tell the truth."
:'''Sango:''' The long-lost Kamuna Onmyoudou, the Bantan Sango Detective Agency, and a net that can indeed detain the essences of small creatures.
:'''Sango:''' Put all three together, and you have an urban legend that both sounds impressive, and that actually has a grain of truth to it.
:'''Sango:''' For most people, these urban legends are just little stories... But for criminals who already have the seed of fear in their hands, such tales are not so simple.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, so that's how it is...
:'''Sango:''' The other side of it is... Well, Wakamurasaki was starting to get on my nerves with that whole "find me the strongest onmyoudou technique ever!" nonsense.
:'''Sango:''' I told her many, many times that such things don't exist, but she wouldn't listen! So I had no choice but to give her *something* to work with so she'd get off my back.
:{{DIcon}} What if Wakamurasaki doesn't tell anyone about this?
:'''Sango:''' Im-possible. She couldn't keep a secret to save her life. Trust me, I know her waaay too well...
:'''Sango:''' Either way, thanks for making the trip on my behalf. Take this. Consider it payment for the errand run.
:'''Sango:''' Archon, I hope she doesn't come to bother me again. I'm a detective you know? Not some onmyouji...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Omni-Ubiquity Net
|zhs     = 四方八方之网
|zhs_rm  = Sìfāng-Bāfāng zhī Wǎng
|zht     = 四方八方之網
|zht_rm  = Sìfāng-Bāfāng zhī Wǎng
|zh_tl   = All-Directional Net
|ja      = 四方八方の網
|ja_rm   = Shihou Happou no Ami
|ja_tl   = All-Directional Net
|ko      = {{tt|사방팔방|四方八方}}의 그물
|ko_rm   = Sabangpalbang-ui geu-mul
|ko_tl   = All-Directional Net
|es      = La red de la ubicuidad suprema
|es_tl   = The Supreme Ubiquity Net
|fr      = Omnifilet d'ubiquité
|fr_tl   = Omni-Net of Ubiquity
|ru      = Сеть всевездесущности
|ru_tl   = All-Ubiquity Net
|th      = Omni-Ubiquity Net
|vi      = {{tt|Thiên La Địa Võng|天羅地網}}
|vi_tl   = Inescapable Net
|de      = Netz der Omniubiquität
|de_tl   = Net of Omni-Ubiquity
|id      = Omni-Ubiquity Net
|pt      = Rede Oniubíqua
|pt_tl   = Omni-Ubiquitous Net
|tr      = Üstün Ağ Topu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La Rete dell'ubiquità suprema
|it_tl   = 
|zh_note = Derived from the Japanese idiom {{ja|四方八方|rm=shihou happou|tl=in all directions|lit=four directions, eight directions.}}
|vi_note = Derived from the Chinese idiom {{zh|t=天羅地網|rm=tiānluódìwǎng|tl=inescapable net|lit=nets above, snares below.}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[es:La red de la ubicuidad suprema]]
[[ja:四方八方の網 (任務)]]