{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71099
|type          = World
|image         = World Quest On the Stage, Behind the Stage.png
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|requirement   = [[Interlude Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Crane Returns on the Wind]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Dayu; Fan Er'ye; Granny Ruoxin; Master Lu; Tea Master Liu Su; Traveler; Yun Jin
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Pear Orchard Stage: Yun-Han Style*1
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 150
}}
'''''On the Stage, Behind the Stage''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Tea Master Liu Su|Liu Su]]<!--not sure what starts the quest-->
# Head to [[Qingce Village]] and look for [[Master Lu]]
# Talk to Master Lu
# Collect furniture materials
#* {{Item|Pine Wood|x=3}}, {{Item|Red Dye}}
# Wait until the following day (18:00 – 21:00)
# Head to [[Heyu Tea House]]
# Brew tea with [[Yun Jin]]
# Talk to [[Fan Er'ye]]
# Go to the warehouse at the dock and obtain the wooden planks
# Give the planks to [[Dayu]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Fan Er'ye is also involved in the World Quest ''[[An Ode to Yonder City]]'', so having either quest underway will lock the player out of undertaking the other.
* [[Granny Ruoxin]] is also involved in the World Quest ''[[The Chi of Yore]]'', so having either quest underway will lock the player out of undertaking the other.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be troubling Tea Master Liu Su of Heyu Tea House...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Tea Master Liu Su)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Ugh, just my luck. I'm not gonna tell any more stories today, not today, I swear it!
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' This tiny little stage is really annoying me. It's been poorly maintained for decades! It squeaks at the lightest touch!
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I've long told our boss, Fan Er'ye, that it needed to be replaced, but he would always brush me off, saying that he couldn't find a good carpenter to do the job.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Today, when I was telling the story of "The Wrath of Haishan," it would make that infernal squeak with every pose I would strike.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Nothing could've killed the mood more effectively. Everyone present burst out laughing, and some even made fun of me for it.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I'm fed up with it. I must bring a good carpenter to see Fan Er'ye. Then we'll see what other excuses he can come up with this time!
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' You're from the [[Adventurers' Guild]], right? Can I just directly ask you to find a carpenter for me?
:{{DIcon}} How do I find the carpenter?
:{{DIcon}} Who should I look for?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh, my bad. You don't look like you're from around here. How can I expect you to know where to find good carpenters?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Well, then, how about you go to Qingce Village and look for Master Lu at [[Fanmu Carpenter]]'s. He's known for good skills. Please ask him if he's willing to help me.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' He can send an apprentice if he's not available.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Any carpenter from Fanmu Carpenter's can manage the job, and if they build it right, that means we can finally have a befitting stage for [[Yun Jin|Ms. Yun]].
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Hah! I'm such a genius! With this reasoning that I just came up with, I don't see how Er'ye could say no again this time.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Just rest assured, as long as you bring the carpenter here, you'll be paid in full.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Then I'll be counting on you. I'm at the tea house every day. Come to me when you've found our carpenter.

;(Talk to Liu Su again)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Er'ye, you need to seriously think about it, or else they'll all go to [[Third-Round Knockout]].
----
;(Talk to Master Lu)
:'''Master Lu:''' What's the hurry, young {{MC|man|lady|mc=1}}? Would you like to sit down and have a cup of tea?
:{{DIcon}} Master Lu...
:{{DIcon}} There's something...
:{{Black Screen|''You explain Liu Su's request to Master Lu...''}}
:'''Master Lu:''' Oh, it's not difficult to build a new stage, but I'm afraid I can't help.
:'''Master Lu:''' Liyue Harbor is too far away. No one will be taking care of Fanmu Carpenter's if I go.
:'''Master Lu:''' What's more, I'm too old to travel this far. It would take a toll on my fragile bones.
:{{DIcon}} Then we won't bother Fanmu Carpenter's.
:{{DIcon}} Guess I can kiss that commission fee goodbye, then.
:'''Master Lu:''' Hang on a second. Since you've traveled all the way here, why don't I recommend someone capable to you?
:'''Master Lu:''' Although he's not yet my apprentice, I've been considering the possibility of accepting him...
:'''Dayu:''' Master Lu, I'm almost done with the four-chair set the village head wanted, but I ran out of wood for the last chair.

:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Dayu, thank you for helping out in the village.
:'''Master Lu:''' Speak of the devil! I was about to say that Dayu can handle your request as well.
:'''Dayu:''' Do you have a job for me? But I'm not yet Master Lu's apprentice, so I can't represent Fanmu Carpenter's.
:'''Master Lu:''' Calm down there. They came from Liyue Harbor and want us to build a new stage for Heyu Tea House.
:'''Dayu:''' Oh, you want "us" to build a stage? "Us" means me and Master Lu. Did you hear that, [[Granny Ruoxin]]?
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Yes I did. Hehe, Master Lu, Dayu really wants to be your apprentice &mdash; he only follows you around at Fanmu Carpenter's when there are so many other choices.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' He's a diligent and kind boy. It's time you gave the nod.
:'''Master Lu:''' Got it, got it. I've already asked him to take jobs on my behalf. I think I've made myself quite clear.
:'''Dayu:''' Thank you, Master!
:'''Master Lu:''' Dayu, the first job I'm going to officially send you on is to build a stage for Heyu Tea House. Do your best and make me proud.
:'''Dayu:''' Piece of cake &mdash; I've worked for the carpenter who built the stage for the [[Jade Chamber]].
:'''Master Lu:''' Don't be so proud yet. The stage of Heyu Tea House has lasted for decades. You gotta build a sturdy one for them too.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Oh, so this is all for Er'ye's tea house? How has he managed to never replace his tiny stage for so long...
:'''Dayu:''' I'll take the job. Lemme finish the last chair in the set, and I'll come with you.
:'''Dayu:''' I'm sorry that you'll have to wait a bit.
:'''Dayu:''' I need three pieces of Pine Wood for the last chair. I'm going to collect some.
:{{DIcon}} We'll have to wait a bit?
:{{DIcon}} We can't wait.
:'''Dayu:''' Well, if you don't want to wait, then you'll have to magically produce three pieces of [[Pine Wood]] right here, right now.
:{{DIcon}} Got it...
:'''Dayu:''' So you really can do that! Then could I trouble you to bring me one [[Red Dye]]?
:{{DIcon}} Now, wait a minute!
:'''Dayu:''' Haha, don't get so worked up. A great person like you must have a greater heart.

;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Honestly, I'm quite shocked that Er'ye never replaced the stage for all the years...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' He was stingy as a young man, and he's certainly got even worse over the years.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps that's not the reason.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps there's more to it.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Hmph, I know him well enough to tell that he's making things difficult for himself again, even at this age...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Forget it. The little girl from the [[Yun Family|Yun family]] is going to visit me. I gotta go home and make some preparations for my guest.

;(Talk to Master Lu again)
:'''Master Lu:''' Young {{MC|man|lady|mc=1}}, I took on an apprentice today! Let me make some pork stew tonight to celebrate!
----
;(Talk to Dayu)
:'''Dayu:''' Thank you for your help. Have you found three pieces of Pine Wood and one Red Dye?
:;(Submit the items)
:'''Dayu:''' Here they are.
:{{Black Screen|''Dayu busies himself making the chair.''}}
:'''Dayu:''' The last chair is finished. Here you are, Granny Ruoxin. Now, time to head to the tea house.
:'''Dayu:''' Take care, Master. I'll be back in a few days.
:'''Master Lu:''' Alright, be safe.
:'''Dayu:''' Well then, if I leave now, I'll reach Liyue Harbor by tomorrow evening.
:'''Dayu:''' See you at the Heyu Tea House then.
----
;(Approach the Heyu Tea House)
:'''Dayu:''' What do you mean? Don't tell me that you're still arguing amongst yourselves?
:'''Dayu:''' Oh, I get it. Mr. Liu Su wants to build a new stage, but he doesn't get to make the call here. Fan Er'ye, who is actually in charge, isn't keen on building something new. Fine.
:'''Dayu:''' Just let me know when you two have things sorted out. I've just had a tiring trip and would like to get some rest while waiting.
:'''Dayu:''' *sigh* This is just great...
:{{DIcon}} So, our trip is a waste in the end?
:{{DIcon}} But what about our commission fee?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Be patient. Let me try talking to him again.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Er'ye, if you don't want to spend a small sum of money on this stage, you'll lose a big fortune in the future.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Just think about it: Every time Ms. Yun gives her marvelous "spear flourish" performance, the audience will hear the squeak of the stage before they even get to applaud.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Isn't that simply embarrassing? The [[Yun-Han Opera Troupe]] isn't obliged to perform at our tea house. They could go somewhere else if they're displeased. That would be a huge loss on our side.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Ms. Yun is a dear friend, she would never do that to me.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' You're quite an optimist, aren't you? But I heard that many people have chosen to go to Third-Round Knockout instead of our tea house lately.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Iron Tongue Tian has gotten even more popular than me. Could you try to be a little more realistic?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' With all the money Ms. Yun has earned for the tea house, don't tell me that you can't even afford to build a new stage.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Did someone just call my name? Oh, it's you, Mr. Liu Su. You look angry. What happened?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' It's nothing. I'm not angry, actually. Well, are you here to perform today?
:'''Yun Jin:''' I'm just here to have some tea and pay you and Er'ye a visit.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Ah, if it isn't {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} What a surprise...
::'''Yun Jin:''' I'd say it's fate. I am not at all surprised.
:{{DIcon}} I was just thinking about you...
::'''Yun Jin:''' Hehe, you're being humorous.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Haha, Ms. Yun certainly knows the art of conversation! Come, friends, I have some newly made tea from Qiaoying Village. Let's brew a pot.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Er'ye, when I was downstairs, I heard that you are going to rebuild the stage. So, this day has finally come?
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Ahem... This will need a bit more consideration...
:'''Yun Jin:''' Oh? A bit more consideration...
:'''Yun Jin:''' Speaking of which, do you know who I visited in the Qingce Village today?
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' You can just directly tell me that you went to see Ruoxin again.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Good guess! Granny Ruoxin was asking about Heyu Tea House, and I told her that everything was the same as when she was young. Then she said...
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' What did she say?
:'''Yun Jin:''' Oops... I forgot what she said!
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' You seem to have a good memory, but why does it have to fail on this particular day with something so important!
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Forget it. She'll be happy with things remaining as they were.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Young people are always after new things and have little respect for the past. All you know is forcing me to rebuild the stage. The more I explain, the more you'll find me annoying, hmph.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Please don't get mad, Er'ye. Let's have tea, and I shall brew some. {{Traveler}} and Mr. Liu Su, could I trouble you to bring me some tea?

;(Talk to Fan Er'ye again)
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Stop nagging me about repairing the stage. Let me think about it.

;(Talk to Dayu again)
:'''Dayu:''' I thought it was a serious job and even brought with me the blueprint for the grand stage on the Jade Chamber. Who would've thought that the requesters hadn't even reached a consensus? Was it just a practical joke or something?
----
;(Approach the marked location upstairs)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Ms. Yun, I was wondering why Er'ye refused to build a new stage despite all its benefits.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Now I see why &mdash; thanks to your clever choice of topic.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I understand his nostalgia. Yes I really do, but I didn't expect him to have held on to that for decades.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Now we know the reason behind it.
:{{DIcon}} I don't get it.
:'''Yun Jin:''' This is an old story, but since you're involved, I guess it won't hurt to tell you.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Fan Er'ye used to be an opera singer when he was young, and he often performed together with Granny Ruoxin. They would usually play a couple. Perhaps Er'ye wanted it to be real.
:'''Yun Jin:''' But Granny Ruoxin had feelings for someone else. Later, she grew tired of stage performance and then decided to go to Qingce Village with the one she loved.
:'''Yun Jin:''' But that person didn't make it to Qingce Village with Granny Ruoxin, leaving her to live alone in the village ever since.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Knowing that I often visit her, Er'ye would ask me about her from time to time.
:'''Yun Jin:''' I can tell that he still cares for Granny Ruoxin. He sees the stage as a symbol of their past and thus doesn't want to tear it down.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' *sigh* Since the stage means so much to Er'ye, he's not gonna let us build a new one. Guess all our efforts are wasted...
:'''Yun Jin:''' That's not necessarily the case. I have a way to change his mind. Give me some time, Mr. Liu Su.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Really? As long as the stage gets repaired, I'll be in your debt, Ms. Yun.
:'''Yun Jin:''' I won't ask for too much. Please tell "Ring of Raining Blades" to its very end. {{Traveler}}, you can join me if you want.
:{{DIcon}} Somehow Yun Jin feels very different than usual.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Our tea house has collaborated with the Yun-Han Opera Troupe for decades. Ms. Yun would naturally feel more approachable around us.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' No problem. I'll make some time and tell the story just for you.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Alright, now that we've finished the tea, it's time to talk to Er'ye.
----
;(Talk to Fan Er'ye)
:'''Yun Jin:''' Er'ye, when we were drinking tea, I suddenly remembered what Granny Ruoxin told me.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Oh, what did she say?
:'''Yun Jin:''' She said: "Er'ye always loves to make things difficult for himself. I feel sad about it."
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' *sigh* She truly understands me.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' But it seems that she doesn't miss the old stage. I'm the only person who can't let go.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' What a fool was I to be so obsessed with this stage. Alright, you can rebuild it as you want.
:'''Yun Jin:''' It's a touching thing to have kept that stage for so many years. I don't find it foolish at all. Please don't think of it that way.
:'''Yun Jin:''' The stage must be rebuilt, but we mustn't damage what Er'ye wants to preserve in memory.
:'''Dayu:''' So you've finally made your decision? Great, I'll start working right away.
:'''Dayu:''' Here, take a look at my blueprint. The grand stage on the Jade Chamber was built based on it.
:'''Dayu:''' According to this design, we need to tear down the walls on the two sides, and...
:'''Yun Jin:''' Let's not get ahead of ourselves. I think we need to repair the stage instead of building something entirely new. Since the problem is caused by the squeaky wood floor, why don't we repair the floor first?
:'''Yun Jin:''' As for the rest, we can talk about it later. What do you think, Mr. Liu Su?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' So long as the stage won't affect performance, I have no objections to Ms. Yun and Er'ye's arrangements.
:'''Dayu:''' Huh, is that all you want? So you don't need me to build a new stage?
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' I agree. Ms. Yun's idea is a good one.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' As it happens, we don't need to buy the planks. We can find some at the docks.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Um... May I trouble you to bring me the planks, {{Traveler}}? I'll pay you for everything in full later.
:{{DIcon}} That works for me.
:'''Dayu:''' ...Alright then, leave everything to me.

;(Talk to Dayu again)
:'''Dayu:''' Master is right, it's difficult to work for people in cities.

;(Talk to Fan Er'ye again)
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Ms. Yun really understands me.

;(Talk to Liu Su again)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Just one round of "Ring of Raining Blades"? No problem.

;(Talk to Yun Jin again)
:'''Yun Jin:''' It's settled then. Wonderful.
:{{DIcon}} About Granny Ruoxin...
::'''Yun Jin:''' I did just come back from Qingce Village, and yes, I visited Granny Ruoxin. I directly quoted what she said. It's just...
::{{DIcon}} It's just?
::'''Yun Jin:''' Shh! It's just that I didn't quote the full sentence. What she said was:
::'''Yun Jin:''' "Er'ye always loves to make things difficult for himself. He's stingy with Mora, and people around him suffer for it as well. It's honestly rather saddening."
::'''Yun Jin:''' Although what she said was true, Er'ye would've been irritated had I repeated exactly every word, so I took the liberty of omitting the other half.
:{{DIcon}} I'll stick around a while.
::'''Yun Jin:''' Great, this is my second favorite thing: to spend some time in the tea house.
::'''Yun Jin:''' Even when Mr. Liu Su isn't telling a story, the mere sound of the bustling city itself is soothing.
::{{DIcon}} Then, what's your most favorite thing?
::'''Yun Jin:''' It's definitely singing the opera on the stage!
::'''Yun Jin:''' I'd love to chat with you more, but I believe that Mr. Liu Su is still waiting for you to bring him his planks so that the stage can get fixed.
----
<!--{{DIcon|Hand}} Pick Planks Up-->
;(Talk to Dayu after retrieving the planks)
:'''Dayu:''' These planks would do. I'll start right away.

:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Nice. The stage has been repaired.
:{{DIcon}} Nothing seems to have changed at all...
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Young man, since you've traveled all the way from Qingce Village to here, how much should I pay you?
:'''Dayu:''' I thought it'd be a big job, yet I only had to repair a few planks. That wasn't much trouble.
:'''Dayu:''' I'm new in this line of job, so I won't ask for too much. Two meals' worth of Mora would do &mdash; that makes 8,000 in total.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' That's a fair price. Good, but I can only offer 2,000 Mora.
:'''Dayu:''' What? Why don't you just ask me to do it for free?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' This is Er'ye for you. He has a "50-50" principle you know.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Well, it means 50% off first, and then 50% off again, making it 75% off in total. It's rather... um... economical.
:'''Dayu:''' Oh my, your boss is really stingy.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' You only repaired a few planks. I'll only offer 2,000, not a single Mora more.
:'''Dayu:''' Guess I'll have to take it since this is my first commission. Remember to put in a good word for Fanmu Carpenter's with your audience!
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' You can count on me!
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' And my young friend here, thanks to you, too. You'll be handsomely paid.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' How about this blueprint? Look at all the details, it must be worth a fortune.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} You're stingy indeed.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Haha, to run a tea house, I have to pinch pennies here and there.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' And Ms. Yun, you solved a problem for me on your visit. How should I thank you?
:'''Yun Jin:''' That won't be necessary. I'm glad that I was able to help.
:'''Yun Jin:''' I had wanted to invite [[Xinyan|{{Not a Typo|Xingyan}}]] to go to a rock 'n' roll performance.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Ohhh, you need me to do some "explaining" for you while you go to the show, right? Hehe.
:'''Yun Jin:''' Don't say that. I just haven't seen my friend {{Not a Typo|Xingyan}} for some time and miss her very much, that's all.
:'''Yun Jin:''' If the people from the Yun-Han Opera Troupe ask about my whereabouts, please...
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Got it, I have the answer ready: "Oh, you're asking about Ms. Yun? She came to visit {{Not a Typo|Xingyan}}, and they did embroidery together."
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' That's what I'm gonna tell them. Do you like this one?
:'''Yun Jin:''' Yes, I do. Then it's decided then.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Blueprint: Pear Orchard Stage: Yun-Han Style}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*Yun Jin and Fan Er'ye's exchange about "Xingyan" at the end of the quest is a reference to Yun Jin's [[Yun Jin/Lore#Character Story 3|Character Story 3]], which describes how Yun Jin made up an account about Fan Er'ye's adopted daughter "Xingyan" to cover up the fact that she is hanging out with [[Xinyan]], whose music Yun Jin's elders dislike.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/AmDrLo2JgIQ
|caption1 = On the Stage, Behind the Stage Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = On the Stage, Behind the Stage
|zhs     = 台上台下
|zhs_rm  = Táishàng Táixià
|zht     = 臺上臺下
|zht_rm  = Táishàng Táixià
|zh_tl   = On the Stage, Off the Stage
|ja      = 舞台上と舞台下
|ja_rm   = Butai-jou to Butai-ka{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = On the Stage and Off the Stage
|ko      = 무대 위, 무대 아래
|ko_tl   = On the Stage, Under the Stage
|es      = Entre bastidores
|es_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|fr      = Sur scène et en-dehors
|fr_tl   = On and Off the Stage
|ru      = На сцене и за кулисами
|ru_tl   = On the Stage and Behind the Scenes
|th      = ทั้งต่อหน้าและเบื้องหลังเวที
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trên Và Dưới Sân Khấu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auf der Bühne und hinter den Kulissen
|de_tl   = On the Stage and Behind the Scenes
|id      = Di Belakang Layar
|id_tl   = Behind the Screen
|pt      = No Palco, Nos Bastidores
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sahnede, Sahne Arkasında
|tr_tl   = On the Stage, Backstage
|it      = Sul palco, dietro le quinte
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

[[es:Entre bastidores]]