{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75504
|image         = Event Quest On the Graffiti Road.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Traces of Artistry
|requirement   = 
|characters    = "Dopey Dazzler"; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [["Children of Echoes"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|prev          = Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary!
|next          = 
|rewards       = Dopey Dazzler's Notes on Graffiti*1;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''On the Graffiti Road''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Traces of Artistry]] Event.

==Steps==
* Quest unlocks automatically after completing all challenges
# Report your recent progress to [[Dopey Dazzler]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During this time, you've visited many places in Natlan to gather inspiration at Dopey Dazzler's suggestion, and you've learned a lot. It's time to report back to her...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to "Dopey Dazzler")
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Heya! You're back!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Judging by your looks, I assume you've seen some spots, gathered some materials, and found your inspiration?
:'''Paimon:''' Well... sorta? We certainly had fun along the way!
:'''Paimon:''' Having a specific goal in mind helped us notice lots of details we wouldn't have before...
:'''Paimon:''' This material-gathering project's been a real eye-opener for us, and we've come away with lots of samples too!
:{{DIcon}} Just a shame that we might not be able to use them all in our graffiti.
:{{DIcon}} My avant-garde philosophy still needs some refinement.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Oh, take your time, no rush! The whole point of the tour around Natlan was to help you realize what "avant-garde" is in the first place.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Speaking of which, mind telling me what you've seen and heard?
:{{Black Screen|You show Dopey Dazzler the graffiti guidebook and the various photos you've taken...}}
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Hmm... Well. Aren't you the conscious photo-taker?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' I didn't expect you to be so experienced with [[Kamera]]s as to subconsciously select excellent compositions for all these pictures.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' If anything, there's a danger I'll be stunting your growth if I say too much. Just a little guidance is all you'll need.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Please, take these notes of mine. Just give them a quick flick through when you encounter scenery on your journey. Perhaps they'll help you take pictures of even greater artistry!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. And here Paimon thought we'd be treated to a picture-by-picture analysis and... Y'know, avant-garde introductory lectures!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's also tempted to try doing some graffiti herself...
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' All the more reason to think that you're talented enough for self-driven learning!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' If anything, too much by-the-books learning might snuff that sort of potential out.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' As such, I think I need to adjust my role from responsible mentor to an assisting senior artist.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Just wait for a rush of inspiration at the opportune moment, then pick your paint jar up and show the world what you've got!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. We're that talented, are we?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe... Looks like all the commissions we took from painters and film directors haven't gone to waste!
:{{DIcon}} My thanks for the compliments, then.
:{{DIcon}} We'll do our best to figure this out.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Relax! You'll get the hang of avant-garde aesthetics on your own in no time!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' I'm usually over in the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]]'s lands, prepping for the construction of the [[Graffiti Alliance]]'s headquarters. If you have any questions, feel free to head over and ask me.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' I'll be sure to kit you out with a fine set of graffiti-making implements next time you pop by!
:'''Paimon:''' Nice! So that's where your headquarters are going to be... We'll remember that. Best of luck!
:{{DIcon}} This was a pretty great time!
:{{DIcon}} See you again!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's not forget to flick through Dopey Dazzler's notes when we're free. Can't do our artistic instincts any harm, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Who knows, we might make a fortune from showing off our skills as graffiti grandmasters someday!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = On the Graffiti Road
|zhs      = 涂鸦之路的方向标
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 塗鴉之路的方向標
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = ラクガキの道標
|ja_rm    = Rakugaki no Touhyou
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 그라피티 길의 길잡이
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Señales por el camino de las pintadas
|es_tl    = Signs Along the Trail of Graffiti
|fr       = Sur la route des graffitis
|fr_tl    = On the Graffiti Road
|ru       = Путь граффити
|ru_tl    = Path of Graffiti
|th       = ป้ายบอกทางของถนนกราฟฟิตี้
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Biển Chỉ Dẫn Trên Con Đường Graffiti
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wegweiser auf dem Pfad der Graffitis
|de_tl    = Road Signs on the Path of Graffitis
|id       = Jalan Menuju Grafiti
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = No Caminho do Grafite
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uzun İnce Bir Grafiti Yolu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Sulla strada dei graffiti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[pt-br:No Caminho do Grafite]]
[[ru:Путь граффити]]