{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest Once the Sacred Seat of Judgment.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Chronicler of the Crumbling City
|part          = 2a
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Awanyu; Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ancient Sacred Mountain]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Ancient Sacred Mountain
|subarea       = Chamber of Deliberation
|prev          = 
|parent        = In Search of a Hidden Heart
|next          = 
|rewards       = Permit to the Sacred Heart
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Once, the Sacred Seat of Judgment''''' is the second part of {{Quest|Chronicler of the Crumbling City}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Chamber of Deliberation]] to obtain the permit
# Activate the Purification Device
# Raise the [[Phlogiston]] barrier
# Receive the permit receptacle
# Watch out for the Phlogiston barrier as it sweeps down
# Activate the permit

==Gameplay Notes==
* If the player touches the Phlogiston barrier(s), their team will be wiped out instantly, then revived with all characters at 35% HP.
* Completing this quest grants the {{Achievement|Beyond the Aquila Rift}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for conditional dialogue.<!-- 
Current dialogue is for: 
- Natlan Act V completed.
- Both major little one quests completed.
- All tribal chronicles completed.
--><br>Add talk-again lines.<br>Add open-world lines.}}
{{Quest Description|In order to uncover a path to the Heart of the Sacred Mountain, it appears you must obtain a permit from the Chamber of Deliberation...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the [[Secret Source Servant]])
:'''Secret Source Servant:''' "I knew you would arrive, and so I prepared a welcome of suitable pomp and circumstance..."
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Secret Source Servant:''' "Though I know that you are only being polite, I am indeed glad to see you."
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so it's you after all! So, uh, what are you calling yourself this time?
:'''Secret Source Servant:''' "This time, my name belonged to a scribe from the Chamber of Deliberation. In truth, he rarely ever touched quill or ink himself &mdash; not since the Secret Source Servants were invented, anyway."
:'''Secret Source Servant:''' "Awanyu... You may address me so."
:'''Paimon:''' Alright then, [[Awanyu]]. So, are you here to help us out with this "Sacred Mountain Heart Permit" thing?
:'''Awanyu:''' "If you are without it, the Astral Assemblages within the [[Heart of the Sacred Mountain]] will attack upon detecting any unauthorized entry..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "...I have extracted records from 'Awanyu.' According to them, the permit required to enter the Heart of the Sacred Mountain has been placed above the Chamber of Deliberation."
:'''Awanyu:''' "For that cause, I have no choice but to set foot in this place... This congress of arrogant fools, this assembly of those who gloried in their powerlessness."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Not to mention a den of pretenders claiming the right to judge their own kin..."
:{{DIcon}} [[Neuvillette|A dragon judge]]... Is it just me, or is that familiar somehow?
::'''Awanyu:''' "I fear you imagine quite the different beast."
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you don't like it here.
::'''Awanyu:''' "And neither would you, were you ever to have been regarded as a criminal."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Let us go. We shall see where they have hidden the permit..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "It seems they have left it over there... Did they even think to hide it at all?"
:'''Awanyu:''' "Still, it seems but an empty shell..."
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey, what's with all these [[Rifthound]]s? Gah, that means the permit's...
:'''Awanyu:''' "Gate security may have been neutralized, allowing them to take advantage of the opening and enter."
:'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait, what do we do, then?
:'''Awanyu:''' "No matter. We need only activate the Chamber of Deliberation's repair and purification facilities."
:'''Awanyu:''' "They are over there..."

;(After activating the Purification Device)
:{{Black Screen|Shadow foe threat detected...}}
:{{Black Screen|Internal safeguard... Auto-repair mode activated...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Paimon never imagined there'd be these sorts of mechanisms inside a place like this... Those monsters never stood a chance!
:'''Awanyu:''' "This place was built to outlast the very eons themselves. Not only does it bristle with defenses, but it is even capable of self-repair..."
:'''Paimon:''' It's so golden and shiny... Paimon wants to touch it!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Awanyu:''' "Haha, it would be best not to... It will not distinguish between 'friend' or 'foe'... It simply consumes everything it touches."
:'''Awanyu:''' "...A crass and brutal approach. Hmph, the designs these fools came up with..."
:'''Paimon:''' Still, we can use it to open the shield covering the permit, right?
:{{DIcon}} It's worth a shot...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} A serious proposal &mdash; a rarity from our dear Paimon...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Grroah, Raowrr!
::'''Awanyu:''' "Indeed. I, too, did not expect our white herald to have such hidden depths... Such hidden wisdom. A shock, to be sure."
::'''Paimon:''' ...Paimon doesn't get what you're so shocked about.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway... Let's find a way to make this thing ascend, shall we?

;(Approach the [[Coagulation Pearl]])
:'''Awanyu:''' "Take the 'Coagulation Pearl.' In environments with abundant Phlogiston, it can create solid platforms beneath your feet."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Then... use it to keep raising the iridescent barrier."

;(Deliver the Coagulation Pearl)
:{{Black Screen|Energy storage medium retrieved. Continuing restoration...}}

;(Approach the first two [[dragon]] sovereign shadows)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' These shadows... Didn't they only appear after the golden barrier passed by just now?
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' ...Ah, most venerable [[Silver Prince]], I present you with the articles of denouncement as prepared by the [[Thirteen Lords]] and Three Princes.
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' Perhaps it would be best to keep your distance from the "humans" who were brought here by the reaver from beyond the sky... We suspect that you have bestowed upon them power that their kind does not deserve.
:'''Paimon:''' What are they talking about?
:'''Awanyu:''' "Perhaps there's been an error in the records. This is patently some unrelated matter from the past."

;(Approach the lone dragon sovereign shadow)
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' They say that the upstart human federation harbors [[Och-Kan|an escaped test subject]] &mdash; one of your personal projects, in fact...
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' This is all a little bit hard to believe. Your laboratory is in the heart of the Sacred City. Your little "sheep pen" is being watched over day and night by countless guards... And yet one of your flock somehow managed to escape?
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' Come! Present the evidence!

;(Approach the barrier through which 3 Secret Source Servants pass)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! These Secret Source Servants...
:'''Awanyu:''' "Heh, a redundant design built to deliver [[Iridescent Inscription]]s, which were easily accessible to begin with... Truly, a moronic display of 'Judicial Authority.'"
:'''Paimon:''' Can't you control them?
:'''Awanyu:''' "Not unable. Merely unwilling. This feels... beneath me."
:'''Awanyu:''' "We can make use of them when they pass through the barrier..."

;(Approach the barrier, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... The barrier's blocking our way!
:'''Awanyu:''' "We should find the Secret Source Servants we encountered just now. They may well be the key to passing through this place."

;(Approach another two dragon sovereign shadows)
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' A prince of our tribe &mdash; the true traitor! The very thought of it... Did you not think that delivering Phlogiston into their hands was crime enough?
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' Are you truly qualified to wield the authority to rule that Lord [[Xiuhcoatl]] bestowed upon you?

;(Follow the Secret Source Servants into the cave)
:'''Paimon:'''  Huh? What are these Secret Source Servants doing here?
:'''Awanyu:'''  "They must have been attracted to something encroaching on the dragon city... As far as I understand it..."
:'''Awanyu:'''  "Once a Secret Source Servant leaves its formation, that formation can no longer satisfy the barrier's formation requirements. It will be unable to pass through."
:'''Paimon:'''  Hey! Does that mean you could...
:'''Awanyu:'''  "I will not sully myself through association with these machines and the idiots they serve. You shall have to devise a solution yourselves."

;(Eliminate the [[Slime]]s impeding the Secret Source Servants)
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, this should finally do it!
:{{Black Screen|Formation requirements satisfied. Preparing to activate formation...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Aha! The barrier's open. Go, go, go!

;(Loop back to the main chamber)
:'''Awanyu:''' "The barrier is online. Keep raising that imbecilic repair barrier."

;(Deliver the second Coagulation Pearl)
:'''Paimon:''' This guy getting, uh, denounced... He doesn't seem to have been too well-liked.
:'''Awanyu:''' "'Very bad' would have been considered a mild endorsement in this place..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "That is simply the way things are at times. You may struggle to comprehend the mind-numbing stupidity of others even as they think you no less a fool. Similarly..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "This so-called 'denouncement' in no way represents a genuine belief that the denounced had done anything to hurt their race. They simply sought a means to... seize the authority vested in him."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Authority is power, and an obsession with power is what led to the situation you now see."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Yet they forgot that authority and power are complementary forces. Having one without the other is like dressing a beggar in the finest silks &mdash; a ridiculous charade, and nothing more."

;(Approach the Coagulation Pearl in the southern corridor)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, the "Coagulation Pearl"... Though it's stuck behind the barrier now, there must be some way to get to it...

;(Approach the dragon sovereign shadow near the lava lake)
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' Even a prince has no right to behave in this manner...
:'''Peculiar Shadow:''' We seek sacred judgment!

;(Deliver the final Coagulation Pearl)
:{{Black Screen|Energy storage medium retrieved. Continuing restoration...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? The [[Abyss]] shield over the permit has been purified!

;(Pick up the "permit")
:'''Paimon:''' So this thing... is the permit?
:'''Awanyu:''' "No... At least, not in its entirety. It is a vessel that requires activation..."
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, great, here comes another pack of Rifthounds!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, wait! Why's the golden light moving down?
:'''Awanyu:''' "It is merely a cleaning scan. Just be sure not to touch the primal flame at the top and bottom, and we will be fine."

;(After reaching the bottom of the chamber)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, this spot should be safe now, right?
:{{Black Screen|Cleaning complete...}}
:{{Black Screen|Destination... dome. Purpose... carry out final restoration...}}
<!-- black screen transition -->
:'''Paimon:''' Whew, that's a wrap &mdash; finally! Guess we've got the permit to enter that "Heart of the Sacred Mountain" or whatever now!
:'''Awanyu:''' "No. As I said before, this is merely the permit's empty shell..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "A device made from a single scale, bereft of any information concerning its owner, cannot be converted into a permit."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Otherwise, would it not have become some sort of master key, to be used by any old dragon?"
:{{DIcon}} Quickly, bring a dragon of suitable status to the stand!
:'''Paimon:''' Where are we supposed to find a dragon... Hey, wait! Does {{Little One}} count?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrrawr?
:'''Awanyu:''' "Not... at the moment, no."
:'''Paimon:''' Then what do we do?
:'''Awanyu:''' "Long ago, after the great sovereign entered the Heart of the Sacred Mountain, there were some who had the authority to, yet did not, activate this permit."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Perhaps this conspicuous specimen was placed here for that very purpose..."

;(Approach the center platform)
:;(The platform begins to rise)
:'''Awanyu:''' "Long ago, in a more prosperous age, when a flourishing community yet projected its strength beyond the boundaries of this world &mdash; an age when this place had not yet fallen into such a lamentable state..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Those whose ambition filled their hearts fixed their gaze beyond the sky itself and devoted their thoughts to expanding the limits of the known world."
:'''Awanyu:''' "But in the end, there is always a limit to power. When the Abyss swallowed the [[Dark-Winged Lord]], and the [[Celestial Nail]] reshaped the world and the laws that governed it..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "The boundaries of that race that had so coveted great power suddenly collapsed. The dreams of old became echoes in the void. Those who once soared on majestic wings now scrabble in the dirt..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Yet, even so, no race is willing to break the shackles that strength imposes and thread the path of 'minor change'... They were lost in their games of authority and power."
:'''Awanyu:''' "The world of old should have been extinguished long ago... A new beginning should have been welcomed. In a world reborn, there would be no place for such imbeciles to reside."
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrrawr?
:'''Awanyu:''' "Those incompetent fools watched on and did nothing as their king marched towards his own grave, unable even to honor their beloved master with a glorious death."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Even in such times, they placed their hopes in a king who would never again regain his faculties, praying that he would emerge once more and solve all their troubles."
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rroo...?
:'''Awanyu:''' "A race reliant on the protection of the strong, a fragile world that cannot survive without the mighty... Do any such things need to exist?"
:'''Awanyu:''' "Perhaps this world should long ago have been cleansed by the flames of rebirth, would you not agree?"
<!-- black screen transition -->
;(The platform exits the Chamber and continues to rise, until it reaches two concentric rings in the sky)
;(The camera zooms out to show the Sacred City, bathed in the golden glow of sunset)

;(Awanyu approaches an Iridescent Inscription)
:'''Awanyu:''' "There it is, the engraving light that can activate the scale. That is the permit..."
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, you can see the whole Sacred City from here!
:'''Awanyu:''' Indeed, the shadow of a glorious, unhappy past...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Wrooh... Rawrr?
:'''Awanyu:''' "You wish to know the final outcome of that trial? Haha..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Of course, those who called for sacred judgment knew that the master of all light and flame was simply feigning death, but when the true king, only occasionally clear-minded, made an appearance in the flesh..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "The Thirteen Lords and Three Princes, who before could not stop speaking, hastily withdrew their words, and the whole trial descended into farce, and was thus dissolved..."
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooo...
:'''Awanyu:''' "Later on, the Three Princes would be slain in battle against humanity, while ten of the Thirteen Lords fell when the Sacred City of Tollan collapsed, with [[Ixlel|one]] remaining in [[Chichen Uctokah]]..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "But [[Ajaw|one lord]] survives to the present day..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Though doubtless not in the form that it would have wished to maintain..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Alright. Let us continue into the Heart of the Sacred Mountain. There, all lies buried... including a yearning for the journey's end."
:'''Awanyu:''' "My duty shall soon be discharged in full... Chosen of Dragons, if only you could have seen this place in its fullest splendor, its truest beauty..."
:'''Awanyu:''' "Go, touch the flame-engraved light... Win permission to reach the Sacred Mountain's heart..."
:'''{{Little One}}:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Awanyu... Huh, gone again! Paimon was just getting used to using that name.
:'''Paimon:''' Still, the permit to enter the Heart of the Sacred Mountain is ours at last...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrroar...
:'''Paimon:''' The light on this side... It's gone...
;(Obtain {{Item|Permit to the Sacred Heart}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Once, the Sacred Seat of Judgment
|zhs      = 昔时裁决的圣座
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 昔時裁決的聖座
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = かつて裁決を下した聖座
|ja_rm    = Katsute Saiketsu wo Kudashita Seiza
|ja_tl    = Once, the Sacred Seat of Judgment
|ko       = 한때 판결을 내리던 성좌
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El antiguo trono sagrado del juicio
|es_tl    = The Ancient Sacred Throne of Judgement
|fr       = Autrefois, le siège sacré du jugement
|fr_tl    = Once, the Sacred Seat of Judgment
|ru       = Священный трон суждений былых времён
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = บัลลังก์แห่งการพิพากษา ณ ครั้งหนึ่ง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thánh Tọa Phán Quyết Cổ Xưa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der einstige heilige Sitz des Gerichts
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Takhta Sakral di Masa Lalu
|id_tl    = The Sacred Throne in the Past
|pt       = No Passado, O Assento Sagrado da Adjudicação
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bir Zamanlar Yargının Kutsal Tahtı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il fu Trono sacro del Giudizio
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}