{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19162
|image         = Hangout Event One Hearty Meal Later.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Mawtiyima Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lokapala Jungle
|subarea       = Mawtiyima Forest
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Fresh Air
|characters    = Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''One Hearty Meal Later''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the lakeside
# Talk to [[Layla]]
# Swim with Layla
# Talk to Layla
# Go to the top of the mountain
# Talk to Layla

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 3, the player is limited to use the Traveler, and Layla as a trial character only.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->|wl                      = 8
<!-- Character -->|character_name          = Layla
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Favonius Sword
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 26,471
|atk8                    = 1,492
|def8                    = 773
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 193.5%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After enjoying your meal, it's time to continue moving forward. But the destination isn't all that important &mdash; feeling carefree is the only thing that matters.}}

===One Hearty Meal Later===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon arriving to lakeside)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Wow, I never knew there was such a large lake here. It's so beautiful...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The feeling of cool lake water can wash away all your troubles.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Can you wait for a minute? I'd like to wash my face. I think it'd be refreshing.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we just go for a swim?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? A swim?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I can't remember the last time I went swimming. I might not even know how to anymore...
:{{DIcon}} That's impossible.
:{{DIcon}} It's one of those things that you never forget.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Umm, okay... I'll try to swim over there.
:{{DIcon}} Let's see who can get there first.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Wait, no, no, no. I'll definitely lose...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916202 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No, forget about winning or losing, Layla! It'll be fun either way!

;(Swim with Layla)

;(After the cutscene ended)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916203 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Wait, we're starting already!?

;(Talk to Layla)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *panting* As expected, I lost... How would I be able to beat an adventurer at something like this...?
:{{DIcon}} I think you're a great swimmer. You weren't too far behind.
:{{DIcon}} I was worried that you would drown.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Really? Hehe... Among my childhood friends, I was considered one of the more athletic ones.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But that's just like how I used to think that I had a gift for learning... After coming to Sumeru City, I realized that I only thought that because my hometown is such a small place.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' On top of that, I'm getting weaker and weaker because I'm barely able to sleep nowadays... There's no way I can bring myself to brag about anything now...
:{{DIcon}} You really are too modest.
;(Stress Value &minus;1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Please, you're always encouraging me. I'm starting to feel embarrassed.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But swimming again really feels great. Every muscle in my body was engaged. I probably wouldn't have to worry about my thesis if I turned into a fish, don't you think?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm just kidding, of course. I'm sure fish have worries of their own. I'm quite content with how things are right now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916204 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's keep going, shall we?

;(Continue to [[#From Riverbeds to Mountain Peaks|From Riverbeds to Mountain Peaks]])
{{Dialogue End}}

=== From Riverbeds to Mountain Peaks===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the top of the mountain)

;(Upon arriving to bouncy mushroom)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916205 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' There's a Mushroom here. You wanna jump on it to see what's up there?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916205 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I haven't done this in a while... I kinda wanna give it a try.

;(Upon arriving to the top of the mountain)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We've walked pretty far now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But I barely felt the time passing by.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I've been staring at books and my thesis every day... I've forgotten how nice and happy life actually can be.
:{{DIcon}} That's why I said that your life shouldn't completely revolve around your studies.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You're right. No matter how much of a hard time I'm having in academics, I should still find the time to look after myself and fulfill my needs.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You really understand more about life than I do.
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to take the opportunity to release all your stress?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Release my stress... Oh, I see what you mean. Being at the top of a mountain really does make someone want to yell out loud.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But, it's a little... uncivilized, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} It's okay. We're already here, so we should make the best of it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright, I'll give it a try. Just promise not to laugh, okay?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *inhales*
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' AAAAAAHHH!!!
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' WHAT AN AMAZING DAAAAY!!!
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It feels like my entire body is bubbling with excitement after yelling like that.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This happiness was so common as a child, but before I knew it... this feeling was buried in the bottom of my heart.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's getting late. Why don't we rest here for a while? I'll tell you some interesting astrology stuff when the stars come out.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, but it's alright if you don't want to listen to that kind of stuff. We can also tell jokes about life... or talk about anything you're interested in.
:{{DIcon}} We can chat about whatever you'd like.
:{{DIcon}} Let's save the stuff about stars for when they appear.
;(Stress Value &minus;1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay. Then... I'll tell you more about me.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The only reason I ever chose to study astrology is because of how beautiful the stars are at night, that's all.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' My teacher told me that nature possesses a certain power that grants people an equal amount of kindness and fairness, regardless of the different talents they may possess.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And that's why I wanted to call the kind person who's always helping me as the "blessing from the stars."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The stars in the sky are something that brings happiness to people.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, they truly are.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Everything about home is filled with purity and passion. My memories of that place are wonderful. I never want to forget them.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If I were to ever discard anything so pure, I don't think I'd ever be able to find a place to anchor myself in the vast sea of knowledge.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's why, no matter how tiring or how hard it gets, I won't let my family down. They are already an important part of me.
:{{DIcon}} That's another reason not to lose yourself in the face of pressure.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah. Thank goodness you were there to help me out, or I don't know where I would've ended up.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 25.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We probably still have a while until the stars come out...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916206 layla 26.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Only kids sit around like this, waiting for the stars to appear...
;(Continue to [[#Ending: A Moment of Respite|Ending: A Moment of Respite]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: A Moment of Respite===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Moment of Respite
|character       = Layla
|act             = 1
|description     = I wonder if she's exhausted, or if she's finally relaxed... Let's protect this precious moment for just a while longer.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = One Hearty Meal Later
|zhs     = 饱餐之后
|zhs_rm  = Bǎocān zhī Hòu
|zht     = 飽餐之後
|zht_rm  = Bǎocān zhī Hòu
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 満腹の後
|ja_rm   = Manpuku no Ato
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 식사가 끝난 뒤
|ko_tl   = After the Meal
|es      = Tras un gran festín
|es_tl   = After a Great Feast
|fr      = Après un bon repas
|fr_tl   = After a Good Meal
|ru      = После сытного обеда
|ru_tl   = After a Hearty Lunch
|th      = หลังมื้อแสนอร่อย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sau Khi No Nê
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Nach dem schönen Essen
|de_tl   = After the Nice Meal
|id      = Setelah Hidangan yang Lezat
|id_tl   = After a Delicious Meal
|pt      = Após uma Refeição Agradável
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Samimi Bir Yemekten Sonra
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un pasto abbondante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[vi:Sau Khi No Nê]]