{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22106
|type          = Commission
|image         = NPC Location Linling Context.png <!--basically same thing-->
|npc           = Linling
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Linling; Little Fei; Little Lulu; Little Meng; Traveler
|next          = So-Called Work
|nextNote      = If player answers incorrectly
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Answering incorrectly will give access to the commission ''[[So-Called Work]]'' which yields the ''[[Poet Vs. Paycheck]]'' achievement.
}}
'''''One Ship, Two Ships, Three Ships...''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Linling]]
# Ask [[Little Meng]], [[Little Fei]], [[Little Lulu]]
# Report back to Linling

==Gameplay Notes==
* If failing to correctly report the ship numbers to Linling, the player will receive the follow-up {{Quest|So-Called Work}}, which yields the {{Achievement|Poet Vs. Paycheck}}.
* The numbers the kids tell the player are always random and are generated on quest generation. To get the correct number of boats, add all of the numbers they say.
** For example: if the first says 1 came, the second says 2 left, and the third says 4 came, that is <math>1 - 2 + 4 = 3</math> came
* Rewards are not affected by the player answering correctly or incorrectly.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Linling forgot to count the number of ships docked at the port yesterday, and it's been troubling her...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Linling)
:'''Linling:''' Shoot, I can't remember... Two &mdash; no, four, plus... seven...? Nope, that wasn't it...
:'''Linling:''' Ugh! This is such a waste of my time!
:{{DIcon}} What are you counting?
:'''Linling:''' I'm totaling up the number of boats that came into and went out of the docks yesterday... If I get the wrong figures again I'll never hear the end of it!
:'''Linling:''' I was so busy writing poetry yesterday that I totally forgot about it... and now I'm rushing to get this done at the last minute.
:'''Linling:''' I hate doing this. How do they expect me to keep track when there's an endless stream of ships going in and out of the docks all day long? For each one I note down there's another that I miss.
:'''Linling:''' And 'cause I have to count all these boats, then check and double-check the numbers, I now have no time to work on my poetry... It is really ruining my day!
:'''Linling:''' ...I know! Maybe you can help me count up yesterday's boats? I need to know how many came in and how many went out.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Linling:''' Yay! Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} As long as it's ten or under...
::'''Linling:''' Oh please! You have toes, don't you? Anything up to and including twenty and you have no grounds to complain!
::'''Linling:''' I know I can count on you!
:'''Linling:''' ...I was supposed to have a colleague helping, but...
:'''Linling:''' Ooh, ooh, I have an idea! There's these three kids who I always see playing down by the docks.
:'''Linling:''' I bet you they'll remember how many boats came and went yesterday...
:'''Linling:''' That said, they are only kids. So to be on the safe side, you should ask all three of them and check their stories match.
:'''Linling:''' Well then, I will leave you to interrogate the minors and report back to me when you're done. Over and out.

===Talk to Little Lulu===
;(If Little Lulu saw no boats leave/enter)
:'''Little Lulu:''' Hello! Have you come to play with us?
:'''Little Lulu:''' ...You're not here to play games, are you?
:{{DIcon}} I'm here about what you saw yesterday...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Yesterday? {{Color|buzzword|No boats came in or went out yesterday morning}}, so the men who work at the docks had nothing to do.
:'''Little Lulu:''' But they still didn't go home. They just kept waiting at the docks all day long.
:'''Little Lulu:''' I don't get it. If they didn't have any work, why didn't they just go home? It's so weird...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Will you remember? ...You know what, let me {{Color|buzzword|write that down}} for you.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Isn't my handwriting really good? Here you go &mdash; and make sure you don't lose it!
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Lulu}})

;(If Little Lulu saw 1 boat enter)
:'''Little Lulu:''' What are we gonna play today...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Hello! What are you doing?
:{{DIcon}} Cast your mind back to yesterday...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Yesterday? Hmm... I only remember {{Color|buzzword|one big boat came in yesterday morning}}.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Fei said it was definitely a [[Millelith]] boat and Meng thought it might be a cargo boat.
:'''Little Lulu:''' But I think it looked so amazing it must have been a [[Liyue Qixing]] boat.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Will you remember? ...You know what, let me {{Color|buzzword|write that down}} for you.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Isn't my handwriting really good? Here you go &mdash; and make sure you don't lose it!
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Lulu}})

;(If Little Lulu saw 2 boats enter)
:'''Little Lulu:''' Boys are so dumb...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Oh, hi! What're you up to?
:{{DIcon}} I'm just here to ask a few questions...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Erm... I can't remember. Wait... I think {{Color|buzzword|two boats came in yesterday morning}}.
:'''Little Lulu:''' They were only small boats and they didn't look like most of the ones in the city...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Will you remember? ...You know what, let me {{Color|buzzword|write that down}} for you.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Isn't my handwriting really good? Here you go &mdash; and make sure you don't lose it!
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Lulu}})

;(Talk to Little Lulu again)
:'''Little Lulu:''' You don't remember? But I wrote it on a Note for you. Don't you even remember that?

===Talk to Little Meng===
;(If Little Meng saw no boats leave/enter)
:'''Little Meng:''' I can't wait till I'm a grown up...
:'''Little Meng:''' Oh hi. You need something?
:{{DIcon}} I need to know what you witnessed yesterday...
:'''Little Meng:''' The boats? If I remember right, {{Color|buzzword|no boats came in or went out yesterday evening}}.
:'''Little Meng:''' And I have a good memory. I know what I saw.
:'''Little Meng:''' Here, take this {{Color|buzzword|Note}}. Consider it my written testimony. Don't lose it now!
:'''Little Meng:''' Just like my daddy always says, a word in the head is worth two in the brush! Wait... no, that's not it...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Meng}})

;(If Little Meng saw 1 boat leave)
:'''Little Meng:''' When I grow up, I wanna travel the whole world...
:'''Little Meng:''' Oh, hello. What're you doing here?
:{{DIcon}} I need to know what you saw yesterday...
:'''Little Meng:''' Yesterday... Uh... I'm sorry, I just remember {{Color|buzzword|1 boat went out yesterday evening}}.
:'''Little Meng:''' Yesterday morning I went to go pick some Lotus Heads for Lulu and Fei.
:'''Little Meng:''' But I lost track of time and it was already evening when I got back...
:'''Little Meng:''' I don't think it was a waste though. 'Cause Lulu and Fei got to eat Lotus Heads, didn't they?
:'''Little Meng:''' Here, take this {{Color|buzzword|Note}}. Consider it my written testimony. Don't lose it now!
:'''Little Meng:''' Just like my daddy always says, a word in the head is worth two in the brush! Wait... no, that's not it...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Meng}})

;(If Little Meng saw 3 boats enter)
:'''Little Meng:''' I wish there was a way I could grow up faster...
:'''Little Meng:''' Hello! What are you doing today?
:{{DIcon}} Counting boats. About that...
:'''Little Meng:''' Hmm, lemme think... I just remember {{Color|buzzword|3 boats came in yesterday evening}}.
:'''Little Meng:''' The boats had really bright lights on, and there were loads of people at the dock. I think they were all waiting for those boats.
:'''Little Meng:''' Lulu and Fei went home, but I stayed to watch those boats for ages.
:'''Little Meng:''' If you could get on a boat like that... Surely you could go anywhere you wanted to...
:'''Little Meng:''' Here, take this {{Color|buzzword|Note}}. Consider it my written testimony. Don't lose it now!
:'''Little Meng:''' Just like my daddy always says, a word in the head is worth two in the brush! Wait... no, that's not it...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Meng}})

;(Talk to Little Meng again)
:'''Little Meng:''' You've forgotten already? But I gave you my written testimony, it was on that Note... Read it &mdash; that's what it's for!

===Talk to Little Fei===
;(If Little Fei saw 3 boats enter)
:'''Little Fei:''' Hmmph, when will it be my turn...
:'''Little Fei:''' Oh. Hi. Are you looking for me?
:{{DIcon}} Boats. Yesterday. What can you tell me?
:'''Little Fei:''' I don't really remember. No wait... I did notice {{Color|buzzword|3 boats came in yesterday at noon}}.
:'''Little Fei:''' And then loads of people went over to unload all the stuff... The sailors made us get out of the way.
:'''Little Fei:''' That's all I remember. ...Oh, go on then, I'll {{Color|buzzword|put it in writing}} for you.
:'''Little Fei:''' But don't blame me if something goes wrong. My memory is not so good...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Fei}})

;(If Little Fei saw 2 boats enter)
:'''Little Fei:''' What're we playing today?
:'''Little Fei:''' Oh hi. What's up?
:{{DIcon}} Sir, I just have a few questions...
:'''Little Fei:''' {{Color|buzzword|Two boats came in yesterday at lunchtime}}.
:'''Little Fei:''' They were both going really fast. I bet it was an emergency delivery.
:'''Little Fei:''' That's all I remember. ...Oh, go on then, I'll {{Color|buzzword|put it in writing}} for you.
:'''Little Fei:''' But don't blame me if something goes wrong. My memory is not so good...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Fei}})

;(If Little Fei saw 1 boat leave)
:'''Little Fei:''' I'm never gonna get to be the captain...
:'''Little Fei:''' Hi! Are you looking for me?
:{{DIcon}} How well do you remember yesterday...
:'''Little Fei:''' Erm, I wasn't really paying attention. I just remember that {{Color|buzzword|one big boat went out yesterday at noon}}.
:'''Little Fei:''' You wanna know why I only remember what happened at noon?
:'''Little Fei:''' Meng and Lulu went to buy [[Lotus Head]]s yesterday at noon. I stayed here on my own to guard our spot.
:'''Little Fei:''' Of course I had to guard our spot. Otherwise someone might steal it!
:'''Little Fei:''' What's wrong? You look confused.
:'''Little Fei:''' That's all I remember. ...Oh, go on then, I'll {{Color|buzzword|put it in writing}} for you.
:'''Little Fei:''' But don't blame me if something goes wrong. My memory is not so good...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A log of ships coming in and out by Little Fei}})

;(Talk to Little Fei again)
:'''Little Fei:''' Everything I remember is written on that Note I gave you. If you don't remember, read it!

===Conclusion===
;(Return to Linling)
:'''Linling:''' Did you interrogate the minors?
:{{DIcon}} Sure did.
:'''Linling:''' Great. So? What are the figures?
;(Only three of the following choices are given<nowiki>:</nowiki> one correct number, one incorrect number, and "I can't remember...")
:{{DIcon}} 1 boat entered.
:{{DIcon}} 2 boats entered.
:{{DIcon}} 3 boats entered.
:{{DIcon}} 4 boats entered.
:{{DIcon}} 5 boats entered.
:{{DIcon}} Six boats entered.
:{{DIcon}} 7 boats entered.
:{{DIcon}} 8 boats entered.
:{{DIcon}} The same number of boats came into and went out of the docks.
:{{DIcon}} 1 boat left.
:{{DIcon}} 2 boats left.
:;(If correct)
::'''Linling:''' (Number) boat(s) (entered/left) the docks? Hmm... Y'know what, I think that sounds about right!
:;(If incorrect)
::'''Linling:''' (Number) boat(s) (entered/left) the docks? Hmm... That doesn't sound right.
::'''Linling:''' Never mind, it's close enough I guess. Here's your compensation.
:{{DIcon}} The same number of boats came into and went out of the docks.
:;(If correct)
::'''Linling:''' The same number went in and out? ...Ah yes, now I remember! That seems to be the case.
:;(If incorrect)
::'''Linling:''' The same number of boats came into and went out of the docks? ...Really?
::'''Linling:''' But that sounds like the sort of situation I would remember...
::'''Linling:''' Well, I'll take your word for it. You wouldn't lie to me, right? Here's your compensation.
:{{DIcon}} I can't remember...
::'''Linling:''' Come on, think! I need you to remember... They're gonna fine me again for sure if I get the numbers wrong...
::'''Linling:''' I can't afford to lose this job... I don't know what I would do...
::'''Linling:''' Please, rack your brains! You absolutely have to remember!
::'''Paimon:''' Didn't those kids each write a {{Color|buzzword|Note}} about the boats they saw?
::'''Paimon:''' If you're in a forgetful mood, just get the {{Color|buzzword|Notes}} out and have another look through them.
:;(Exits dialogue)
----
;(If correct)
:'''Linling:''' Thanks so much! Here's a little something for your trouble, detective!
:'''Linling:''' Right. Now that's sorted, it's time to get back to my magnum opus...
;(If incorrect)
:'''Linling:''' At least now I can get back to working on my magnum opus...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The Chinese name of this commission is a reference to a 1980s children educational song in China, {{zh|数鸭歌|rm=shù yā gē|tl=Counting Duck Song.}} The lyrics start with {{zh|「门前大桥下，游过一群鸭，快来快来数一数，二四六七八」|tl=Under the bridge, a raft of ducks swim past. Quickly come and count; two, four, six, seven, eight.}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/-UBjHJ5iI7Y
|caption1 = ''[[Poet Vs. Paycheck]]'' Achievement Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = One Ship, Two Ships, Three Ships...
|zhs     = 港口驶过几艘船，二四六七八
|zhs_rm  = Gǎngkǒu Shǐguò Jǐ Sōu Chuán, Èrsìliùqībā
|zht     = 港口駛過幾艘船，二四六七八
|zht_rm  = Gǎngkǒu Shǐguò Jǐ Sāo Chuán, Èrsìliùqībā
|zh_tl   = Several Ships Sail Past The Port; Two, Four, Six, Seven, Eight
|ja      = 港の船
|ja_rm   = Minato no Fune
|ja_tl   = Ships of Harbor
|ko      = 항구를 지나가는 배가… 24678
|ko_tl   = The Ships Passing the Harbor is... 24678
|es      = Un barco, dos barcos, tres barcos...
|es_tl   = One Boat, Two Boats, Three Boats...
|fr      = Un navire, puis deux, puis trois...
|fr_tl   = One Ship, Then Two, Then Three...
|ru      = Один корабль, два, три...
|ru_tl   = One Ship, Two, Three...
|th      = มีเรือกี่ลำแล่นผ่านท่าเรือ ..2..4..6..7..8 ลำ?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = How Many Ships Sail Past the Harbor ..2..4..6..7..8 Ships?
|vi      = Có vài con thuyền đi qua cảng, hai bốn sáu bảy tám
|vi_tl   = Several Ships Sail Past The Port; Two, Four, Six, Seven, Eight
|de      = Ein Schiffchen, zwei Schiffchen&nbsp;...
|de_tl   = One Little Ship, Two Little Ships...
|id      = Satu Kapal, Dua Kapal, Tiga Kapal...
|id_tl   = One Ship, Two Ships, Three Ships...
|pt      = Um barco, dois barcos, três barcos...
|pt_tl   = One Boat, Two Boats, Three Boats...
|tr      = Bir Gemi, İki Gemi, Üç Gemi...
|tr_tl   = One Ship, Two Ships, Three Ships...
|it      = Una nave, due navi, tre navi...
|it_tl   = One Ship, Two Ships, Three Ships...
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}

[[es:Un barco, dos barcos, tres barcos...]]
[[ja:港の船]]
[[ru:Один корабль, два, три...]]