{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40911
|image         = NPC Location Timaeus Context.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|event_name    = Elemental Crucible
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
* Complete {{Quest|For a Tomorrow Without Tears|showType=0}}
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Adventurer's Experience*15
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[Elemental Crucible]] Event
|characters    = Timaeus; Traveler
}}
'''''One Giant Step for Alchemy?''''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[Elemental Crucible]] event.

==Steps==
#Meet [[Timaeus]] in [[City of Mondstadt]]
#Go to the [[Thousand Winds Temple]]
#Talk to Timaeus

==Gameplay Notes==
<!-- Any notes about the quests that do not pertain to the steps themselves. -->
* After completing this quest, the player can freely participate in the Co-Op event [[Elemental Crucible]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In an effort to hone his alchemical skills, Timaeus has designed an all-new alchemical furnace. There's just one problem &mdash; he needs some help to get it working...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to Timaeus)
:'''Timaeus:''' ...Traveler! Hi! Hold up a second...
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:'''Timaeus:''' Okay, so... I'm sorry about this, but... there's something I really need your help with.
:'''Timaeus:''' As you know, I've never made much progress in my alchemical studies...
:'''Timaeus:''' Well, I've realized that I can't keep trying the same things over and over again. Clearly, that approach is getting me nowhere.
:'''Timaeus:''' So, I decided I'd change focus. Take a fresh approach. Attempt something that's not been done before...
:{{DIcon}} You're switching to bio-alchemy?
::'''Timaeus:''' There's nothing particularly new about bio-alchemy. There are already people researching that.
:{{DIcon}} You're going back to the origins of the art?
::'''Timaeus:''' You mean study the alchemical arts of the ancients? No, that's not something I'd be able to get involved in...
:'''Timaeus:''' Do you know what the most important factor in alchemy is? It's the elements.
:'''Timaeus:''' For a number of reasons, alchemy is mostly performed using items infused with elemental energy, rather than pure elemental energy itself.
:'''Timaeus:''' Naturally, this introduces impurities into the transmutation process, making the elemental reactions less effective...
:'''Timaeus:''' To compensate, we must use larger quantities of elemental materials. Even then, we still need to be very hands-on during the transmutation process, as the impurities can easily ruin the outcome.
:'''Timaeus:''' Unfortunately, this all creates extra costs for those who wish to perform alchemy without using Visions.
:'''Timaeus:''' The biggest issue is that items infused with elemental energy do not come cheap.
:'''Timaeus:''' The bill for the average transmutation is more astonishing than the fruits of our labor...
:'''Timaeus:''' *sigh* Maybe this is why I've never made any tangible progress. The barrier to entry is just too high...
:{{DIcon}} I don't have a Vision, either.
::'''Timaeus:''' True... But I hear you can still manipulate elemental energy, correct?
:{{DIcon}} So, what do you need me to do?
::'''Timaeus:''' I've heard you can manipulate elemental energy even though you don't have a Vision. Is that right?
:'''Timaeus:''' Here's the thing: I've come up with a new kind of alchemical furnace which I call the {{color|buzzword|Elemental Crucible}}. The idea behind it is...
:'''Timaeus:''' Well, basically, it's a vessel that can hold pure elemental energy and generate elemental reactions.
:'''Timaeus:''' With any luck, the Elemental Crucible will be the thing that takes my alchemical skills to the next level...
:'''Timaeus:''' Everything is set up and ready to go. All I'm missing now is someone with the ability to actually move the pure elemental energy around.
:'''Timaeus:''' If you're willing to help out, please meet me at the {{color|buzzword|Thousand Winds Temple}}. That's where I had some people set everything up.
:'''Timaeus:''' I really hope this will be my big breakthrough in alchemy...
----
;(Talking to Timaeus in the Thousand Winds Temple)
:'''Timaeus:''' There you are. So, here it is &mdash; the {{color|buzzword|Elemental Crucible}}.
:'''Timaeus:''' Let's fire it up and see if it works.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = One Giant Step for Alchemy?
|zhs     = 炼金术，大突破？
|zhs_rm  = Liànjīn-shù, Dà Túpò?
|zht     = 煉金術，大突破？
|zht_rm  = Liànjīn-shù, Dà Túpò?
|zh_tl   = Alchemy, Great Breakthrough?
|ja      = 錬金術、大突破？
|ja_rm   = Renkinjutsu, Daitoppa?
|ja_tl   = Alchemy, Great Breakthrough?
|ko      = 연금술의 거대한 돌파구?
|ko_rm   = Yeongeumsul-ui Geodaehan Dolpagu?
|ko_tl   = A Great Breakthrough for Alchemy?
|es      = ¿Un gran paso para la alquimia?
|es_tl   = A Great Step for Alchemy?
|fr      = Un pas de géant pour l'alchimie
|fr_tl   = One Giant Step for Alchemy
|ru      = Большой шаг для алхимии?
|ru_tl   = A Big Step for Alchemy?
|th      = ก้าวอันยิ่งใหญ่ของการเล่นแร่แปรธาตุ?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thuật Giả Kim, đột phá lớn?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein großer Schritt für die Alchimie?
|de_tl   = One Giant Step for Alchemy?
|id      = Sebuah Langkah Besar Alkimia?
|id_tl   = One Giant Alchemy Step?
|pt      = Um Grande Passo para Alquimia?
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:¿Un gran paso para la alquimia?]]
[[ja:錬金術、大突破？]]
[[ru:Большой шаг для алхимии?]]