{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20520
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Only Half-Frozen.png
|npc           = Tommy
|startLocation = [[Entombed City - Ancient Palace]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|subarea       = Entombed City - Ancient Palace
|characters    = Paimon; Tommy; Traveler
|otherRewards  = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Only Half-Frozen''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Entombed City - Ancient Palace]], [[Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
#Talk to [[Tommy]]
#''After choosing one of two options''
#*Help Tommy find a source of heat
#**Follow the quest-guide to a [[Warming Seelie]].
#**Follow the Seelie back to Tommy.
#*Make Tommy a serving of {{Item|Delicious Radish Veggie Soup}}
#**Give the serving of Delicious Radish Veggie Soup to Tommy
#Talk to Tommy
#Look for {{Item|Chilled Meat (Quest Item)|text=Chilled Meat}}
#Give the Chilled Meat to Tommy

==Gameplay Notes==
* This Commission requires the quest item version of Chilled Meat instead of the ingredient.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Despite being well on the way towards freezing to death, [[Tommy]] the adventurer is concerned about one thing only: his incomplete commission...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Tommy)
:'''Tommy:''' T&mdash;Traveler... Could... could you h&mdash;help me...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's wrong with you...
:'''Tommy:''' P&mdash;Please... I&mdash;I need some warmth... It's... t&mdash;too cold...
:'''Tommy:''' O&mdash;Or maybe... s&mdash;some hot food might also be g&mdash;good.
:'''Tommy:''' P&mdash;Please... I'm just... too c&mdash;cold...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I can help you find a heat source.
::'''Tommy:''' That's good... That's good. P&mdash;Please, hurry... I&mdash;I feel like I might freeze at any m&mdash;moment now...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'll make you a hot meal.
::'''Tommy:''' That... also works. P&mdash;Please, hurry... I&mdash;I feel like I might freeze any m&mdash;moment now...

;(After choosing to find a heat source)
:'''Paimon:''' Heat source... Paimon remembers that there are red Seelie on this mountain.
:'''Paimon:''' Getting close to them makes you feel all nice and warm...
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe we can bring a Seelie to help warm this guy up.

;(Talk to Tommy again before completing the objective)
:;(If you chose to find a heat source)
:'''Tommy:''' H&mdash;Have you... found a heat source yet? I d&mdash;don't think I can... t&mdash;take much more...
:;(If you chose to make a hot meal)
:'''Tommy:''' H&mdash;Have you... finished making that dish yet? I d&mdash;don't think I can... t&mdash;take much more...
----
;(Talk to Tommy after completing the objective)
:;(If you chose to find a heat source)
:'''Tommy:''' Phew... Much better. Thank you, Traveler.
:;(If you chose to make a hot meal)
:'''Tommy:''' This warmth... I&mdash;It must be... R&mdash;Radish Veggie Soup!
:'''Tommy:''' P&mdash;Please... Give me a taste...
:;(Opens food submission menu)
----
;(Talk to Tommy after he has been warmed up)
:'''Tommy:''' Phew... Much better. Thank you, Traveler.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What brings you to this place?
:'''Tommy:''' *sigh* A commission, what else? I've been at the camp all this time because of a rather... tricky commission.
:'''Tommy:''' But I didn't want to stay there forever, so I was looking for something else to do...
:'''Tommy:''' The chef, [[Harris]], was looking for someone to find some Chilled Meat up the mountain.
:'''Tommy:''' He said that I just needed to find some small frozen boar, and that there was no need to go too far up the mountain, so there'd be no danger at all...
:'''Tommy:''' I thought it sounded straightforward enough, so I accepted the commission.
:'''Tommy:''' I'd been preparing myself, too &mdash; training myself slowly, acclimatizing myself to [[Dragonspine]]'s environment...
:'''Tommy:''' ...All so that I might finish the commission given to me by that alchemist lady.
:'''Tommy:''' But I didn't expect that I'd lose my way not long after I started my ascent, and nearly get frozen in the process. I was lucky to have met you...
:'''Tommy:''' My only regret is that... I couldn't complete my commission...
:'''Tommy:''' Traveler... you seem to know this mountain well. Could I trouble you to do me a favor?
:'''Tommy:''' I just need you to find me one serving of [[Chilled Meat (Quest Item)|Chilled Meat]]. Just one is fine &mdash; that is all I need to complete my commission.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I've got your back.
:'''Tommy:''' Thanks. In that case, let me mark the locations where Harris mentioned we might find small frozen boars on your map.
:'''Tommy:''' I'll head down to the camp at the base of the mountain and await your good news there.

;(Talk to Tommy again before obtaining Chilled Meat)
:'''Tommy:''' So much effort for a chunk of Chilled Meat... Why could he possibly need it so badly?
----
;(After reaching the marked location)
:'''Paimon:''' This must be one of those small frozen boars. Let's thaw it out, shall we?
:;(Thaw and kill the frozen boar)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Chilled Meat (Quest Item)|text=Chilled Meat}})
----
;(Talk to Tommy after obtaining Chilled Meat)
:'''Tommy:''' Have you found any Chilled Meat?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Got it right here.
:'''Tommy:''' Great! So, this is Chilled Meat? Honestly, I don't really see the difference, besides the fact that it's cold to the touch...
:'''Tommy:''' Well, so long as the commission's complete...
:'''Tommy:''' Thanks, Traveler. I'd have been in a bad way if it hadn't been for you.
:'''Tommy:''' Here, you must take this as compensation.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Only Half-Frozen
|zhs     = 中度冰寒
|zhs_rm  = Zhōngdù Bīnghán
|zht     = 中度冰寒
|zht_rm  = Zhōngdù Bīnghán
|zh_tl   = Medium-Level Ice and Cold
|ja      = 寒さ指数・中
|ja_rm   = Samusa Shisuu - Chuu
|ja_tl   = Coldness Index - In Process
|ko      = 추위 지수・중
|ko_tl   = Cold Degree - Middle
|es      = A medio congelar
|es_tl   = Half Frozen
|fr      = À moitié congelé
|fr_tl   = Half Frozen
|ru      = Полумороженое мясо
|ru_tl   = Half-Frozen Meat
|th      = ความเหน็บหนาวที่ถาโถม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Cold That Rushes In
|vi      = Băng Giá Vừa Đủ
|vi_tl   = Just Being Frozen Enough
|de      = Nur Halb Gefroren
|de_tl   = Only Half-Frozen
|id      = Hampir Membeku
|id_tl   = Almost Being Frozen
|pt      = Apenas meio gelado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kısmen Donmuş
|tr_tl   = Partially Frozen
|it      = Mezzo congelato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:A medio congelar]]
[[fr:À moitié congelé]]
[[ja:寒さ指数・中]]
[[pt-br:Apenas meio gelado]]