{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Sayu
|actNum        = I
|act           = Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu
|startLocation = [[Chinju Forest]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Chinju Forest
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Give It Up!
|characters    = Kano Nana; Sayu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Operation Substitution''' is a quest in [[Sayu]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu]].

==Steps==
# Go to the ninjutsu training ground
# Pass through the obstacles and reach the goal as quickly as possible
#* Avoid the obstacles and reach the goal within the time limit (90s)
# Talk to Sayu
# Go to the live combat training ground
# Defeat the slimes
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Large Pyro Slime;Hydro Slime*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Large Electro Slime;Cryo Slime*2}}
#*The rest of the party will be disabled during the fight. Only Sayu is available as a trial character.
# Talk to Sayu
# Follow Sayu to her resting spot

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 8
|character_name          = Sayu
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Favonius Greatsword
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11
|hp8                     = 25,025
|atk8                    = 1,536
|def8                    = 872
|em8                     = 201
|er8                     = 193.5%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* Receiving Sayu's rating of being "a strong, fast mujina" during the agility training grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[Mujina-Class Ninja]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|So Sayu wanted you to learn ninjutsu so that you could replace her at work...}}
===Twinjutsu===
{{StubDialogue|What's the hidden time limit for different Sayu's dialogue after the time limit challenge...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'll show you my favorite skill to practice. Basically, it's an escape technique &mdash; I use it to make a quick getaway whenever the shrine maiden's after me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' *sigh* Alright, Sayu, just leave the explanation to me. This is a technique to help ninja train their agility.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 02.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' When the unpredictable happens during a mission, ninja must be capable of traversing a variety of terrains.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 03.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' During our training, we often set up obstacles on both sides of this stream and have Sayu make her way up the course.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I often slipped when I was little and either found myself falling face-first into the mud or getting battered as I tumbled down.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So don't underestimate this little course of ours, it's not as easy as you think.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 04.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Sayu may be exaggerating a little. With your adventuring experience, I'm sure you'll do fine.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, go ahead and give it a try, I'll guide you through it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 05.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Nice try, Sayu. You'll run the course first. Quickly, now.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Aw...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 06a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 06b.ogg}}--> '''Kano Nana:''' Come now, no stalling. Give the Traveler a proper demonstration.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Alright, alright. Leave it to me.

:'''''Sayu agilely comes upstream and reaches the destination.'''''

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 07.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Although Sayu doesn't usually exert her best effort, she does have strong ninja fundamentals.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 08.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Do your best. I'll be waiting at the finish, (Traveler).
----
;(If time runs out)
:'''''You could not complete the training within the time limit...'''''
:;(Return to the previous step)

;(If you're out of the track)
:'''''You left the training area, thus failing the training.'''''
:;(Return to the previous step)

;(Redo the challenge)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901501 kanonana 08.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Do your best. I'll be waiting at the finish, (Traveler).
----
;(After finishing the training)
:;(If you finished it within a short time)<!--What is the hidden time limit for this dialogue?-->
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Wow, impressive. You've really got some talent.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If I were to rate your performance, I'd say you're like... a strong, fast mujina.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Anyway, nicely done. I was *yawn* ...rooting for you.

:;(If you finished it within a medium amount of time)<!--What is the hidden time limit for this dialogue?-->
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You're still a way off from my personal record, but don't worry, just keep it up.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If I were to rate your performance, I'd say you're like... an average, everyday kitsune.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' A kitsune is pretty good, you know...

:;(If you finished it within a long time)<!--What is the hidden time limit for this dialogue?-->
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ouch, that was... a little unfortunate.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If I were to rate your performance, I'd say you're like... a slow, arthritic turtle.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But don't let that bother you, more practice is all you need.

:{{DIcon}} Why are you talking so different all of a sudden?
:{{DIcon}} You're still Sayu... aren't you?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hehe, don't mind me, I just happened to remember the words of my sensei.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' After each training session, sensei would give me a score and encourage me based on my results.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' I'm surprised you remember your sensei's words so clearly, Sayu, hehe. But don't you think your sensei would disapprove of you copying their words?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hehe, no way! Sensei wouldn't be mad at all.
:{{DIcon}} Where is your sensei now? Have they already left these lands?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yep, Sensei said there were some important matters to attend to.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sensei told me that they hoped I would become a responsible ninja while they are away. You know, the kind of ninja everyone can trust.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 kanonana 02.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' You remember your Sensei's words, but you sure don't seem to act on them, skipping work all the time...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hey, I work hard... when I'm not sleepy. It's just that this season is perfect for napping, I really can't help it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 kanonana 03.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' *sigh* The problem is that to you, every season is perfect for napping.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 kanonana 04.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Anyway, you've certainly handled the training well so far. The next exercise is live-combat training. Let's go, shall we?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 kanonana 05.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Considering that you have yet to grasp the art of ninjutsu, we'll let Sayu demonstrate in combat first. And this will be a prime opportunity for you to see her ninjutsu first hand.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sure thing, just leave it to me. Let my example illuminate your path to ninjutsu.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 kanonana 06.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' *sigh* There you go again, Sayu. You know, imitating what other people say is a poor habit.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901503 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' S&mdash;Sorry...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Live Combat Observation===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901504 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Here we are. Now, please carefully observe Sayu's skills in combat.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901504 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'll do my best to make my ninjutsu a little easier to understand.
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew, I'm tired.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' At least I didn't get my outfit dirty... *yawn*
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So, did you pay close attention to my ninjutsu?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Here, I'll teach you. First you stretch your upper body a bit, do a little wiggle... And then turn yourself into a ball, like this...
:{{DIcon}} Hold on.
:{{DIcon}} No need to rush.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? What's the matter? You don't want to transform into a ball?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Don't worry, you might feel a little dizzy at first, but you'll get used to it.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think this technique is as easy as it looks...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I thought you'd be able to catch on after seeing a quick demonstration.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn* Anyway, I'm beat and need a good nap now. Hopefully I won't need to demonstrate that again.
:{{DIcon}} But didn't you say that you would show me the path to ninjutsu?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh yeah, that was my sensei's teaching... Very strong and patient... which is a little too much work for me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm really starting to wonder what kind of person your sensei was.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Strong, responsible, and kind. Sensei never pushed me to do more work.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Actually, after hearing myself say that, I suppose Sensei was a lot like you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Although you don't know ninjutsu like Sensei did, your other qualities are enough to make you my sensei.
:{{DIcon}} Your sensei was also a ninja? Did they go by a special name?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sure, Sensei's name was... Uh, what was it now...? Huh, I guess I never asked, I just called them "sensei."
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I think Sensei was a ninja. Actually, Sensei never really mentioned it...
:{{DIcon}} Okay... Well, how about some other qualities like their height?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sensei's height... Hmm, they were taller than me. As for other qualities...
:{{DIcon}} It seems there was a lot you didn't know about your sensei.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sometimes it's hard to tell from just appearances... But these details don't matter to me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Alright, that's enough idle chatter for now. If Sayu's sensei ever returns, I'm sure you'll have the chance to meet.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 kanonana 02.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' As for our next exercise...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh wait, I'm not quite up to it yet... I need to take a break first.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' We agreed on a break after every two exercises, didn't we? Remember, to keep training from being too forceful...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 kanonana 03.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Fine. Even if I did push you, I suppose you would end up napping on the field anyway.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 kanonana 04.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Go, have a rest. I shall wait for you here. Remember, no running off.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 20.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Got it. Come with me, (Traveler). I'll take you to a nice place to relax a bit.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901506 sayu 21.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew. Finally, time for a break!

;(Talk to Kano Nana again)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901505 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' You may go have a break with Sayu. It's important to recover your stamina and stay hydrated.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Break Time!===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Just as I thought, exactly the same as before...
:{{DIcon}} What is the rope there used for?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sensei knew that I was concerned about my height, so before leaving, Sensei measured my height and used the rope to mark it on the tree over there.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' "Nothing is more satisfying than growing." At least, that's what Sensei told me...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But even after all this time, not only have I yet to outgrow the rope... I think the rope is getting higher with the tree.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sigh* Maybe it's because I'm not sleeping enough.
:{{DIcon}} It's normal for trees to grow taller than people.
:{{DIcon}} Trees should be taller than people.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think a tree of this height will grow any taller.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I get it, and that's exactly what I told Sensei at the time.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But Sensei only laughed, though they didn't scold me at all... I guess Sensei had their own way of looking at things.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I really couldn't tell what Sensei was thinking in moments like that. Do you have any idea what Sensei might have meant?
:{{DIcon}} I think I have an idea, but it is just a guess.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' That's okay, just say it. Either way, I'm sure you understand more than me.
:{{DIcon}} All trees will grow sooner or later.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Grow...
:{{DIcon}} All trees will bloom sooner or later.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Bloom...
:{{DIcon}} All trees will cast shade over someone they can protect sooner or later.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Shade...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, I think I understand now.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I love to take naps under a tree, or hide in the shade, or eat some of its fruit. This is how the tree provides for me.
:{{DIcon}} I believe Sensei hoped that one day you would provide for someone in the same way.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I see...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Okay, just wait here. Don't worry, I'll be right back.

:'''''Sayu swiftly fetches a pile of fruit and returns.'''''

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' These fruits are for you.
:{{DIcon}} I think you're taking this a little too literally.
:{{DIcon}} Seems you haven't grasped the deeper meaning at all.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, no. I get it now! Uh, how should I put it...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sometimes I think that the Shuumatsuban is more trouble than it's worth. Everyone's trying to keep me from getting enough sleep and growing taller... Sometimes I wonder why I even bother sticking around with them.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 20.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But every time I think about it, I can't help but remember Sensei's smile, and then I think of this tree, and my Vision.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 21.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Someday, this tree will also be shelter for a kitsune, or some other animal. In the same way, someday, after I've grown nice and tall, I'll be protecting someone with my ninjutsu.
:{{DIcon}} Which is exactly why you should take your work more seriously.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 22.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I know...*sigh* Sorry. I guess I was hoping that I'd grow faster, and then I could work hard. But it seems that I've already spent too much time trying to grow...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 23.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' "If I gave up my dreams of growing tall, could I still fulfill everyone's hopes?" I've always avoided asking myself this question, it just makes me feel a little nervous... And I've yet to find an answer.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 24.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I still don't know what to do. *sigh* I don't even know what I actually can do... But, I thought that at least I can give you some fruit to eat, hehe.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 25.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You remind me of Sensei &mdash; you're kind and can even understand what Sensei was thinking.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 26.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So I thought I should at least show a little bit of enthusiasm.
:{{DIcon}} You can call me "Sensei" if you like.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 27.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? But wasn't I the one teaching you ninjutsu just now?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 28.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Although, I'm sure you know a lot more about life than me... So I guess you could still count as my teacher in that regard.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we just relax for now. We're supposed to be taking a break, remember?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 29.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh yeah, you're right. Hehe, I was getting a little carried away.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 30.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Why don't we go practice a little more ninjutsu after our break is up? Today is one of those rare days when I feel super motivated!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901507 sayu 31.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But never mind that for now, we've got lots of fruit to eat. C'mon, take whichever you like, hehe.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: With the Trees===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = With the Trees
|character       = Sayu
|act             = 1
|description     = You can somewhat understand her feelings. Someday, she will be able to live up to all the expectations on her...
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Operation Substitution
|zhs     = 替身计划
|zhs_rm  = Tìshēn Jìhuà
|zht     = 替身計畫
|zht_rm  = Tìshēn Jìhuà
|zh_tl   = Subtitution Plan
|ja      = 変わり身計画
|ja_rm   = Kawarimi Keikaku
|ja_tl   = Body Substitution Plan
|ja_note = {{ja|変わり身|Kawarimi}} is likely a reference to the fictional ninja technique {{Lang|{{w|ja:忍法#錯覚を起こさせる術|Kawarimi no Jutsu}}|ja=変わり身の術|ja_tl=changed body technique}} in which a ninja disguises and substitutes their body for an inanimate object.
|ko      = 대타 양성 계획
|ko_rm   = Daeta Yangseong Gyehoek
|ko_tl   = Substitute Training Plan
|es      = Plan de sustitución
|es_tl   = Substitution Plan
|fr      = Plan de substitution
|fr_tl   = Substitution Plan
|ru      = Операция «Замещение»
|ru_tl   = Operation "Substitution"
|th      = แผนตัวสำรอง
|th_rm   = Phaen tua samrong
|th_tl   = Backup Plan
|vi      = Kế Hoạch Thế Thân
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Austauscheinsatz
|de_tl   = The Substitute Operation
|id      = Operasi Pertukaran
|id_tl   = Switching Operation
|pt      = Plano Kawarami
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Değişim Planı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = {{MC|Sostituto|Sostituta}} cercasi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}