{{Terminology Infobox
|image     = Operable Mechanism.png
|type      = Exploration
|region    = Fontaine
}}
'''Operable Mechanisms''' are an exploration mechanic in [[Fontaine]]. There are two types of Operable Mechanism puzzles, '''Eliphas Beam''' puzzles and '''Track Assemblage''' puzzles.

==Eliphas Beam Puzzles==
The goal of this type of puzzle is to ensure every Bean Receiver is lit up by the Eliphas Beam. There are various types of nodes that may redirect or block the beam. These nodes can be controlled with valves, and the player must operate the valves using the ability of the [[Xenochromatic Ball Octopus]] to lead the beam to its destinations.

'''The Eliphas Beam'''
* '''Bean Generators:''' These nodes generate the Eliphas Beam.
* '''Bean Receivers:''' These nodes receive the Eliphas Beam. The goal is to light up every receiver.

'''Beam blockers'''<br>
Bean blockers will block the path of the beam and must be interacted with in some way to ensure the beam can move on.
* '''Lifting Column:''' these columns can block the path of the beam. Use the ability of the Xenochromatic Ball Octopus to lift the column up or down to ensure the beam can move on. Alternatively, some columns may have beam relays attached to them.
* '''Track Assemblage:''' various nodes can be attached to the track and may be moved along by operating some valve. When activated, dispatch switches may block the track.

'''Beam relays'''<br>
Beam relays are nodes that can receive a the Eliphas Beam and redirect it off in another direction.
* '''Track Assemblages and Eliphas Beams:''' these relays are on a track and can be moved along the track.
* '''Vertical Lifting Columns and Eliphas Beams:''' these relays are on a column that can be lifted up an down

==Track Assemblage Puzzles==
In this type of puzzle, there are various crystal chunks along various tracks. The goal is to bring all of the crystal chunks to a crystal pedestal.

* '''Crystal Chunks:''' Objects along the track that can be moved by interacting with valves using the ability of the Xenochromatic Ball Octopus.
** Chunks controlled by a feather valve will slowly return to the original position in the track when the valve is not being operated, unless blocked by a dispatch switch.
** Chunks operated by a regulating valve will stay in their current position when the valve is not being operated.
* '''Crystal Pedestals:''' Stationary pedestals at some point in the track. The goal is to bring every chunk to a pedestal.
* '''Dispatch Switches:''' When activated, these switches will block the track and prevent crystal chunks from passing through.

==Valves==
These valves are involved in both puzzles types and are used to control different nodes. The valves must be operated using the ability of the Xenochromatic Ball Octopus.

* '''Feather Valve:''' Use the Xenochromatic ability to turn this valve. When the ability is not being used, the valve will slowly turn back to its original position.  For example, a gate may be opened by a Feather Valve, and once the player stops using the Xenochromatic ability on the valve, the gate will slowly close as the valve turns back.
* '''Regulating Valve:''' A valve that can be turned clockwise or counter-clockwise. Unlike the Feather Valve, this valve will stay at its current position when the player stops using the Xenochromatic ability. These valves will typically control some type of node.

Some of these valves may be found outside of puzzles and are used to operate various gates in general.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Operable Mechanism: Eliphas Beam; Energy Flow (I); Energy Flow (II); Operable Mechanism: Feather Valve; Operable Mechanism: Lifting Column; Operable Mechanism: Regulating Valve; Operable Mechanism: Track Assemblage; Operable Mechanism: Track Assemblages and Eliphas Beams; Operable Mechanism: Vertical Lifting Columns and Eliphas Beams}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Operable Mechanism
|zhs     = 活动机关
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 活動機關
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 可動装置
|ja_rm   = Kadou Souchi
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 움직이는 장치
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Mecanismo movible
|es_tl   = Moveable Mechanism
|fr      = Mécanisme actionnable
|fr_tl   = Operable Mechanism
|ru      = Управляющий механизм
|ru_tl   = Control Mechanism
|th      = กลไกเคลื่อนที่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cơ Quan Điều Chỉnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bewegliche Vorrichtung
|de_tl   = Movable Mechanism
|id      = Mekanisme Bergerak
|id_tl   = Moving Mechanism
|pt      = Mecanismo de Movimento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hareketli Mekanizma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Meccanismo azionabile
|it_tl   = Operable Mechanism
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox|Fontaine}}