{{Faction Infobox
|base         = [[Temir Mountains]]
|region       = Sumeru
|leader       = [[Nasejuna]] (formerly)
|parentfaction = [[Sumeru Akademiya]] (formerly)
|founder      = [[Nagarjuna]]
}}
The '''Order of Skeptics''' or '''Shamaniyya''', also known as the '''Nagarjunites''' by the Akademiya,<ref name="Splendorous">{{Ref/Quest|The Splendorous Sky That Day}}</ref> are a group of scholars that can be found in the [[Girdle of the Sands]] in [[Sumeru]]. They were once a branch of [[Sumeru Akademiya]],<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Darya}}</ref> but have long since split from them and are rarely acknowledged. The order believes in "the transmission of knowledge at all costs" and that "conflict is the natural order of Teyvat."

Leaders of the Order of Skeptics are known as Nasuraia (Vijnanapati),<ref name="Splendorous" /> which is defined as "one who has epiphanies."<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Sumeru|Nasuraia}}</ref><ref group="Note">In ''The Splendorous Sky That Day'', "Vijnanapati" is given as the {{w|ruby character}}s for "Nasuraia." Normally, this means that "Nasuraia" is meant to be read as "Vijnanapati," or that the two terms are at least synonyms.</ref> [[Nagarjuna]], the sage who led the scholars from Sumeru Akademiya to the [[Girdle of the Sands]] where the Order of Skeptics was founded, is considered the first leader of the Order.

==Overview==
The Order of Skeptics in the current day are descended from a group of Akademiya scholars led by a [[Nagarjuna|one-armed sage]], who came to the desert to help the Pari defeat the [[Abyss]]al forces that had spilled out during the [[cataclysm]]. At this time, [[Khaenri'ah]] had already fallen, and [[Dainsleif]] had joined the [[Pari]] in the [[Vourukasha Oasis]] to fight the monsters. The one-armed sage used documents left behind by the Khaenri'ans to find a path to [[Harvisptokhm]], where the Pari purified the defilement from the land. Afterward, the scholars who remained settled in the area, forged a bond with the Pari, and established themselves as the Order of Skeptics.<ref name="HymnP1">{{Ref/Quest|The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)}}</ref>

Several centuries ago, an investigation team sent from the Akademiya came to the desert to explore the secrets of Khaenri'ah. Despite the Order's warning, they insisted on entering the Khaenri'an ruins, so the then-Vijnanapati sent a member from the Order, [[Klingsor]], to accompany them. However, when he returned, he had embraced the Abyss and the investigation team was nowhere to be found. Afterward, the Vourukasha Oasis suffered many attacks from Abyssal monsters looking for the Great Songs of Khvarena, forcing [[Zurvan]] to seal the Oasis and the ruins. According to Zurvan, the Order never recovered from this incident, having lost all their ancient archives to fire. Since then, the Abyss has greatly affected the loyalties of the Order, to the point where its current-day Vijnanapati, Nasejuna, had allied with the Abyss to destroy Harvisptokhm so that the energy from the Abyss would envelop Teyvat. During the events of [[Khvarena of Good and Evil]], Nasejuna's attempt to seize the Songs from the Traveler by force failed, and he was forced to flee, leaving the Order of Skeptics currently leaderless.<ref name="HymnP1" />

20 years ago, [[Kaveh's Father]] requested to join an investigative research project in the desert to help [[Aaru Village]] and find the Order of the Skeptics, although his exact association with the latter is never explained.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Contestant}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Whole New Style}}</ref>

==Members==
*[[Sosi]]
*[[Pyrrho]]

===Former Members===
* [[Nagarjuna]] (founder)
* [[Klingsor]]<ref name="HymnP1" /><ref>Notable Interactables: [[Akademiya Investigation Team's Logs]]</ref> (defected)
* [[Aryadeva]] (moved to Sumeru City)
* [[Nasejuna]] (defected)

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{w|Nagarjuna}} was an Indian scholar and the founder of the {{w|Madhyamaka}} school of Buddhist teachings. In Sanskrit, the term Nagarjuna means "the perfection of wisdom."
* ''Vijnanapati'', a term used for leaders of the Order of Skeptics, is of Sanskrit origin and means "the lord of knowledge," used to identify someone with a great knowledge. It is made up of the Sanskrit words {{Lang|vijñāna|sa=विज्ञान}} meaning "knowledge," and {{Lang|pati|sa=पति}} meaning "lord."
* ''Nasuraia'', another term for the Order's leaders, is likely derived from the term ''Nasuraiya'' or ''Naṣuraiia'', meaning "keeper (of secret knowledge)," in its usage to refer to {{w|Mandaean priest}}s.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en      = Order of Skeptics
|1_zhs     = 矫论团
|1_zhs_rm  = Jiǎolùn-tuán
|1_zht     = 矯論團
|1_zht_rm  = Jiǎolùn-tuán
|1_zh_tl   = 
|1_ja      = スケプティック団
|1_ja_rm   = Sukeputikku-dan
|1_ja_tl   = 
|1_ko      = {{tt|회의론<->단|懷疑論團}}
|1_ko_tl   = 
|1_es      = Orden de los Escépticos
|1_es_tl   = Order of the Skeptics
|1_fr      = Ordre des Sceptiques
|1_fr_tl   = Order of Skeptics
|1_ru      = Орден скептиков
|1_ru_tl   = Order of Skeptics
|1_th      = กลุ่มวิมตินิยม
|1_th_rm   = 
|1_th_tl   = 
|1_vi      = Hội Nghi Hoặc
|1_vi_tl   = 
|1_de      = Skeptikerorden
|1_de_tl   = Order of Skeptics
|1_id      = Orde Pembenaran
|1_id_tl   = Order of Justification
|1_pt      = Ordem dos Céticos
|1_pt_tl   = 
|1_tr      = Kuşkucular Cemiyeti
|1_tr_tl   = 
|1_it      = Ordine degli Scettici
|1_it_tl   = 

|2_en      = Shamaniyya
|2_zhs     = 萨曼尼耶
|2_zhs_rm  = Sàmànníyē
|2_zht     = 薩曼尼耶
|2_zht_rm  = Sàmànníyé
|2_ja      = サーマニヤ
|2_ja_rm   = Saamaniya
|2_ko      = 사마니아
|2_es      = Shamaniyya
|2_fr      = Shamaniyya
|2_ru      = Шамании
|2_th      = Shamaniyya
|2_vi      = Shamaniyya
|2_de      = Shamaniyya
|2_id      = Shamaniyya
|2_pt      = Shamaniyya
|2_tr      = Shamaniyya
|2_it      = Shamaniyya

|3_en      = Nagarjunites
|3_zhs     = 那伽朱那团
|3_zhs_rm  = Nàjiāzhūnà-tuán
|3_zht     = 那伽朱那團
|3_zht_rm  = Nàjiāzhūnà-tuán
|3_zh_tl   = Nagarjuna Group
|3_ja      = ナガルジュナ団
|3_ja_rm   = Nagarujuna-dan
|3_ja_tl   = Nagarjuna Troupe
|3_ko      = 나가르주나<->단
|3_ko_tl   = Team Nagarjuna
|3_es      = Nagarjuna
|3_fr      = Nagarjunites
|3_ru      = Нагарджуна
|3_ru_tl   = Nagarjuna
|3_th      = กลุ่ม Nagarjuna
|3_th_rm   = Klum Nagarjuna
|3_th_tl   = Nargarjuna Group
|3_vi      = Nagadjuna
|3_de      = Leute von Nagarjuna
|3_de_tl   = People of Nagarjuna
|3_id      = Tim Nagarjuna
|3_id_tl   = Team Nagarjuna
|3_pt      = Pessoal de Nagarjuna
|3_pt_tl   = People of Nagarjuna
|3_tr      = Nagarjuna
|3_it      = Nagarjuna
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[es:Orden de los Escépticos]]