{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Hangout Event Ordinary Memorial.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Gorou
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Canine General's Special Operations
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Accidental Encounter
|next          = 
|characters    = Gorou; Katheryne (Inazuma); Traveler; Kozue; Taroumaru; Kousuke; Yasuhisa
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Ordinary Memorial''' is a quest in [[Gorou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Canine General's Special Operations]].

==Steps==
# Ask Katheryne about the fate of the box
# Go to Komoe Teahouse to investigate
# Talk to Kozue
# Go to the place indicated by Taroumaru
# Defeat the Treasure Hoarders {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger*2;Treasure Hoarders: Scout*2;Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer}}
# Talk to Gorou
# Deliver the Treasure Hoarders back to the Adventurers' Guild
# Return to Watatsumi Island

==Dialogue==
===Treasure Rumors===
{{Quest Description|Gorou says that his box is at the Adventurers' Guild. Go with him to ask Katheryne.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Ask Katheryne about the fate of the box)

:'''''You tell Katheryne about how Gorou is looking for a box he buried.'''''

:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hmm, I'm afraid that will be a little difficult...
:{{DIcon}} Why, what's happened?
:{{DIcon}} Has the box gone?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Don't worry, the item you are looking for is safe and sound. However, I'm unable to return it to you at present.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The reason being, it is connected to a case involving the Treasure Hoarders, which is still under investigation.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That's strange... I buried that box there &mdash; what does it have to do with the Treasure Hoarders?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Allow me to explain. Not long ago, we received a commission concerning a theft by Treasure Hoarders at Komore Teahouse.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The adventurer who accepted the commission followed their trail, and heard that they had buried the treasure at Nazuchi Beach.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' But when we went to dig up the stolen items, we found many other things buried there along with them. As such, we cannot ascertain which of the items have to do with the Treasure Hoarders at this stage.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' For now, all we can do is hold all related items at the Adventurers' Guild until such a time as we have caught the group of Treasure Hoarders in question. Then, we will see that all items are returned to their rightful owners.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I see... I never expected that other people would be burying things in the same place.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well, since these are the rules, I won't press you for it. But might I ask how the investigation is coming along?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' This is where the difficulty arises. To date, we have still not been able to locate the hiding place of the Treasure Hoarders, so I'm afraid it still could take some time.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So there's no knowing when this will be resolved...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Maybe I could help? I could find the Treasure Hoarders for you, and once you confirm everything is in order, you'll be able to return my box to me.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's very important to me, so the sooner I get it back, the better.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 09.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' That is perfectly acceptable.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' However, many adventurers have investigated this case recently. They have searched far and wide, but their efforts have been fruitless.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 katheryne 11.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' If the two of you are still interested in taking the case, you may have to devise an original approach...
:{{DIcon}} Let's head to Komore Teahouse first.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes, it seems like the only sensible place to start.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' With any luck, we might be able to find some clues there... actually, since it's come up &mdash; what's the Komore Teahouse like?
:{{DIcon}} A place to have tea.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well obviously, hehe, anyway...
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's go take a look.
:{{DIcon}} It's actually a hot pot place.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hot pot? So they call it a teahouse, despite the fact that it is obviously a hot pot restaurant... How confusing.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Anyway, let's go take a look.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You never expected that the box would be become embroiled in a theft case involving the Treasure Hoarders. Well then. Time to bring them to justice.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Komore Teahouse to investigate)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 01.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' ...Are you here to investigate the recent theft as well?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 02.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' We're grateful for the assistance. However, I'm afraid I don't have any more clues...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 03.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' It was Taroumaru's No. 2 Reserve Fund that they stole. They struck late at night while there was no one in the surrounding area, so they could slip in unnoticed.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 04.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' By the time we realized, it was too late.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 05.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' They left enough clues for us to retrieve the box, but we've found no trace of the group of Treasure Hoarders who dared to target our teahouse.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 06.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' I've asked around many times, and there were no eyewitnesses at all. We're definitely dealing with experienced crooks here...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 taroumaru 01.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 07.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' Taroumaru? What are you doing out here?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 taroumaru 02.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof! Woof, woof!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 08.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' How strange. I don't know what's gotten into Taroumaru today...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' He says he knows where the Treasure Hoarders are hiding.
:{{DIcon}} You understand Taroumaru?
:{{DIcon}} Does that mean that you're a...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' How can I describe it... It's like listening to a regional dialect. A lot of it goes over my head, but I can still get the general gist.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Anyway, he says he was there at the scene of the crime. The Treasure Hoarders didn't see Taroumaru as a threat, so he stayed and listened in on their whole conversation.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Since there were so many of them, and they were armed, Taroumaru didn't dare to bark loudly. So he just had to let them go.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 09.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' No wonder!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 kozue 10.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' Poor boy, he's been acting more anxious than usual lately, and is always looking outside. And I thought he just wanted someone to take him for a walk...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 taroumaru 03.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof... woof, woof! Woof, woof, woof!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes... that does sound like quite a predicament.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 taroumaru 04.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof! Woof, woof! Woof!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Okay, I think I understand now.
:{{DIcon}} I don't...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Taroumaru says he heard the Treasure Hoarders conspiring to hide out at the beach directly below Tenshukaku.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' No one usually thinks to look there, and it's become something of a safe haven for Treasure Hoarders.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' He also mentioned that they were a gang of five people, the leader's name is Kousuke, and the second-in-command is called Yasuhisa. The leader's scent indicated he was probably from the Narukami Island area, while the two newcomers in the team were more likely from somewhere else.
:{{DIcon}} You got all that from "woof"!?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Thank you, Taroumaru. It must have been hard for you, knowing the details of the crime but not being able to communicate them.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Don't you worry, we'll take care of everything from here. We will definitely get your belongings back!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902802 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's go there in person, (Traveler). We might not have any troops with us, but between the two of us, we should be able to deal with a handful of petty thieves.
----
;(Talk to Kozue again)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 kozue 01.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' That gang of Treasure Hoarders must have been planning this for a long time. Judging by how skillfully they infiltrated this place and the fact that they've managed to remain hidden ever since, it is clear that they are a group of seasoned thieves.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 kozue 02.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' But our own negligence is also to blame. We shouldn't have re-allocated so many people to other duties...
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Goods Returned===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the place indicated by Taroumaru)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Shh... I think we're getting close.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902801 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There is danger in the air... and something doesn't smell right. Be careful!
;(Defeat the Treasure Hoarders)
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 kousuke 01.ogg}} '''Kousuke:''' This is bizarre... how would anyone think to look here?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 yasuhisa 01.ogg}} '''Yasuhisa:''' Uh, Boss, didn't you say that the most dangerous place is the safest place to hide...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 kousuke 02.ogg}} '''Kousuke:''' Yeah, and I still maintain that I'm right in principle... Think how many days we've been here &mdash; no one else has come looking for us, have they?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 kousuke 03.ogg}} '''Kousuke:''' I can't believe we got caught, just when the whole thing had nearly blown over... Hey, kid, who the heck are you guys, anyway?
:{{DIcon}} Just some people fighting for justice in Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} Taroumaru's best buddies!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We shouldn't waste any more time on these people.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Life is tough in the resistance, but none of our troops would ever think about laying a hand on the innocent civilians under their rule. You have things so much better here, and this is how you choose to live your life? It's pure selfishness.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' (Traveler), we should turn them over to the Adventurers' Guild right away. Once their identities are confirmed, they'll get the punishment they deserve.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 kousuke 04.ogg}} '''Kousuke:''' Please, show a little mercy!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 kousuke 05.ogg}} '''Kousuke:''' We'll give you half of everything we've saved up over the years... If you're willing to turn a blind eye on this, anything's up for negotiation...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That's enough. Tie them up and take them away!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, Sir!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh! Uh... Come to think of it, this is not a military camp, so there's no need for me to be so heavy-handed.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902803 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But thieves still have to be punished. (Traveler), let's escort them back.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Reminiscence===
{{Quest Description|update|You've got the box, but Gorou seems to want to return to Watatsumi Island before opening it...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Deliver the Treasure Hoarders back to the Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902804 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I am pleased to confirm that these are indeed the individuals who stole from Komore Teahouse.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902804 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I didn't expect you to catch them so quickly, especially with no new leads to explore.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902804 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' In accordance with the rules, now that we have procured an oral confession from the Treasure Hoarders and verified the list of stolen items, we can now return the box to you.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902804 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Here, please take it.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902804 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah... Thank goodness.
:{{DIcon}} Are you going to open it and take a look?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902804 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let me think... the contents of the box don't belong here &mdash; they belong on Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902804 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So let's head there now and open it.
----
;(Return to Watatsumi Island)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' One, two, three... yes, it looks like they're all here.
:{{DIcon}} What are these?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Some personal items that once belonged to troops under my command.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Water bottles, towels, knee guards... Just everyday items, but each one bears the handwritten name of its former owner. These were the only things those soldiers had for their families to remember them by.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We all knew going into that battle that the odds of survival were slim. Many of the soldiers came to me and said they wanted to leave something behind as a keepsake for their loved ones.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You see, their swords and polearms broke in battle, their damaged armor wouldn't have been easy to carry, and many of them couldn't write very well, so they couldn't even leave a letter...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' In the end, all they could leave to their families were these ordinary items. Artifacts of their daily lives.
:{{DIcon}} Gorou...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' My soldiers trusted me, but I failed to lead them to victory that day.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Then they trusted me with these... and instead of honoring their last wishes right away, I had to hastily bury them in the sand...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Every time something like this happens, I tell myself that by the next time I'm faced with the same situation, I have to be stronger.
:{{DIcon}} You got the box back. It's alright now.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902805 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yeah... but right now, let me just mourn them for a little while longer.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Final Remembrance===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Final Remembrance
|character       = Gorou
|act             = 1
|description     = "Let me mourn them for just a little while longer."
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ordinary Memorial
|zhs     = 平凡的纪念
|zhs_rm  = Píngfán de Jìniàn
|zht     = 平凡的紀念
|zht_rm  = Píngfán de Jìniàn
|zh_tl   = Ordinary Memorial
|ja      = 平凡な記念
|ja_rm   = Heibonna Kinen
|ja_tl   = Ordinary Memorial
|ko      = 평범한 기념
|ko_rm   = Pyeongbeomhan Ginyeom
|ko_tl   = Ordinary Memorial
|es      = Recuerdos ordinarios
|es_tl   = Ordinary Memories
|fr      = Commémoration ordinaire
|fr_tl   = Ordinary Commemoration
|ru      = Обычные сувениры
|ru_tl   = Ordinary Souvenirs
|th      = การระลึกถึงโดยทั่วไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Ordinary Commemoration
|vi      = Kỷ Niệm Bình Phàm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein gewöhnliches Erinnerungsstück
|de_tl   = A Ordinary Memento
|id      = Peringatan yang Biasa
|id_tl   = Ordinary Memorial
|pt      = Lembrança Ordinária
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sıradan Bir Yadigar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Memoriale ordinario
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}