{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Orichalceous Time-Dial.png
|set   = Tenacity of the Millelith
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A simple device for telling time. This was once standard-issue for the Millelith during times of war.}}
'''Orichalceous Time-Dial''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Tenacity of the Millelith]].

==Description==
A hardy timepiece powered by sunlight and moonlight, capable of capturing rays of light even on the darkest of days.<br>When Liyue was threatened by a pitch-black malice, this time-dial helped the soldiers to remember the warmth of the sun.

In the course of fighting side by side with [[Bosacius|the yaksha]], these mortal soldiers could not escape being contaminated by karma, or harmed during the slaughtering.<br>To avoid being consumed by the darkness of constant killing, the Millelith soldiers used this timepiece to silently mark the passage of time during each battle.<br>They fixed a unified marching pace and schedule so that one squadron of mortal soldiers would take the battlefield as the one before them retreated.<br>This cycle of advance and retreat continued all the way to the depths of [[The Chasm: Underground Mines|the Chasm]], where yaksha and valiant soldiers both fell.

100 years later, this timepiece was unearthed by a miner. Its bronze surface sparkled in the bright starlight.<br>Urban legends tell of a [[Zhongli|collector of curios wearing black robes]], who roamed the market streets one day, buying up Orichalceous Time-Dials and paying a generous sum for each one.<br>Some sellers queried him, curious to know what his reasons were, but he deftly deflected all their questions with an array of excuses and other verbal tricks.<br>As for what this individual's true motive was, perhaps only the unyielding forward march of time can finally deliver a satisfying explanation.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Orichalceous Time-Dial
|zhs      = 金铜时晷
|zhs_rm   = Jīn Tóng Shíguǐ
|zht      = 金銅時晷
|zht_rm   = Jīn Tóng Shíguǐ
|zh_tl    = Gilt Bronze Time-Dial
|ja       = 金銅の日時計
|ja_rm    = Kondou no Hidokei
|ja_tl    = Gilt Bronze Sundial
|ko       = 금동의 해시계
|ko_rm    = Geumdong-ui Haesigye
|ko_tl    = Gilt Bronze Sundial
|es       = Reloj de Sol de Oricalco
|es_tl    = Orichalceous Sundial
|fr       = Cadran solaire doré
|fr_tl    = Golden Sundial
|ru       = Золотые часы
|ru_tl    = Golden Clock
|th       = Orichalceous Time-Dial
|vi       = Đồng Hồ Vàng Đồng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kupferne Sonnenuhr
|de_tl    = Copper Sundial
|id       = Orichalceous Time-Dial
|pt       = Relógio de Sol Dourado
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Altın Güneş Saati
|tr_tl    = Golden Sundial
|it       = Meridiana d'oricalco
|it_tl    = Orichalcum Sundial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Tenacity of the Millelith}}

[[fr:Cadran solaire doré]]
[[ja:金銅の日時計]]
[[tr:Altın Güneş Saati]]
[[vi:Đồng Hồ Vàng Đồng]]
[[zh:金銅時晷]]