{{Item Infobox
|id           = 000106
|image        = Item Fragile Resin.png
|type         = Challenge Result Items
|group        = Monetization Items
|rarity       = 3
|effect       = Used to vitalize Petrified Trees and Ley Line Blossoms, allowing access to the treasures they hold. Energy regenerates over time.
|description  = It is said that the roots of all the [[Irminsul]] trees and blossoms in the world are intertwined at the deepest, most hidden place in the earth, and that the pattern the root system makes defines the Ley Lines of the world.
|source1      = Regeneration over time
|source2      = [[Fragile Resin]]
|source3      = [[Primogem]]s
|source4      = [[Transient Resin]]
}}
'''Original Resin''' serves as the energy resource in ''Genshin Impact''. Original Resin is used to claim challenge rewards from [[Ley Line Outcrops|Ley Line Blossoms]], Petrified Trees ([[Domains]]), and Trounce Blossoms ([[Bosses]]), as well as Event-exclusive challenges.

To note, any use of Original Resin, excluding the conversion into [[Condensed Resin]], will award [[Adventure EXP]] at a ratio of 1:5. For example, spending 20 Resin will result in 100 AEXP.

==Using Resin==
You can complete activities without having any Resin (i.e. [[Battle Pass]] missions), but will not be able to collect the rewards.
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
!Activity!!Resin Cost
|-
|[[Ley Line Outcrops]]||20 (or 1× [[Condensed Resin]])
|-
|[[Domains]]||20 (or 1× [[Condensed Resin]])
|-
|[[Normal Bosses]]||40
|-
|[[Weekly Bosses]]||30 (60 after 3rd claimed reward)
|}

===Craft Usage===
{{Craft Usage}}
*[[Mystic Enhancement Ore]] recipe requires [[Adventure Rank]] 30:
**10 Original Resin is required to forge 3× [[Magical Crystal Chunk]]s into 6× [[Mystic Enhancement Ore]] (plus bonus [[Adventure Experience]] and [[Companionship EXP]]) at a Blacksmith.
*[[Condensed Resin]] recipe requires Liyue [[Reputation]] Lv. 3:
**40 Original Resin is required to craft 1× [[Condensed Resin]] (only up to 5 are able to be held at a time).

==Replenishing Resin==
There are a few ways to replenish resin:
*Original Resin passively regenerates at a rate of 1 unit every 8 minutes, if it is not fully capped (160 total):
**As long as the Original Resin is regenerating, you will go through 180 resin per 24 hours, 1260 resin per week. Thus it is advised to spend Resin whenever possible to not stay at the cap, as not to waste "potential" Resin.
**Full replenishment (from 0 to 160) will take 21 hours and 20 minutes.
**Click on the Resin icon on the top of the map screen to view your current refill timers (time to next unit/full refill).
**The timer will start once the amount drops below the cap.
*Players can manually instantly replenish 60 Original Resin at a time:
**{{Item|Fragile Resin|20|x=1}} or {{Item|Transient Resin|20|x=1}} can be used to restore 60 Original Resin.
**Alternatively, players can replenish 60 Original Resin by using an increasingly expensive amount of [[Primogem]]s, instead (up to 6 times a day, see the chart below).
**The replenishing cap of 160 can be exceeded through manual refills.
**When replenishing over the 160 cap, players have a hard cap maximum of 2,000 Original Resin.
***Replenishing is unavailable when the count is above 1,940 (as such would result in values of 2,001 and above after refill).

{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Refill!!Primogem Cost!!Total Result/Cost!!Ratio
|-
|1/6||50||≤60 Resin at 50 Primogems||1.2 Resin per Primogem
|-
|2/6||rowspan=2|100||≤120 Resin at 150 Primogems||0.8 Resin per Primogem
|-
|3/6||≤180 Resin at 250 Primogems||0.72 Resin per Primogem
|-
|4/6||150||≤240 Resin at 400 Primogems||0.6 Resin per Primogem
|-
|5/6||rowspan=2|200||≤300 Resin at 600 Primogems||0.5 Resin per Primogem
|-
|6/6||≤360 Resin at 800 Primogems||0.45 Resin per Primogem
|}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Original Resin
|zhs     = 原粹树脂
|zhs_rm  = Yuáncuì Shùzhī
|zht     = 原粹樹脂
|zht_rm  = Yuáncuì Shùzhī
|zh_tl   = Original and Pure Resin
|ja      = 天然樹脂
|ja_rm   = Ten'nen Jushi
|ja_tl   = Natural Resin
|ko      = 퓨어 레진
|ko_rm   = Pyueo Rejin
|ko_tl   = Pure Resin
|es      = Resina original
|es_tl   = Original Resin
|fr      = Résine originelle
|fr_tl   = Original Resin
|ru      = Первородная смола
|ru_tl   = Original Resin
|th      = Original Resin
|vi      = Nhựa Nguyên Chất
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ursprüngliches Harz
|de_tl   = Original Resin
|id      = Original Resin
|pt      = Resina Original
|pt_tl   = Original Resin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Genshin Navbox}}

[[es:Resina original]]
[[ja:天然樹脂]]
[[pt-br:Resina Original]]
[[ru:Первородная смола]]
[[vi:Nhựa Nguyên Chất]]
[[fr:Résine originelle]]
[[uk:Первісна смола]]