{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Ormazd.jpg
|caption          = Mural depicting Ormazd (name written in [[Deshret Script]])
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Poisoned by Shirin, thousands of years ago
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Gurabad
|title            = 
|ancestry         = 
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Liloupar
|child            = Shirin of Gurabad
|child2           = Parvezravan
|childNote2       = adoptive
|child3           = 99 unnamed children
|relative         = Shiruyeh
|relativeNote     = grandson

}}
'''Ormazd''' or '''Ohrmazd''' was a historical figure in the [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]]. He was the king of [[Gurabad]], husband of [[Liloupar]] and the father of [[Shirin of Gurabad]].

==Profile==
The shepherd Ormazd gained the Jinni Liloupar's favor, fell in love with her and with her assistance, united many desert city-states under Gurabad's control. She warned him that her blessings will be repaid with "sharp retribution," but he ignored those warnings. He became an ordinary tyrant instead of the enlightened ruler which she hoped he would  become, and so Liloupar plotted to impose him with three generations of ruination.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|The First Days of the City of Kings}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Legacy of the Desert High-Born}}</ref>

Liloupar gave birth to a daughter, Shirin. Before she delivered her into Ormazd's hands, she prophesied three times: First, she would fall in love with a hero and their child would surpass their father; second, that Shirin's relatives would meet a "sweet end;" and third, only Shirin would be given possession of Gurabad. Liloupar's admonitions for Ormazd were that: First, Shirin's joy would "bring tears to her father's eyes;" second, they "should no longer feast at the same table as their daughter after she was wed;" and third, Shirin's child would be "an ill omen upon the king's land."<ref name="TToSaS">{{Ref/Book|The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin|2}}</ref>

At some point Ormazd adopted an orphan named [[Kisra]]. To reward Kisra for his valor, Ormazd bestowed him with the name "Parvez." He also gave Kisra his daughter Shirin's hand in marriage.<ref name="TToSaS1">{{Ref/Book|The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin|1}}</ref> Kisra, who  came to learn of Liloupar's prophecies, held no genuine love for Shirin and simply used her as a means of gaining the throne. Embittered with her life, Shirin plotted revenge. In accordance with the admonitions he received, Ormazd forbade Shirin from attending banquets; she took advantage of this fact to have slaves serve him and all her siblings poisoned honey, killing them all at a grand banquet. With this, Kisra became king of Gurabad and took the name Parvezravan.<ref name="TToSaS" />
<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
-->
==Trivia==
* ''Ormazd'' is a variant of the name of {{w|Ahura Mazda}}, Zoroastrian Lord of Wisdom.
* Ormazd is likely inspired by the real-world {{w|Hormizd IV}} of the same name, who is commonly remembered as a tyrant and was slaughtered by his son {{w|Khosrow Parviz}}, who Parvezravan is inspired by.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Ormazd
|zhs     = 奥尔玛兹
|zhs_rm  = Ào'ěrmǎzī
|zht     = 奧爾瑪茲
|zht_rm  = Ào'ěrmǎzī
|ja      = オルマズド
|ja_rm   = Orumazudo
|ko      = 오르마즈드
|es      = Ormazd
|fr      = Ormazd
|ru      = Ормазд
|th      = Ormazd
|vi      = Ormazd
|de      = Ormazd
|id      = Ormazd
|pt      = Ormazd
|tr      = Ormazd
|it      = Ormazd
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}