{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Ororon
|id             = 368191
|image          = Character Ororon Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Ororon''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Smoke bombs...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Great place to meditate...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Cultivating...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hope the radishes are doing okay...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} My Aphid friends...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} You're here.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} About this place...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo olorun mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Hello.
:{{A|vo olorun mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Does time here pass the same way it does in the outside world? Not sure if I should be saying "good morning" or "good evening"...
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Don't worry &mdash; I think it's great.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm good at adapting to my environment. Teapot, water cup, wine barrel... I'd be fine in any container, really.
::{{DIcon}} Well, I'm very glad to hear that.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' And I'm very happy to be here. Thanks for having me.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' This place is so homey, and all the decor is so unique. I like everything about it.
::{{DIcon}} It's nothing special. I just went with the flow.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I think that's a great way to live your life.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It's the kind of mindset that makes it easier to move past things and overcome life's challenges.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Besides, it's your home. Your own comfort should be your first priority.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' The best homes are spaces where you can sprawl out and live the way you want. Just like my place &mdash; I pretty much leave my stuff wherever I want.
::{{DIcon}} Then, make yourself at home!
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Okay! I basically already have.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' If that's what you want, then I'd be happy to.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're better off choosing the topic, though. I usually only talk about a few things.
::{{DIcon}} Like... growing vegetables?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Exactly.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Pretty amazing... It's like you know me already.
::{{DIcon}} Doesn't make you feel uncomfortable, does it?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Oh, of course not.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're like a wild animal that seeks out human contact in a gentle way. No one's gonna turn that down.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...Sorry for comparing you to an animal. That came out wrong.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' What I meant to say is, you're friendly and approachable. You make it easy for people to let their guard down.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Of course, I can tell your soul is more mature than your appearance suggests.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' There's a wealth of wisdom and experience behind your youthful appearance. If you were a fruit, you'd be... a tender one. The pick of the crop. Um...
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It's kind of hard to explain. All I'm trying to say is, I think you're great &mdash; the kind of person that everyone likes.
::{{DIcon}} It's the first time I've heard it put like that...
:::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 12a 1.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Oh, did I say something weird?
:::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 12a 2.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Sorry. That's kind of who I am.
:::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 12a 3.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' But, you don't seem to mind. So, I'll just keep being myself, okay?
::{{DIcon}} I'll take that as a compliment.
:::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 12b 1.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You should! You're in a good place. Some people grow older without the "growing wiser" part.
:::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 12b 2.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...I hope I don't turn out like that.
:::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship2 12b 3.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' When you think about it... At least I can grow my own vegetables and hunt, so I'll never go hungry, right?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...I can't think of anything. Is there anything you recommend?
::{{DIcon}} How about... something peaceful?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' In that case... maybe you'd like to try out Phlogiston Engraving?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It sounds more serious than it is. Basically, it involves painting patterns which can be activated to generate different effects, using either Phlogiston or elemental energy.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' If we're not looking for a specific effect, we can make it even simpler by drawing random graffiti art and letting the rest happen naturally.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' For instance, drawing Paimon on the back of your hand might trigger extreme hunger for a little while.
::{{DIcon}} That checks out.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It all comes down to the pattern itself and the formula of the paint.
::{{DIcon}} What about... something not peaceful at all?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You mean some kind of sport or physical activity?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' We could race each other.
::{{DIcon}} ?
:::{{DIcon}} And by that you mean... seeing who can run away the fastest?
:::{{DIcon}} I'd lose for sure.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Never underestimate yourself.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' If you're not feeling confident enough, I can show you how to make graffiti smoke bombs. That way, it's a fair contest.
::{{DIcon}} I'd love that.
::{{DIcon}} But sounds like a tough clean-up...
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Oh... You're right.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' This place feels so much like home, I almost forgot I'm still a guest. Sorry about that.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' In that case, we'll have to settle for a good, old fashioned race. Fine by me, though &mdash; it's exercise either way.
::{{DIcon}} Any other options?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Sure. How about a combination of the two?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' In other words, doing graffiti while racing.
::{{DIcon}} Haha!
::{{DIcon}} ...You're kidding, right?
:::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...Yes?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Based on your reaction, you're hoping it was a joke, right?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' So, uh... Yeah. It was a joke.
::{{DIcon}} Thanks for chatting with me. It's been a lot of fun.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 19.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Of course! And, anyway, I'm the one who should be thanking you.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 20.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I don't get to visit friends' places very often, so I really appreciate you inviting me here.
::{{DIcon}} You're welcome! Feel free to stop by anytime.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo friendship3 21.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Thank you! Next time, I'll even bring along my prized radish &mdash; it's a big one.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Ororon.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Good morning. I'm only up this early because I haven't actually gone to sleep yet.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' So, go do your thing. I'll get some rest in a bit.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Ororon.
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Good night. You headed to bed?
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I feel pretty awake, actually. If this place wasn't so secure, I could help keep watch. Oh, well...
::{{A|vo olorun mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Huh? Paimon can do that too? Then, the next time we get a chance, Paimon and I can keep watch together.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Treading the Untrodden Path===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt olorun adventureandfield 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' These plants are growing superbly. And you can tell they're in a great mood.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt olorun adventureandfield 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're really good at taking care of your friends.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt olorun adventureandfield 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Of course, if you ever find they get upset, just let me know. I'll be more than happy to come cheer them up for you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Masters of the Night-Wind's Tranquility===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt olorun nightwind 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' These furnishings take me right back to my childhood...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt olorun nightwind 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Like these tall things, for instance. I remember finding it really hard to climb up to the top.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt olorun nightwind 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' And then once you grow up, you practically have to bend double to see the things down low more clearly... Heh, you grow up just to bend back down.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Ororon/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Ororon/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:オロルン/仲間]]
[[ru:Оророн/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Ororon/Konaklama]]