{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma

|group            = Oni
}}
{{Quote|"The Otogi Kongou Lion King is here. Demons beware!"|Redhorn Stonethresher Lore<ref name="RS">{{Ref/Weapon|Redhorn Stonethresher}}</ref>
}}
'''The Otogi Kongou Lion King''' (often shortened to the '''Otogi King'''), also known in folklore as '''Arataki of the Front Gate'''<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref><ref name="misu">{{Ref/Weapon|Uraku Misugiri}}</ref> was a wandering eccentric [[Oni]] of Inazuma who lived around five hundred years ago.<ref name="RS" />

He is the wielder of the weapon [[Redhorn Stonethresher]].

==Profile==
===Personality===
The Otogi King was raucous, boisterous, and liked to tell tales about his alleged fights with monsters ([[Kitsune|bake-kitsune]], [[bake-danuki]], evil demons, and [[Reizenbou]] being a few cited examples). He is apparently good with children; he kicked down [[Lavender Melon]] trees when he saw they were unable to reach the fruit, and took some of them to crash an official autumn leaf-watching concert.<ref name="RS" />

===Appearance===
During battle, the Otogi King would garb himself in golden brocade threaded with autumn grass and clouds, and he painted his face with the garish oil. He wore an haori with a golden flower during the wrestling match with [[Mikoshi Chiyo]].<ref name="misu"/>

==Story==
The Otogi King acted as a meditator between [[Urakusai]] and the [[Bake-Danuki]], thus he received the sword [[Uraku Misugiri|Misugiri]] from the Kitsune.<ref name="misu"/> He may also had a good relationship with the bake-danuki, as one anecdote of him was about him and [[Ioroi]] sealed the Four Oni of Ogata together.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas: The Wonders of Adeptal Amber}}</ref>

He lead the children to crash an official autumn leaf-watching concert, and earned a beating from the oni Chiyo in a wrestling match.<ref name="RS" /> After the match, a seamstress from a commoner family helped him to patch and mend the golden flower that had come loose from his haori. He gifted her the Misugiri after insisting it was a reward and it was better than her small scissors.<ref name="misu"/>

As the cataclysm arrived, the Otogi King made a promise with the children he would "cut off the horns of those monsters and bring them back for ya", claiming that it would "show you the might of the Otogi Kongou Lion King" and that the "creatures from beyond the ocean" were "easy pickings".<ref name="RS" /> As with many other figures in the cataclysm, the Otogi King never came back from fighting the [[Abyss]].

==Trivia==
* Despite his claims of being able to vanquish powerful monsters, he was "never given the right to wear [[Ei|the Shogun]]'s colors".<ref name="RS" />

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:御伽大王]]