{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71668
|image         = Event Quest Our Animal Friends.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Claw Convoy
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Lamiya; Traveler; Zhenchen
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|next          = Our Animal Friends: Epilogue
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*4;Inscribed Mirror (Claw Convoy)*1
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Claw Convoy]] Event.
}}
'''''Our Animal Friends''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Claw Convoy]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the Feiyun Commerce Guild staff
# Give a suitable gift

==Gameplay Notes==
* The player must submit [[food]] that fulfills all of the following criteria:
** Can be [[cook]]ed
** Normal or Delicious quality
** Released before [[Version 4.0]]<!-- NOT including Version 4.0 -->
** Not a [[Special Dish]] except for Kaeya's, Lisa's, Razor's, and Jean's ([[Fruity Skewers]], [[Mysterious Bolognese]], [[Puppy-Paw Hash Brown]], and [[Invigorating Pizza]], respectively; these can be submitted)

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Feiyun Guild is on the move, taking on social responsibilities and promoting harmonious symbiosis between humanity and nature!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lamiya or Zhenchen)
:'''Zhenchen:''' All are welcome to join the "Claw Convoy" animal rescue society...
:{{DIcon}} Greetings!
:'''Zhenchen:''' Ah, {{Traveler}}, it's you. How do you do?
:'''Zhenchen:''' Our guild is currently holding an event. Might that interest you?
:{{DIcon}} What sort of event are we talking about?
:'''Zhenchen:''' Simply put, we're asking people to join the Claw Convoy, an animal rescue society sponsored by the Feiyun Commerce Guild, and help us take care of abandoned or endangered animals.
:'''Zhenchen:''' The Guild has been working with volunteers from the various nations, helping to solve the widespread problem of stray animals through communal adoption.
:'''Zhenchen:''' We've seen major expansion in recent years, which led us to start thinking about working with researchers like Ms. Lamiya in the field of endangered animal conservation.
:'''Lamiya:''' Honestly, I'm glad to see my research bear fruit in this way too.
:'''Zhenchen:''' Haha! Then we're of the same mind.
:'''Zhenchen:''' Thanks to our volunteers and visionary researchers like Ms. Lamiya, many stray animals now have a home, and endangered species are being protected.
:'''Zhenchen:''' Aside from Liyue, the Claw Convoy's animal care facilities may be found everywhere the Feiyun Commerce Guild is active, like in Mondstadt and Sumeru...
:'''Zhenchen:''' As such, we're running this event to show our gratitude to our volunteers and to let everyone know just how many Convoy companions we've got out there.
:'''Zhenchen:''' You can head over to the area where the adopted animals are staying to check on their actual living conditions, and take a small gift to go.
:'''Zhenchen:''' The gifts were prepared by our staff and other animal adopters. Of course, before you claim a gift, you'll need to prepare something for other adopters as well.
:'''Zhenchen:''' When the time comes, all gifts will be retrieved by a professional and delivered to the original adopter. No need for expensive gifts &mdash; they're just meant to convey your feelings.
:'''Zhenchen:''' So how about it, {{Traveler}}? Interested?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll give it a go.
:{{DIcon}} Absolutely, sign me up!
:'''Zhenchen:''' Wonderful! It would be amazing to have a celebrity like you taking part.
:'''Zhenchen:''' If you're ready, you can hand over your gift now. Our staff will pass it to the relevant adopter once the event ends.
:'''Zhenchen:''' By the way, based on my personal experience, some of our adopters are interested in regional specialties, and others prefer good food.

;(Talk to Lamiya, optional)
:'''Lamiya:''' Maybe I should adopt an animal too? If only I could keep a Rishboland Tiger...

;(Talk to Zhenchen)
:'''Zhenchen:''' How about you split your gift into two boxes?
;(Submit 3&times; of any [[Local Specialty]])
:'''Zhenchen:''' Okay, we'll pack these specialties into a gift box.
;(Submit 3&times; [[Our Animal Friends#Gameplay Notes|dishes]])
:'''Zhenchen:''' Alright, we'll pack this food into a box and send it out.
:'''Zhenchen:''' Each animal behaves in its own unique way. We don't lock them away in cages. Instead, we employ professional caretakers to monitor their physical condition.
:'''Zhenchen:''' Tracking them down is no easy task. You'll need the special Inscribed Tracker that Ms. Lamiya has developed.
:'''Zhenchen:''' I'm not as knowledgeable as she is in this area, so I'll leave the explaining to her.
:'''Lamiya:''' Agreed. Allow me to explain.
:'''Lamiya:''' The underlying tech behind the Inscribed Mirror is related to the Akasha, and the operational specifics are quite complex, but don't worry, it's tested and safe.
:'''Lamiya:''' We've already attached micro-transmitters to all the animals, so we just need to read the device's signal, and the mirror will reveal all that can be seen from the animal's perspective.
:'''Lamiya:''' This device may need some improvements, but this footage will suffice for us to locate active animals.
:'''Zhenchen:''' That's all there is to it. If you're ready, then we're happy to welcome you to the Claw Convoy!
:'''Zhenchen:''' Use the Inscribed Mirror to find our animal friends. Both our adopters' gifts and the animals themselves will be waiting for you!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Our Animal Friends
|zhs      = 我们的动物朋友
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 我們的動物朋友
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 私たちのアニマルフレンズ
|ja_rm    = Watashi-tachi no Animaru Furenzu
|ja_tl    = Our Animal Friends
|ko       = 우리의 동물 친구
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Nuestros amigos los animales!
|es_tl    = Our Friends the Animals!
|fr       = Nos amis les animaux
|fr_tl    = Our Friends, the Animals
|ru       = Наши друзья-животные
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เหล่าผองเพื่อนสัตว์ของเรา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Người Bạn Động Vật Của Chúng Ta
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Unsere tierischen Freunde
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Teman-Teman Berbulu
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Nossos Amigos Animais
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Hayvan Dostlarımız
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = I nostri amici animali
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

[[pt-br:Nossos Amigos Animais]]
[[ru:Наши друзья-животные]]