{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Exploration
}}
An '''Out of Bounds''' area refers to an area that is made to be impossible for players to get in to. Multiple cases of such areas exist in Genshin Impact, and the game uses various means to prevent players from entering said areas.

==Normal Out of Bounds reaction==
===Open World===
When attempting to travel out of the currently available area of the game indicated by a red border on the map, the screen will progressively gain a dark vignette effect until [[Paimon]] appears and forces the character to travel back into in-bounds areas. While the character is forced to travel back, they cannot be controlled by the player and may therefore be forced to walk off cliffs and fall to their doom without the ability to open the Wind Glider or perform a plunge attack.

The red border will recede and allow players to access more of the [[map]] as players complete more Archon Quests and as more regions are added with [[version]] updates.

Paimon's normal dialogue for entering an impassable area:
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about we explore the area ahead of us later?<ref group="Note">While the voiceline is present from [[A Child's Secret|Venti's story quest]], it is not actually played if the voice language is set to English.</ref>
{{Dialogue end}}

If the player falls out of bounds, it will be treated the same as if they drowned: they will respawn where their stamina was last at max capacity, they will lose all of their energy, and each of their characters will lose 10% of their HP.

===Domains===
If a player falls or glides out of bounds in a [[Domain]], they will be teleported back to the most recently activated Door of Resurrection and all party members will lose 10% of their HP; if no Door of Resurrection is present, they will return to the start of the domain.

==Forced Out of Bounds reaction==
If a player is unable to exit the Out of Bounds area they are in, for reasons such as their path back being blocked by terrain or using exploits that make them being unable to stop moving towards a certain direction, the game will automatically teleport them back to a predetermined in-bounds area after a few seconds. Note that unlike in normal Out of Bounds reactions, forced Out of Bounds reactions will neither drain the stamina nor the HP of any of the party members.
*On the [[Teyvat]] map, they will be teleported to the [[Teleport Waypoint]] south of [[Springvale]].
*On the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]] (1.6) map, they will be teleported to the [[Door of Resurrection]] on [[Pudding Isle]].
*On the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] (2.8) map, they will be teleported to the main camp on [[Broken Isle]].
*On the [[Enkanomiya]] map, they will be teleported to the Teleport Waypoint at the entrance south of [[The Serpent's Bowels]].
*On the [[The Chasm/Underground Mines|The Chasm: Underground Mines]] map, they will be teleported to the Teleport Waypoint at the entrance west of [[Ad-Hoc Main Tunnel]].

The [[Serenitea Pot]] notably lacks this behavior, and will not teleport back players even if they go deep into the Out of Bounds zone.

==Special Out of Bounds reactions==
There exist unique out-of-bounds reactions that can be triggered.
*Attempting to reach the bottom of [[Decarabian]]'s tower in [[Stormterror's Lair]] will teleport the player back to a nearby wind current, as Paimon warns them not to get close to the area. Currently, there is no way to access the bottom of the tower in the open world.
**Paimon will say "Watch out! Don't go near there!"
*Attempting to reach the [[Skyfrost Nail]] area before completing [[In the Mountains]] by scaling [[Dragonspine]] will result in Paimon remarking that it's far too cold, before the player is forced to teleport away. This no longer happens once the area is unlocked.
**Paimon will first say "S&mdash;S&mdash;So cold..." then "M&mdash;Maybe we... Sh&mdash;Should look for another way up the mountain..."
* Prior to completing [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter|Imperatix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]], attempting to enter or leave [[Inazuma]] through the ocean will result in a [[Climate#A Nation Closed by Thunder|storm]] forming which will teleport the player back to [[Liyue Harbor]] or [[Ritou]], respectively.
* During ''[[Chasm Spelunkers]]'', Paimon will prevent players from leaving the [[Ad-Hoc Main Tunnel]], saying "Paimon would love to explore further in, but we should probably finish Jinwu's commission first."
* Several invisible barriers in [[The Chasm/Underground Mines|The Chasm: Underground Mines]] prevent the player from going up too high.
** After a certain height, Paimon will say "There's nothing here. Should we go back first?"
** If the player manages to bypass the invisible barrier at the entrance of the underground mines and climbs further up, Paimon will say "It's just rock wall after rock wall in here. It'll take us ages to get back to the surface. Why don't we just use the crane instead?"

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}