{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Story Quest Amber A1 Outrider Style.png
|id            = 00485
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lepus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 5
|act           = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|character     = Amber
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = They Call Him Raptor
|domain        = The Reward for Courage is Flight
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 6,175
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Teachings of Freedom|5}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|3}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|7}}{{Card|Gliding Instruction Manual|1}}
|characters    = Amber;Paimon;Raptor;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Outrider Style''' is the fifth and final part of [[Amber]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lepus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Wind, Courage, and Wings]].

==Steps==
# Enter [[Raptor]]'s Hideout
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[The Reward for Courage is Flight]]
# Talk to Amber
# Defeat all opponents
# Hunt down Raptor
# Glide over the chasm
# Track down Raptor and arrest him!
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Raptor|text=Treasure Hoarders: Raptor - Flying Thief On The Horizon}} {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger;Treasure Hoarders: Scout;Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer}}
# Talk to Amber
# Go to the Cathedral to get your gliding license
# Talk to Amber

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During your pursuit, you track [[Raptor]] to his hideout. You plunge into its depths without hesitation. Time to bring this criminal to justice.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter Raptor's Hideout)
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' There's only one way over there. Raptor must be up ahead.
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' However, it looks like the only way we can catch up is if we glide.
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But there's a ton of enemies below... They'll definitely attack us after we take off.
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' If we're gonna do this, {{Color|buzzword|we'll have to glide and defeat them in one fell swoop}}...
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' (Traveler), you still had one stage to go in your exam, right?
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, but what's that got to do with anything?
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' How about we make this the third and final stage of your gliding exam, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure that's how the exam is supposed to go!?
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's a custom version of the exam for (Traveler), designed by yours truly!
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 07b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Besides, the normal version of the exam wouldn't be fit for the hero of Mondstadt {{MC|himself|herself|mc=1}}!
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' So, what do you say, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Watch me nail this exam.
:{{DIcon}} Watch me nail Raptor.
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Woohoo! Good answer.
:{{A|vo ablq005 2 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Traveler, prepare for take off! Raptor awaits you once you {{Color|buzzword|defeat all these enemies}}, then that gliding license is yours!

----

;(After defeating opponents)
:{{A|vo ablq005 3 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Nice! You breezed through it.
:{{A|vo ablq005 3 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Traveler is a natural. I knew you'd do fine.
:{{A|vo ablq005 3 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' All that's left now is to grab ourselves a Raptor &mdash; let's go!

----

;(Upon reaching the dead end)
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It looks like there's no way across... Ugh, he must be around here somewhere.
:{{A|vo ablq005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amber, over there!
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 guainiao 01.ogg}} '''Raptor:''' If you insist on chasing me, so be it... Huh? Who brought here the little girl?
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You must be Raptor! You can't escape!
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 guainiao 02.ogg}} '''Raptor:''' Haha, I don't need to escape! There's no way you can make it over here.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh... It is pretty high... and quite far...
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 guainiao 03.ogg}} '''Raptor:''' Oh, little girl, why don't you run along home now and let your leader deal with this? Don't worry, I promise that once the Grand Master gets here, I'll surrender immediately! Haha!
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey, watch it! You're talking to a Knights of Favonius Outrider! You'll be sorry when I arrest you!
:{{DIcon}} Deep breaths, Amber.
:{{DIcon}} Let's examine our surroundings &mdash; just like you taught me.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...You're right.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ugh... He's right there in front of us... If only we could glide across.
:{{A|vo ablq005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So how did HE get across?
:{{DIcon}} Some sort of mechanism?
::{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 06a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I don't see a mechanism, and I have good eyesight.
::{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 06a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Besides, there's nowhere on the ledge that you could build one.
:{{DIcon}} Some kind of elemental magic?
::{{A|vo ablq005 4 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, can you see anything with you Elemental Sight...? No? Oh, okay... Never mind...
:{{DIcon}} A grappling hook, or spikes, or something?
::{{A|vo ablq005 4 paimon 03c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it's too far to glide, it's definitely too far for anything like that.
::{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 06c.ogg}} '''Amber:''' There's also no sign of an anchor point.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 guainiao 04.ogg}} '''Raptor:''' Bye-bye, kiddo.
:{{A|vo ablq005 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! He's getting away!
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' We can't hesitate any longer. The only way to get across is to glide there.
:{{A|vo ablq005 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... but...
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Don't worry &mdash; I'm the Gliding Champion of Mondstadt, remember! If Raptor can do it, I can do it too.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 guainiao 05.ogg}} '''Raptor:''' Oi, Outrider! You have less chance of surviving this than jumping off the Anemo God statue in Mondstadt without your wind glider! Haha!
:{{DIcon}} I'm with Amber.
:{{DIcon}} This will take some serious guts, but it's not completely impossible.
:{{A|vo ablq005 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sees your point (Traveler)... If you rule out everything that's completely impossible, gliding is the only idea left.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' (Traveler), remember that book I lent you? The one I thought was the gliding manual, but wasn't?
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The first birds couldn't fly. Flight was their reward for their courage to plunge into the canyon.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Be my witness.
:{{DIcon}} Go! Go! Outrider!
:'''Amber:''' Roger! Let's show this guy what an Outrider is made of!
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 guainiao 06.ogg}} '''Raptor:''' Wait... Stop! You'll never make it! Come on, off you go now, back home like a good little girl.
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 12.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 13.ogg}}--> '''Amber:''' Raptor says I'll never make it. But, if you listen carefully...
:{{A|vo ablq005 5 ambor 14.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The wind! The wind says I WILL make it, and that's good enough for me!
:;(Gliding over the chasm)
:{{A|vo ablq005 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amber, no! You're gonna fall! You're gonna fall&mdash;!
:{{A|vo ablq005 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* It's a wind current! Sh&mdash;She's gliding, Amber's gliding!
:{{A|vo ablq005 6 guainiao 01.ogg}} '''Raptor:''' You're crazy, kid! You must have known about the wind current. There's no way you would have jumped otherwise!
:{{A|vo ablq005 6 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The wind takes care of those who have courage. Now, sit still and await your arrest &mdash; like a good little boy!

----

;(After defeating Raptor and the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Alright! I got him!
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I only noticed the wind current from in the air &mdash; and it's the only one.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It would be suicide to try and escape in the direction Raptor was going.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' In other words, the only way Raptor could have gotten out would be this way &mdash; past us.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha! So he was just trying to fool us by acting smug, in the hope that we would just give up and leave.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Little did he know, we're not so easily fooled.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It was all thanks to (Traveler)'s sharp thinking! Just like a wise man once said, "Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth."
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' At the end of the day, gliding is seven parts technique, three parts instinct &mdash; and then 90 parts courage.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What you did now looked more like 99 parts courage...
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ah, it was just like in my first gliding exam... I was super nervous, but in the end, there was nothing to be afraid of and I passed no problem.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I kinda missed that nervous rush in the exams I've done since then... It just wasn't the same.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Erm, sorry &mdash; Paimon thought you said you passed no problem? What do you mean, exams since then?
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ah... Well you see, the thing is, Mondstadt is all "no glide zone" this, "no landing zone" that...
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' *sigh* Every time I get my license it keeps getting revoked. I must have taken the exam about 15 times altogether..
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But I always pass the first time. I guess my little gliding manual ain't so bad after all!
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...(Traveler), let's go and get a copy of the real gliding manual from Acting Grand Master Jean some time.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good.
:{{DIcon}} I feel sorry for Jean...
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 12.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I'll head off first because I need to escort Raptor back to the city.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 ambor 13.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Once you're back in the city don't forget to come find me at the Cathedral. I'll issue your gliding license there.
:;(After Amber leaves)
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She just can't sit still, can she? Guess that's why she's the Outrider.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When this is all done and dusted, let's head to the Cathedral in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo ablq005 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Getting this gliding license has turned into quite the adventure.

----

;(Talk to Amber inside Mondstadt Cathedral)
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Congratulations, here is your gliding license! You're officially legal now, yay!
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I'm not surprised though, you are a natural after all.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, it was easy.
:{{DIcon}} I actually put a lot of effort into this.
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh &mdash; and I'll sign you up for the next Wind Gliding Championship!
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I glide so fast that no one can keep up &mdash; it's just me up there, on my own, gliding around... It's kinda boring.
:{{DIcon}} Cool. I'm definitely gonna win.
:{{DIcon}} You won't stand a chance of winning if you sign me up.
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ooh... Fighting talk! Heh. It seems you have no idea how terrifying the championship really is...
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Well, until I kick your butt in the championship, I wish you a happy, liberating, and above all law-abiding gliding experience.
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Make sure you obey the rules. Whatever you do, don't get your license revoked...
:{{A|vo ablq005 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh brother... If you ask me, that's a bit rich, coming from Amber...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Tutorial/Outrider Style}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1 = https://youtu.be/bPjgx10xvWE
|caption1 = The Reward for Courage is Flight Domain Guide (6 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Outrider Style
|zhs     = 侦察骑士的作风
|zhs_rm  = Zhēnchá Qíshì de Zuòfēng
|zht     = 偵察騎士的作風
|zht_rm  = Zhēnchá Qíshì de Zuòfēng
|zh_tl   = Scouting Knight's Way of Doing
|ja      = 偵察騎士のやりかた
|ja_rm   = Teisatsu Kishi no Yarikata
|ja_tl   = Scouting Knight's Way of Doing
|ko      = 정찰 기사의 풍격
|ko_rm   = Jeongchal Gisa-ui Punggyeok
|ko_tl   = Scout Knight's Wind-class
|es      = El estilo de los exploradores
|es_tl   = The Style of the Explorers
|fr      = Comme une Éclaireuse
|fr_tl   = Like a Scout
|ru      = Так работают скауты
|ru_tl   = That's How Scouts Work
|th      = สไตล์อัศวินลาดตระเวน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tác Phong Của Kỵ Sĩ Trinh Thám
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wie es Kundschafter machen
|de_tl   = How the Scouts do it
|id      = Gaya Outrider
|id_tl   = Outrider Style
|pt      = Estilo Aventureiro
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kaşifler Böyledir
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Stile da Vigilante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:El estilo de los exploradores]]
[[ja:偵察騎士のやりかた]]