{{EventTabs}}

==Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens==
{{Transclude|Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens (Quest)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Photo-Taking==
===Not Time-Limited===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(If photo is taken without meeting all the requirements)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... This image doesn't look right somehow...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's try again.

;(Complete '''The Seventh Samurai''' and '''The Seven Great Elements''' and talk to Asagiri){{Verify|After the day these final targets were unlocked, was dialogue always available? (As opposed to the dialogue in the Time-Limited section)}}
:'''Asagiri:''' What an ingenious idea to take a picture from this angle! It's great!
:'''Asagiri:''' I do hope Mr. Xavier'll like my posters.
:'''Asagiri:''' He says he'll use these posters to promote his film.
:'''Asagiri:''' I can't remember its name. Uh... The story seems to center around a samurai.
:'''Asagiri:''' Anyway, I hope everything goes well with the shooting.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Time-Limited===
These dialogue lines were only available to players who completed the listed Targets before the next Targets became available.<!--Dialogues for previous days can be missed as only dialogue for the latest day will appear.-->
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Complete '''Legend of the Wind Knight''' and '''Legend of the Wind Knight II''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Thanks for bringing me the pictures. What a lovely place Mondstadt is!
:'''Asagiri:''' Look at that huge tree... How I wish I could stand in its shade and draw...

;(Complete '''Wangshu Inn''' and '''Schemes Beneath the Dragon's Spine''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Thank you. Wow! I've never imagined an inn as big as this one...
:'''Asagiri:''' To be able to build an inn out in the wild and manage it so well, it's owner must be a very capable person...
:'''Asagiri:''' The panoramic view of the snow mountain is the very definition of perfection!
:'''Asagiri:''' Awesome! I'm gonna draw a big panoramic picture of it!
:'''Asagiri:''' Then I'll send a smaller one to Ms. Moriko. She has always loved the sight of snowy mountains.

;(Complete '''The Proper Use of Thunder, Lightning and Blades''' and '''The Fable of Qingce Village''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' To think you could catch this split second when the lightning strokes &mdash; you're such a pro.
:'''Asagiri:''' Well I'm quite curious about the Great Wolf King of the North...

;(Complete '''Aporia of the Valley''' and '''The Rockeater''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' What a most unusual angle... Thank you. Without you, I could've never thought of drawing it this way.
:'''Asagiri:''' Finally got some ideas for several of my illustrations. Let's hope Miss Moriko isn't in a hurry...

;(Complete '''The Rockeater: Ape Cliff''' and '''The Rockeater: Twilight''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Thank you for taking pictures for me. Miss Moriko came by again the other day to check my progress.
:'''Asagiri:''' Somehow everyone's started writing light novels lately.
:'''Asagiri:''' I heard that new manuscripts kept coming in at [[Yae Publishing House]] and a few rising stars had emerged.
:'''Asagiri:''' *sigh* I gotta match their spirit. I might make myself a bit more popular if I draw illustrations for a well-written novel.

;(Complete '''To the Deep Rock: I''' and '''To the Deep Rock: II''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Another busy day of picture-taking, isn't it? Thank you so much.
:'''Asagiri:''' Speaking of which, I met a writer whom I'd drawn illustrations for.
:'''Asagiri:''' He says he's writing a novel with the theme of sword fighting and is looking for someone to design the costumes and scenes for him.
:{{DIcon}} How do you find his novels?
:'''Asagiri:''' Hmm... He's an excellent writer. His editor says he's like a poet.
:'''Asagiri:''' Wonder if he's in the poet mode when writing this novel...
{{Dialogue end}}