{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41336
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)*100
|characters    = Bibo; Degui; Linling; Manager Xiao; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''Outspoken Linling''''' is the eighth request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the fourth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Linling]]
# Give three [[Xiao Lantern]]s to Linling
# Head over to [[Manager Xiao]]
# Give a Xiao Lantern to Manager Xiao
# Head over to [[Degui]]
# Give a Xiao Lantern to Degui
# Head over to [[Bibo]]
# Give a Xiao Lantern to Bibo

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Linling]] from [[Liyue Harbor]] seems to be troubled by something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Linling)
:'''Linling:''' Hmm, I suppose I should go find them for more inspiration...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Linling:''' I'm helping some people think of suitable things to write on their Xiao Lanterns.
:'''Linling:''' You know how everyone releases Xiao Lanterns during the Lantern Rite festival, right? Well, they also write things on the lanterns too, like wishes, or blessings, and the like...
:'''Linling:''' To fit the festive atmosphere, some people like to try and give their written wishes and blessings some... umm, you know...
:'''Linling:''' Some literary flair, you know what I mean?
:'''Linling:''' Bibo, Manager Xiao, and Degui have all asked me to spruce up their festive wishes with some literary talent and write them on Xiao Lanterns for them.
:'''Linling:''' But I certainly won't be inspired to write anything decent by just staying cooped up here.
:'''Linling:''' So I was thinking I'd prepare the Xiao Lanterns first, then go observe the people that have requested the lanterns. This way, I'll be able to better tailor each person's wishes to their needs.
:'''Linling:''' But I'm not very good at making Xiao Lanterns...
:{{DIcon}} Allow me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm quite a pro at this.
:'''Linling:''' Oh, would you? Then if you could, please help me make three Xiao Lanterns.
:'''Linling:''' Once the lanterns are ready, we'll go see our patrons to find some inspiration on what to write for their wishes.
:'''Linling:''' Hehe, I already have some ideas in mind, they just need a little... creative zest!
----
;(Talk to Linling again)
:'''Linling:''' How are the Xiao Lanterns coming along? Have you prepared three of them?
:;(Give the Xiao Lanterns)
:'''Linling:''' Good, these will be perfect. Let's start by finding Manager Xiao, shall we?
----
;(Approach Manager Xiao)
:'''Linling:''' There's Manager Xiao, let's watch from here and see what he's up to.
:'''Linling:''' Hmm, let me think... I know Manager Xiao pretty well, it won't take me long to write his wish.
:'''Linling:''' Here, how does this sound...
:'''Linling:''' "A shriveled old man with the heart of a shark"...
:{{DIcon}} What!?
:{{DIcon}} Y&mdash;You can't be serious...
:'''Linling:''' "But underneath his impersonal cloak lies a warm and caring heart."
:{{DIcon}} Oh?
:{{DIcon}} I think we've heard enough...
:'''Linling:''' I've even come up with a title, too... "A Nice Person, Indeed."
:'''Linling:''' So? Pretty fitting, don't you think? Even though Manager Xiao appears to be fierce, he's actually a nice person...
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any alternatives to consider as well?
:'''Linling:''' No, just this one... I can't seem to think of how to continue with this theme, though.
:'''Linling:''' Would you like to give it a try?
:'''Linling:''' The first phrase is "Down at the dock, his steely gaze inspires awe in the hearts of the young"...
:{{DIcon}} "But he sleeps like a rock and snores like a bear when the working day is done."
:'''Linling:''' Hmm, not bad... That'll do just fine. Now all we need is a title...
:{{DIcon}} Uh... "Peaceful as a Slumbering Mountain"...
:'''Linling:''' Oh! I never would have guessed you had such literary talent. These lines are perfect!
:'''Linling:''' Just wait a moment while I write this on the Xiao Lantern...
:'''Linling:''' Alright, that does it. Let's go give the lantern to Manager Xiao.
----
;(Talk to Manager Xiao)
:'''Manager Xiao:''' Ah, hello Linling. Do you need anything?
:'''Linling:''' Remember how you asked me to come up with some lines for you on a Xiao Lantern? Well, the Traveler and I have just finished preparing everything.
:'''Linling:''' See, we've even written the words on the Xiao Lantern for you.
:'''Manager Xiao:''' Oh thank you very much, let me read it...
:'''Manager Xiao:''' "Down at the dock, his steely gaze inspires awe in the hearts of the young"... "But he sleeps like a rock and snores like a bear when the working day is done."
:'''Manager Xiao:''' "Peaceful as a Slumbering Mountain"... Hehe, that's pretty good, thank you!
:'''Linling:''' You're welcome, Manager Xiao. I still have another verse that I wrote myself. Here, let me read it to you...
:{{DIcon}} Alright, I think we'd better be going now! We've still got other people to see, you know...
:{{DIcon}} Um, we still have more lanterns to deliver!
:'''Linling:''' Oh, right! Well then, our next patron is Degui. Let's go.
:'''Linling:''' The verses for Degui will be my finest work yet! I'll tell you more once we find him.
;(Talk to Manager Xiao again)
:'''Manager Xiao:''' "Peaceful as a Slumbering Mountain"... that's pretty good!
----
;(Approach Degui)
:'''Linling:''' I see Degui over there. Let's observe for a minute, shall we?
:'''Linling:''' Have you ever met Degui? I know him best by the drinks he sells in his shop...
:'''Linling:''' I've actually already thought about what I would write for him. Here, have a listen:
:'''Linling:''' "Third-Round Knockout is what people say"...
:{{DIcon}} Okay...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good so far...
:'''Linling:''' "But just three bowls will leave you in dismay"...
:'''Linling:''' Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} So far so good...
:'''Linling:''' The title is... "All in All, a Good Guy"
:{{DIcon}} W&mdash;Wait a second!
:{{DIcon}} That's no good at all!
:'''Linling:''' No good? Well, I did come up with another line, but I'm not sure how to continue it...
:'''Linling:''' Perhaps you'd like to give it a go?
:'''Linling:''' The first line I've come up with is "An indulgent bowl of rich rice wine"...
:{{DIcon}} How about, "Topped with pearly white dumplings so fine."
:'''Linling:''' Oh, that's quite good. How about the title?
:{{DIcon}} "Extravagant but Elegant."
:'''Linling:''' "An indulgent bowl of rich rice wine, topped with pearly white dumplings so fine"... "Extravagant but Elegant"
:'''Linling:''' Not bad, not bad at all. You certainly have a talent for writing. Let me write this all on the lantern now...
:'''Linling:''' There! Now we've ready to give the lantern to Degui.
----
;(Talk to Degui)
:'''Degui:''' Ah, Linling. What can I do for you?
:'''Linling:''' Remember you asked me to write some lines for your Xiao Lantern? Well, the Traveler and I have just finished preparing everything.
:'''Linling:''' We've even written everything on the Xiao Lantern for you, so... Here you go.
:'''Degui:''' Oh, great! Thank you. Let me read what you've written here...
:'''Degui:''' "An indulgent bowl of rich rice wine, topped with pearly white dumplings so fine"... "Extravagant but Elegant"...
:'''Degui:''' It reads quite nicely, yes... Very nice, indeed. Thank you!
:'''Linling:''' You're very welcome. We have the Traveler to thank here for all the inspiration.
:'''Linling:''' By the way, I have another verse I came up with by myself that I've written down on this note. You may read it later when you have the time.
:'''Degui:''' Sure! Thanks a lot, you two. I need to get back and look after my business now.
:'''Degui:''' "Third-Round Knockout is what people say, but just three bowls will leave you in dismay"...
:'''Linling:''' Alright, our next patron is Bibo, he also asked me to make him a Xiao Lantern.
;(Talk to Degui again)
:'''Degui:''' "Third-Round Knockout is what people say, but just three bowls will leave you in dismay"...
:'''Degui:''' That's actually pretty good...
----
;(Approach Bibo)
:'''Linling:''' That's Bibo just up ahead, let's keep an eye on him from here.
:'''Linling:''' Hmm, I've heard that he's always involved in some mysterious business, but he's quite a nice guy...
:'''Linling:''' I've already come up with a verse that is suitable for him.
:'''Linling:''' "By day, he tends to his business like a crafty rat"...
:{{DIcon}} Huh?
:{{DIcon}} W&mdash;Wait...
:'''Linling:''' "But by night, you discover that he's not so bad."
:{{DIcon}} Oh no.
:{{DIcon}} No, I really don't think you...
:'''Linling:''' Oh, and the title... "He's a Jolly Good Fellow."
:{{DIcon}} No, please stop!
:{{DIcon}} That won't work at all!
:'''Linling:''' No good, huh? Well, this was the more complete version I was able to come up with... I have another one that's not quite finished yet.
:'''Linling:''' It's a little bit plain and could use some creative flair.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hear it, I'll see what I can do...
:'''Linling:''' Okay, here it goes: "With goods so fresh he sways to and fro..."
:{{DIcon}} "No one sells produce like ol' Bibo"...
:'''Linling:''' Oh! That's a good one, but how about a title?
:{{DIcon}} How about "Bibo's Seaside Market"?
:'''Linling:''' "With goods so fresh he sways to and fro. No one sells produce like ol' Bibo"... Titled "Bibo's Seaside Market."
:'''Linling:''' "By day, he tends to his business like a crafty rat. But by night, you discover that he's not so bad"... Titled "He's a Jolly Good Fellow."
:'''Linling:''' Hmm, now that I hear them side-by-side, I'm starting to think that yours sounds a bit better. My verse is a bit too vivid, not something you'd typically write on a Xiao Lantern.
:'''Linling:''' Alright! Let me just write your verse on the lantern and we'll be ready to give it to him.
----
;(Talk to Bibo)
:'''Bibo:''' Oh, it's you, Linling. Any progress on the lantern...?
:'''Linling:''' Don't worry, the Traveler and I have already taken care of it. Here you go!
:'''Bibo:''' Oh, that didn't take you any time at all. Thank you, let me read what you've written on it...
:'''Bibo:''' "With goods so fresh he sways to and fro. No one sells produce like ol' Bibo." Not bad, that sounds just like me!
:'''Linling:''' I have another verse here that I wrote too, you can have them both.
:'''Bibo:''' Another one? Let me see, hmm...
:'''Bibo:''' "By day, he tends to his business like a"... Hey! Wh&mdash;What are you tryna...
:'''Linling:''' What do you think? It's quite fitting, isn't it? If you like that one too, you could make another Xiao Lantern and write it on yourself.
:'''Bibo:''' Ahem! No thanks, I must get going...
:;(Bibo leaves)
:'''Linling:''' Well, that does it for all the Xiao Lanterns. Thanks for your help.
:'''Linling:''' Everyone seemed to enjoy them. It seems you have a lot of literary skill, just like me.
:'''Linling:''' *sigh* There are not many in this city that could compose couplets with me like you just did.
:'''Linling:''' If you ever have the time, please feel free to visit me again. We can continue working on more poetry together.
:{{DIcon}} Uh, will do...
:'''Linling:''' Good. Now I just need to come up with something to write on my own lantern, hehe. I won't need your help this time though, I'll be able to manage it myself.
:'''Linling:''' Oh, I nearly forgot... these are for you. Consider them a token of my appreciation. It was nice to have someone accompany me during the festival. Thanks again!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* This quest is based on the practice of writing {{w|Duilian (poetry)|''duilian''}} (a type of Chinese couplet) for Lunar New Year &mdash; which are specifically called {{w|Fai chun#Chunlian (Spring couplets)|''chunlian''}}. This form of poetry has certain constraints with respect to how each character in the first line matches with the corresponding character in the second line.
** The Chinese name of this quest uses the term {{Zh|s=绝对|t=絕對|rm=juéduì|lit=severed couplet}} (translated below as "unmatchable phrase") which refers to a line that is very difficult to write a matching second half for. This is often due to special additional constraints in the first line that make it especially difficult to match. However, in the quest, it seems that Linling simply cannot come up with a second line.
** Traditionally, ''duilian'' are written vertically on either side of main doorways instead of on lanterns.
** The {{Lang|"title"|zh=题头|zh_rm=títóu}} mentioned in the quest refers to an additional third, shorter line which is sometimes included horizontally over the doorway, usually as a summary, supplement, or finishing touch.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Outspoken Linling
|zhs     = 霖铃的「绝对」
|zhs_rm  = Línlíng de "Juéduì"
|zht     = 霖鈴的「絕對」
|zht_rm  = Línlíng de "Juéduì"
|zh_tl   = Linling's "Unmatchable Phrase"
|zh_note = {{Zh|s=绝对|t=絕對|rm=juéduì}} (translated here as "unmatchable phrase") refers to a line of poetry that is meant to be the first half of a {{w|Duilian (poetry)|''duilian''}} (a type of Chinese couplet) which is very difficult to write a matching second half for. This term can also literally mean "certainty, absoluteness."
|ja      = 霖鈴の「絶対」
|ja_rm   = Rinrin no "Zettsui"{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Linling's "Unmatchable Phrase"{{Sino|ja|part=1}}
|ko      = 임령의 「확신」
|ko_rm   = Imryeong-ui "Hwaksin"
|ko_tl   = Linling's "Conviction"
|es      = La determinación de Linling
|es_tl   = Linling's Determination
|fr      = Cette Linling...
|fr_tl   = Oh Linling...
|ru      = Прямота Линь Лин
|ru_tl   = Linling's Straightforwardness
|th      = ความแน่นอนของ Linling
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự tuyệt đối của Linling
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Linling nimmt kein Blatt vor den Mund
|de_tl   = Linling Doesn't Mince Her Words
|de_note = The German idiom literally means "doesn't take a paper in front of the mouth."
|id      = Determinasi Seorang Linling
|id_tl   = A Linling's Determination
|pt      = A Determinação de Linling
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ru:Прямота Линь Лин]]