{{About|the event World Quest|the [[Version 2.6]] Event|Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|title         = Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens
|image         = Event Quest Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|event_name    = Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens/2022-04-01
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30 or above
* Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
* Complete [[Snapshots]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens]] event.
|characters    = Asagiri; Traveler; Paimon
}}
'''''Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks an event of the same name, [[Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens]].

==Steps==
# Go look at the person drawing
# Talk to [[Asagiri]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A girl named [[Asagiri]] from Inazuma seems to be troubled by something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approaching Asagiri)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? (Traveler), look. Someone's drawing on the street.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders what she's drawing... Let's take a look.

;(Talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' *cough* No... This is still no good... It won't do...
:'''Asagiri:''' Any further delay and I'll miss the next submission deadline... *sob*...
:{{DIcon}} Hello...
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me...
:'''Asagiri:''' Huh!?
:'''Asagiri:''' I'm sorry&mdash;soooo sorry! I will submit it today!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Hang on, we...
:'''Asagiri:''' Miss [[Moriko]], please just give me...
:'''Asagiri:''' Huh? So you aren't Miss Moriko... Thank goodness... Ugh *coughing*
:{{DIcon}} So who is Miss Moriko...
:'''Asagiri:''' Miss Moriko is my executive editor.
:'''Asagiri:''' My name is Asagiri. I'm a, um, a freelance illustrator of sorts. Miss Moriko is... the executive editor in charge of my work.
:'''Paimon:''' An illustrator? What does that mean?
:'''Asagiri:''' I suppose you've read some light novels of [[Yae Publishing House]], haven't you?
:'''Asagiri:''' Have you noticed that a light novel usually contains a few pages of pure pictures?
:'''Asagiri:''' Such pictures are what we call illustrations, and those who draw them are illustrators.
:'''Asagiri:''' To serve an important scene or plot, or to give the protagonist a face, some authors will have people draw them an illustration.
:'''Asagiri:''' The illustration not only creates a more immersive reading experience but also enriches the novel.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it now. It's no simple business to make light novels...
:'''Asagiri:''' I can recommend a few novels to you! For example... ahem! *coughing*
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:'''Asagiri:''' I'm fine. I've never been very healthy &mdash; with all the midnight-oil burning and meal skipping during my work...
:'''Asagiri:''' *cough* As a result, my health keeps deteriorating...
:'''Paimon:''' Since you're unwell, why are you still working here out in the open? Can't you draw at home?
:'''Asagiri:''' I'm here to gather some inspiration.
:'''Asagiri:''' My muse has left me recently. I've missed the deadlines for a few illustrations.
:'''Asagiri:''' Miss Moriko has postponed the deadlines for me several times. She'll be so mad if I dare delay any further.
:'''Asagiri:''' I was thinking that maybe a walk in the open would bring my muse back, so I decided to go on a trip.
:'''Asagiri:''' But as it turned out... Haha... You see, it hadn't taken long before I ended up in this miserable state...
:'''Asagiri:''' *sigh* I'd better put up a request at the [[Adventurers' Guild]] and see if any adventurer with a [[Kamera]] can help out.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Speaking of the Kamera...
:{{DIcon}} I do have one...
::'''Asagiri:''' Really!? You have a Kamera?
:{{DIcon}} But what can it do?
:'''Asagiri:''' I&mdash;I wanted to have an adventurer take pictures for me using the Kamera!
:'''Asagiri:''' I've heard about many fascinating locations out there &mdash; say, the lofty snow mountain near [[Mondstadt]] and the area in [[Liyue]] where there are many pillars...
:'''Asagiri:''' And what's more! There's this place named "[[Jueyun Karst]]." They say that the adepti live there!
:'''Asagiri:''' The abode of the adepti... The thought of it gives me thrills...
:'''Asagiri:''' But sadly, my health doesn't allow me to really go there...
:'''Asagiri:''' However, if you can capture their sceneries with the Kamera, I can surely... Ugh *coughing*
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Take it easy!
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} I will work this out.
:'''Asagiri:''' Really!? That's wonderful! There are many places on my wish list. Gimme a second. Let me find the list.
:'''Asagiri:''' And don't you worry about the finances. I have quite some savings.
:'''Asagiri:''' Where is my notebook? Where is it? My notebook...

;(Talk to Asagiri again)
:'''Asagiri:''' H{{sic|-|hide=1}}Hello! I'm counting on you to bring my muse back!
:'''Asagiri:''' If I delay again, I bet Miss Moriko'll... *sob*
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Jornadas Além da Tela (Missão)]]
[[ru:Мир за рамками холста (задание)]]