{{Event Tabs|rootpage=Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens/2022-11-16|gallery=0}}

==Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens: Greenery Chapter==
{{Transclude|Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens: Greenery Chapter (Quest)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Open World Interaction Dialogue==
These dialogue lines were only available to players who interacted with them before they change locations.<!--dialogue can be missed, similar to Asagiri-->
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Tartaglia]] near the [[Chinju Forest]] photo-taking location)
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Whew, it's finally done. I have to catch up with the others...
:{{DIcon}} Tartaglia?
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Ah, {{Traveler}}? Haha, you're just in time. I'm chasing after the powerful "Great Mujina Youkai" with some new comrades I met.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, the Great Mujina Youkai?
:{{DIcon}} Where did you hear that name?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Why, from those comrades of mine, of course. Apparently, this extremely powerful youkai has been wreaking havoc across rural Inazuma. Whenever it comes across a child who has snuck outside to play, it starts teasing them.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' You know, things like tying their shoelaces together, or turning mud and roots into fruits on a tree then tricking the children into eating them...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Sometimes, it even dispatches a few mini mujina and has them turn into parents or teachers to frighten the children.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Anyway, there's no way I'm gonna let such a formidable youkai run loose.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' If you have time, why not join us on our pursuit of the Great Mujina Youkai?
:{{DIcon}} So these "comrades" of yours...
:{{DIcon}} Could one of them be Yoimiya?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Oh? So you know Yoimiya too? What a coincidence...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Anyway, now's not the time for chitchat. Yoimiya and the others are looking for the Great Mujina Youkai's tracks up ahead.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' It's my responsibility to bring up the rear, and ensure the Great Mujina doesn't attack us from behind in a fit of rage.

;(Talk to [[Yoimiya]] near the Chinju Forest photo-taking location)
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 matsuzaka 01.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' It's not here either...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 saika 01.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Uhh, Yoimiya... A&mdash;Are you sure the Great Mujina's nearby?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 saika 02.ogg}} '''Saika:''' If so, d&mdash;does that mean we're in its territory now? Oh, I&mdash;I'm scared...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't be scared! There's a whole group of us here, and we brought lots of fireworks too. If anything, the Great Mujina Youkai is the one that should be afraid!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 iwao 01.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Yep, and Tartaglia is watching our backs! There's nothing to be afraid of...
:{{DIcon}} Um, sorry to interrupt...
:{{DIcon}} Look! It's the Great Mujina Youkai!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 matsuzaka 02.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Ahh! Yoimiya!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 saika 03.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Aah! Yoimiya! Yoimiya!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 iwao 02.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Tartaglia, help! It's the Great Mujina Youkai!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 02a.ogg}} {{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 02b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's not a youkai! It's {{Traveler}}. You've met {{MC|m=him|f=her}} before, remember?
:{{DIcon}} Are you tracking the Great Mujina Youkai?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's right, the Great Mujina Youkai has been getting pretty bold lately. It's even starting to trick people in broad daylight.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Not only did it scribble all over Iwao's homework and get him in trouble at school, it also stole Saika's snacks and broke Matsuzaka's toys.
:{{DIcon}} (Sounds like the kids are the ones behind all this...)
:{{DIcon}} (It's probably the kids pulling pranks on each other...)
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 iwao 03.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Yeah, that's why we're here with Yoimiya! We're gonna chase that Great Mujina Youkai away for good!
:{{DIcon}} About Tartaglia...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, him. Um... We specially invited him to be our "Anti-Mujina Specialist."
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Fireworks can only do so much... They may scare it away, but if we want it gone for good, we need the help of a real professional.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 iwao 04.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Tartaglia is so cool! He becomes like a watery blur when he fights. All you hear is WOOSH WOOSH POW! And then all the monsters are defeated!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 iwao 05.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' *sigh* If only he could teach me a few of his moves...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, why don't we ask him after we've taken down the Great Mujina Youkai!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But right now, our priority is to search for evidence of this youkai and trace it back to its lair.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 iwao 06.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' And then... we'll be able to tackle it head on! Right, Yoimiya?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's right. We'll defeat it together!
:{{DIcon}} Uh, Tartaglia is actually...
:{{DIcon}} Tartaglia's true identity is...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Shh, keep your voice down. Don't let Iwao and the others hear you.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' He's one of the [[Fatui Harbingers]], right? [[Sakujirou]] mentioned him to me before... and I heard about everything that happened in Liyue, too.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I know that he might be dangerous... But he saved Iwao, and the kids all warmed up to him right away. He even happily agreed to help us find the Great Mujina Youkai.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I've heard that the Fatui are all really scary and dangerous... You know, like the kind of people you'd want to avoid the moment you lay eyes on them.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But Tartaglia isn't like that at all, he's really nice to the kids. He even had an in-depth discussion with them about the Great Mujina Youkai's combat skills...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' From my point of view, it doesn't seem like he's just pretending to be nice. I think the kids would agree &mdash; they believe he's a kind, reliable grown-up.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No matter what Tartaglia's true identity might be... he's doing something good right now, and I think he deserves to be treated accordingly.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But don't worry, I'm not gonna let my guard down!
:{{DIcon}} Just let me know if you run into any trouble.
:{{DIcon}} No need to worry, I can deal with him.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Okay, thanks! It's great to have you around.
----
;(Talk to Tartaglia or Yoimiya near the [[Narukami Island]] photo-taking location)
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I see... Yeah, this will make a wonderful gift.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' [[Yae Publishing House]] released several new novels recently. [[Shigeru]] told me that a good number of them are children's fairy tales &mdash; perfect for reading aloud to kids.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, and [[Ogura Mio]] has just received a new batch of silk. She might've come up with some new kimono designs.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But do you still remember what size [[Tonia|your sister]] wears? The kimono might look a little off if you get the size wrong.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Lemme think for a second, I've bought clothes for her plenty of times before... That's it, I believe it's...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Ah, hold on &mdash; she's having her growth spurt at the moment... She probably doesn't fit into anything I've bought her in the past anymore.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's okay if you don't know her exact size. You can always just buy her a few bolts of silk instead! Who knows, maybe she'd like that even better.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 23.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh! And why don't you take some fireworks with you as well? I just finished creating a new design that's both pretty and relatively quiet. I'm sure your siblings are gonna love it!
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 24.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hmm... What else should you get them... lemme think.
:{{DIcon}} What are you two doing?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Oh, it's you. Yoimiya was just recommending some Inazuman specialties for me to bring back as souvenirs.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' If it weren't for her, I wouldn't have the slightest idea what to buy.
:{{DIcon}} So how did you two meet?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Hehe, talk about a coincidence. I happened to be passing through Inazuma while taking care of some... work. I wanted to grab some presents for my younger siblings while I was here, but I couldn't decide on what to buy.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' [[Teucer]] once told me that he wanted to hold an [[Onikabuto]], so I decided to go catch one of those little bugs first.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' As I was looking for Onikabuto in the forest, I saw a child playing all on his own... and he was headed straight for a camp of monsters.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' So I stopped the child, dealt with the monsters, and then he led me back to Yoimiya.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' After that... Well, I was designated as the "Anti-Mujina Specialist."
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' It's a shame the kids' parents came and took everyone back home, saying that they'd had enough adventures outside. *sigh* Our hunt for the youkai came to an abrupt end.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 22.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' The ship I'll be leaving on will arrive in Inazuma in just a few days. Then it'll be my turn to go back home.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 23.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Oh, by the way, Yoimiya, can you recommend a few local beverages as well?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 25.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Local beverages? But you're going to be on a ship for quite some time, right? Beverages spoil easily... How about bringing some snacks with a longer shelf life? Something like [[Tricolor Dango]] or [[Sakura Mochi]], for example.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 26.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Saika loves Tricolor Dango, but the adults in her family always scold her for eating too many and spoiling her appetite.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 24.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Teucer used to be like that too. After having too many snacks, he'd refuse to eat his meals and end up getting yelled at by Father...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 25.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Anyways, thanks Yoimiya. I gotta make sure I have enough Mora for all this.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 tartaglia 26.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Two kimonos, three bolts of silk, one novel, five boxes of snacks... Oh, and the Onikabuto as well.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 27.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You really care a lot about your family, Tartaglia...
:{{DIcon}} Did anything weird happen?
:{{DIcon}} Is everything alright?
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 28.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, you mean with Tartaglia? Nah, everything's fine. He took great care of the kids and even promised Iwao he'd teach him a few moves with a sword.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 29.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Though, I have to say... It's amazing you have so many friends from all over the world.
:{{DIcon}} It's not that many, really...
:{{DIcon}} It's because I'm always traveling...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 30.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You're so lucky... I'd travel all across the world too if I had the chance. I want to see all that there is to see and make friends with all kinds of people... I would even go on adventures with them, just like you do...
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 31.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But for now, I have to stay home with my pops, so I won't be traveling far anytime soon.
:{{A4|vo dialog pzwq001 yoimiya 32.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't keep it a secret next time you come to Inazuma, okay? Just be sure to visit Naganohara Fireworks first and tell me all about the amazing things you've seen on your journey.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Photo-Taking==
These dialogue lines were only available to players who completed the listed Targets before the next Targets became available.<!--Dialogues for previous days can be missed as only dialogue for the latest day will appear.-->
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Complete '''Pathological Author''' and '''Shadow Over Luhua Pool''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' I admire how these novelists manage to stay so creative, but I wish they wouldn't forget to take good care of their health...

;(Complete '''Seventeen Fleets''' and '''She Still Lingers in This World Where I Have Faded''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Can you really see the eyes of the two statues in Luhua Pool clearly from afar?

;(Complete '''The Rockeater: Cloud Devouring''' and '''Please! It's the Mushrooms!''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Port Ormos is so lively! How I wish I could be there myself...

;(Complete '''Historia Naturalis Sumeru''' and '''Legend of the Wind Knight III''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' I hope that this author's new work will sell well. He has really spent a lot of time and effort on this...

;(Complete '''My Archaeological Notes''' and '''The Seventh Samurai''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' The author of The Rockeater has always been in good health. Archon even knows how he stays that way...

;(Complete '''Wind-Dial''' and '''Witness in the Sand''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Agh... Miss Moriko actually came to ask me if we should go to the desert to play...
:'''Asagiri:''' Seriously, though... what's there to play "with" in the desert...?

;(Complete '''Unsubstantiated Law''' and '''Wangshu Inn''' and talk to Asagiri)
:'''Asagiri:''' Phew. That romance novel author finally agreed to give this some more thought.
:'''Asagiri:''' But I still have to do that illustration... *sigh*
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Мир за рамками холста/2022-11-16/История]]