{{Event Tabs}}
{{See Also|Genshin Concert/2023 Melodies of an Endless Journey}}
{{Event
|name              = Overture of Wandering Notes
|image             = Overture of Wandering Notes.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-09-12 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-10-19 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/112961
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230704concert-h5/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Come listen to the familiar melodies and help Paimon find the lost Notes!}}
'''Overture of Wandering Notes''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.0]].

==Event Duration==
September 12, 2023 12:00:00 – October 19, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
Listen to the melodies and name the corresponding songs to obtain Lost Notes. Find all 3 of the Lost Notes to obtain [[Primogem]]s ×40.

==Gameplay Details==
# Follow the instructions to listen to the melodies and name the corresponding songs to obtain Lost Notes. Find all 3 of the Lost Notes and you'll be able to claim Primogems ×40.
# If you're finding it difficult, you can get hints from Paimon.
# Find all of the Lost Notes and share this event to obtain a Commemorative Character-Themed Concert Ticket.

==Event Rewards==
{{Card|Primogem|40|show_caption=1}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The Commemorative Character-Themed Concert Ticket cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please remember to claim it in time.
# Primogem rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.
# It is recommended that you open this event over a Wi-Fi connection due to the large amount of resources required. The first time it loads may take some time. Thank you for your patience.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Overture of Wandering Notes
|zhs     = 寻音序曲
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 尋音序曲
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 音符探しの序曲
|ja_rm   = Onpu Sagashi no Jogyoku
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 떠도는 음표의 서곡
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Obertura de notas errantes
|es_tl   = Overture of Wandering Notes
|fr      = Prélude d'une recherche mélodique
|fr_tl   = Prelude of a Melodic Research
|ru      = Увертюра странствующих нот
|ru_tl   = Overture of Wandering Notes
|th      = อารัมภบทแห่งท่วงทำนอง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm Kiếm Giai Điệu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Suche nach den entkommenen Noten
|de_tl   = Search for Escaped Notes
|id      = Lagu Pengantar Nada yang Berkelana
|id_tl   = The Prelude of the Wandering Notes
|pt      = Abertura das Notas Errantes
|pt_tl   = Overture of Wandering Notes
|tr      = Kayıp Notaların Peşinde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Preludio di note erranti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[fr:Prélude d'une recherche mélodique]]
[[pt-br:Abertura das Notas Errantes]]
[[ru:Увертюра странствующих нот]]
[[vi:Tìm Kiếm Giai Điệu]]