{{Event Tabs}}
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:Paimon: Where have all those pesky Notes gone? How are we supposed to hold a concert without all the Notes!? Traveler, we need to find them all!
:Paimon: It looks like Albedo and Diona are up ahead. Let's go ask them!
:Paimon: Albedo, Diona! Long time no see! Are you guys dressed up for the concert? You haven't seen a bunch of Notes skulking around by any chance, have you?
:Diona: I've seen some indeed! Even the fastest Note couldn't escape my eagle eyes! So you lost them huh... 
:Diona: Why didn't you say so earlier? I'd have stopped 'em for ya!
:Albedo: Don't fret, Diona! Why don't we play the song we've been practicing for the concert? We might be able to lure those Notes out of hiding...

;(Select the correct song to retrieve the Lost Note)
::a. "Fragile Fantasy"
::b "Frail Expectation"
::c. "Delicate Hope"

;(Select incorrect song)
::Paimon: That doesn't seem right, Traveler. Paimon seems to remember this song's name is about {{Color|pyro|something purely imaginary}}

;(Select a. "Fragile Fantasy")
::Paimon: Great job, Traveler!
----
:Paimon: Albedo and Diona's song was amazing! Let's keep looking for the remaining Notes!
:Tartaglia: Hey, comrade! Are you looking for this?
:Paimon: It's Tartaglia! You somehow managed to catch it!
:Tartaglia: Don't mention it. But given it's such a rare pleasure to run into you, why don't we stop for a little test? If you pass, I'll hand over the Note. I'm sure you're up to it!
:Eula: If you don't know this one, I might just have to subject you to the Lawrence Clan's infamous Music Theory Training Course.

;(Select the correct song to retrieve the Lost Note)
::a. "Never-Ending Performance"
::b. "Rapture of the Chaos"
::c. "Wrath of Monoceros Caeli"

;(Select incorrect song)
::Paimon: You might have to think about that again... Such an intense song must have something to do with  {{Color|pyro|anger}}

;(Select c. "Wrath of Monoceros Caeli")
:Paimon: Traveler, you're the best!
----
:Paimon: It seems like they're not really trying to catch us out. Hehe, Paimon thinks they're just looking for an excuse to play their song for us...
:Paimon: Xiao and Ganyu! Looks like the Liyue adepti are also here for the concert!
:Xiao: You look like you might be looking for this? Here, Ganyu and I caught it earlier.
:Xiao: But actually... could we ask for a favor? Music isn't my forte, so I was hoping you could give me some tips.
:Ganyu: S—Same here! We've practiced for ages, but you'll be our first real audience!

;(Select the correct song to retrieve the Lost Note)
::a. "Liyue"
::b. "Liyue Harbor"
::c. "Wangshu Inn"

;(Select incorrect song)
::Paimon: Paimon's sure she's heard this one somewhere in {{Color|pyro|Liyue}}... Whoa, the Notes really start resonating when they come together like that!

;(Select a. "Liyue")
::Paimon: You've gathered all the Notes! Let's take them to the concert now~
----
:Paimon: We bumped into so many people along the way, Paimon almost forgot it was Zhongli who asked us to retrieve these Notes! Let's go find him~

;(Click Zhongli to return the score)
:;(Claim Reward {{Item|Primogem|x=40}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Commemorative Character-Themed Concert Ticket==
{|class="article-table"
!Character
!Description
|-
|Tartaglia
|To me, a symphony is like a clash of musical notes.<br><br>Oh? It's all about harmony and collaboration you say?<br><br>Haha, then let's head over together. Perhaps we'll both galn a fresh perspective.
|-
|Diona
|Surely none of those drunkards will be at the concert, right?<br><br>It's just, I've never attended such a grand event before. Do you think there's anything particular we need to... I—I mean, I don't need you to teach ME anything, obviously!
|-
|Ganyu
|I haven't been out on duty for so long. I didn't forget to bring anything, did I?<br><br>Oh! Thank you for Inviting me!<br><br>Just double checking...<br>Our task today really is just listening to music?
|-
|Zhongli
|I came over as soon as I heard that such a magnificent spectacle was being put on.<br><br>Music is food for the soul... Would you care to join me?
|-
|Xiao
|You want my company?<br><br>Sure.<br><br>I don't know much about music though, so you'll have to help me appreciate It.
|-
|Eula
|So, Interested in the Lawrence Clan's Music Theory Course after all?<br><br>How about I fill you in on some fundamentals before the concert?<br><br>No napping during class, or else...
|-
|Albedo
|I tried playing some instruments during the Windblume Festival, but this performance is clearly more formal.<br><br>Would you like to try it out with me?
|}

[[pt-br:Abertura das Notas Errantes/História]]
[[ru:Увертюра странствующих нот/История]]
[[vi:Tìm Kiếm Giai Điệu/Cốt Truyện]]