{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72663; 72668
|image         = Event Quest Over the Moon.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|event_name    = Lunar Realm
|part          = 4
|prev          = By Thy Pale Beams I Solitary Rove
|next          = 
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|characters    = Kujirai Momiji; Paimon; Traveler
|rewards       = Moonstringer*1;Glowgrass Bait*20;Adventurer's Experience*4;Mora*10,000
}}
'''''Over the Moon''''' is the fourth quest of the [[Lunar Realm]] event. Completing this quest unlocks the final challenge of the event, '''Reeling in the Moonlight'''.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Kujirai Momiji]]
#Go to the beach that Kujirai Momiji mentioned at night
#*Wait until nighttime (19:00&ndash;22:00)

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description| Kujirai Momiji invites you all over. She seems to have come to some conclusion...}}
;(Talk to Kujirai Momiji)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' There you are, sorry to bother you again.
:{{DIcon}} You look well.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Haha, thanks for the compliment. I kind of thought it through.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Perhaps, some things just can't be forced.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Can you accompany me to the western beach tonight? I have something for you.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, is it some kind of sea treasure!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' You'll see.
----
{{Quest Description|update| After the plan to draw out the Lunar Leviathan failed, [[Kujirai Momiji]] left the shore in frustration. But today, she has asked you to come and join her once more &mdash; has she got her head back in the game, or does she have something else planned?}}
;(Approaching the beach)
:'''Paimon:''' It should be around here.

;(Talk to Kujirai Momiji at the beach during nighttime)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' We're here. This is where my father went to sea for the last time that year. It was a night like this too, and I never saw him again after that.
:'''Paimon:''' You miss him a lot, don't you? Is your wish to see your father again?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Haha, I do miss him, but the people of the sea will have to return to the sea one day.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' But my wish is to become a fisherman who surpasses my father.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' When I was young, I always wanted to sail with my father, but he would only let my mother take me back. He sometimes even took the neighbor's son, and was not willing to take me.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' He always said, "Momiji, don't hang around on the beach, go do something girls should do." Or he would say, "Take the money and buy a dress, don't run to the boat all the time."&nbsp;...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' But I didn't understand. Why? What are things that girls should do?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I can buy candy, pick flowers, and be a little princess.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' But can't I go on an adventure, go far out to sea, or explore the ocean?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' The more my father didn't want me to do it, the more I wanted to. After my father left, I became a fisherman.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Those seas he couldn't explore, I'll explore {{sic|then}}. Those large fishes he couldn't catch, I'll catch them.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I will inherit the fishing methods of the Kujirai family. I will carry on the name of the Kujirai family of fishermen.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Even if the legend of the "[[Lunar Leviathan]]" is just a legend, I won't stop there.
:{{DIcon}} I believe you will succeed.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Thank you.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Since the divine fish is not here, I will pour my wishes into the sea. I think my father will see it.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Do you have any wishes? Let's do this together, write down your wishes, stuff them into a drifting bottle, and throw it out with all your might. They will come true one day.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow&mdash; Does this really work?
:'''Paimon:''' But [[Paimon]] has so many wishes, which one to write... Paimon's so torn!
:{{Black Screen|Eventually, you throw the drifting bottle with the wish written within into the ocean.}}
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Sorry for bothering you during this time! I don't even know how to thank you. Here are some gifts, I hope you don't mind...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow&mdash; Look, what's that!
:'''Paimon:''' What a big school of fish! They're glowing, they seem to like our drifting bottles!
:'''Paimon:''' When these guys gather together, it's like a big moon in the sea!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' These...these fish, they are "[[Moonfin]]s"...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Oh! I know...I know! So this is the "Lunar Leviathan!"
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? This is the "Lunar Leviathan?"
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' That's right, I would never forget the way it looked. Its starry moonlit dots...That year that "Lunar Leviathan" also appeared under [[Jiawei]] when he dropped the drift bottle.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' No wonder, after all these years, no one's been really able to catch the "Lunar Leviathan!"
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Because it turns out, it is just composed of a school of "Moonfins."
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Those "Moonfins"...Who would have thought they would like an ordinary drifting bottle?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, maybe they like the wishes that people pour into the bottles.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Haha! Perhaps, well then watch me Kujirai Momiji catch them all!
:'''Paimon:''' We want to come too! Let us help!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' In that case, allow me to give you this fishing rod. It was specially made by the Kujirai family in pursuit of the "Lunar Leviathan".
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Although it is far from being able to express my gratitude to you, but it is a small token of my appreciation.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Let's use it to catch all the "Moonfins"!
----
;(After completing the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' That's great. In a way, everyone who has pursued the "Lunar Leviathan" can be regarded as having their wishes fulfilled.
:{{DIcon}} Are you all done?
:'''Paimon:''' You see you see, hasn't Jiawei found a healthy wife?
:'''Paimon:''' [[Nantuck]] also became a reputable author because of the book on the "Lunar Leviathan," although its contents are wrong.
:'''Paimon:''' Kujirai Momiji became the most well-known fisherwoman in [[Inazuma]] and did what her father could not &mdash; catching the "Lunar Leviathan."
:'''Paimon:''' So Paimon feels, {{Traveler}}'s will come true too! Tee-hee!
:{{DIcon}} What did Paimon wish for just now?
:'''Paimon:''' Can't say! Can't say! If Paimon says it out loud, it won't come true!
:{{DIcon}} The "Lunar Leviathan" won't be that stingy.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm&mdash; Ok, listen carefully! Paimon will only say it once!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's wish is for your wish to come true.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't hear you, what did you say?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon isn't going to repeat herself! Paimon wants to get some candy~ Lalala~
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Over the Moon
|zhs     = 月盈之刻
|zhs_rm  = Yuè Yíng zhī Kè
|zht     = 月盈之刻
|zht_rm  = Yuè Yíng zhī Kè
|zh_tl   = Moment of the Full Moon
|ja      = 盈月の刻
|ja_rm   = Eigetsu no Toki
|ja_tl   = Time of the Full Moon
|ko      = 만월의 순간
|ko_rm   = Manwol-ui Sungan
|ko_tl   = Moment of the Full Moon
|es      = Plenilunio
|es_tl   = Full Moon
|fr      = Pleine lune
|fr_tl   = Full Moon
|ru      = За луной
|ru_tl   = Over the Moon
|th      = เหนือแสงแห่งจันทรา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Thời Khắc|时刻}} Trăng Tròn
|vi_tl   = Full Moon Moment
|de      = Über dem Mond
|de_tl   = Over the Moon
|id      = Mengejar Rembulan
|id_tl   = Chasing the Moon
|pt      = Acima do Luar
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Plenilunio]]
[[ja:盈月の刻]]
[[pt-br:Acima do Luar]]