{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Owe Mora, Pay Mora.png
|npc           = Goth
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = Complete [[Beyond This World's Stars]]
|other         = 
|region        = Mondstadt
|characters    = Goth; Paimon; Traveler; Wyratt; Sara; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Mona
}}
'''Owe Mora, Pay Mora''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Goth]]
# Give Goth the timber
#* Give Goth {{Item|Fir Wood|x=1}} and {{Item|Birch Wood|x=1}}
# Pay [[Mona]] a visit
#*Choose one of the three versions: Favonius Library, Good Hunter, or Katheryne.
#*The last, Mona's version, will unlock after completing the previous three versions.
'''Favonius Library Version'''

# Look for Mona in the library
# Ask [[Wyratt]] about Mona's whereabouts
# Report back to Goth

'''Good Hunter Version'''

# Go to [[Good Hunter]] to look for Mona
# Report back to Goth

'''Katheryine's Version'''

# Ask [[Katheryne]] about Mona's whereabouts
# Report back to Goth

'''Mona's Version'''

# Talk to Mona
# Give the rent to Goth
# Talk to Mona

==Notes==
The final version, where you talk to Mona, will not unlock until the first three versions have been completed.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be troubling [[Goth]]...}}
{{Dialogue start}}

:'''Goth:''' *sigh* I suppose I might have to sort this out myself...
:'''Goth:''' Ack, these old bones will fall apart at this rate...
:{{DIcon}} Is there some urgent matter?
:'''Goth:''' Oh, Traveler? Well, this... I wouldn't call it "an urgent matter," but it is getting out of hand for sure...
:'''Goth:''' As you know, those Fatui have my hotel fully booked.
:'''Goth:''' And as you know, I, as the boss of the [[Goth Grand Hotel]], have to attend to them.
:'''Goth:''' I coordinate food catering, repairs, and a slew of miscellaneous matters besides.
:'''Goth:''' Lately, some rooms have had their furniture damaged, so I've had to contact people to bring the appropriate timber to some carpenters.
:'''Goth:''' Then there's the matter of collecting rent on a few apartments... and the matter of my lad [[Marvin]] being nowhere to be found.
:'''Goth:''' *sigh* I wonder how long I can last... Or when that boy will finally grow up...
:{{DIcon}} I'll lend you a hand.
:{{DIcon}} You rest here first.
:'''Goth:''' You're willing to help? Ah, that's wonderful!... *sigh* If only that loud Marvin had as good a head on his shoulders as you. That would've spared me much trouble...
:'''Goth:''' In that case, could I trouble you to fetch some Fir Wood and Birch Wood? I'll need to have them sent to the carpenters soon.

:'''Goth:''' Have you obtained the timber? I just need one set of Fir Wood and another of Birch Wood.
;(Provide Goth the Fir Wood and Birch Wood)

:'''Goth:''' Thank you so much. These should do. Now to send them off to the carpenter... Oh. Right! I need to collect rent as well...
:'''Goth:''' *sigh* I just wonder if that... As... Astromona, or whatever she was called, will be in this time...
:{{DIcon}} It's Mona Megistus, the Astrologist
:'''Goth:''' Right! Yes, that was her name... Ugh. It's a bit long, if you ask me.
:'''Paimon:''' Mona hasn't paid her rent, you say?
:'''Goth:''' Well, that's just the thing, see? All my other tenants have already paid theirs. She's the only one left.
:'''Goth:''' I came by a few times previously, but she wasn't in.
:'''Goth:''' So please, Traveler, help me go down there and urge her to pay up soon, would you?

;(Talk to Goth again)
:'''Goth:''' As... Astro... Hmm, what was her name again?

;(If the first three quest versions have been completed, proceed to [[Owe Mora, Pay Mora#Mona Version|Mona version]]. Otherwise, continue.)
----
;(Pay Mona a visit)
:'''Paimon:''' Mona, are you home?
:{{DIcon}} Mona, it's rent time!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, Mona really doesn't seem to be home...
:'''Paimon:''' That's weird. Isn't she cooped up in that house most of the time? Is she out on some business?
:'''Paimon:''' ...Or maybe she's unable to come to the door, faint from hunger as she is?
:{{DIcon}} I doubt things are that bad.
:{{DIcon}} Didn't she say that she's found some way to make money?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Is that so?
:'''Paimon:''' But where should we go to find Mona...
:{{DIcon}} The Knights of Favonius Library, I'd say.
::'''Paimon:''' The library... Ooh, that's right! The library's a pretty big place. Maybe she's looking for research materials in there!
::'''Paimon:''' Well, time to get moving!
:;(Proceed to [[Owe Mora, Pay Mora#Favonius Library Version|Favonius Library Version]])
:{{DIcon}} Good Hunter. I hear there's salad to be had there.
::'''Paimon:''' Good Hunter... Hmm... Right, maybe she's gone there for some salad. There's go have a look.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, that's assuming she has enough Mora on hand to buy salad...
:;(Proceed to [[Owe Mora, Pay Mora#Good Hunter Version|Good Hunter Version]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's just go to Katheryne directly.
::'''Paimon:''' Katheryne, huh? That's a good pick for sure &mdash; she knows basically everything, after all!
::'''Paimon:''' Well, let's get going!
:;(Proceed to [[Owe Mora, Pay Mora#Adventurers' Guild Version|Adventurers' Guild Version]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Favonius Library Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon reaching the lower floor of the library)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, no sign of Mona. Lisa isn't in, either.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go ask that Knight at the door. Maybe he's seen Mona.

;(Ask Wyratt about Mona's whereabouts)
:'''Wyratt:''' Hello, How may I assist?
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me, have you seen a girl who looks something like this...

:'''''You describe Mona's distinguishing features to Wyratt...'''''

:'''Wyratt:''' Oh! I know who you're talking about. It's the girl with the really big hat!
:'''Wyratt:''' She often comes by to consult some of the texts we keep here. She spends the whole day reading, so she's quite the memorable patron.
:'''Wyratt:''' That said, she hasn't swung by recently. I doubt you'll find her hereabouts...
:{{DIcon}} Seems we're a little late.
:'''Wyratt:''' If she does come by, I'll make sure to tell her that you're looking for her.
:'''Wyratt:''' That's all I can do for you in this case, unfortunately...
:{{DIcon}} No problem. Thank you.
:'''Wyratt:''' Think nothing of it.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, looks like Mona's not in the library. Guess we've got to tell Goth that we couldn't find her...
;(Proceed to [[Owe Mora, Pay Mora#Ending|Ending]])

{{Dialogue end}}

===Good Hunter Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Good Hunter to look for Mona)
:'''Sara:''' Hi there! Would you like to order anything?
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me, have you seen a girl who looks something like this...

:'''''You describe Mona's distinguishing features to Sara...'''''

:'''Sara:''' Oh, you mean Mona, don't you? At one time, she came by every evening to grab some salad &mdash; she sometimes even asked me for an extra egg or two.
:'''Paimon:''' Guess she's as short of Mora as ever, huh...
:'''Sara:''' She hasn't come once in the past few days, though.
:'''Sara:''' If you're in a hurry to find her, I can pass a message on to her for you the next time she comes by to get salad.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
:'''Paimon:''' Look like Mona hasn't been to Good Hunter. Ugh, guess we've got to go tell Goth that we couldn't find her today...
;(Proceed to [[Owe Mora, Pay Mora#Ending|Ending]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Adventurers' Guild Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Ask Katheryne about Mona's whereabouts)
:'''Katheryne:''' Hello, how may I help you?
:{{DIcon}} Have you seen Mona recently?
:'''Katheryne:''' Mona? Hmm... No, I can't say I have...
:'''Katheryne:''' If you're in a hurry to find her, why not post a commission here at the Guild?
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, but we'll look for her ourselves.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. Katheryne's got no clue where Mona is. Guess it's back to Goth to tell him that we couldn't find her today...
;(Proceed to [[Owe Mora, Pay Mora#Ending|Ending]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Report back to Goth)
:'''Goth:''' How did it go? Were you able to find that Ast... Well, your friend?
:{{DIcon}} She doesn't seem to be home today.
:'''Goth:''' Well, alright that. She doesn't really owe that much rent. We can put it off for a few days.
:'''Goth:''' Ah, yes. Please take these for your help in the meantime.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Mona Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Pay Mona a visit)
:'''Paimon''': Hey, over there! That's Mona! Looks like she's about to leave home!
:'''Paimon''': Mona, wait a moment!
;(Talk to Mona)
:'''Mona''': Ah, it's you. It's been a while.
:'''Mona''': Strange, you seem to be in a hurry. Were you looking for me, by any chance?
:'''Paimon''': Where have you been, Mona?
:{{DIcon}} We've been looking for you these last few days.
:'''Mona''': Oh, that was... rather inopportune of you. A few days ago, The Steambird sent me a request for a new manuscript.
:'''Mona''': The topic in question was "celestial shifts and their relation to a person's changing fates."
:'''Mona''': As such, I have largely been out studying the stars these past couple of days, only returning well after dark.
:'''Paimon''': Looks like Mona's working for that Mora...
:'''Mona''': W&mdash;Well, I mean, there's this new celestial globe from Fontaine that I've put down an order for. I've even paid the deposit already.
:'''Mona''': Once I get the Mora from submitting this manuscript, I should be able to settle the balance and claim the celestial globe.
:{{DIcon}} Well, don't forget about your rent payment to Goth...
:'''Mona''': Rent?
:'''Mona''': Oh! I, um.... Surely, I've put some Mora aside for this...
:'''Mona''': Give me a moment...
;(Mona rifles through her purse)
:'''Mona''': These here... and these! There, that should cover it!
:{{DIcon}} (She's practically emptied her pockets here...)
:'''Mona''': Right, then. Help me pass this Mora to Goth, would you?
;(Obtain [[Light Purse]])

;(Talk to Mona again)
:'''Mona''': There isn't much left on the food budget. Good thing I made a few more servings of salad yesterday...
----
;(Give the rent to Goth)
:'''Goth''': How did it go? Were you able to find that Ast... Well, your friend?
:{{DIcon}} Here's the rent.
:'''Goth''': Ah, good, good. This will do. Thank you very much.
:'''Goth''': That said, might I ask what it is that your friend does for a living?
:'''Goth''': She seems like the capable sort, and yet she always appears short on Mora...
;(Hand over [[Light Purse]])

;(Talk to Goth again)
:'''Goth''': All the rent has been collected. I suppose I can rest for a while now...
----
;(Talk to Mona)
:'''Mona''': You're back. I assume Goth has been paid?
:{{DIcon}} That he has.
:'''Mona''': That's good. Thankfully, the rent on this house isn't particularly expensive. I was just barely able to scrounge up the necessary Mora as things stood.
:'''Mona''': That said, I suppose I'll be subsisting on salad for a few more days...
;(Obtain [[Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life)]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Owe Mora, Pay Mora
|zhs     = 应付尽付
|zhs_rm  = Yīng Fù Jìn Fù
|zht     = 應付盡付
|zht_rm  = Yīng Fù Jìn Fù
|zh_tl   = What Can Be Paid Should Be Paid
|ja      = 払うべきものはすべて払う
|ja_rm   = Harau Beki Mono wa Subete Harau
|ja_tl   = Pay All That Should Be Paid
|ko      = 지불해야 될 건 지불하자
|ko_rm   = Jibulhaeya Doel Geon Jibulhaja
|ko_tl   = Pay What You have to Pay
|es      = Si debes, pagas
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Les bons comptes
|fr_tl   = Good Reckonings
|fr_note = This comes from the idiom ''les bons comptes font les bons amis'' "good reckonings make good friends", equivalent to "{{wt|short reckonings make long friends}}".
|ru      = Должен - верни
|ru_tl   = (He) Owes - (You) Give Back
|th      = เป็นหนี้ต้องรีบใช้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Debts Must be Quickly Paid
|vi      = Chi Trả Triệt Để
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Mora schulden, Mora bezahlen
|de_tl   = Owe Mora, Pay Mora
|id      = Bayarlah yang Seharusnya Dibayar
|id_tl   = Pay What Should Be Paid
|pt      = Se deve, pague
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[fr:Les bons comptes]]
[[ru:Должен — верни]]