{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Oz.png
|realname         = Ozvaldo Hrafnavins<ref name="OzName" group="Note">Oz's name has been inconsistent throughout the game, with [[Fischl/Lore|Fischl's lore]] and the event quest ''[[Immernachtreich Apokalypse]]'' depicting it as ''Ozvaldo Hrafnavins''; [[Fischl/Voice-Overs|Fischl's English voiceovers]] depicting it as ''Ozvaldo von Hrafnavins''; [[Fischl/Voice-Overs/Chinese|the Chinese version]] of the game and the event quest ''[[What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals]]'' depicting it as ''Ozvaldo Hrafnavines''; and [[Ein Immernachtstraum]] depicting it as ''Osvaldo Hrafnavins''. For this article, ''Ozvaldo Hrafnavins'' will be used.</ref>
|type             = Quest NPC
|region           = Mondstadt
|element          = Electro
|title            = Night-Severing Raven
|voiceEN          = {{w|Ben Pronsky}}<ref name="Oz EN/JP-VA">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1330345930227388416 EN & JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://baike.baidu.com/item/%E8%B5%B5%E6%82%A6%E7%A8%8B/56230792 Zhao Yuecheng ({{zh|赵悦程}})]<ref>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV11d4y1Q7BU {{zh|《原神》剧情PV-「辉金盛夏」}}] Video Description</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Yasunori Masutani|Masutani Yasunori ({{ja|増谷 康紀}})}}<ref name="Oz EN/JP-VA" />
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:이현 (성우)|Lee Hyun ({{ko|이현}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/genshinimpactkr/status/1330345835234615296 KR VA Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Ozvaldo Hrafnavins''',<ref name="OzName" group="Note" /> typically shortened to '''Oz''', is [[Fischl]]'s night raven familiar and companion. Rather unusually, he is capable of speech; currently, the only other known familiars like him are [[Baizhu]]'s [[Changsheng]] and the [[Traveler]]'s [[Paimon]].

He is summoned into battle through Fischl's [[Elemental Skill]], [[Nightrider]], and [[Elemental Burst]], [[Midnight Phantasmagoria]].

==Profile==
On Fischl's fourteenth birthday, her peers refused to accommodate her role-playing antics and mocked her for it. She sought comfort from her parents, only to meet similar rejection, just as the "Princess Fischl" in her favorite novel did. Torn apart by her parents' words, she hid herself in the library to cry. It was there that she felt the sensation of being watched, and when she looked up, she saw the night raven before her, along with a [[Vision]] &mdash; as if reenacting the events of her novels in reality.<ref name="fischl5">{{Ref/CS|Fischl|5}}</ref>

According to Oz, Fischl created him and gave him his powers, so he is probably a subconscious manifestation of her Vision's power.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Fischl|More About Fischl: IV}}</ref> Oz also shares a soul and fate with Fischl.

===Personality===
In Fischl's presence, Oz plays the role expected of him as depicted in "Flowers for Princess Fischl." He also acts as her "translator," rewording her sentences to make them understandable by those who are unaccustomed to her manner of speech. The task of apologizing on her behalf whenever she says something that could be taken offensively also falls on him.

In private, however, Oz tends to drop the roleplaying and lofty manner of speech. Even he sometimes expresses exasperation with Fischl's role-playing, sighing as he tells the [[Traveler]] about the origins of his name<ref>{{Ref/VO|Fischl|Fischl's Hobbies: Ask Oz}}</ref> and telling Fischl that she says "the strangest of things."<ref>{{Ref/VO|Fischl|Good Evening}}</ref>

It is unclear whether Oz is truly capable of independent thought or if he is a manifestation of her subconsciousness, but people tend to acknowledge him as a separate entity from Fischl, and Oz occasionally says things that make Fischl flustered or that she protests against.

===Appearance===
Oz has the appearance of a purple raven, with grey/white eyes and a prominent crest, who is capable of summoning Electro energy. He has a similar appearance to depictions of [[Kapatcir]], the long deceased Thunderbird of [[Tsurumi Island]], though naturally far smaller in size.

===Powers and Abilities===
When summoned into battle, Oz fires bolts of Electro energy at Fischl's opponents. Fischl is also capable of temporarily taking his form, during which she can see through his eyes and fly. She typically uses this ability to survey the surrounding area or to quickly move around in battle.

Oz is apparently capable of traveling long distances without Fischl as well; according to Fischl, he crossed the ocean and brought [[Sakura Bloom]]s back from [[Inazuma]] for her.<ref>{{Ref/Mail|Mail/Day of Destiny... (2022-05-27)}}</ref>

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* In their voice-overs, the [[Traveler]] jokingly suggests asking Fischl if they can swap [[Paimon]] for Oz, citing his politeness, use as a translator, and fighting skills. Paimon is understandably upset at this suggestion.
* Oz seems to assist Fischl in the same way Paimon assists the Traveler. Even during conversations, he tends to appear and disappear next to Fischl in a burst of Electro and feathers, similar to how Paimon appears and disappears next to the Traveler in a trail of stars.
* Mostly due to the way she acts, Fischl has very few friends; according to her Character Stories, Oz is her first ''true'' friend. The others are [[Bennett]] ("Adventurer Who Bears the World's Curses"), the Traveler ("Visitor From Outer Worlds"), and Paimon ("Strange Fae-shaped Emergency Sustenance").
* {{Character Furnishing Mentions}}

===Etymology===
* The "Hrafna" part of Oz's name translates from Old Norse to "Raven."
* Oz refers to Fischl as "Mein {{w|Fräulein}}," which roughly translates to "my lady." The use of this phrase in this capacity is rather archaic and was reserved to address an unmarried noblewoman.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Oz
|zhs     = 奥兹
|zhs_rm  = Àozī
|zht     = 奧茲
|zht_rm  = Àozī
|ja      = オズ
|ja_rm   = Ozu
|ko      = 오즈
|ko_rm   = Ojeu
|es      = Oz
|fr      = Oz
|ru      = Оз
|th      = Oz
|vi      = Oz
|de      = Oz
|id      = Oz
|pt      = Oz
|tr      = Oz
|it      = Oz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Oz]]
[[ja:オズ]]
[[ru:Оз]]