{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Paimon.png
|type             = Open-World NPC
|name             = Paimon
|realname         = 
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Best Guide
|title2           = Dream Expert
|titleRef2        = <ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dream of Awakening}}</ref>
|title3           = Assistant to the Honorary Senior Researcher
|titleRef3        = <ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble}}</ref>
|title4           = Best Guide in Teyvat
|titleNote4       = self-proclaimed
|titleRef4        = <ref>{{Ref/Quest|Free Verse}}</ref>
|title5           = Paladin of Breezes and Bells
|titleRef5        = <ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Forest and the Princess}}</ref>
|birthday         = June 1st
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm2103271|Corina Boettger]]<ref name="Paimon EN/JP-VA">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1329258096292610049 EN & JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/多多poi Duoduo Poi ({{zh|多多poi}})]<ref>Weibo: [https://weibo.com/6593199887/JrCvxFJjF {{zh|1.1版本PV：「迫近的客星」}}]</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Aoi Koga|Koga Aoi ({{ja|古賀 葵}})}}<ref name="Paimon EN/JP-VA" />
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:김가령|Kim Ga-ryeong ({{ko|김가령}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/genshinimpactkr/status/1329259343783444480 KR VA Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Paimon''' is the deuteragonist of ''[[Genshin Impact]]''. She is an open-world [[NPC]] who accompanies the [[Traveler]] throughout their adventure in [[Teyvat]] as their guide. She met the Traveler when the latter fished her out of the sea, after which she mentions she would have drowned if not saved by the Traveler.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wanderer's Trail}}</ref>

She currently represents ''Genshin Impact'' as its mascot and is used as the icon for the game, its official website, and various social media accounts.

==Profile==
Despite her omnipresence in marketing and player communication, Paimon is something of an enigma with regard to the plot and Teyvat. Nothing is known about her life prior to meeting the Traveler, and even her basic nature is still unclear. It seems that even Paimon herself does not remember these details. What is known according to herself is that she never encountered trouble, and the worse thing that ever happened was that she got 'super tired, got caught in some strange whirlpool and sucked out to sea', which was resolved when the Traveler fished her out.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Soloist's Prologue}}</ref>

Paimon is bubbly, outgoing, but almost a little too honest, somewhat naïve, and occasionally comes off as blunt and rude. She is obvious about who she likes and who she doesn't like, giving "ugly nicknames" to those who annoy her, such as calling [[Venti]] the "Tone-Deaf Bard." Despite this, Paimon cares and comforts the people around her, occasionally acting like a big sister especially towards children. She also shows great enthusiasm for food, rare treasure, and [[Mora]].

Despite occasionally bantering with the Traveler, Paimon is quite attached to them and is shown to be fiercely loyal. She always sticks by their side no matter the danger and tries to keep them on their feet, including against overwhelming odds like [[Archon]]s or the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]. She becomes anxious whenever the Traveler seemingly disappears or is separated from her. Paimon has also revealed that her biggest wish is for the Traveler's wish to come true, and has sworn to stay by their side.

Paimon has implied that she is less than 400 years old.<ref name="threat">{{Ref/Quest|A Familiar Threat|quote='''Paimon:''' [[Carole]]... Didn't [[Neuvillette]] mention her just now? That was more than four hundred years ago! Why would Paimon be a big sister to ([[Kiara]])?}}</ref> She is also heavily implied to originate from beyond Teyvat, much like the Traveler.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Mona|Interesting Things}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Path Through the Storm|quote="Paimon... hmm... What a fascinating being. You two give off not only the essence of wind and earth, but also of... yes... the stars..."}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Book of Esoteric Revelations|quote="But to my eyes, Paimon is just like a little rainbow balloon floating in the air, and her string seems to extend upward, to somewhere above the sky itself..."}}</ref> [[Kukulkan]] also calls her an emissary, but who she is affiliated to is unclear.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty|quote=Perhaps (‍he/she‍) and that little emissary by (‍his/her‍) side will live. Perhaps they will not.}}</ref> However, she remains affected by any changes to [[Irminsul]], which only affects those native to Teyvat.<ref name="boat">{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref><ref name="kabukimono finale">{{Ref/Quest|The Kabukimono's Finale}}</ref>

She is resistant to certain phenomena which would usually require a [[Vision]] or other [[element]]al affinity to withstand, such as concentrated [[Ley Line]] energy<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Unanswerable Problems}}</ref> and [[Abyss]]al contamination.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Past and Future}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Fuel Named "Fate"}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Paimon has a petite body, giving her the look of a fairy. She has thick white hair cropped just above her shoulders, dark purple eyes, and light skin. In some official art, the tip of one of her front hair locks fades to black.

She wears a long-sleeved white jumper, a night-blue cape flecked with stars, and white stockings with white boots. Rose-gold embroidery and decorative cuffs are attached to her jumper, boots, and sleeves. A gold {{w|triquetra}} is embroidered on the front of her jumper. Paimon's accessories are a dark blue hairpin shaped like a star and a rose-gold tiara that levitates above her head like a halo. When she moves, a trail of small floating constellations can be seen.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions
|alias="this thing that follows you around","your little friend",the "Strange Fae-shaped Emergency Sustenance","little floating companion","floating fairy","that pesky little pixie thing"
}}

==Trivia==
* A recurring gag in the game is calling Paimon "Emergency Food."
** The first instance of this can be found in {{Quest|Wind-Riding Knight|showType=0}}, where the Traveler, during their first meeting with [[Amber]], has the option of introducing Paimon as "Emergency Food."
** While having a conversation with [[Little Xing]], he questions if Paimon is "some kind of food?"
** During {{Quest|Friendship in Writing}}, the Traveler is tasked with forming ideas for a short novel based on their travels. For the novel's first chapter, one of the options is "Reincarnated in Another World: Encounters with Airborne Emergency Rations."
* [[Verr Goldet]], the boss of [[Wangshu Inn]], describes Paimon as a "floating elf companion." Notably, she is one of the few characters who remarks on Paimon's appearance, as others tend to refer to her as a "mysterious flying pet" or some other similar term.
** The term Verr Goldet uses in Chinese is {{zh|精灵|rm=jīng​líng}}, which broadly refers to fantastical creatures like elves, fairies, and spirits. This term has also been used to describe [[Barbatos]]' original form before becoming an [[Archon]], [[Klee]] and [[Alice]]'s race, and the [[Oceanid]]s.
** [[Starsnatcher]] describes Paimon as a "talking fairy," or "talking [[mini Seelie]]" ({{zh|会说话的小仙灵}}) in Chinese, though Paimon is confused by this remark about her.
* Paimon's exchange with Venti in {{Quest|State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel|showType=0}}, where she responds to Venti's "Hehe." with "What do you mean 'hehe'?", has been alluded to twice in the story thus far. Once was during the {{Quest|Date's Challenge}} with [[Date]] responding to Paimon with "What do you mean 'hehe'?!", and another was the Traveler's response to Paimon during the Event [[World Quest]] ''[[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas: Two Cities' Recommendations]]''.
* During the Closed Beta Tests, Paimon was used as a spokesperson, replying to the questions and suggestions on the official Facebook page.
* In the image used to announce the end of [[Version/0.0.1|CBT1]], Paimon is featured with an unknown staff alongside her.
* Paimon's role as the mascot of ''Genshin Impact'' is similar to [[w:c:honkaiimpact3:Ai-Chan|Ai-Chan]], the mascot for ''{{w|Honkai Impact 3rd}}'', another game by HoYoverse.
* Paimon represents some parts of the gameplay system in ''Genshin Impact''.
** HoYoverse's official announcement and developer messages are sent by "P·A·I·M·O·N" in the [[mail|mail system]]. This is different from [[Birthday/Paimon|Paimon's own mail]], which is signed simply as "Paimon."
** The pause menu is called the "[[Paimon Menu]]," and is indicated in-game by an icon resembling Paimon's head.
* Despite the Traveler fishing Paimon out of the water at the beginning of the game, [[fishing]] was not released until [[Version 2.1]].
* It is hinted that Paimon cannot swim.
** During {{Quest|Bird's Eye View|showType=0}}, when the Traveler swims to the island in [[Starfell Lake]], she floats above them just over the water.
** During {{Quest|Home of the Hot Springs|showType=0}}, when the Traveler goes into the hot springs with [[Mualani]], Paimon is seen using a pool tube to stay afloat.
* Paimon claims to be "the god of protection," her reasoning being that she considers herself the Traveler's bodyguard.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Traveler|About the Rain on Yashiori Island}}</ref>
* It is jokingly suggested that Paimon has more than one stomach, where one of them specifically contains liquids.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Traveler|About Cider Lake}}</ref>
* From [[Version 3.1]] onwards, when players open the Paimon Menu, they can blow on their PS5 controller's microphone to change Paimon's idle animation. When done enough times, this elicits a comment from Paimon wondering where the "wind" came from, and repeating this in Version 3.2 will eventually have Paimon call out the player.
* The symbol on Paimon's clothing is an upside-down triquetra, one of the prominent [[symbols in Teyvat]]. She also bears the celestial motif on her sleeves and boots.
** Paimon's headpiece shares design elements with a fully-upgraded [[Statue of The Seven]]. The ring that forms around the statue at Level 10 has the same design as the ring that forms the base of her headpiece, while the vertical protrusion on her headpiece is a simplified version of the diamond-shaped leaf motif that appears upon upgrading the statue to Level 6.
* Paimon shares her birthday with [[Arataki Itto]] on June 1, International Day for Protection of Children, a widely celebrated holiday for children in countries such as Armenia, Burma, Cambodia, China, Ethiopia, Mongolia, Russia, and Portugal. The two sharing their birthdays on this date may relate to their childlike nature and soft spot for children.
* Paimon's nickname, Flying Lavender Melon, given to her by Itto during {{Quest|The Unexpected Guest|showType=0}}, is referenced in the [[Heizou Talks Fraud#Ending: The Three Undeceivables|The Three Undeceivables]] ending quote of [[Heizou]]'s [[Hangout Event]].
* Paimon has a "hidden stash" of funds in her shoes,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Hustle and Bustle}}</ref> as well as an Emergency Backpack, though it is unclear where she keeps it.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lost in the Woods}}</ref>
* Paimon dislikes being alone.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival|quote=Paimon: Paimon waited for you for hours and hours at the city wall, and you never came back! You promised Paimon that you were only taking a quick look! *sniff*}}</ref>
* While mostly absent from [[Hangout Event]]s, she does make an appearance in: 
** {{Quest|Wellspring of Healing}}
** {{Quest|Chivalric Training}}
** {{Quest|Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)}}
** {{Quest|Trap 'Em by Storm}}
* Paimon is known by these aliases:
** Emergency Food (by [[Traveler]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Wind-Riding Knight}}</ref>
** "Strange Fae-shaped Emergency Sustenance" (by [[Fischl]])<ref>{{Ref/CS|Fischl|Vision}}</ref>
** Flying Lavender Melon (by Arataki Itto)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=The Unexpected Guest}}</ref>
** Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon (by Arataki Itto)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!}}</ref>
** (Traveler's) Voice (by [[Shikanoin Heizou]])
** White Fur (by [[Kichiboushi]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas: Two Cities' Recommendations}}</ref>
***Flying White Fur (by [[Mamesuke]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Bake-Danuki Wanderlust}}</ref>
***Dumb White Fur (by Mamesuke)
** Byemon (by Kichiboushi)
** Spymon (by Kichiboushi)
** Paimore (by Kichiboushi)
** White Floaty (by various [[Aranara]])
** White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit (by [[Hajanad]])
** Silver Companion (during [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]])
** Pale Floater (by [[Sorush]])
** Helper in White (by [[Margaret]], [[Phonia]], [[Ematol]], and [[Valerina]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades!}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Furball Fortress's Frightful Fix!}}</ref>
** God of Protection (self-proclaimed)
** Big Sis Paimon (by [[Kiara]])<ref name="threat" />
** Trendy Flyer (by [["Trendy Zaytun Peach"]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Villains}}</ref>
** Mini Pie (by Traveler)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade}}</ref>
** Pigeon Adeptus (by [[Xiaqing]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Just Wushou Dance!}}</ref>
** Cat Whisperer (by [[Valerina]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sir Pouncelot Joins the Lot!}}</ref>
** Mini Melon (by Arataki Itto)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!}}</ref>
** Anemic Flying Ant (by [[Ajaw]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan}}</ref>
* {{Furnishing Mentions|Paimon}}
===Etymology===
* "Paimon" is one of the 9 Kings of Hell mentioned in the ''{{w|List of demons in the Ars Goetia|Ars Goetia}}'', the first part of ''{{w|The Lesser Key of Solomon}}'', a Grimoire based on demonology and evocation of archaic deities.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Paimon
|zhs      = 派蒙
|zhs_rm   = Pàiméng
|zht      = 派蒙
|zht_rm   = Pàiméng
|ja       = パイモン
|ja_rm    = Paimon
|ko       = 페이몬
|es       = Paimon
|fr       = Paimon
|ru       = Паймон
|th       = Paimon
|vi       = Paimon
|de       = Paimon
|id       = Paimon
|pt       = Paimon
|tr       = Paimon
|it       = Paimon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[de:Paimon]]
[[es:Paimon]]
[[fr:Paimon]]
[[ja:パイモン]]
[[pl:Paimon]]
[[pt-br:Paimon]]
[[ru:Паймон]]
[[th:Paimon]]
[[tr:Paimon]]
[[uk:Паймон]]
[[vi:Paimon]]
[[zh:派蒙]]