{{Event
|name              = Paimon Extension on Twitch 2022-03-31
|image             = Paimon Extension on Twitch 2022-03-31.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Social Media
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-31
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2022-05-10 23:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/4044697
}}

Dear Travelers, this is an important update regarding the Paimon Extension. This update includes new mini-games. Why don't you try them out? There are also limited redemption codes, so get 'em while they're hot!

==Event Duration==
March 31, 2022 - May 10, 2022 (assumed based on redemption code rules)

==How to Participate==
#During the event, the Paimon Extension will appear on certain streamer channels when they are streaming Genshin Impact.
#Twitch users can play the Paimon Defender mini-game on select [[#Twitch Streamers|streamer channels]] to earn redemption codes for in-game rewards.
#Users can obtain a redemption code (Can be exchanged for Primogems ×60) after completing the Paimon Defender mini-game for the first time.
#Redemption codes can be redeemed at HoYoverse's official website, or via in-game Settings > Account > Redeem Code.

==About the Mini-Game==
#After accessing the channel of the participating streamer, the user can improve the energy bar by clicking on  the food appearing on the screen.
#When the user's energy bar is full, food will stop appearing.
#After the streamer activates the game, users will be able to enter the mini-game.
#By clicking on the slimes that appear on the screen, users can defeat them and protect Paimon. The longer they can fend off the slimes, the more points they get~

==Event Rules==
#Redemption codes are limited to a first come, first served basis.
#Each Twitch user can only get one redemption code.
#Each redemption code can only be redeemed once and can only be used for a single Genshin Impact account.
#Only one redemption code can be redeemed for each Genshin Impact account.
#Redemption codes must be redeemed by May 10, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8).
#You must reach Adventure Rank 10 or above to redeem the redemption codes.
#This redemption code can only be used by Travelers on the following servers: America, Europe, Asia, TW, HK, and MO.
#Users must be at least 18 years old to participate in this event.
#For HoYoverse redemption rules, see: https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/gift
#If you have any questions regarding the use of the Paimon Extension (including the function to receive redemption codes), Twitch reserves the right of final interpretation. For further questions regarding the event (including event rules and redeeming redemption codes), HoYoverse reserves the right of final interpretation.

==Twitch Streamers==
{{Column|2|
*[https://www.twitch.tv/aaronhongry aaronhongry]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/afychan afychan]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/aicute aicute]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/alexyukiii alexyukiii]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/allicoh allicoh]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/anhchar anhchar]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/bellayukihime bellayukihime]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/bobospider bobospider]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/c9judite c9judite]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/cantaperme92 cantaperme92]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/clow_shirow clow_shirow]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/cotoletta cotoletta]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/darianirr darianirr]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/draxrvt draxrvt]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/estige estige]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/flymouse945 flymouse945]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/frostybitz frostybitz]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/haixdo haixdo]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/hannahlee113 hannahlee113]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/ialenna ialenna]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/keekeexbabyy keekeexbabyy]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/kumabooty kumabooty]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/kushalas kushalas]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/lerritay lerritay]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/lhokartv lhokartv]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/lorie lorie]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/malnoxx malnoxx]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/meaninglessname meaninglessname]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/misu misu]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/moonbellsy moonbellsy]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/morninstaar morninstaar]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/nemuriallen nemuriallen]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/nyamiyu nyamiyu]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/nyapuru nyapuru]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/peachmilky peachmilky]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/rawfler rawfler]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/rubee rubee]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/ryndia ryndia]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/saenerys saenerys]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/seijih seijih]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/sonius sonius]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/takagguwu takagguwu]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/whinnaay whinnaay]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/wintermelyn wintermelyn]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/x3no x3no]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/xsarahsmiles xsarahsmiles]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/yuni yuni]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/itsden itsden]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/lisheng_tw lisheng_tw]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/me2oon me2oon]
*[https://www.twitch.tv/saki saki]
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[ja:Paimon Extension on Twitch/2022-03-31]]
[[pt-br:Atualização da Extensão de Paimon]]
[[th:มินิ Paimon บน Twitch/2022-03-31]]
[[uk:Розширення Паймон на Twitch/31-03-2022]]
[[vi:Tiện Ích Paimon Twitch/2022-03-31]]