{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Paimon
|id             = 368134
|image          = Character Paimon Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = The best travel companion ever!
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1500
|description    = The best travel companion ever!
}}
'''Paimon''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

Unlike playable characters that are invited as Companions, Paimon does not have a favorite furnishing set.

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Tasty food...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Traveler...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Let's go...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Something exciting...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Private funds...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Wanna chat...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} ...You're here!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
Three random dialogue options out of the ones below will appear each time you talk to Paimon, in addition to the "good morning/night" option. These are taken from the [[Traveler/Voice-Overs|Traveler's voice-overs]], except the Traveler's lines are presented as dialogue options instead of being spoken.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_hello_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, you're here!
:{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_hello_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anything interesting you wanna talk about today?

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Mondstadt City]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Cider Lake]]...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ciderlake_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cider Lake never freezes, no matter what time of the year it is.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ciderlake_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The best apple ciders in Mondstadt can only be made using the fresh water from this lake.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ciderlake_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It really does taste great! Paimon could drink two big bottles in a second!
::{{DIcon}} Wow.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ciderlake_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tee-hee!
::{{DIcon}} With your size...
:::{{DIcon}} I can't believe that you can drink that much water...
:::{{DIcon}} ...And not explode like an [[Anemo Slime]].
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ciderlake_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon always has room for tasty drinks.
::{{DIcon}} Huh...
:::{{DIcon}} I guess the world really is a big place.
:::{{DIcon}} So many things to consider...

;(Complete [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]])
:{{DIcon}} About Effort and Reward
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_effortsvsreturn_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon finds that hard work hardly works here in Mondstadt.
::{{DIcon}} Why'd you say so?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_effortsvsreturn_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just look at [[Huffman]] from the [[Knights of Favonius]]. He does his best at his duties every day...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_effortsvsreturn_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But the ever-relaxed Captain [[Kaeya]] is his boss.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm, but isn't [[Jean]], who works the hardest...
::{{DIcon}} ...The Acting Grand Master?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_effortsvsreturn_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Well, how about this, then...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_effortsvsreturn_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Venti]]'s the god of Mondstadt, and he's the laziest of them all!

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Mondstadt City]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Benny's Adventure Team]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_bennysadventureteam_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you want to adventure together with Benny's Adventure Team, you have to come prepared.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_bennysadventureteam_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Domains]] are very dangerous, so you should always take care to double and triple check your supplies in advance.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_bennysadventureteam_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's heard that the [[Adventurers' Guild]] has compiled a list of four hundred and sixty-three different ways of dying in these domains...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_bennysadventureteam_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If [[Bennett]] got you killed by accident, Paimon and Bennett would never forgive ourselves!
::{{DIcon}} ...Why am I the only one dying here?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_bennysadventureteam_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's because according to the numbers, Paimon can avoid three hundred and twenty-two causes of death just by floating!
::{{DIcon}} I suddenly don't feel like exploring these domains...

;(Complete [[Darknight Hero's Alibi]])
:{{DIcon}} About Kaeya and [[Diluc]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dilucandkaeya_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange...
::{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dilucandkaeya_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Diluc and Kaeya are really alike, so why don't they get along?
::{{DIcon}} How are they alike, again?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dilucandkaeya_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Kaeya's the kind of guy who acts shady in the light of day...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dilucandkaeya_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' While Diluc is a shining beacon of justice in the dark of night!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dilucandkaeya_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't you think that's kinda the same thing...?
::{{DIcon}} Uhh... I still don't see it.

;(Complete [[The Meaning of Lupical]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Razor]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_razor_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you heard of the brush?
::{{DIcon}} You mean pens made using animal hair...
::{{DIcon}} ...For writing purposes?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_razor_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's correct! They say that finely-made brushes sell for high prices among Liyue's merchants!
::{{DIcon}} So, would you like to make some too?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_razor_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh! But the wild wolves are too fierce, so we should use Razor's fur to make brushes instead!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_razor_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Razor's fur is all downy and soft. It'll definitely make great wolf pens! We could make lots of Mora like this!
::{{DIcon}} Brushes made like that would conduct electricity.
::{{DIcon}} I'm not sure we could use them...
:::{{DIcon}} Besides, Razor isn't a wolf.
:::{{DIcon}} Nor are wolf pens made from wolves' hair...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_razor_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Why are they called wolf pens, then?
::{{DIcon}} Well, does Cider Lake look like it's full of cider to you?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_razor_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm. You have a point.

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Mondstadt City]])
:{{DIcon}} About the "[[Noelle|Wondermaid]]"
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_noelle_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's time for Paimon's Little Life Tips!
::{{DIcon}} "Little Life Tips?"
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_noelle_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In Mondstadt, if there's something you can't fix, or something that you can't get clean, no matter what you do...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_noelle_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you ever run into something you can't handle yourself, you just need to shout this name to the skies:
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_noelle_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Noeeeelle!"
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_noelle_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And everything that's troubling you will be swept away in an instant.
::{{DIcon}} So this is one of the tricks to living in Mondstadt?
:::{{DIcon}} Pretty impressive...

;(Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]])
:{{DIcon}} About riches...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_treasure_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon... doesn't feel so good...
::{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_treasure_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon hasn't opened a treasure chest in so long. If this keeps up...
::{{DIcon}} If this keeps up...
::{{DIcon}} You'll get caught in a hunting trap with a one-Mora bait someday.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_treasure_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon floats, so that'll never work.

;(Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]])
:{{DIcon}} About cat people and dog people...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_catordog_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Which do you like more, cats or dogs?
::{{DIcon}} I prefer Paimon.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_catordog_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Um, that... That's cheating...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_catordog_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, no! Paimon's not a pet!

;(Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]])
:{{DIcon}} About rock, paper, scissors...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fingerguessing_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should get something to eat! Aw, but Paimon doesn't wanna go over there...
::{{DIcon}} Shall we decide with a game of rock-paper-scissors, then?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fingerguessing_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, okay!
::{{DIcon}} Alright then. Rock, paper&mdash;
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fingerguessing_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' &mdash;Super Paimon Tornado!
::{{DIcon}} ...What?

;(Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]])
:{{DIcon}} About Language
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_language_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You learn new things so quickly.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_language_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've already got such a good grasp of Teyvat's language.
::{{DIcon}} You're a good teacher, Paimon.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_language_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe...
::{{DIcon}} Who knows?
::{{DIcon}} Maybe the quality of your nasty nicknames will improve, someday.

;(Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]])
:{{DIcon}} About the luck of the draw...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_lottery_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Urrrrgh...
::{{DIcon}} Hmm? Are there pigeons around?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_lottery_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, Paimon's just hungry.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_lottery_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What Paimon needs right now is a traveler who can whip up some delicious [[Sticky Honey Roast]].
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_lottery_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, who's going to be the lucky traveler?

;(Unlock the Geo [[Statue of The Seven]] in [[Dihua Marsh]])
:{{DIcon}} About Couplets
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_couplet_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's heard that couplets are a traditional art form in Liyue. If you can write a line that works as a second half to one that someone else has written, you'll be well paid!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_couplet_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But linking the couplet is hard, so it's not easy money.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_couplet_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not only does the rhythm need to match, but the meaning has to as well.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm, care to give an example?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_couplet_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... "[[Windrise]]'s winds never churn."
::{{DIcon}} ...Um, "But the [[Sea of Clouds]]' clouds always return."
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_couplet_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Not bad!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_couplet_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's not waste time here. We've got some money to make!

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Liyue Harbor]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Heart's Desire]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_heartsdesire_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Walk in seven clockwise circles, then walk in seven anticlockwise circles, then open your eyes...
::{{DIcon}} Are you sleepwalking?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_heartsdesire_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope! Paimon is just trying to see if that antique shop from "Heart's Desire" actually exists!
::{{DIcon}} Well, assuming that a shop in a story does exist...
::{{DIcon}} What would you like to buy, Paimon?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_heartsdesire_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A Slime Creator!
::{{DIcon}} Does such a thing even exist?

;(Unlock the Geo [[Statue of The Seven]] in [[Dihua Marsh]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Dihua Marsh]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dihuamarsh_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you know? The reeds in Dihua Marsh are common materials used in making paper.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dihuamarsh_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The solid reed cores are used to make pens, while the hollow part is used to make flutes, and it's considered an elegant art in Liyue.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dihuamarsh_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over the years, many heroes and swordsmen have also chosen Dihua Marsh as the location of their duels.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dihuamarsh_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The more reeds, the more elegant the place. But in places where the reeds are the thickest, the water can be quite deep...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dihuamarsh_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So there are lots of unlucky duelists who fall in and drown while the duel is on...
::{{DIcon}} And what's my takeaway from this supposed to be?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_dihuamarsh_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't fight!

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Liyue Harbor]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Beidou]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How do you become as popular and cool as Captain Beidou?
::{{DIcon}} With enough experience...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's already seen lots of things from adventuring together with you!
::{{DIcon}} One also needs to experience trials and setbacks...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon almost drowned that one time...
::{{DIcon}} ...Maintain an inspirational disposition...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh! Paimon's always rooted for you!
::{{DIcon}} One must also have a mature outlook towards problems...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Are you just trying to say that Paimon can't make it?

;(Complete [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Ningguang]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ningguang_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How does a person become as rich, or as rich, or as super rich as Lady Ningguang?
::{{DIcon}} Is that the only impression she gives you? Riches?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ningguang_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, there's the huge [[Jade Chamber]], too! But isn't that also made of [[Mora]]?
::{{DIcon}} Well, you need an excellent mind...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ningguang_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's really good at giving people nicknames!
::{{DIcon}} You need to be very familiar with the workings of the markets...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ningguang_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A serving of [[Fisherman's Toast]] goes for 1025 Mora, and no discounts even on rainy days.
::{{DIcon}} You also require exceptional worksmanship...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_ningguang_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... how do you make friends with a really rich person?
::{{DIcon}} Wait, you're giving up already?!

;(Complete [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Qiqi]] Being a Zombie
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_qiqi_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think that Qiqi... needs to drink blood?
::{{DIcon}} That's not a zombie, Paimon, that's a vampire.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_qiqi_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, will her arms fall off suddenly?
::{{DIcon}} That's also not a zombie, that's a ghoul.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_qiqi_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{sic|uh.}} As expected of a traveler. You really know a lot!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_qiqi_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what special thing can zombies do?
::{{DIcon}} Exercises?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_qiqi_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That makes a lot of sense! So zombies are the ones that can perform exercises!

;(Complete [[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]])
:{{DIcon}} About the [[Vision Hunt Decree]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_visionhuntdecree_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's hard to talk about the recent events in Inazuma and not mention the Vision Hunt Decree.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_visionhuntdecree_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you don't have a [[Vision]], so you don't have to worry about losing one.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_visionhuntdecree_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' On the flip side, if you are caught by the [[Tenryou Commission]], {{Traveler}}, you also can't surrender your Vision in exchange for your life...
::{{DIcon}} I can tell them...
::{{DIcon}} ...That you are my Vision.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_visionhuntdecree_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another reason to have Paimon around... Wait, WHAT!?
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I wouldn't let them take you, Paimon.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_visionhuntdecree_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's more like it.
::{{DIcon}} We'd just go to jail...
::{{DIcon}} And suffer punishment together...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_visionhuntdecree_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... W&mdash;Well, if that's how it would go down, then maybe you should hand Paimon over to them...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_visionhuntdecree_07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait a minute! How about we just don't get caught in the first place?

;(Complete [[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Gorou]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm...
::{{DIcon}} What are you mulling over, Paimon?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, do you remember Gorou's fluffy ears?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon really wants something like that... Or maybe horns similar to the ones [[Ganyu]] has. Ganyu's horns are pretty cute as well.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, do you have any ideas?
::{{DIcon}} Let me see, hmm... Oh, I found something!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Aw, {{Traveler}}, Paimon always knew you were reliable!
::{{DIcon}} Ta-da! I present to you the [[Tusk of Monoceros Caeli]]!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't need that!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* If Paimon can't have Gorou's fluffy ears, then maybe at least something like his fluffy tail...
::{{DIcon}} Bubadada! Here you go &mdash; [[Tail of Boreas]]!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_gorou_08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Not that! Also, combining those two is definitely not the look Paimon is going for!

;(Complete [[The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Kamisato Ayaka]]
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm...
::{{DIcon}} Paimon, you look so serious today.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's because Paimon's thinking about serious things.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's jealous of people from wealthy and influential families. They have an endless supply of Mora and mountains of delicious food to eat...
::{{DIcon}} I can't disagree. Those are exactly the things you're fond of.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But after getting to know Ayaka better, Paimon realized that a young lady from a noble family can also have her share of hardships.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She needs to shoulder her clan's duties and responsibilities. She works so hard and has very little time for herself.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayaka must be exhausted, she should try to relax a bit...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, that's right! Let's invite Ayaka to the next festival!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If she got an invite from us, there's no way she'd refuse.
::{{DIcon}} Yeah.
::{{DIcon}} I'd like to go to another festival with her.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, if Ayaka's around, she can pick up the tab for us...
::{{DIcon}} ...I should've seen that coming...

;(Complete [[The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit]])
:{{DIcon}} About Festival Traditions
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fiestatradition_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a well-established tradition that during Inazuman celebrations everyone's wearing festive masks.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fiestatradition_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon tried to look around the stalls, but hasn't found any mask that fits...
::{{DIcon}} So you really want a mask of your own?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fiestatradition_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! Not wearing a mask during an Inazuman festival is the same as not receiving a bouquet at the Windblume Festival...
::{{DIcon}} Let me make one for you.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fiestatradition_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! {{Traveler}}, you're the best!
::{{DIcon}} Hmmm, I wonder what kind of mask will fit you best?
::{{DIcon}} How about... a slime mask?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_fiestatradition_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, Paimon Slime!

;(Complete [[Dreamlike Timelessness]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Yoimiya]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think [[Naganohara Ryuunosuke|Yoimiya's dad]]'s poor hearing is related to fireworks?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's been making and testing fireworks for many years now, and being exposed to the sound of gunpowder explosions on a daily basis... Paimon can see how that might've worn down his ears...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! Since Yoimiya is inheriting her family business, does that mean she'll have trouble hearing other people in the future, just like her dad?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon won't let that happen! Let's think of some way to help her!
::{{DIcon}} Do you have any suggestions, Paimon?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Um...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon could follow Yoimiya around and cover her ears whenever needed...
::{{DIcon}} Then you'd need to leave me.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Without Paimon, you'd lose your guide. Paimon wouldn't leave you like that!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... What should we do for Yoimiya...
::{{DIcon}} Actually...
::{{DIcon}} She can simply wear earplugs while working with fireworks.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Paimon didn't think of that solution! You're so smart!
::{{DIcon}} Heh... That was the first thing that came to my mind.
::{{DIcon}} But I wanted to give you an opportunity for a mental workout.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_paimon_10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? So you knew this whole time, but didn't tell Paimon?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_yoimiya_paimon_11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How could you! You bully!

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Inazuma City]])
:{{DIcon}} About Sayu's Troubles
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sayuannoy_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sayu seems to have a lot on her mind.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sayuannoy_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't understand why she'd have so many worries.
::{{DIcon}} I guess this is what they call growing pains.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sayuannoy_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, Paimon can't relate to that.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sayuannoy_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all, it's not Paimonly to worry too much.
::{{DIcon}} Hmmm...
:::{{DIcon}} Bad news! We're almost out of Mora.
:::{{DIcon}} I guess we'll have to tighten the purse strings for the next few days...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sayuannoy_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What? Noooo!
::{{DIcon}} See, you're not as carefree as you thought.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sayuannoy_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How could you prank Paimon like that...

;(Unlock the Electro [[Statue of The Seven]] in [[Tatarasuna]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Naku Weed]]
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_peelgrass_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though Naku Weed has a flower-like structure, its "petals" are in fact leaves.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_peelgrass_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Its actual bloom is rather fragile, so the surrounding leaves try their hardest to grow strong and protect it...
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_peelgrass_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, just like Paimon is protecting you right now.
::{{DIcon}} Just like you? Oh, is Naku Weed edible too?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_peelgrass_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right! ...Wait? What are you trying to say?

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Inazuma City]])
:{{DIcon}} About Swords
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, have you noticed?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In Inazuma, people who wear swords on their waists are a minority. Most soldiers use spears.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could it be that swords are a symbol of status... Should we wear them as well?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But the swords here are all too big for Paimon... There's no other way, we'll have to find a famous swordsmith to make a custom one!
::{{DIcon}} A custom-made sword will cost a lot of Mora though.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you saying that Mora is more important than the desires of your lovely companion?
::{{DIcon}} ...Actually, I've already prepared something for you, Paimon.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Really? Let's have a look!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Isn't that the knife we use to cut fruit?
::{{DIcon}} Well, at least it's the right size for you...
:::{{DIcon}} Ahem, "What matters isn't the value of the sword..."
:::{{DIcon}} "It's the fighting spirit."
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_sabre_08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice try, but Paimon won't fall for this, no matter how cool it sounds!

;(Complete [[The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Canned Knowledge]]...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo cannedknowledge 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Free knowledge without having to study at all? Canned Knowledge is amazing!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo cannedknowledge 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could Sumeru have Canned Knowledge about the different customs of the seven nations, too?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo cannedknowledge 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If so, Paimon could just open a can every time we get to a new place. Paimon wouldn't have to explain things ever again!
::{{DIcon}} Or we could just open them all...
::{{DIcon}} Here in Sumeru...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo cannedknowledge 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... but traveling wouldn't be any fun without surprises to look forward to!
::{{DIcon}} Plus, if we opened them all here...
::{{DIcon}} I wouldn't even need Paimon as a guide anymore.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo cannedknowledge 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay scrap that idea! No more Canned Knowledge. Let's save our Mora for something else!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo cannedknowledge 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something like... Oh! Tipping Paimon for guide services! Heehee, seems fair, right?

;(Complete [[The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival]])
:{{DIcon}} About the [[Eremites]]...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo gildedbrigade 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Eremites are a real motley crew...
::{{DIcon}} There's certainly a diverse range of characters.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo gildedbrigade 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm... yeah, that could explain it! Paimon can play lots of different characters too.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo gildedbrigade 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Judgy Paimon, knowledgeable Paimon, helpful Paimon...
::{{DIcon}} ...And of course the classic, completely-misses-the-point Paimon.

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Sumeru City]])
:{{DIcon}} About the [[Grand Bazaar]]...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo grandbazaar 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The residents of the Grand Bazaar are all so talented!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo grandbazaar 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They sell their own woven goods, beautiful vases and jars, and delicious-smelling spices that make Paimon's tummy start rumbling...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo grandbazaar 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And they all sing and dance really well! Paimon wishes she could do that.
::{{DIcon}} Well, if you're serious about it, there's no reason you couldn't learn.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo grandbazaar 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Really?
::{{DIcon}} Well for starters...
:::{{DIcon}} You won't trip over yourself...
:::{{DIcon}} Or accidentally step on someone else's foot...
::{{DIcon}} You have a natural advantage when it comes to dancing.
:::{{DIcon}} You won't trip over yourself...
:::{{DIcon}} Or accidentally step on someone else's foot...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo grandbazaar 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Paimon always forgets how useful flying can be!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo grandbazaar 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then! Let's go bust a move at the Grand Bazaar and watch everyone shower Paimon with admiration!
::{{DIcon}} Aha, so that's what this is all about.

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Sumeru City]])
:{{DIcon}} About Divination...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo divination 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' People in Sumeru seem to take divination and fortune-telling pretty seriously.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo divination 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For starters, there's astrology, although only the scholars get to practice that. But ordinary citizens have their ways, too. They can do divinations with just a cup of coffee!
::{{DIcon}} It's the nation of wisdom after all...
::{{DIcon}} It seems like people have an insatiable curiosity to learn about everything, including their own future.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo divination 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that they can tell your fate just by looking at the bottom of a finished cup of coffee...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo divination 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds way easier than climbing to the top of a tower and staring at the stars all night!
::{{DIcon}} Are you interested in learning your fate, too?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo divination 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... although, Paimon's really more interested in finding out what the coffee tastes like.

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Sumeru City]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Bimarstan]]...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo homeofhealth 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, healthcare is FREE in Sumeru?
::{{DIcon}} Are you feeling unwell, Paimon?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo homeofhealth 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, not right now. Thanks for asking, though.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo homeofhealth 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... Eating the street food on every corner has never sounded so tempting!
::{{DIcon}} Your stomach is going to punish you for that!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo homeofhealth 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If so, Paimon'll go see a doctor and get treated &mdash; it's all for free! It'd be a waste not to take advantage of this, don't you think?
::{{DIcon}} Maybe... but then again...
::{{DIcon}} The treatment would likely include a restricted diet.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo homeofhealth 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* Oh no! So no more delicious food, then?
::{{DIcon}} That, plus the doctor would make you take the most bitter-tasting medicine ever.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo homeofhealth 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Okay... Maybe Paimon needs to reconsider this idea...

;(Unlock teleport waypoints in [[Sumeru City]])
:{{DIcon}} About the Scholars...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So many people in Sumeru want to become scholars.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Motivated by this ambition, they all study really hard to try and achieve it...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon bets that the first ever scholar didn't set out to become a scholar...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... so what do you think the first ever scholar's ambition was?
::{{DIcon}} Probably...
::{{DIcon}} To get their research paper written as quickly as possible.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But isn't a scholar's ultimate goal supposed to be "pursuing the highest and greatest knowledge" or something?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure that it must have been because of a fervent desire for knowledge that they became Sumeru's first true scholar.
::{{DIcon}} Writing papers is how you pursue knowledge.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what about when it's the highest and greatest knowledge of all...
::{{DIcon}} Even then, if you wanted to prove it, you'd need a research paper.
:::{{DIcon}} And after that, you'd need to start working on another paper
:::{{DIcon}} To validate your original thesis...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Okay, Paimon's got it! Come on, don't look so sad! It's not like you have to worry about writing papers yourself!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo scholar 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Y&mdash;You've never had to write a paper before, right...?

;(Complete [[The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival]])
:{{DIcon}} About [[Aranara]] names...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo aranaraname 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Arama, Arana, Araja, Arakavi... Whew, Aranara names are so hard to remember...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo aranaraname 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The only bit Paimon's sure of is that they all start with "Ara"!
::{{DIcon}} Right, so if you were an Aranara...
::{{DIcon}} Your name would be "Arapaimon."
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo aranaraname 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, and as for you...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo aranaraname 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, actually, they'd probably call you "Nara Traveler"...
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, we're all Nara to them...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo aranaraname 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So if there was someone whose actual name was "Nara," what would the Aranara call them?
::{{DIcon}} "Nara Nara"... I guess. Sounds kinda cute.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo aranaraname 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, yeah.

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About Magic...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo magic 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lyney's magic shows are amazing! Paimon never would've guessed how he did it before he revealed his secret.
::{{DIcon}} Hold on... I just thought of a magic trick!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo magic 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You know how to do magic too?
::{{DIcon}} Yep. I can make a big magician's hat float in the air...
::{{DIcon}} And even make it move at my command.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo magic 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Really? How do you do that?
::{{DIcon}} Hehe, simple! I put Paimon inside the hat.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo magic 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Why would Paimon be... Ohhh, so Paimon's the one making it float!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo magic 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, in that case, Paimon has an idea for an even better magic trick!
::{{DIcon}} Huh? What is it?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo magic 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Behold, the bottomless hat! No matter how many plates of delicious food you throw into it, it'll never get full!
::{{DIcon}} Uh... Wait, so where would the plates go?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo magic 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, good point! Umm... Oh, the hat spits the empty plates back out! Tada! Whaddya think?

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About the Mysterious Treasure of the Fontaine Research Institute...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo mysterioustreasure 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At the Fontaine Research Institute, they research clockwork and different energy sources, right? So how come there are rumors about a mystery treasure?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo mysterioustreasure 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It'd make more sense if the treasure was owned by a bandit or a pirate.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo mysterioustreasure 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon's not sure that the researchers' and technicians' definition of "treasure" is really mysterious enough to get excited about...
::{{DIcon}} Hmm... What about "researcher by day, bandit by night"?
::{{DIcon}} Does that sound mysterious enough?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo mysterioustreasure 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... Well for starters, it sounds exhausting. Imagine finishing your day job, then working a whole other job all night... When would they get time to rest?
::{{DIcon}} Maybe they wouldn't need to rest...
::{{DIcon}} If they were actually a clockwork meka in disguise!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo mysterioustreasure 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! A mystery treasure left by a clockwork meka who's a researcher by day and a bandit by night... Now that sounds more like it!

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About Fonta...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo fonta 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fonta tastes amazing, don't you think?
::{{DIcon}} Yep. It's so refreshing, especially when you down the whole thing in one big gulp.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo fonta 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you buy a glass for Paimon? Paimon's always wanted to try that thing.
::{{DIcon}} What thing?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo fonta 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just buy it, you'll see in a minute!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo fonta 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Glug glug glug glug...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo fonta 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahhhhh.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo fonta 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's what those drunkards do after they clink their glasses together. Paimon's been itching to try it for ages!
::{{DIcon}} Don't imitate them, Paimon... It's not a good look on you.

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About Melusines...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Apparently, every Melusine gets their own special token when they're born. They treat it as a symbol of their very being.
::{{DIcon}} If you were a Melusine...
::{{DIcon}} What would your token be?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Definitely a fork! To represent Paimon's lifelong mission to taste all the delicious food in the whole world!
::{{DIcon}} Not Mora, then?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, good point... Yeah, if it were Mora, it'd mean that Paimon's destined to be a super rich person. Then Paimon could buy anything she wants!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmmmm... Argh, Paimon's so torn! Both are so tempting...
::{{DIcon}} How about a fork made from Mora?
::{{DIcon}} Then you can have your cake and eat it, so to speak.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that's a great idea!
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, enough about Paimon. Your token would probably be... a cooking pot, to represent being Paimon's personal gourmet chef!
::{{DIcon}} No no no, my token would be Paimon.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, really?
::{{DIcon}} With Paimon as my token, everything that you have would ultimately belong to me.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Okay sure. Friends share everything, right?
::{{DIcon}} Haha, yeah... My stuff would still be mine...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo melusine 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, no fair!

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About Armchair Detectives...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo detectiveindoor 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So apparently, some detectives in Fontaine manage to solve cases without ever setting foot outside their homes. They call them "armchair detectives"...
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo detectiveindoor 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's what they call "working from home," right? Sounds pretty cushy.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo detectiveindoor 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, how do they figure out the truth if they never even go to the crime scene?&nbsp;...Oh, Paimon knows! They must be using divination.
::{{DIcon}} You're thinking of fortune-tellers, Paimon. Not detectives.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo detectiveindoor 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... yeah...
::{{DIcon}} In any case...
::{{DIcon}} Surely the evidence isn't just dropping itself off at the detective's doorstep.
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo detectiveindoor 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean... Oh, the detective must have people collecting information for them...
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps, or...
::{{DIcon}} Maybe they post commissions at the Adventurers Guild?
::{{A|vo paimon mimitomo detectiveindoor 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But... that would mean the detective gets all the credit for our hard work! Bet they make a tidy sum of Mora off of it, too! Hmph, Paimon won't stand for that. Let's go have a little talk with Detective Armchair right now!

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About Ways to Make a Fortune...
::{{A|vo fetter nt opportunityofrich paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess what? Paimon just thought of the best Mora-making idea ever!
::{{DIcon}} Oh? Do tell.
::{{A|vo fetter nt opportunityofrich paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just look how many people pass by this place every day. If we opened a business here, right outside the Stadium, we'd make a fortune without even trying!
::{{DIcon}} So... What would you sell?
::{{A|vo fetter nt opportunityofrich paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh... maybe... alchemical potions from Mondstadt?
::{{DIcon}} I think there's already people selling similar stuff...
::{{A|vo fetter nt opportunityofrich paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, ummm... Ooh! Ores from Liyue! Yeah, we could make a killing off of those!
::{{DIcon}} Pretty sure the Children of Echoes are already in that business, too...
::{{A|vo fetter nt opportunityofrich paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah... Wait, Paimon's got it &mdash; rugs from Sumeru! Those'll definitely be a hit!
::{{DIcon}} Unfortunately, that's the specialty of the Masters of the Night-Wind.
::{{A|vo fetter nt opportunityofrich paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well then... Then we'll fence the whole Stadium up! And charge an admission fee to everyone who tries to get inside, whether they're a contestant or a spectator!
::{{DIcon}} Pretty sure someone will take you into custody...
::{{DIcon}} Before you finish doing that...
::{{A|vo fetter nt opportunityofrich paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grrrrrrrr! Why does getting rich have to be so hard?

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About the Children of Echoes' Gems...
::{{A|vo fetter nt nanatzcayandiamond paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, so the valleys here are just bursting with shiny gemstones!
::{{A|vo fetter nt nanatzcayandiamond paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You don't come across that kind of opportunity every day! Why don't we start a dig somewhere? If we're lucky, we might unearth something super valuable. Then we'd never have to worry about running out of Mora again!
::{{DIcon}} Hmm... But how would you actually know when you've hit the jackpot? Can you even tell which stones are the valuable ones?
::{{A|vo fetter nt nanatzcayandiamond paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, well... As long as something's bright and shiny, then it must be worth a lot, right?
::{{DIcon}} That makes us sound just like...
::{{DIcon}} ...evil hoarding dragons in children's fairytales!
::{{A|vo fetter nt nanatzcayandiamond paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, except we're in Natlan now &mdash; so instead of "evil dragon," it's "noble Saurian"!
::{{A|vo fetter nt nanatzcayandiamond paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "O brave and keen {{Traveler}}, let this noble Saurian lead you to the most precious gem in the world!"
::{{DIcon}} Great! Except she can't tell which stones are the valuable ones, so how's that gonna work?

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About Resolving Conflicts...
::{{A|vo fetter nt solveconflict paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's heard that even in Natlan, there are lots of ways to resolve conflict that don't involve contests of strength.
::{{DIcon}} Really?
::{{DIcon}} In the Nation of War?
::{{A|vo fetter nt solveconflict paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Like, apparently, some people in the Children of Echoes settle their disputes by holding a dance-off!
::{{DIcon}} A dance-off?
::{{DIcon}} So like, they'll mutually decide on a time and place...
::{{A|vo fetter nt solveconflict paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh!
::{{DIcon}} And just dance their socks off?
::{{A|vo fetter nt solveconflict paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm!
::{{DIcon}} Until one person gets so exhausted, they can't get up anymore?
::{{A|vo fetter nt solveconflict paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep!
::{{A|vo fetter nt solveconflict paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait, what the... Hold on, that IS a contest of strength!

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About the Collective of Plenty and the Flower-Feather Clan...
::{{A|vo fetter nt teteocanandtlalocan paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's heard that everyone from the Collective of Plenty is built like a bricklayer!
::{{DIcon}} Does that mean you'll become Buffmon...
::{{DIcon}} ...if you were to stay there awhile, Paimon?
::{{A|vo fetter nt teteocanandtlalocan paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! Paimon likes herself the way she is now.
::{{DIcon}} Okay, then what about staying with the Flower-Feather Clan instead? They're adept fliers.
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure they could help you sharpen your skills!
::{{A|vo fetter nt teteocanandtlalocan paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But... isn't Paimon good enough at flying already?
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, but then you'd be able to carry me when you fly.
::{{A|vo fetter nt teteocanandtlalocan paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope, not happening! How would that even be possible?
::{{DIcon}} Well, if you had those muscles I talked about...
::{{A|vo fetter nt teteocanandtlalocan paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, geez, not this again... For the last time, no!

;{{cx}}
:{{DIcon}} About Ways to Make Friends With Saurians...
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oooh, there are so many cute Saurians in Natlan! Paimon's gonna make friends with every single one!
::{{DIcon}} Oh? Someone sounds confident...
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You bet! Paimon's got it all figured out!
::{{DIcon}} Oh you do, huh? Come on then, what's the secret to making Saurian friends?
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's really simple! First, you've gotta sweet-talk them, show 'em you mean well so they relax their defenses. Then, you gently pat them on the head &mdash; that makes them feel more comfortable around you.
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Last but not least: Get 'em some good grub! The way to a Saurian's heart is through the stomach, after all! What do you think? Solid plan, huh?
::{{DIcon}} Hmm, why do I get the feeling that...
::{{DIcon}} These tactics would also work really well on you?
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Would not! Paimon can't be won over by some cheap tricks!
::{{DIcon}} Huh? Oh, you misunderstand! I meant to say that...
::{{DIcon}} You're as cute as a baby Saurian!
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah! Flattery, really? You think that'll work on Paimon? Think again!
::{{DIcon}} But I was being sincere, Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} Ah, how can I prove it you? With some Sweet Madame, perhaps?
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait, really? Sweet Madame? Oh, heck yes! Paimon could totally go for some of that right now!
::{{A|vo fetter nt wayofdragonhappy paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uhh... What's with that smug look on your face? ...What!? Is Paimon missing something?

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Paimon.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_morning_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Morning! Are we going out for some tasty food today?
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_morning_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's ready to go anytime!

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Paimon.
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_night_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nighty night, {{Traveler}}, and sweet dreams!
::{{A|vo_paimon_mimitomo_night_02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And don't you worry, Paimon'll be with you all the way!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

Paimon currently does not have any special dialogue.

==Trivia==
* After Paimon is placed, she will not appear when the [[Paimon Menu]] is open while in the Serenitea Pot.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Paimon/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Paimon/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:パイモン/仲間]]
[[pt-br:Paimon/Companhia]]
[[ru:Паймон/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Paimon/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Paimon/Bạn Đồng Hành]]