{{Artifact Set Infobox
|id        = 514
|flower    = Stainless Bloom
|plume     = Wise Doctor's Pinion
|sands     = Moment of Cessation
|goblet    = Surpassing Cup
|circlet   = Mocking Mask
|2pcBonus  = {{Color|Physical DMG Bonus|link=1}} +25%
|4pcBonus  = When an [[Elemental Skill]] hits an opponent, [[ATK]] is increased by 9% for 7s. This effect stacks up to 2 times and can be triggered once every 0.3s. Once 2 stacks are reached, the 2-set effect is increased by 100%.
|source4.1 = [[Ridge Watch]]
|source5.1 = [[Ridge Watch]]
|eff_att1  = Physical DMG Bonus
|eff_att2  = Elemental Skill
|eff_att3  = ATK Increase
}}
'''Pale Flame''' is an [[Artifact Set]] available at [[:Category:4-Star Artifacts|4-star]] and [[:Category:5-Star Artifacts|5-star]] rarities which can be obtained from [[Ridge Watch]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* The 4-piece effect stacks' duration will refresh upon obtaining a new stack, allowing for any character with an Elemental Skill with a cooldown below 7 seconds to take full advantage of this effect.
* The 4-piece effect persists after switching characters.
* The 4-piece effect does not buff the hit that triggers it. The timing for when this buff begins is ping dependent, with higher ping resulting in a longer delay before the buff is applied.
* The 4-piece ATK bonus only triggers when the wearer's Elemental Skill hits while on-field, and only applies to the wearer.

==Lore==
{{ArtifactLore}}

==Trivia==
* The lore for this artifact set appears to be about members of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].
** Mocking Mask refers to [[Pierro]], the first of the Harbingers.
** The story of the Wise Doctor's Pinion is most likely about [[Il Dottore]], given the shared elements in their names (''Dottore'' being Italian for "doctor") and Dottore once had a research facility of [[Ruin Machines]].
** The story of Moment of Cessation most likely refers to [[Pantalone]], who is in charge of Snezhnaya's economic policies. [[Andrei]] states that Snezhnaya's strong economy is thanks to Pantalone's efforts, and Pantalone himself has become immensely wealthy after becoming one of the Fatui &mdash; he gave [[Goth]] enough money to rent out the entire [[Goth Grand Hotel]] indefinitely.
** The story of the Surpassing Cup most likely refers to [[Scaramouche]], who, as stated by [[Yae Miko]], was a prototype for the creation of the puppet Raiden Shogun, later wandering the land as an ordinary human male until he came across the Fatui.
*** During the cutscene in [[The Kabukimono's Finale]] (the third part of Archon Quest Interlude Chapter: Act III - [[Inversion of Genesis]]), Scaramouche says that "all worthless dross will be purged"; the phrase "worthless dross" was previously mentioned in the Surpassing Cup's lore.
** The story of the Stainless Bloom most likely refers to [[Signora]], who was given a Delusion to seal her Pyro abilities.
***Signora, during her story boss fight, says "Pale Flame" twice, once in the first phase when her ice cocoon is low on HP and at the beginning of her second phase.

==See also==
*[[Artifacts/Stats]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pale Flame
|zhs     = 苍白之火
|zhs_rm  = Cāngbái zhī Huǒ
|zht     = 蒼白之火
|zht_rm  = Cāngbái zhī Huǒ
|zh_tl   = Pale Flame
|ja      = 蒼白の炎
|ja_rm   = Souhaku no Honoo
|ja_tl   = Pale Flame
|ko      = 창백의 화염
|ko_rm   = Changbaek-ui Hwayeom
|ko_tl   = Flame of Pale
|es      = Llamas Albinas
|es_tl   = Pale Flames
|fr      = Flamme blême
|fr_tl   = Pale Flame
|ru      = Бледный огонь
|ru_tl   = Pale Fire
|th      = Pale Flame
|vi      = Lửa Trắng Xám
|vi_tl   = Gray-White Flame
|de      = Fahle Flammen
|de_tl   = Pale Flames
|id      = Pale Flame
|pt      = Chama Pálida
|pt_tl   = Pale Flame
|tr      = Sönük Alev
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fiamma fioca
|it_tl   = Dim Flame
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Navbox}}

[[es:Llamas Albinas]]
[[fr:Flamme blême]]
[[ja:蒼白の炎]]
[[pl:Blady płomień]]
[[pt-br:Chama Pálida]]
[[ru:Бледный огонь]]
[[th:Pale Flame]]
[[vi:Lửa Trắng Xám]]