{{About|the world quest|artifact set|Pale Flame}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Pale Fire
|id            = 73307
|image         = World Quest Pale Fire.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Pale Fire
|requirement   = [[Awaken the Residual Pari in the Fravashi Trees]] (once)
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Vourukasha Oasis]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Gavireh Lajavard
|subarea       = Vourukasha Oasis
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|concurrent    = Awaken the Residual Pari in the Fravashi Trees
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*25,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
}}
'''''Pale Fire''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the [[Gavireh Lajavard]]. It is automatically unlocked after completing any version of [[Awaken the Residual Pari in the Fravashi Trees]].

==Steps==
# (If ''[[The Splendorous Sky That Day]]'' has not been completed) The secrets of [[Fravashi Tree]]s
# (If ''The Splendorous Sky That Day'' has been completed) Talk to [[Zurvan]]
# Look for a Fravashi Tree
#* To proceed past this step, all 10 versions of ''[[Awaken the Residual Pari in the Fravashi Trees]]'' must be completed.
# Talk to Zurvan

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Homeward-Bound Spirits}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A magical Plume of Purifying Light has formed on the Fravashi Tree. One wonders what secrets it holds within...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If ''The Splendorous Sky That Day'' has not been completed, the following pop-up will display)
:'''Discover more about the Pari to uncover the secrets of the Fravashi Trees.'''
{{Dialogue End}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|Fravashi Trees are shelters for the residual Pari who are unable to return to the Vourukasha Oasis, and it is a Yasnapati's responsibility to bring them back home.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Zurvan)
:'''Zurvan:''' Well, if it isn't Sorush and her Yasnapati... My, even Paimon's here.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! What do you mean "even"? That's offensive!
:'''Zurvan:''' From the looks on your faces, you've found something interesting, haven't you?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not sure if "interesting" is the right word...

:'''You tell Zurvan about the Fravashi Tree...'''

:'''Zurvan:''' I see. Now, where should I begin?
:'''Zurvan:''' What you just described is indeed a Fravashi Tree that a Pari has transformed into. But as for what resides within such trees, I believe it more accurate to call them "fragmented memories" than "residual Pari."
:'''Zurvan:''' It is quite akin, in fact, to that Plume of Purifying Light you obtained, which contains memories that cannot return to the earth.
:{{DIcon}} Cannot return to the earth...
;(If [[Heart of Amrita]] has been completed)
:{{DIcon}} Just like those that we offered to the Amrita Pool...
::'''Zurvan:''' Plumes of Purifying Light are derived from Simurgh's Khvarena. And we Pari originated due to the contact between Khvarena and Amrita.
::'''Zurvan:''' That is why we are also known as the descendants of Khvarena.
;(If [[In the End, the Forest Will Remember]] has been completed) 
:{{DIcon}} That sounds familiar... 
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon remembers that Bija we received in the forest! It was created from Aranara memories, wasn't it?
::'''Zurvan:''' Aranara... So you know about those carefree creatures. That makes things much easier to explain, then. 
::'''Zurvan:''' Unlike us, the Aranara are born from the land. 
:'''Zurvan:''' We are born from the Vourukasha Oasis, and we shall return there eventually.
:'''Zurvan:''' The god safeguarding this place is rejected by the time flowing throughout this land, and so are we.
:'''Zurvan:''' That said, this is also what we wish for. After all, it is our purpose to keep the defilement from flowing into the land along with us.
:'''Zurvan:''' And in the Amrita Pool, we get to wash off whatever filthiness that once tainted us.
:'''Zurvan:''' By offering that Plume of Purifying Light to the Amrita Pool, you will enable the Pari to return to the Vourukasha Oasis once again.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that means we did a good deed this time, right?
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. You grow ever so haughty, Pale Floater, as if this were not all thanks to my great power.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you're pretty amazing too, Sorush!
:'''Sorush:''' That's more like it... though I need no compliments from you so long as my Yasnapati is present.
:'''Zurvan:''' Speaking of Yasnapati, now that you've more or less accepted this title, that indeed makes you the perfect candidate for the ritual.
:'''Zurvan:''' In ancient times, the human warriors who walked with Pari would hold a ritual of purification for the Pari scattered in the desert, so as to bring them back to the Vourukasha Oasis.
:'''Zurvan:''' And those who have established a special bond with the Pari have been addressed as "Yasnapati" ever since.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!? That's entirely different from what Sorush told us!
:'''Zurvan:''' Is that so? Well, she was bound to get something right by luck eventually. As for you, Yasnapati, you now shoulder the responsibility to help the Pari that have yet to return.
:'''Zurvan:''' If you encounter other Fravashi Trees, please bring the Plumes of Purifying Light they have formed back to the Vourukasha Oasis.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we'd help them even if you didn't ask!
----
;(Talk to Zurvan after awakening all the Residual Pari)
:'''Zurvan:''' The Pari once scattered across the land seem to have all returned.
:'''Zurvan:''' Great work indeed, as expected of the Yasnapati whom Sorush has chosen.
:'''Sorush:''' I'll take that as a compliment, Elder Zurvan.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, the Vourukasha Oasis already seems a lot more lively.
;(If [[Khvarena of Good and Evil]] has not been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Once we fix that giant hole, everything here should recover in no time!
;(If ''Khvarena of Good and Evil'' has been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' We've also fixed that giant hole in the sky. Everything here should recover in just no time!
:'''Paimon:''' By the way, now that Paimon thinks about it, if Pari are born from the water, shouldn't you be called "Hydri" or something?
:'''Sorush:''' Hey! Don't try to give us one of your stupid nicknames, Pale Floater!
:'''Zurvan:''' Hehe, that does remind me of something from the distant past...
:{{DIcon}} Something about "Hydri"?
:{{DIcon}} Hope it's not too long a story...
:'''Zurvan:''' A long, long time ago, a slew of Oceanids from foreign lands once traveled here, in spite of the many obstacles.
:'''Zurvan:''' To arrive here, not only did they have to withstand the scorching desert, but they also had to face rampant monsters. For those water creatures, that journey must have been extremely tormenting.
:'''Zurvan:''' They seemed to have come for their deceased god, only to find that what they were looking for wasn't here.
:'''Zurvan:''' After seeing the Harvisptokhm, they soon dispersed and left.
:'''Zurvan:''' Since then, the legend of the Oceanids spread, and many outlanders traveled along the road they once ventured, looking to uncover their secrets.
:'''Zurvan:''' Although it started out as a rumor, as time passed by, the route itself has been endowed with the meaning of sacrificing oneself in pursuit of pure innocence.
:'''Zurvan:''' Even after the Vourukasha Oasis was sealed off from the outside world, their pilgrimage still lasted for quite a long time.
:'''Zurvan:''' Perhaps for them, the journey is more important than the destination.
:'''Zurvan:''' One might also argue that the process of striving towards a goal yields more significance than merely sacrificing yourself once and for all.
:'''Sorush:''' Hey! Why does it always come back to me!?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Pale Fire}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[vi:Ngọn Lửa U Ám (Nhiệm Vụ)]]