{{Stub|Verify if Roussimoff can be fought before Goncourt.}}
{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = Pankration Ring.png
|type       = Unordered
|req        = [[Both Brains and Brawn]]
|region     = Fontaine
|area       = Liffey Region
|subarea    = Fortress of Meropide
|poi        = Administrative Area
|loc        = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|characters = Goncourt; Roussimoff; Traveler
}}
'''Pankration One-on-One''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] in that takes place in [[Administrative Area]], [[Fortress of Meropide]], [[Fontaine]], unlocked after completing the {{Quest|Both Brains and Brawn}}.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Goncourt]]
# Fight Goncourt
#* {{Enemy|Noailles (Enemy)|text="Goncourt IV" &mdash; "This Ain't No Show!"}}
# Talk to [[Roussimoff]]
# Fight Roussimoff
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Pugilist|text=Roussimoff &mdash; "I'm the Champ!"}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* A [[Common Chest]] with {{Item|Credit Coupons|x=30}} will spawn after defeating each opponent.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Goncourt outside the entrance to the [[Pankration Ring]])
:'''Goncourt:''' After seeing how seriously [[Fourmon]] and [[Meilhat]] are taking the performance, I couldn't help but get complacent with my training. I feel like my joints have stiffened up...
:'''Goncourt:''' So how about acting out a scene with me?
:'''Goncourt:''' Of course, I'm referring to acting on the stage of the Pankration Ring.
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
::'''Goncourt:''' You certainly are very accommodating.
::{{Black Screen|You arrive at their invitation...}}
:;(Continue to next section)
:{{DIcon}} I don't have the time right now...
::'''Goncourt:''' You're always booked, like the hottest act in town. It's okay, I'll wait till you're free.

;(Talk to Goncourt again if the conversation was exited or the fight was abandoned)
:'''Goncourt:''' Ready for a scene with me?
:{{DIcon}} Let's get on stage.
::'''Goncourt:''' Heh, too bad there's no entrance music.
::{{Black Screen|You arrive at their invitation...}}
:;(Continue to next section)
:{{DIcon}} I don't have the time right now...
::'''Goncourt:''' Then I'll go find something else to do to pass the time... and wait for you.
----
;(Fight Goncourt)
:'''Goncourt:''' Let's see just who's the protagonist in this play!

;(Defeat Goncourt)
:'''Goncourt:''' I guess I'm the supporting actor this time. But it's fine, my joints are feeling more limber again.
:'''Goncourt:''' It's thanks to you. Thanks for keeping me company.
----
;(Talk to Roussimoff in the Pankration Ring, on the announcer's platform)
:'''Roussimoff:''' You stand out too much for me to not invite you.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Spar me! I'll show you how hard me and my fists are!
:{{DIcon}} I can't wait!
::'''Roussimoff:''' So what are you waiting for?
:;(Continue to next section)
:{{DIcon}} I got other things to do...
::'''Roussimoff:''' I'll wait for you here.

;(Talk to Roussimoff again if the conversation was exited or the fight was abandoned)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Ready to spar with me?
:{{DIcon}} Go ahead, make a move.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Don't mind if I do.
:;(Continue to next section)
:{{DIcon}} I got other things to do...
::'''Roussimoff:''' I'll wait for you here.
----
;(Fight Roussimoff)
:'''Roussimoff:''' No need, my fists hold victory tightly within their grasp!

;(Defeat Roussimoff)
:'''Roussimoff:''' I lost... But my spirit remains undaunted!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Regardless, you're a worthy opponent.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* When the Hidden Exploration Objective is active, Fourmon, Meilhat, and [[Lutz]] will be unavailable in the open world until both men are defeated.{{Verify}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Unordered}}