{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Pantalone.png
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|region           = Snezhnaya

|title            = Regrator
|title2           = The Ninth of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|voiceEN          = {{w|J. Michael Tatum}}<ref name="lazzo video description">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = Xu Min ({{zh|徐敏}})<ref name="Lazzo Chinese">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1mB4y1e7Lh {{zh|《原神·提瓦特篇》幕间PV-「冬夜愚戏」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Takanori Hoshino|Hoshino Takanori ({{ja|星野貴紀}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1546349629339344896 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:서윤선|Seo Yun-seon ({{ko|서윤선}})}}<ref name="Lazzo Korean">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/MgcKHysZ_Dc {{ko|원신 티바트편 막간 PV - 「한겨울 밤의 광대극」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
}}
'''Pantalone''', also known by his codename "'''Regrator''',"<ref name="lazzo video description" /> is the Ninth of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].<ref name="yelan cs">{{Ref/CS|Yelan|The Fascinating Bracelet and the Whitesilk Mantle}}</ref>

He makes his first appearance during ''[https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]'' alongside his fellow Harbingers.

==Profile==
Pantalone was born into poverty and was never able to receive a [[Vision]], leading him to foster in resentment for the [[god]]s and their control over resources like [[Mora]]. This instilled him with an obsession with "fair exchange" and a desire to reverse the natural imbalance between gods and humans. Perhaps for this reason, he works with [[The Doctor]],<ref name="Wanderer VO">{{Ref/VO|Wanderer|About Regrator}}</ref> who aims to create an artificial god and nearly succeeded during [[Chapter III]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref> Pantalone is also working with [[Pulcinella]] on a special project named Project Stuzha and is noted to always remain in Snezhnaya like him. This sets him apart from many of his colleagues, as mentioned by [[Arlecchino]]. 

Pantalone is currently in charge of [[Snezhnaya]]'s economic policies<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Andrei}}</ref> and is the wealthiest of all the Harbingers.<ref name="yelan sq">{{Ref/Quest|Foregone Conclusion}}</ref> His immense wealth is such that he paid for the [[Fatui]]'s exclusive, indefinite use of the [[Goth Grand Hotel]] in Mondstadt upfront.<ref name="goth">{{Ref/NPC|Goth}}</ref> When [[Bao'er]] saw the kinds of business transactions [[Landa]] was handling on Pantalone's behalf, she warns the [[Traveler]] against trying to find out more about it.<ref name="BB">{{Ref/Quest|Big Business}}</ref>

[[Uncle Tian]] believes Pantalone's plan &mdash; to make Snezhnaya the "heart that pumps money around the world"<ref name="cessation">{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Cessation}}</ref> and perhaps entirely replace Mora as a currency<ref name="Cashflow">{{Ref/Weapon|Cashflow Supervision}}</ref> &mdash; has the potential to "shake the world to its core,"<ref name="yelan sq" /> and fellow Harbingers [[Tartaglia]] and [[Wanderer]] both characterize him by his ambition.<ref name="Wanderer VO" /><ref>{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Regrator}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Pantalone possesses the appearance of a young man. He has curly black hair that reaches to his shoulders, Pantalone wears a typical Snezhnayan coat of white color with black fur on the hoods and sleeves. Pantalone also wears a black turtleneck shirt, with what appears to be 6 gems, 3 on each side, along with a "V" shaped gem below the others. 

==Story==
Little is known about Pantalone's background beyond being born into poverty and never being deemed worthy of a Vision, which fueled his resentment against the gods. [[Rex Lapis]] in particular appears to be the greatest target of Pantalone's ire,<ref name="cessation" /><ref name="Cashflow" /> as he is the sole source of [[Mora]] and as a result, [[Teyvat]]'s economy is effectively under his control.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref>

At some point, Pantalone secretly began an experiment to test the feasibility of a new, alternate currency to [[Mora]]. He picked the secluded [[Fortress of Meropide]] as the testing ground for his experiment and had his agents introduce [[Credit Coupon]]s, which soon became the Fortress' exclusive currency.<ref name="Cashflow" /><ref group="Note">Pantalone is assumed to be the mastermind behind Credit Coupons based on the narrative similarities between [[Moment of Cessation]] and [[Cashflow Supervision]]'s descriptions.</ref> It is unclear how long Credit Coupons have been around, but they have been in use for a "very long time" and were used by the administrator before [[Wriothesley]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|Wriothesley|2}}</ref>

One of Yelan's past operations involved Pantalone as her opponent and resulted in the loss of a Fascinating Bracelet, an heirloom pair of magical communication devices, rendering the surviving bracelet useless. To make up for her loss, she infiltrated Pantalone's secret trade route and got ahold of a highly valuable robe made with a powerful beast's fur, which he had intended as a gift to the [[Tsaritsa]]. She has since taken the beast's fur to create the white mantle she currently wears.<ref name="yelan cs" />

===Present Day===
While Pantalone has yet to directly influence the story, his influence can be felt in various parts of the seven nations. Sometime before the [[Traveler]] arrived in [[Mondstadt]], Pantalone booked the entire Goth Grand Hotel for the Fatui's exclusive use; while [[Goth]] was opposed to it due to the Goth family's motto of serving the people of Mondstadt, Pantalone paid for the entire intended duration upfront with an "unbelievably generous" offer.<ref name="goth" />

His agent Landa can be found at [[Wangshu Inn]],<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Landa|Idle}}</ref> who is also implied to be the Snezhnayan agent who abandoned his mission to infiltrate Mondstadt's wine industry after getting spooked by [[Noelle]]'s behavior.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Noelle|2}}</ref> Landa loses the invoices for a major, top-secret transaction at the start of the {{Quest|Big Business}}, causing him to enlist the Traveler's help. Bao'er, who chanced upon one of the invoice boxes and took a peek inside, advises the Traveler not to ask too many questions about "transactions of this scale," and Landa panics at the realization that an outsider knows the details of the transaction.<ref name="BB" />

At [["The Rusty Rudder"]] in [[Fontaine]], the contents of the [["The Rusty Rudder"#Discarded Bill|Discarded Bill]] in front of [["Tilla"]] likely relates to Landa; it mentions three heavy shipments from Liyue, and states that "our friends in Liyue" are in trouble. [[Brek]], who is mentioned in the Bill, reveals that he has made a deal with a "prominent merchant from Snezhnaya."<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Brek}}</ref>

While not directly involved in the events of {{Quest|Calculated Gambit}}, Pantalone intervenes after [[Yusupov]]'s plan to assassinate Uncle Tian and establish [[Zhiyi]] as the new Tianshu fails. Having kept an eye on the proceedings, Pantalone extracted [[Theofan]], Yusupov's subordinate and Zhiyi's co-conspirator, from Liyue off-screen before Yelan could make him her pawn. Given that Pantalone still has his eyes on Liyue, Yelan plans on using this as the basis for her next mission.<ref name="yelan sq" />

Pantalone is collaborating with [[Pulcinella]] on something known as "Project Stuzha," which is supposedly setting the Fatui's future direction. Leading up to the project, they gave the [[House of the Hearth]] a great deal of funding and have since made the Hearth "key members" of Project Stuzha. Given this means they will likely face the largest casualties, [[Arlecchino]] and the other members of the Hearth suspect this ploy is meant to weaken and obtain more control over them.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into the Sunlight}}</ref> [[Tartaglia]] was also recalled to Snezhnaya to participate in the project.

A Fontanian merchant named [[Montluson]] later made contact with Pantalone's subordinates, who wished to destroy a sphere in some ruins near the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] that created the same paint he had developed and wished to sell for a profit. The proposal caught his interests, as Pantalone saw that Montluson could become a giant in the painting industry while also disrupting Fontaine's economic system. He sent [[Grudoc]] to assist him, who planted explosives in the ruins. While the plan was partially interrupted by [[Citlali]] and the Traveler's intervention, the ruins were ultimately destroyed by Grudoc, who knew that being captured would implicate Pantalone's role in the plot.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Seven-Hued Ruins}}</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* It is unclear whether Pantalone had a direct link to the former Fontainian criminal organization Club di Pantaloni Novita.<ref group="Note">The organization's name is not translated identically across localizations, making it unclear whether the similarities between Pantalone and "Pantaloni" were intended by the original Chinese text, which simply called the organization {{Zh|新奇裤俱乐部|lit=New Pants Club.}}</ref> Regardless, the newspaper clipping about its dismantlement at the [[Spina di Rosula]]'s hands is found at "The Rusty Rudder," adding to the list of implications that several of the NPCs found there are Pantalone's associates.
* Both the [["The Rusty Rudder"#Damaged News Clip|Damaged News Clip]] at "The Rusty Rudder" and an exchange on the [[Lumidouce Harbor Noticeboard#The Price of Tea|Lumidouce Harbor Noticeboard]] suggest that someone is artificially inflating the price of [[Chenyu Vale]]'s tea; whether this is another one of Pantalone's schemes has yet to be confirmed.

===Etymology===
* Like the other Harbingers, Pantalone's alias is derived from a stock character in ''{{w|commedia dell'arte}}'', a type of Italian theater which uses masks to designate their character's role in the story.
** "{{w|Pantalone}}" is greedy and uses his high social standing to push others around and interfere with their business. Oftentimes, he is the father of one of the Innamorati and tries to keep the two lovers apart.
** The literal meaning of "Pantalone" in Italian is "Pants."
*A ''{{wt|regrator||English}}'' (or ''regrater'') is a person who purchases goods from a market, then resells that item in the same (or nearby) market at an inflated price. In modern times, he would be called a Scalper.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Pantalone Gallery Files}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_default_hidden=1
|1_en       = Pantalone
|1_zhs      = 潘塔罗涅
|1_zhs_rm   = Pāntǎluóniè
|1_zht      = 潘塔羅涅
|1_zht_rm   = Pāntǎluóniè
|1_ja       = パンタローネ
|1_ja_rm    = Pantaroone
|1_ko       = 판탈로네
|1_es       = Pantalone
|1_fr       = Pantalone
|1_ru       = Панталоне
|1_th       = Pantalone
|1_vi       = Pantalone
|1_de       = Pantalone
|1_id       = Pantalone
|1_pt       = Pantalone
|1_tr       = Pantalone
|1_it       = Pantalone

|2_en       = Regrator
|2_zhs      = 富人
|2_zhs_rm   = Fùrén
|2_zht      = 富人
|2_zht_rm   = Fùrén
|2_zh_tl    = Rich Person
|2_ja       = 富者
|2_ja_rm    = Fusha
|2_ja_tl    = Rich Person
|2_ko       = {{tt|거상|巨商}}
|2_ko_tl    = Business Magnate
|2_es       = El Regatero
|2_es_tl    = The Regrator
|2_fr       = Fortuné
|2_fr_tl    = Rich Man
|2_ru       = Делец
|2_ru_tl    = Businessman
|2_th       = Regrator
|2_vi       = Regrator
|2_de       = Geschäftsmann
|2_de_tl    = Businessman
|2_id       = Regrator
|2_pt       = Magnata<ref name="lazzo video description" /> / Regrator<ref name="yelan cs" /><ref name="yelan sq" />
|2_pt_tl    = Magnate / &mdash;
|2_tr       = Madrabaz
|2_tr_tl    = Huckster
|2_it       = Affarista
|2_it_tl    = Businessman
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Fatui Navbox}}

[[de:Pantalone]]
[[es:Pantalone]]
[[fr:Pantalone]]
[[ja:パンタローネ]]
[[pl:Pantalone]]
[[pt-br:Pantalone]]
[[ru:Панталоне]]
[[th:Pantalone]]