{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71531
|image         = Event Quest Paper Shadow Ruminations.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze
|requirement   = 
* Completion of Step 4 <!-- "Follow the instructions to find Gaming" --> of [[The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices (Quest)|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Wenxun
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze/Paper Shadows A-Foraging|Paper Shadows A-Foraging]] subevent.
}}
'''''Paper Shadow Ruminations''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Wenxun

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|On the bustling streets of Liyue Harbor, you and Paimon are drawn to a painter making paper cutouts. You spy two familiar silhouettes among the items she is preparing...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Wenxun):'''Wenxun:''' Round and fluffy, soft and bouncy, jump and bump...
:'''Wenxun:''' Oh my! Guests! Welcome, welcome, and allow me, Wenxun, to be the first to wish the two of you a joyous Lantern Rite!
:'''Paimon:''' Happy Lantern Rite, Ms. Wenxun!
:'''Paimon:''' You seemed to be reciting something just now. What were you talking to yourself about?
:{{DIcon}} Considering some delectable dessert?
:{{DIcon}} Or perhaps a revolutionary recipe?
:'''Wenxun:''' Not far off the mark &mdash; nearly a hole-in-one! I was just thinking about the food [[Guoba]] and [[Yuegui]] are gonna make!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Now those are names we know... You know Guoba and Yuegui too?
:'''Wenxun:''' Hehe, how could I not? You're looking at one of [[Wanmin Restaurant|Wanmin Restaurant's]] regulars, you know!
:'''Wenxun:''' As long as I'm not on the road, I eat at least seven meals a week at Wanmin Restaurant!
:'''Wenxun:''' When paired with my hometown style of cooking &mdash; first some lightly seasoned fare, then a spicy flavor bomb &mdash; it's just a smash hit!
:'''Wenxun:''' If I end up with too much heatiness, just need to down some of the right meds and flush it right out, and then after a couple of days recuperating, it's back to gorging myself in chow-town!
:{{DIcon}} That sounds amazing...
:{{DIcon}} Best take it easy...
:'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;P&mdash;Paimon also wants to try living like that...
:'''Wenxun:''' Anyway, I get to see Guoba and [[Xiangling]] pretty much every week, and sometimes even little [[Yaoyao]].
:'''Wenxun:''' When Yaoyao brings Yuegui along to see Xiangling, Guoba and Yuegui end up playing together.
:'''Wenxun:''' Ahh, it's wonderful! No matter how exhausting work is, just watching them shake and sway is enough to sweep all your cares away!
:'''Wenxun:''' But I can't be the only one being cured by Guoba and Yuegui! I want everyone to bear witness to their cuteness for themselves!
:'''Paimon:''' Well said! Now this is something important! But just how do you plan to do it?
:'''Paimon:''' Unless... These things on the table are...
:'''Wenxun:''' Bingo! I just made a "paper theater" featuring Guoba and Yuegui as the stars! Everything you see here at this stall is a prop for the paper theater!
:'''Paimon:''' "Paper Theater"... That name sounds kinda familiar, doesn't it? Is it about the canvas behind you, and watching the... shadows on it?
:'''Wenxun:''' You guys may have heard of "Paper Plays," a traditional [[Liyue]] art form. By artfully using the pictures and lights, you can make the scenes on the screen come to life.
:'''Wenxun:''' I've loved paper plays since I was a kid, and learned a bit about them from Master [[Yinggong]]. After I grew up, I became a painter, studying and traveling all over.
:'''Wenxun:''' While I was in [[Fontaine]], I learned a few new drawing techniques and a thing or two about filming. I had quite a few sparks of inspiration, too.
:'''Wenxun:''' So, using paper plays as a basis, I tried creating a novel interactive game, and thus, the "paper theater" you see before you was born!
:'''Wenxun:''' Paper theater and paper plays also have very different styles. Paper theater focuses on simple, short stories that'll bring a smile to the audience.
:'''Wenxun:''' So, that's why this year's first paper theater will be all about an especially amiable story &mdash; Guoba and Yuegui looking for ingredients to cook up something delicious together!
:'''Paimon:''' Guoba and Yuegui cooking together? That sounds really interesting!
:{{DIcon}} Fun and food in one place!
:{{DIcon}} Now that's worth paying attention to.
:'''Wenxun:''' Hehe, looks like you two are totally on board! Your excitement is inspiring!
:'''Wenxun:''' Then there's no time to lose! Please, just relax, and get ready to enjoy this paper theater performance!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Paper Shadow Ruminations
|zhs     = 寻味纸影间
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 尋味紙影間
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 懐かしの影絵人形劇場
|ja_rm   = Natsukashi no Kage'e Ningyou Gekijou
|ja_tl   = Nostalgic Shadow Puppet Theater
|ko      = 종이 속 미식 여행기
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Cata en sombras
|es_tl   = Search in Shadows
|fr      = Entre les papiers gourmets
|fr_tl   = Between the Gourmet Papers
|ru      = Размышления среди бумажных теней
|ru_tl   = Ruminations Among Paper Shadows

|th      = สัมผัสความงามของเงากระดาษ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm Hiểu Kịch Cắt Giấy
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Schattenpuppenspiel
|de_tl   = The Shadow Puppet Show
|id      = Eksplorasi Keindahan Seni Kertas
|id_tl   = Exploring the Beauty of Paper Art
|pt      = Ruminações de Sombras de Papel
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kağıdın Gölgesinde Mülahazalar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Riflessioni delle ombre di carta
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[pt-br:Ruminações de Sombras de Papel]]
[[ru:Размышления среди бумажных теней]]