{{Terminology Infobox
|image = Icon Parry.png
|type  = Combat
|type2 = Game Systems
}}
'''Parry''' is a [[combat]] mechanic that allows the player to take a defensive stance and reduce or negate incoming [[damage]].

It is available during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden/Clash of Lone Blades|Clash of Lone Blades]] part of the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Notes==
*If the Parry button is held, incoming DMG will be reduced.
*If the Parry button is tapped at the precise moment of an incoming hit, a Perfect Parry will be triggered, completely negating DMG and resetting the ability's [[Cooldown]].
*Perfect Parrying certain attacks will result in a strong counterattack, dealing {{Color|Physical DMG}}. Certain ranged attacks can also be deflected to deal DMG to the enemy instead.
*Perfect Parrying [[Burning]] [[Grass]] will [[heal]] the Traveler.<ref>Streamable: [https://streamable.com/p65fb2 Traveler Parry Healing]</ref>

==Previews==
{{Preview
|size=185px
|file1=Perfect Parry
|caption1=Perfect Parry against regular attacks

|file2=Taroumaru Slash Combo 2 2
|caption2=Perfect Parry against strong attacks

|file3=Electro Kairagi Event Blade Waves 2
|caption3=Perfect Parry against Kairagi: Dancing Thunder's ranged attack

|file4=Taroumaru Thunderblades 2
|caption4=Perfect Parry against Taroumaru's ranged attack
}}

==Trivia==
* [[Beidou]]'s and [[Yun Jin]]'s [[Elemental Skill]]s, [[Tidecaller]] and [[Opening Flourish]], combined with their [[Passive Talent]]s [[Retribution]] and [[True to Oneself]], are similar to the Parry mechanic. However, they are not the same. Parry can completely negate incoming damage due to invincibility frames, but the aforementioned Elemental Skills prevent damage with their shields, which can be broken with enough damage. In addition, Parry reflects enemy damage, while "parrying" with the aforementioned Elemental Skills increases their own damage.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox|Combat}}