{{About|the magician in Fontaine|the fallen Mondstadt noble|Parsifal|the weapon whose passive is named Parsifal the Great|The First Great Magic}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Parsifal the Great
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Parsifal the Great.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fleuve Cendre
|title            = Great Magician

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Josephine
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Parsifal the Great''', also written as the '''Great Magician "Parsifal"''' and simply '''Parsifal''', was the alias of a [[Fontaine|Fontainian]] woman who came from [[Fleuve Cendre]]. She lived before the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago and was acquainted with several important Fontainian figures, including [[Eduardo Baker]] and [[Karl Ingold]]. She also had a sister, known by her alias "[[Josephine]]," whom she performed magic tricks with as a disguise for their thievery.<ref name="First Great">{{Ref/Weapon|The First Great Magic}}</ref>

==Profile==
Parsifal and Josephine's birth names are unknown and they adopted their stage names from one of [[Coppelius]]' plays, which was loosely based on the tale of [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Parsifal]] and [[Blue-Eyed Spear Witch]]. They first began performing magic tricks at Eduardo's tavern and eventually became skilled enough that the two began performing in the aboveground Court of Fontaine, where they quickly became the talk of the town.<ref name="First Great" />

At some point in time following the [[Siege of Poisson]], Parsifal committed an "unexpected transgression" which led her to request trial by combat. She had her last duel against the Champion Duelist [[Marfisa]], whom she had history with.<ref name="MoJ">{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Judgment}}</ref>
<!--
===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Story==
Parsifal and her sister Josephine were born in Fleuve Cendre, the impoverished underground sector of the [[Court of Fontaine]]. The two became thieves to survive, stealing from guests at the opera house, but became dazzled by the idea of standing onstage themselves. The two became the renowned magician and assistant duo, although Parsifal was better known than her sister.<ref name="First Great" />

During the purge of Fleuve Cendre, Josephine rushed back, only to find the destruction left in its wake.<ref name="First Great" /> Josephine's whereabouts after that is left unaddressed, but Parsifal went on to join Eduardo during his takeover of Poisson. She was captured in Karl's photograph of the major figures at Poisson: Parsifal, Eduardo, Baker's son [[Jakob]], [[Renault de Petrichor]] (then the mayor of Poisson), Renault's son [[Rene de Petrichor|Rene]], Rosa Reed (holding her unnamed infant son), Rosa's husband Thompson, and Tom Alter.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Fleuve Cendre Ferryman}}</ref> 

During the [[Poisson#Siege of Poisson|Siege of Poisson]], Parsifal saved Karl's life; however, she was eventually brought before the court for her participation in the siege, where she requested trial by combat. She took up arms one last time against the Champion Duelist Marfisa and presumably died in the duel. Years later, while reminiscing on the past during a meeting with [[Basil Elton]], Karl regretted that he never recorded Parsifal's final duel, having quit news journalism following the Siege of Poisson.<ref name="MoJ" />
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Parsifal
|zhs     = 帕西法尔
|zhs_rm  = Pàxīfǎ'ěr
|zht     = 帕西法爾
|zht_rm  = Pàxīfǎ'ěr
|ja      = パルジファル
|ja_rm   = Parujifaru
|ko      = 파르치팔
|es      = Parsifal
|fr      = Parsifal
|ru      = Парсифаль
|th      = Parsifal
|vi      = Parsifal
|de      = Parsifal
|id      = Parsifal
|pt      = Parsifal
|tr      = Parsifal
|it      = Parsifal
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Parsifal la Grande]]