{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40023
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Path of the Taishou.png -->
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Labyrinth Warriors
|part          = 4
|requirement   = Complete [[Chapter II]] Act III: [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|prev          = Away With Obsessions and Falsehood
|next          = 
|startLocation = [[Araumi]], [[Inazuma]]<!-- technically it starts wherever you change time of day to, but this is the first place you go -->
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Araumi
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*30,000
|characters    = <!--Kamuna Harunosuke; -->Paimon; Shiki Taishou; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Path of the Taishou''' is the fourth Event Quest of the [[Labyrinth Warriors]] event.

==Steps==
# Pay [[Shiki Taishou]] a visit

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The storm has passed. You and Paimon prepare to visit [[Shiki Taishou]] again and see how the [[Mystic Onmyou Chamber]] is doing...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Log in)
:{{A|vo eqrg004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think things went smoothly for Shiki Taishou in the end?
:{{A|vo eqrg004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's head over to the Mystic Onmyou Chamber and see!

;(Talk to Shiki Taishou)
:{{A|vo eqrg004 2 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Traveler, Paimon!
:{{A|vo eqrg004 2 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I explained the situation to the Tenryou Commission and showed them the original documentation. In the end, they believed that the Mystic Onmyou Chamber and I were innocent.
:{{A|vo eqrg004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Awesome! Does that mean you can start to focus on your original assignment again?
:{{A|vo eqrg004 2 shikishogun 03.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' That's right. I've also restored the Mystic Onmyou Chamber to its original state &mdash; a domain dedicated to honing martial prowess.
:{{A|vo eqrg004 2 shikishogun 04.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' With time, this Domain may exhaust itself of charm magic. When that time comes, I will let it lie dormant so that power can gradually reaccumulate.
:{{A|vo eqrg004 2 shikishogun 05.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Now might be a good time to give it a try. Are you up for the challenge?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready!
:{{DIcon}} Bring it on!
:{{A|vo eqrg004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Count Paimon in!
:;(Quest ends)

----
;(Talk to Shiki Taishou after the quest ends)
:{{A|vo eqrg004 13 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Those who seek ultimate attainment, can find it in the practices of this Mystic Onmyou Chamber.
:{{A|vo eqrg004 13 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Of course, rushing straight for the strongest opponent may set you back. Know yourself, and proceed in accordance with your abilities.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Path of the Taishou
|zhs     = 大将恒遵道
|zhs_rm  = Dàjiàng Héng Zūn Dào
|zht     = 大將恆遵道
|zht_rm  = Dàjiàng Héng Zūn Dào
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 大将の信じる道
|ja_rm   = Taishou no Shinjiru Michi
|ja_tl   = A Path in Which Taishou Believes
|ko      = 대장이 지켜온 길
|ko_rm   = Daejang-i Jikyeoon Gil
|ko_tl   = The Path Which General Protected
|es      = El camino de Taishou
|es_tl   = The Path of Taishou
|fr      = Voie du Taishou
|fr_tl   = Path of the Taishou
|ru      = Путь Тайсё
|ru_tl   = Path of the Taishou
|th      = เส้นทางแห่ง Taishou
|th_rm   = Sen-thang haeng Taishou
|th_tl   = Path of the Taishou
|vi      = Con Đường Của Taishou
|vi_tl   = Taishou's Path
|de      = Pfad der Taishou
|de_tl   = Path of the Taishou
|id      = Jalan Taishou
|id_tl   = Path of the Taishou
|pt      = O caminho de Taishou
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[ja:大将の信じる道]]
[[pt-br:O Caminho de Taishou]]
[[ru:Путь Тайсё]]