{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75004
|image         = World Quest Peace to the Slumbering.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Shadows of the Mountains
|requirement   = 
|characters    = "Beast With Fur Like That of Night"; Irizar; Little One; Paimon; Titu; Traveler; Yukom; Zephaniah
|startLocation = [[Land of Myriad Megaliths]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Beneath the Crystal Rock
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2
|rep           = "Children of Echoes"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 96
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Peace to the Slumbering''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]. It starts automatically after completing {{Quest|Beneath the Crystal Rock}}.

==Steps==
# Check the hole below
# Touch the inscription
# Follow the inscription
# Find the inscription fragment(s)
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*4}}
#* Wave 3 (Automatically gets vanquished after appearing): {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*3;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*3}}
#* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|1=Rockfond Rifthound*0{text=Rifthound &mdash; The One Who Comes After the Inscription} }}
# Go to the sealed pillar
# Unseal the inscription
# Grant the warriors peace {{Enemy List|delim=;;|1=Black Serpent Knight: Windcutter*0{text="Zephaniah" &mdash; Warrior Who Cleaved the Dark Tide $ link=Zephaniah};;Black Serpent Knight: Rockbreaker Ax*0{text="Irizar" $ link=Irizar} }}
# Go to the sealed pillar
# Listen to the whispers of Night
# Talk to [[Titu]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* During steps 4 and 7, [[Little One]] will fight alongside the player.
* Completing the quest awards the {{Achievement|Ancestral Reminiscence}} and a [[Luxurious Chest]] containing {{Item|Iridescent Inscription Fragment|x=1}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Greater Shadow Pin falls, opening a huge hole in the ground...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Yukom]], optional)
:'''Yukom:''' Uh, are you guys alright? What happened just now?
:'''Yukom:''' There was this sudden, massive earthquake! I was pretty worried, honestly, but it's good that you're alright.
:'''Yukom:''' As for Titu... Why hasn't that guy come to take over this post yet? Ugh, I'd rather the earthquake flattened me at this point!

;(Fall down the hole)
:'''???:''' Aaaagggh&mdash; Such agony&mdash; Leave&mdash;
:'''Titu:''' That voice, it's becoming clearer, as though it were in my head...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' *whine*

;(Approach the inscription)
:'''Titu:''' Just as I thought, the [[Iridescent Inscription]] that was supposed to be on the Shadow Pin... seems to have fallen from the Pin, as if it were "responding" to something...
:'''Titu:''' We must figure out what the Inscription is responding to... Why don't you try touching it?

;(Approach the inscription)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Why's there a stone tablet here?
:'''Titu:''' It might have been left by tribesfolk of the past. That happens quite often around here. Long ago, this was a boundary marker, telling you that "you've crossed the line!"
:'''Titu:''' You can sometimes find stones with patterns carved in white on them throughout our lands that serve the same purpose. They've just all been abandoned.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' So that's what's happened.
:'''Titu:''' Boundaries and borders are no laughing matter here... Between the living and the dead, within and without, above and below... Only those who have crossed these lines can grasp the dangers they face.
:'''Titu:''' It is said that there was once a stone tablet in an ancient ruin that read thus: "If any tread past this stone with ill-intent, mine hand shall drake-claw become, and grasp their neck shall I."
:'''Paimon:''' Err, wait. What if this stone tablet has some sort of warning or curse on it, then?
:'''Titu:''' I can tell at a glance... [[Traore]] left this here. To think that... *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} Wait, where have I heard that name...
::'''Paimon:''' He's from the story you told us before, right, Titu? When the [[Abyss]] was corrupting [[Natlan]], he led the tribesfolk against them... and against two soldiers from [[Khaenri'ah]].
:{{DIcon}} Ah, that's the elder who fought against the Abyss...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Titu:''' Haha, you're quite the avid listeners. Storytellers love people like you, y'know?
:'''Titu:''' After all, the capacity to remember such tales is a basic quality that all storytellers must have.
:'''Titu:''' Let me see...
::{{Readable|title=Boundary Marker Inscription
|text=<!--
-->I am the elder of the [[Children of Echoes]], Traore, and I leave this inscription here.<br><!--
-->I am the storyteller of the Children of Echoes, Traore, and I leave this inscription here.<br><!--
-->I am the shield and spear of the Children of Echoes, Traore, and I leave this inscription here.<br><!--
-->To impart to those who will come after, and to seek instruction from the ancestors and [[Wayob]], and to smooth out my present wrinkles.<br><br><!--
-->Here I shall leave three blessings:<br><br><!--
-->The first is for my friends from afar.<br><!--
-->Let us have one more drink, [[Zephaniah]] and [[Irizar]], you who guided the black flood here, to the place of the seal...<br><!--
-->You do not wish me to name your deeds "heroism," for you see it as only doing your duty. You would prefer to be known as cowards, rogues, or a thorn in our side &mdash; that you should ever increase our vigilance, like an aphid that bites a [[Saurian]].<br><!--
-->As the storyteller, thus did I promise you, yet I must speak the truth here.<br><!--
-->Forever and always shall you be heroes who fought alongside our tribe, the brother-kin of the Children of Echoes.<br><br><!--
-->The second, is for the valiant ones who were sacrificed.<br><!--
-->Let us have one more drink, my warriors, for we are illuminated by the [[Pyro Archon|Incandescent God]] and guided by our Chief [[Sundjatta]], and shall not tarnish their great names.<br><!--
-->We pray to the spirit of [[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]], the madman who stole fire from the throat of the great dragon. To him we willingly offer up our deaths and lives, that he might block the arcane magics of the Abyss with radiant glyphs.<br><!--
-->As an elder, I bless the warriors. May we one day be free.<br><!--
-->May every death have meaning, for all life has a place to return.<br><br><!--
-->The third, is for those who come after and read this inscription.<br><!--
-->Let us have one more drink, those who come after, for our hope, for our future.<br><!--
-->If you are reading this, know that the situation is dire, but that it is no time for fear.<br><!--
-->As the shield and spear of the tribe, I bless you.<br><!--
-->Know well that fortresses forged from the sacrifices of flesh and blood cannot stand forever, and the only true immortality is the indomitable spirit.<br><!--
-->May you be able to win final victory.}}
:'''Paimon:''' It says, friends from afar... "Zephaniah and Irizar."
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... "You would prefer to be known as cowards, rogues, or a thorn in our side &mdash; that you should ever increase our vigilance, like an aphid that bites a Saurian."
:'''Paimon:''' "Yet I must speak the truth here. Forever and always shall you be heroes who fought alongside our tribe, the brother-kin of the Children of Echoes."
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, wait, so those Khaenri'ahns fought alongside the tribe, then?
:'''Titu:''' Well... The names of those two have always featured in stories as the embodiment... of evil. They've even appeared in my nightmares.
:'''Titu:''' "If you don't stop crying, the ghosts of the Khaenri'ahn soldiers will follow the sound and track down your shadow..." So they said. But... it was all a lie?
:'''Titu:''' Such injustice... that those who gave their all for our tribe should bear such slander.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's... so sad.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Oroo...
:{{DIcon}} They did not care for their good name...
::{{DIcon}} They only wished to see their will fulfilled.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is... Paimon gets it!
:'''Paimon:''' Most heroes don't do great deeds to become heroes.
:'''Paimon:''' They become heroes because they do those deeds. That's why they don't care about what others think of them...
:'''Titu:''' ...
:'''Titu:''' *sigh* Perhaps you're right, but...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, there the Iridescent Inscription goes!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, so this... This must've been where they finally sealed the Abyss. Look, {{Traveler}}, there are so many golden patterns in the middle there...
:{{DIcon}} You can also see traces of Abyss leakage here.
:'''Titu:''' Looks like that's the thing attracting the Iridescent Inscription. We need to get over there and have a look...

;(Interact with "Zephaniah," optional)
:'''"Zephaniah":''' "Leave... Seal this place&mdash; as promised&mdash;"
:'''"Zephaniah":''' (That voice seems to come from the very depths of the unmoving statue. The rejection in those words are like two resolute hands that aim to push you from this place...)

;(Interact with "Irizar," optional)
:'''"Irizar":''' "Leave! Go... I don't want him to see me&mdash; like this&mdash;"
:'''"Irizar":''' (The voice seems to come from the very depths of the unmoving statue. There is a hint of respect toward someone remaining within...)

;(Interact with the inscription)
:'''???:''' *hiss* Ugh&mdash; Aaah&mdash; I told you&mdash; It's dangerous, g&mdash;get out of here&mdash;
:'''???:''' Calamity&mdash; the seal&mdash; torn apart&mdash;
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Hroo... Rowrr...
:'''Titu:''' That voice is more complete now, but... Somehow, it's not as frightening as before.
:'''Titu:''' My head still hurts a little, though.
:'''Paimon:''' How you feeling, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} It's no big deal.
::'''Paimon:''' That's good...
:{{DIcon}} Now that's what they call "surround sound."
::'''Paimon:''' What? That's not what Paimon was asking at all!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway! How are you feeling, {{Little One}}?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Mmm?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, looks like you're fine, too.
:'''Titu:''' Now that we're here, it's clear that the voices we heard coming from the stone pillar must've been...
:{{DIcon}} Those of the Khaenri'ahn soldiers who've been sealed here too...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooh...
:'''Paimon:''' That means they were sealed in for many years, alongside the Abyss... But what's gone wrong here?
:'''Titu:''' I think... The problem here is similar to the one we encountered with the Lesser Shadow Pins above. The surging Abyss has caused the Iridescent Inscription's power to shatter and be squeezed out of that giant sealing pillar...
:'''Paimon:''' That means we'll need to find the large Inscription's fragments and find a way to put this "eggshell" back together again, right?
:'''Titu:''' Indeed. That way, the seal can be fully restored, and the Abyss will stay sealed in this place. Then... Everything will likely go back to normal.
:'''Titu:''' But as with the Lesser Shadow Pins, the solid [[phlogiston]] surface will have an intense adversarial reaction to the Abyss, which is why the ground undulates so...
:'''Titu:''' We must be careful.
:'''Paimon:''' Where are we gonna find said fragments, though?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Can you sense the Inscription's power hidden inside that thing, {{Little One}}? You sure do have a pretty sharp nose... Wait, you were using your nose, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, was that stone even there before?
:'''Titu:''' Did it... just appear as you approached the large Inscription, {{Traveler}}?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Hmm?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, whatever. Let's take a look around that rock first, shall we?

;(Approach the rock)
:;(Rifthound Whelps appear and walls form around the player)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, why are there so many Rifthounds!?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(After defeating the Rifthound Whelps)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, we can finally take a look at that rock. So the inscription's power is in there?
:''' {{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(Interact with the inscription fragment)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}'s got a real instinct for this! So it must mean that the inscription's power has been scattered among these big rocks...
:'''Paimon:''' Look, there's another one of those rocks over there! The inscription's power must be hidden in that one too.

;(Interact with the second inscription fragment)
:'''Paimon:''' Great! That's the second rock containing the inscription's power that we've smashed.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Titu:''' There's another one... right up at the top.

;(Interact with the third inscription fragment)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, it shrunk and floated off into the middle. That oughta do it, right?
:'''Titu:''' No, that's not enough...

;(Rifthound Whelps appear and walls form around the player)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooh... Rawr!

;(More Rifthound Whelps appear and are automatically vanquished right afterward)
;(Rifthound appears)

;(Interact with the fourth inscription fragment)
:'''Paimon:''' Great, the fourth fragment's flown over too!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, we're surrounded!
:'''Titu:''' We have to find the fragment of the Iridescent Inscription to bring balance back to the Solid Phlogiston.
:'''Titu:''' This is the only way we can hope to avoid being swallowed up by the earth.

;(Approach the end of the pathway)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is that a fragment of the Iridescent Inscription down there?

;(Interact with the fifth inscription fragment)
:'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's gotta be the last one, right?

;(Touch the inscription)
:'''Titu:''' Just touch it once more and let the power of the phlogiston flow fully through the Inscription. That way, the "eggshell" should seal up completely... preventing the Abyss from escaping.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that should solve our problem...
:'''Titu:''' Hmm... Let me try...
:'''???:''' Quick, quick! Seal us inside too&mdash; Just as we agreed&mdash;
:'''???:''' *hiss*&mdash; Then leave. Get out of here&mdash; Why aren't you leaving&mdash; The calamity&mdash;
:'''Titu:''' Listen! There are more voices &mdash; more than those two soldiers, for sure.
:{{Black Screen|Behind the glowing inscriptions, from a place further still than the anguished howls...<br>You hear wrathful roars, and the pained whimpering of Saurians.<br>You hear the sound of inchoate flesh and blood merging, the sick, giant, sticky, approaching footfalls of some giant thing beyond description.<br>But you also hear something like thousands of hands, thousands constantly resisting, pushing outward...}}
:{{Black Screen|You hear you hear you hear the endless battle in the narrow darkness.<br>It is... torment unto eternity.}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} They cannot find peace...
:{{DIcon}} They fight on still...
:'''Titu:''' Those heroes are still locked in battle to this day, preventing the Abyss from flooding out from the Iridescent Inscription.
:'''Titu:''' The stories I tell have purpose. We must always remember those brave warriors and their sacrifices.
:'''Titu:''' And yet... Such suffering. "Though the heroes were wounded, they shook it off, and stood up, nothing hurt withal." That is what the stories say.
:'''Titu:''' But real wounds cannot be so easily shaken, nor true torment so easily conquered... There they have suffered so long, in that tiny, lightless world.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Hroo!
:'''Paimon:''' Isn't there... anything we can do for them?
:'''Titu:''' I want to as well, but the Abyss...
:'''Titu:''' Perhaps the only thing we can do is inherit their will and reseal the Inscription. Nor has this been the first time the Shadow Pin has fallen &mdash; in our tribe's tales, anyway.
:'''Titu:''' Someone must have been here before, and someone must have read Traore's tablet. Those who came before to restore the Inscription must have seen what we saw.
:'''Titu:''' And yet... Our stories did not change, for the warnings they gave were real, as were the dangers.
:'''Titu:''' All we can do is restore the Inscription and leave. To remember always, and never forget all that we have witnessed...
:'''Paimon:''' Still... Ugh. They're supposed to be heroes! But they've been left here to suffer forever...
:{{DIcon}} You're right, Paimon.
::{{DIcon}} This is no end for heroes.
:'''Titu:''' I know that. I wish to give them peace, too. But I don't have that power. I'm just... a storyteller.
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooh!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry. We're strong together.
:{{DIcon}} Let's rewrite this story's ending.
:'''Titu:''' ...Really? You'd do that, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course {{MC|m=he|f=she}} would. Cross Paimon's heart!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Titu:''' The Abyss is dangerous beyond compare... I'm not questioning your strength, but don't push yourself too hard.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry. We've got experience with stuff like this &mdash; and we have the Inscription in a pinch, too.
:'''Titu:''' True...
:'''Titu:''' *sigh* You're even more impressive than I could have imagined. To be willing to give your all to resolve others' pain... Truly, you are great heroes.
:'''Titu:''' And I am a storyteller... so I will record the tales of heroes. Well then, {{Traveler}}, O hero from another land, please... Show me how you shall valiantly triumph over the Abyss.
:{{DIcon}} That we shall do.
:'''Titu:''' So... Shall we unseal the Iridescent Inscription now, or do you want to make some preparations first?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Let's go now.
::'''Titu:''' Alright. I wish you success, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} One moment. Let's prep real quick.
::'''Titu:''' Sure. Do all you need to... and be careful, {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to Titu again, if the player asked to prepare)
:'''Titu:''' Hah... What do you think, {{Traveler}}. Shall we unseal the Iridescent Inscription now?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes. Let's begin.
::'''Titu:''' Then I'll get to it... But please, be very careful.
:{{DIcon}} Give me a moment more to prepare.
::'''Titu:''' No worries. Just tell me once you're done...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Break the seal on the Iridescent Inscription and grant final rest to the heroes of yesteryear.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Unseal the inscription)
:'''Zephaniah:''' Didn't we agree... that we'd make our exit as soon as the seal was ready? Quick, Traore, lead your people away&mdash;

;(When Zephaniah reaches ~70% health)
:'''Zephaniah:''' I... will never submit to the dark... the cursed... Abyss!
:'''Irizar:''' You shall not... Pass... Aaaargh...

;(Upon defeating Zephaniah)
:'''Zephaniah:''' ...*sigh* My duty is done. These centuries of torment, they seem to have passed in an instant... Ah, thank you...

;(Upon defeating Irizar)
:'''Irizar:''' Did you see? Your orders have been carried out... You... won't be disappointed...

;(After defeating the enemies)
;(The Traveler and Paimon are transported to the [[Night Kingdom]])<!-- screen transition -->
:'''Paimon:''' Well, this is weird. There was all that scattered light earlier... and then we suddenly found ourselves here...?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. That's...
:'''"Beast With Fur Like That of Night":''' Come... over here...
:'''"Beast With Fur Like That of Night":''' You have brought so many slumberers, they who should have rested in peace...
:'''"Beast With Fur Like That of Night":''' Perhaps they prayed to spirits they should not have beseeched...
:'''"Beast With Fur Like That of Night":''' But that was a moonless night, where naught could be seen. The Night has long forgiven them. Yet hate and filth shall never rest, and they too shall never truly sleep again.
:'''"Beast With Fur Like That of Night":''' Thank you, O you who are beloved... You have soothed their fury, which raged in the darkness. It was you who brought them into the Night's reflection. The outland souls, too, may now return where they were headed...
:'''"Beast With Fur Like That of Night":''' ...
:'''"Beast With Fur Like That of Night":''' Go now. But beware the fearful instigators, and the ends plotted by those bearing ill-intent.
:;(The pair are teleported back)

;(Approach Titu and {{Little One}})
:'''Titu:''' You're back! {{Little One}} and I were worried, honestly.
:'''Titu:''' But hah, what did I say, little fella? They're fine, see?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Oooroo...
:'''Paimon:''' Heh. Not that we could explain where we went just now...
:{{DIcon}} It's a long story for sure...
:{{DIcon}} We saw a glowing cat...
::'''Titu:''' I&mdash;I see...
:'''Titu:''' In any case, thank you, {{Traveler}}. I never expected that the Abyss here could truly be purified.
:'''Titu:''' The Iridescent Inscription, too, is gone &mdash; almost as if it no longer needed to stay. The tormented voices have also fallen silent.
:'''Titu:''' And that golden light! How it flowed like water, spreading across the ground.
:'''Titu:''' I even felt as if there were people within that light, waving at us...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Titu:''' Did you see them too, little one? And there was that light that surrounded you &mdash; and then you were gone.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. We didn't see anything, though...
:'''Titu:''' *sigh* Thank you so much once again, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. You too, {{Little One}}.
:'''Titu:''' You truly are remarkable heroes. Thank you, on behalf of all those warriors who can finally know peace. Traore's final wishes have been fulfilled, and...
:'''Titu:''' As for those two Khaenri'ahn soldiers&mdash; no, Khaenri'ahn heroes! Now that the Abyss is no longer present, they need no longer serve as a warning to us.
:'''Titu:''' I must pen a story about them, about how they helped save the Children of Echoes... In truth, I did have a flash of revelation as to what their thoughts must've been.
:'''Titu:''' The Abyss represents such terrible peril that, were it up to me, I too might have made up some horror story to keep others from the tribe clear of this place.
:'''Titu:''' *sigh* It seems almost funny how I was previously worried about having nothing to write. Now there's almost too much here &mdash; in our tale about a golden-haired outlander, a flying white fairy, a little [[Tepetlisaurus]], and how they saved our tribe.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that sounds like a pretty awesome synopsis already!
:'''Titu:''' Indeed. Stories pass on and stories change. Perhaps one day, a long, long time hence, even you might become as big as a mountain, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Haargh! Behold, the mighty mountain, Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Look ye, how she swallows a [[Sweet Madame]] the size of a [[Sumpter Beast]] in a single bite!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Titu:''' Haha, I doubt there'd be too many of those, Paimon.
:'''Titu:''' And as these stories pass down... I imagine that those two soldiers, too, will eventually become heroes. They might not have cared themselves, but I know that this is what I must do.
:'''Titu:''' Once again, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, you have my utmost thanks... You too, of course, sharp little {{Little One}}.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Titu:''' As a storyteller, I swear to write for you the most exciting tale of adventure!
:'''Titu:''' Speaking of that&mdash; Oh, I should probably... head back to the sentry post to take up my shift.
:'''Titu:''' I'd almost forgotten about that amidst all the excitement...
:'''Titu:''' ...Ugh. I sure hope Yukom doesn't tear me a new one for being gone so long!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, uh, you should totally get back there pronto!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/nfEKPJZfV5E
|caption1 = Peace to the Slumbering Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Peace to the Slumbering
|zhs      = 令眠者得安宁
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 令眠者得安寧
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 眠れる者に安らぎを
|ja_rm    = Nemureru Mono ni Yasuragi wo
|ja_tl    = Peace for Those Who Slumber
|ko       = 잠든 자에게 안식을
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Paz para los que duermen
|es_tl    = Peace for Those Who Slumber
|fr       = Paix aux endormis
|fr_tl    = Peace to the Slumbering Ones
|ru       = Да упокоятся спящие
|ru_tl    = Let the Slumbering Rest in Peace
|th       = แด่ผู้หลับใหลสุขสงบ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Sự Yên Bình Cho Người Say Giấc
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ruhe den Schlummernden
|de_tl    = Rest to the Slumbering
|id       = Kedamaian Bagi yang Tertidur
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Paz aos Adormecidos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uyuyanlara Huzur
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Pace ai dormienti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}