{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Pearl Cage.png
|set   = Ocean-Hued Clam
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|The shining pearls that the [[Sangonomiya Shrine|shrine maidens of Watatsumi Island]] offer up shine eternally and never dim.}}
'''Pearl Cage''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Ocean-Hued Clam]].

==Description==
To the sea people, the bright pearls that Watatsumi's deity once praised are priceless treasures.<br />Only the Divine Priestess had the right to sing the great song themed around those pearls.

Legend has it that the rainbow-hued clams produced these flawless gems in gratitude for Watatsumi's tenderness.<br />In latter days, it was even said that the bloodline of the Divine Priestess was originally birthed from these pearls.<br />Having stepped down from her soft, vivid cradle, she and the sisters who danced with the sea and moon were greatly favored,<br />For out of his rejoicing and love, Omikami gave unto them beautiful gems that granted them the pure desire to pursue daylight.

In the hands of those whose veins run true with Watatsumi blood, pearls seem to gleam brighter than normal.<br />Perhaps this is but an ancient tale, the truth of which can no longer be verified.<br />But it is said that at the point of defeat, the Divine Priestess and the [[Yuna Twin|twin sisters]] exchanged their clothes and concealed themselves within the endless waves.<br />Only this bright pearl was lost in the rippling tumult, returning to the silent solitude of the depths.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pearl Cage
|zhs     = 真珠之笼
|zhs_rm  = Zhēnzhū zhī Lóng
|zht     = 真珠之籠
|zht_rm  = Zhēnzhū zhī Lóng
|zh_tl   = Pearl Cage
|ja      = 真珠の籠
|ja_rm   = Shinju no Kago
|ja_tl   = Pearl Cage
|ko      = 진주의 요람
|ko_rm   = Jinju-ui Yoram
|ko_tl   = Cradle of Pearl
|es      = Jaula de Perlas
|es_tl   = Cage of Pearls
|fr      = Écrin de perle
|fr_tl   = Pearl Case
|ru      = Жемчужная клетка
|ru_tl   = Pearl Cage
|th      = Pearl Cage
|vi      = Lồng Trân Châu
|vi_tl   = Pearl Cage
|de      = Perlenkäfig
|de_tl   = Pearl Cage
|id      = Pearl Cage
|pt      = Jaula de pérola
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İnci Kafesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Inro di perle
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Ocean-Hued Clam}}

[[fr:Écrin de perle]]
[[id:Pearl Cage]]
[[ja:真珠の籠]]