{{DISPLAYTITLE:Peculiar Wonderland}}
{{About|the Event [[World Quest]]|the [[Domain]]|Peculiar Wonderland}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70656
|title         = Peculiar Wonderland
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[Whispering Woods]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Plauen; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Whispering Woods
}}
'''''Peculiar Wonderland''''' is one of the event world quests of [[Invitation of Windblume]].

Completing this quest unlocks the event domain [[Invitation of Windblume/Peculiar Wonderland|Peculiar Wonderland]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Plauen]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Plauen of the Adventurers' Guild would like to introduce you to a mysterious Domain in the wilds of Mondstadt.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Plauen)
:'''Plauen:''' Welcome! Did you come here to challenge the domain in front of your very eyes?
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't say no to that.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like a special one.
:'''Plauen:''' You've found the right guy, then. Allow me to introduce it to you. I'm Plauen of the [[Adventurers' Guild]], in charge of securing the entrance to this domain.
:'''Plauen:''' According to our records, it seems to only appear at specific times.
:'''Plauen:''' It's the Windblume Festival at the moment, so we made a few modifications to the interior to turn it into a unique challenge before opening it to the public.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that dangerous?
:'''Plauen:''' Not to worry. This is a special event organized to celebrate this festival. We'll have seasoned adventurers accompanying anyone who doesn't have any adventuring experience.
:'''Plauen:''' I doubt that you'll need any help on that front, though, veteran that you are.
:'''Plauen:''' You can explore this Domain alone or invite some friends to come along. Either way, you'll receive a reward if you make it to the end.
:{{DIcon}} Will do.
:{{DIcon}} Will do &mdash; so long as there's a reward.
:'''Plauen:''' Then I shan't delay you any longer. Have fun in there!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Peculiar Wonderland
|zhs     = 奇趣秘园
|zhs_rm  = Qíqù Mì Yuán
|zht     = 奇趣秘園
|zht_rm  = Qíqù Mì Yuán
|zh_tl   = Peculiar Secret Garden
|ja      = メルヒェンランド
|ja_rm   = Meruhyenrando
|ja_tl   = Fairy Tale Land
|ja_note = {{lang|de=Märchenland}}
|ko      = 기묘한 정원
|ko_rm   = Gimyohan Jeongwon
|ko_tl   = Peculiar Garden
|es      = Jardín peculiar
|es_tl   = Peculiar Garden
|fr      = Jardin secret
|fr_tl   = Secret Garden
|ru      = Увлекательная страна чудес
|ru_tl   = Fascinating Wonderland
|th      = สวนลึกลับสุดพิศวง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khu Vườn Kỳ Thú
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Garten der Gelüste
|de_tl   = Garden of Desires
|id      = Peculiar Wonderland
|pt      = Paraíso Peculiar
|pt_tl   = Peculiar Paradise
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}