{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72281
|image         = Event Pen Pals Book Reviews and the Super Lucky General.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|chapter       = Festival Deeds
|actNum        = IV
|actType       = Part
|requirement   = Complete [[The Five Colors' True Form]]
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Amazing Gift (Furnishing)*1
|characters    = Akito; Fukumoto (Hues of the Violet Garden); Gorou; Murata (Inazuma); Onodera; Paimon; Sangonomiya Kokomi; Traveler; Yae Miko; Youta
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Pen Pals, Book Reviews, and the Super Lucky General''''' is an Event Quest part of [[Festival Deeds]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Wait till the next morning (08:00 – 10:00)
# Go to the docks
# Accompany [[Kokomi]] to see her pen pal
# Look for [[Gorou]]
# Buy the books
# Get the reserved novel
# Go to the Raffle Machine
# Wait at The Five Kasen Plaza
# Go to the docks to see Kokomi and Gorou off (18:00 - 20:00 the next day)
# Go to the docks to see Kokomi and Gorou off

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Irodori Festival is drawing to a close, but the harbor arrival schedule shows that there is still one more ship arriving bearing guests...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait until the next day)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, according to the [[Arrival Schedule|arrival schedule]], there should be one last ship arriving in Ritou today.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But the Irodori Festival is coming to an end. Who would be showing up now?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's almost time. Let's go to the harbor and take a look.

;(Approach the docks)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, nice to see you again.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it's Kokomi and Gorou. So the Divine Priestess and the general of Watatsumi Island have come to take part in the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Yes, but we are not here representing Watatsumi Island's administration. We were invited as individuals.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Things are quiet in Watatsumi Island at the moment, and I wanted to buy some books. So, I decided to make the trip here.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Gorou was not greatly interested in the Irodori Festival. But he said if I was going to Ritou, he would join me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency is traveling outside of Watatsumi Island and also meeting her pen pal today. As her general, it is my duty to ensure her safety at every turn.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Pen pal?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Yes. We started corresponding just recently.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' My pen pal and I share very similar tastes in light novels, and we always have a lot of interesting thoughts to share. Of course, there are also times when we fiercely disagree.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Since we were both coming to the Irodori Festival this time, we decided to take the opportunity to hold a book review session, and discuss our views on various novels in more depth.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds pretty professional! Hey, since you both like novels, why don't you try writing one together? Who knows, maybe you'll shake things up on the Inazuman literary scene.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehe, that's a very interesting idea.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It's almost time, {{Traveler}}. Gorou and I must go to meet my pen pal at the agreed upon location.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kokomi, Paimon's super curious about this pen pal of yours. Can Paimon come with you? Don't worry, Paimon will just watch from a distance and won't interrupt anything.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 2 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hmm, let me think... Yes, I think it should be fine for you two to come with me. Alright, let's go together.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Kokomi has agreed to meet her pen pal at The Five Kasen Plaza. You're quite curious as to that person's identity yourself, so you might as well tag along.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the plaza)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' This is the meeting spot.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There's no one else around. It looks like we're early...
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' My, my, who have we here?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' M&mdash;Miko!
;(Gorou runs away)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Oh no, Paimon hadn't counted on running into Miko! She and Kokomi are on different sides, and they also believe in different gods...)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Are they gonna end up... having a fight?)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Lady Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine &mdash; no wonder. I was just wondering where that air of superiority was coming from.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, if it isn't the leader of Watatsumi Island, who looks as soft as a jellyfish, but whose words sting like one, too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh... this is getting out of control fast...
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hello, nice to meet you, "Fried Tofu With All the Frills."
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The pleasure is all mine, "Sole of the Deep."
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 together 01.ogg}} '''Miko & Kokomi:''' Hehehehehe...
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey... what's going on here?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko is Kokomi's pen pal!?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, it can't be. Look at them, clearly they already knew each other! Does that mean...
:{{DIcon}} This so-called meeting of pen pals...
:{{DIcon}} ...is just a cover-up?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? Whatever are you talking about? I don't understand. I'm simply here for the book review session with Miss Sole of the Deep.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let's go. The venue for this meeting is in the Kanjou Commission headquarters up there. The view is excellent, making it a perfect place to drink tea and discuss creative ideas.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who holds a book review in the Kanjou Commission? You seriously expect anyone to believe that!?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're not here to talk about shaking up the Inazuman literary scene... You're here to talk about shaking up things in Inazuma as a whole.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehe, Watatsumi Island will soon hold formal talks with the Shogunate on Inazuma's future development. It's essential to have an informal meeting like this one before the formal talks begin.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Right. Especially with someone outside of the Shogunate like myself, who is in a good position to test out where each party draws the lines.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But this is just our first meeting. It's a little too early to announce it to the general public.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, okay then.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' By the way, where is your general? Didn't you say he would be joining you?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, that's right... Where did Gorou go...?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Gorou went to buy some books for me. He won't be attending the book review.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, what a pity. I was rather looking forward to seeing his fluffy ears again.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' {{Traveler}}, I'd like to talk to you for a moment.
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I have been getting the sense that Gorou does not like having to deal with Guuji Yae, so I was initially reluctant to bring him to Ritou with me this time.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I noticed he instinctively hid as soon as he saw her just now. However, Gorou has a strong sense of responsibility, and will feel ashamed when he next sees me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' So, I would like to give him the task of buying some books for me to make things easier for him.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But Gorou rarely buys anything. So as a favor for me, I'd like to ask you to accompany him.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, leave it to me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kokomi, you focus on the meeting with Miko. Leave the books to us and Gorou.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 3 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Thank you. I made a list of the books I'd like to buy. Please pass it on to Gorou.
;(Obtain {{Item|Kokomi's Shopping List}})
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Gorou seems to have hidden for fear of dealing with Miko. To ameliorate his guilt, Kokomi suggests getting him to buy some books. Track him down and give him his new mission.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Gorou)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou, are you alright?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 4 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah! It's you... *sigh* I wasn't expecting you-know-who to show up &mdash; it completely caught me by surprise. I had no idea what to say to her... Next thing I knew, I'd apparently already taken cover.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 4 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I came here to ensure the safety of Her Excellency, but now I'm useless... I've become a burden instead.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou, don't be so hard on yourself. Actually, Kokomi asked us to give you a very important task.
:{{Black Screen|You give Kokomi's list of books to Gorou.}}
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 4 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency's purchase list... Got it, this is how Her Excellency wants me to make up for my mistakes! No problem, just leave it to me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou, let us come with you. We can show you around the Irodori Festival while we're at it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 4 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Thank you so much!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Accompany Gorou to buy books at the Irodori Festival}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Fukumoto's stall)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There is a children's storybook on this list called "Night at Mt. Yougou." I think this is the stand where it's being sold.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A children's storybook?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes. It's for the children of Watatsumi Island. Her Excellency says that this book is simply written and very useful for learning new words.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hello, I'll take five copies of "Night at Mt. Yougou," please.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 fukumoto 01.ogg}} '''Fukumoto:''' Thank you for your patronage!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 fukumoto 02.ogg}} '''Fukumoto:''' Wow, you're a lucky customer! There's a coupon in one of the books you just bought which entitles you to a free gift!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Gorou got a free gift! That's amazing.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 fukumoto 03.ogg}} '''Fukumoto:''' Here you go &mdash; a toy fox, it's all yours!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What? A&mdash;A toy fox?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 fukumoto 04.ogg}} '''Fukumoto:''' Are you okay? The hair on your tail is standing on end...
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm fine, thanks for the gift.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' {{Traveler}}, could you maybe, uh, look... l&mdash; look after the toy for me?
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes. As a thank-you gift for coming with me to buy the books.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Seems like Gorou still hasn't recovered from seeing Miko.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Okay, next up... Hmm, this isn't the focus of this trip, but let's go buy a light novel.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It says on the list that Her Excellency had an editor called [[Onodera]] purchase the latest issue of "[[A Legend of Sword]]" for her in advance. We'd better not keep him waiting too long.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we know him. We'll lead the way.
;(Obtain {{Item|Toy Fox}})
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Bring Gorou to see Onodera and pick up the new issue of "A Legend of Sword" for "Sole of the Deep."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Excuse me, are you Mr. Onodera? I'm here to pick up the new issue of "A Legend of Sword" for "Sole of the Deep."
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Hello there, yes, I have the book right here. I heard "Sole of the Deep" is a VIP of the Irodori Festival, but couldn't make it here in time for the signing event due to the shipping schedule.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Also, if you have these books available, please give me one of each. Thank you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 onodera 02.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Alright, let me see...
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 onodera 03.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Oh my goodness, it's your lucky day today, sir!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 onodera 04.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' You are the 100th reader to buy "[[The Saga of Hamavaran]]"! That entitles you to receive a special-edition version with a review personally written by Lady Yae herself!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ugh... are you serious?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 onodera 05.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Are you okay? You don't look very well.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I&mdash;I'm fine. Thank you for the books.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Ex.... "Sole of the Deep" asked me to buy this book, after all. I'm sure she'll be very happy to receive a special version with a chief editor's review, hah, haha.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou does not look like he's enjoying this at all. Paimon doesn't know if he's lucky or unlucky.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 6 onodera 06.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Oh, one other thing &mdash; because of the amount of your purchase, you're able to enter the Yae Publishing House's lucky draw. Please come with me, right this way.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Gorou has not only gotten a special edition novel that comes with a review by Miko, but he has also won a raffle opportunity. It seems that his good luck persists...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the raffle machine)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Sir, please take your lucky draw whenever you are ready.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 murata 01.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Just turn the handle and a prize ball will come out. Maybe today's your lucky day!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, Gorou, go for it!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 murata 02.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Let me see... Wow, incredible! You got the golden ball, that's the grand prize!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou, you're a lucky dog today! So what is the grand prize, anyway?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 murata 03.ogg}} '''Murata:''' The grand prize is a full collection of each light novel published by Yae Publishing House!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 murata 04.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Not only is the prize awarded personally by Lady Yae, but you will also have the chance to shake hands and take a photo with her to commemorate the occasion!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What? Not only do I have to meet her... but I have to shake her hand and take a photo with her, too!?
:{{DIcon}} Gorou! Hang in there!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 youta 01.ogg}} '''Youta:''' What? This guy won the Yae Publishing House's grand prize? Wow, that's so lucky!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 akito 01.ogg}} '''Akito:''' An entire set of all their light novels... That's worth a lot of money!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ugh... Um, excuse me, Ma'am, could we discuss this? I don't actually want the light novels.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 murata 05.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Huh? You mean you want to give up the prize?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou! Don't give up your prize! If you don't want to see Miko, that's fine &mdash; we'll figure something out!
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' No, that's not what I meant. I'm not giving up the prize, and I can cope with the ceremony and the picture-taking.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But I have a request. I would like to ask Yae Publishing House to change the prize from light novels to books on agricultural science of equivalent value.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Agricultural science?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes. The land in Watatsumi Island is quite barren and always yields a poor grain harvest. We've been looking for new ways to improve the residents' lives.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' One of Her Ex... Sole of the Deep's core objectives for the Irodori Festival was to purchase some works on crop cultivation and aquaculture.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If I can get these books as my prize instead, we can save a lot of money, and Sole of the Deep can buy some other useful resources, too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 murata 06.ogg}} '''Murata:''' I see. I understand your request, but I don't have the authority to grant it. Lady Yae will have to have the final say.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 murata 07.ogg}} '''Murata:''' I will contact Lady Yae now &mdash; please wait for our reply at The Five Kasen Plaza. Depending on the situation, Lady Yae might need to negotiate this matter with you further in person.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 7 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Okay, understood.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Gorou would like to have the light novel he won changed to scientific texts on agriculture. However, only Miko can decide concerning this matter. Go to The Five Kasen Plaza with Gorou to await her reply.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approah the plaza)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou, that was pretty brave of you. You clearly don't like having to deal with Miko, but you still agreed to the ceremony and even made your own demands.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You think so? I guess I got a burst of courage when I thought about Her Excellency's orders and the people of Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I am the general of Watatsumi Island's armed forces. How can I let something like this defeat me?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm ready now. I feel like I'm back on the battlefield. Even if Yae Miko does come to negotiate with me, I won't let myself be pressured by her.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You still look pretty nervous, though, Gorou.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Haha... well, probably because I just realized she might make a cunning counter-request just to toy with me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 murata 01.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Sorry for keeping you all waiting.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' How did it go? What did Guuji Yae say?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 murata 02.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Lady Yae has agreed to your request to swap the light novels for books on agricultural science.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's great.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 murata 03.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Additionally, Lady Yae says that she will include a few extra works, considering your intended use for those books.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 murata 04.ogg}} '''Murata:''' You may accompany me to Yae Publishing House's warehouse to select your preferred books. I believe your return ship leaves tomorrow night? We will package the selected books and take them directly onto the ship for you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You'll package the books? Then, what about the ceremony?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 murata 05.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Lady Yae said selecting the books may take up a lot of your time and energy. To ensure you have fond memories of the Irodori Festival, she decided to cancel the ceremony.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 murata 06.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Although, she did leave you a letter. You can read it in your own time.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I didn't think Yae Miko would cancel the ceremony. Huh, I was so convinced that she would try and make a fool out of me. Now it seems like I was overly suspicious of her.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Anyway, I'll go with the editor to pick the books now. I won't trouble you guys anymore.
:{{DIcon}} See you tomorrow night, Gorou.
:{{DIcon}} We'll see you off at the harbor.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 8 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Great. See you tomorrow night.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Kokomi and Gorou will be returning to Watatsumi Island tomorrow evening. See them off at the docks then.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait until the next day)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Kokomi and Gorou are about to return to Watatsumi. See them off at the docks.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After passing the time)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kokomi and Gorou will be boarding their boat home soon. Let's go down to the harbor and see them off.

;(Approach the docks)
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, thank you for coming to see us off.
:{{DIcon}} How was your trip to Ritou?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Very worthwhile. The book review session was a big success, and I feel very positive about the forthcoming talks.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Gorou also made a great contribution. He procured a whole batch of useful books for Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I may have won the prize, but ultimately it was Yae Miko who gave us all these books for free. If I have the chance in the future, I must thank her properly.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Speaking of, didn't Yae Miko send you a letter yesterday? What did it say?
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh, I almost forgot! I'll read it now...
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Dear Gorou, I suppose you must have been extremely nervous when you heard about the prospect of the award ceremony and the photo.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It came as a surprise indeed to learn that not only did you accept those conditions, you also made your own demands. Your courage has won my respect.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Those books are a token of my goodwill to Watatsumi Island, and also my gift to you. I do hope you like them.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah yes, I'm sure that by this point you must be feeling ever so grateful for my kindness and are looking for a way to repay me, yes? Well, here's your chance.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yae Publishing House will host an event next month, and we are looking for someone to dress up as a character from a light novel and interact with the fans.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Gorou, you are not only patient but also very beautiful. Why don't you come and help us? I'll prepare a tailor-made outfit, just for you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, and by the way &mdash; it'll be a woman's outfit.
:{{A|vo rcjwq004 10 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Aaaaah!!! I knew it, I knew she was up to something!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pen Pals, Book Reviews, and the Super Lucky General
|zhs     = 笔友、小说鉴赏会与超幸运的大将
|zhs_rm  = Bǐyǒu, Xiǎoshuō Jiànshǎng-huì yǔ Chāo Xìngyùn de Dàjiàng
|zht     = 筆友、小說鑒賞會與超幸運的大將
|zht_rm  = Bǐyǒu, Xiǎoshuō Jiànshǎng-huì yǔ Chāo Xìngyùn de Dàjiàng
|zh_tl   = Pen Pals, Novel Evaluation and Appreciation, and the Super Lucky General
|ja      = 文通と小説観賞会と超幸運な大将
|ja_rm   = Buntsuu to Shousetsu Kanshou-kai to Chou Kou'un-na Taishou
|ja_tl   = Correspondence, Novel Review Sessions, and the Super Lucky General
|ko      = 펜팔 친구, 소설 감상회와 슈퍼 럭키 대장
|ko_rm   = Penpal Chin'gu, Soseol Gamsanghoe-wa Syupeo Leok'ki Daejang
|ko_tl   = Pen Pal Friends, Book Reviews and the Super Lucky General
|es      = Amigas por correspondencia, sesiones de reseñas y un general suertudo
|es_tl   = Pen Pals, Review Sessions, and a Lucky General
|fr      = Correspondances, critiques de livres et un général super chanceux
|fr_tl   = Correspondences, Book Reviews, and a Super Lucky General
|ru      = Друзья по переписке, обсуждение книг и невероятно везучий генерал
|ru_tl   = Pen Pals, Discussions About Books and Unbelievably Lucky General
|th      = เพื่อนทางจดหมาย, ชื่นชมนวนิยายและนายพลผู้โชคดี
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Hội|会}} {{tt|Giám Định|鉴定}} {{tt|Tiểu Thuyết|小说}} Và {{tt|Đại Tướng|大将}} May Mắn
|vi_tl   = Novel Assessment Group and Lucky General
|de      = Brieffreunde, Buch&shy;besprechungen und der Super-Glücks-General
|de_tl   = Pen Pals, Book Reviews and the Super-Luck-General
|id      = Sahabat Pena, Mengulas Buku, dan Jenderal Super Beruntung
|id_tl   = Pen Pals, Reviewing Book, and Super Lucky General
|pt      = Amigas por Correspondência, Sessão de Resenhas de Livros e Um General Sortudo
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Amigas por Correspondência, Sessão de Resenhas de Livros e Um General Sortudo]]
[[ru:Друзья по переписке, обсуждение книг и невероятно везучий генерал]]