{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11113
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Papilio Charontis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away
|character     = Hu Tao
|startLocation = [[Wuwang Hill]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wuwang Hill
|prev          = Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
|domain        = Enter the "border"
|exp           = 600
|mora          = 41,750
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Diligence|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|9}}
|characters    = Big G; Congzi; Hu Tao; Lanxi; Little Wu; Meng; Mo; Mumu; Paimon; Shu'yang; Traveler; Zhu Ming
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Perfect Send Off''' is the fourth and final part of [[Hu Tao]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Papilio Charontis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away]].

==Steps==
# Take the keepsakes to [[Wuwang Hill]] and give them to [[Hu Tao]]
# Go the "ordinary place" mentioned by Hu Tao
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Enter the "border"]]
#* To avoid getting stuck in the infinite staircase room, do not immediately place the blue orb in one of the lamps upon entering the room. Instead, take the blue orb and continue on one flight down, swim around, then place the blue orb in the next lamp down. By this point, another blue orb will have spawned where the first one was. From then, place the second blue orb in the remaining lamp to open the door.
# Continue forward to witness the farewell ceremony
# Talk to Hu Tao while the old friends are reminiscing
# Go back to Wuwang Hill to send [[Big G]] off

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It turns out that [[Big G]]'s spirit was attracted by the exorcism. Upon learning that Big G has not become a malevolent spirit and simply wanted to check on [[Meng]] and other childhood friends, [[Hu Tao]] decides to fulfill his wish and organize a farewell ceremony for him. To give him peace of mind, you collected keepsakes and well-wishes that Big G's childhood friends prepared for him. The only thing left now is to send him off.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Hu Tao)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh! You're back already? Sooner than I expected!
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You didn't go spilling the beans, did you, Paimon?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does Paimon look that unreliable to you?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hee-hee, I'm kidding. Anyway, looks like they were willing to hand over some keepsakes, so I guess they knew the deal.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Nevertheless, when it comes to things like ghosts and ghouls, spirits and souls, the one thing everyone knows is you never know what to expect...
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Which explains why they were reluctant to pry and find out the full story. Which is just as well &mdash; because if they had attempted to... it would have been too much for me to deal with.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds terrifying.
:{{DIcon}} I can't tell if you're serious anymore.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' "Guard the border between life and death..." This is Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's most important responsibility. And I'm stricter than most...
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what about us? Does it matter if we cross the "border"?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Of course not. After all, you were caught up in all this already, just like Meng. It's not the end of the world if you catch a glimpse behind the curtain.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And where we're going, don't be surprised at what you may see or what may occur.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' All of it exists within the border between the living and the dead, an ordinary place, really. The only special thing about it is that nobody really knows about it.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Whatever you do, don't get all worked up over nothing, okay? Or else by the time we're out, I'll have to erase your memories.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So, listen to everything I say. Let's go!
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon's scared...
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But like Hu Tao says, we're already caught up in this. We'd better see it through to the end.
----
;(Enter the "border")
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, what is this place?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Somewhere close to "death," but not like the hell or underworld from the tales of old. This is just a place where the Ley Lines tend to go a little bit haywire.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So keep your cool. Follow me, the farewell ceremony site is just up ahead.

;(Approach the glowing symbol)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That pattern looks familiar...
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' From the {{Color|buzzword|right angle}}, you can make out the whole thing.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, just like last time!
----
;(Defeat the slimes)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place doesn't feel... at peace.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's why it's named the "border," you can't just cross whenever you please. You need to have a little &mdash; ah, how do people normally put it... "pomp and ceremony"?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's pretty sure that's not how people put it...
----
;(Approach second glowing symbol)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' By the way, I imagine Adventurers' Guild members are good at making order of things?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 17.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' See if you can find a way to get the right things into the right places. Usually it requires a bit of {{Color|buzzword|destruction}}, as well as {{Color|buzzword|elemental reactions}}. On your marks!
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You talking to us?
----
;(Enter the room with the large door)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This looks the same, but there aren't enough!
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So confusing! Let's have a look around... or up ahead!

;(Take the side path and enter the room a second time)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Huh? Isn't this where we just were before?

;(Take the side path a second time)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' What in Teyvat is going on? Have we even been moving forward this whole time?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's almost as if we're constantly being sent back to the beginning, everything resets!

;(Enter the room more than twice)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' We're stuck! The spirits have trapped us!
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 18.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hahaha, don't be daft. You've put my mind at rest. Seems it's not easy for ordinary folks to cross over.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you set us up!?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 19.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Aiya... If you don't have enough, then why not just {{Color|buzzword|carry it through a few more times}}?
----
;(Enter the opened door)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Finally! Paimon thought we were gonna be trapped in that weird place forever!
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 20.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's exactly the point. Trespassers end up running scared.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's the weird stuff out of the way, right?
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 21.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Yep, just dive off the edge here.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wahhhh!?
:;(Camera pulls back to reveal a massive drop)

;(Approach the end of the tunnel)
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 22.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Welcome to the farewell ceremony site! Our destination is just up ahead.
:{{A|vo htlq004 1 hutao 23.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I know you're excited, so feel free to have a look around and talk amongst yourselves. Soon, you'll find out there's nothing special about this place.
----
;(Talk to [[Lanxi]])
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 lanxi 01.ogg}} '''Lanxi:''' Are you... clients? Apologies, this is just a little unexpected.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 lanxi 02.ogg}} '''Lanxi:''' Seeing that it was Hu Tao that brought you puts me at ease... But I'm afraid we don't have the means to entertain guests here.
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 lanxi 03.ogg}} '''Lanxi:''' My name is Lanxi, I've been waiting for someone for a long time now, exactly how long I couldn't really say.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 lanxi 04.ogg}} '''Lanxi:''' Everyone says waiting is difficult, but walking, watching, talking to newcomers and the old crowd... It helps to pass the time.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 lanxi 05.ogg}} '''Lanxi:''' I can keep waiting, but who knows whether what I'm waiting for will ever come to pass?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 lanxi 06.ogg}} '''Lanxi:''' It's all the same to me, waiting's all I can do anyway. But if you, too, are looking for someone important to you, it's best not to keep waiting forever.

;(Talk to [[Zhu Ming]])
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 zhuming 01.ogg}} '''Zhu Ming:''' Are you new here? What a coincidence, so am I!
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 zhuming 02.ogg}} '''Zhu Ming:''' I can't believe how nice the scenery is! I thought it would be all pitch-black and freezing cold, with no sense of space or time!
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 zhuming 03.ogg}} '''Zhu Ming:''' Here I can finally work out a lifetime of emotions, it's fantastic. Haha, perhaps I just set my expectations too low.

;(Talk to [[Mo]] or [[Shu'yang]])
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 shuyang 01.ogg}} '''Shu'yang:''' By the way, have you seen Uncle Zhang recently?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 unclemo 01.ogg}} '''Mo:''' That guy? I remember him saying it was time for him to move on.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 shuyang 02.ogg}} '''Shu'yang:''' Ah, good for him. I wonder where he's off to next?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 unclemo 02.ogg}} '''Mo:''' If you're curious, why don't we go and see for ourselves?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 shuyang 03.ogg}} '''Shu'yang:''' Haha, some other time perhaps. I'd like to stay here for a while.
----
;(Approach memory)
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 littlewumemory 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu (Memory):''' It's the Lantern Rite again. Wouldn't it be cool if we got to see the lanterns ourselves one day?
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 congmemory 01.ogg}} '''Congzi (Memory):''' You can make a wish without a lantern, you know. My mom told me &mdash; as long as you yell it really loud, your wish will come true in the future.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 biggmemory 01.ogg}} '''Big G (Memory):''' Yell it? Isn't that... kinda embarrassing?
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 mengmemory 01.ogg}} '''Meng (Memory):''' As soon as the first person yells, then everyone else just joins in, and nobody feels embarrassed anymore.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 congmemory 02.ogg}} '''Congzi (Memory):''' That's right. Little Wu, you start.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 littlewumemory 02.ogg}} '''Little Wu (Memory):''' Alright... I&mdash;I wish I could open a massive restaurant, with never-ending dishes and snacks, so I could eat [[Jueyun Chili Chicken]] every day!
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 mumumemory 01.ogg}} '''Mumu (Memory):''' Hahaha, that's your wish?
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 littlewumemory 03.ogg}} '''Little Wu (Memory):''' If that's so funny, what's your wish?
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 mumumemory 02.ogg}} '''Mumu (Memory):''' To get rich of course! Do big business and make a load of Mora! With Mora, you can do whatever you want and be happy!
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 mengmemory 02.ogg}} '''Meng (Memory):''' Yeah, if you get rich you could buy that super expensive [[Luxurious Toybox|toybox]].
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 mumumemory 03.ogg}} '''Mumu (Memory):''' Not just one... One for everyone &mdash; no, loads for everyone!
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 congmemory 03.ogg}} '''Congzi (Memory):''' Well, if Mumu's gonna be a businessman, then I don't need to earn any money.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 mumumemory 04.ogg}} '''Mumu (Memory):''' Whoa whoa whoa, it's tough getting rich. Don't put all the pressure on me!
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 congmemory 04.ogg}} '''Congzi (Memory):''' As for me, I want to learn to make Mingxiao Lanterns, the big kind! And Xiao Lanterns too. I'll be the best artisan around.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 biggmemory 02.ogg}} '''Big G (Memory):''' Yeah, that way we don't need to go to Liyue Harbor to release Xiao Lanterns!
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 littlewumemory 04.ogg}} '''Little Wu (Memory):''' Anyway, those are our wishes. Meng, Big G, what about you?
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 biggmemory 03.ogg}} '''Big G (Memory):''' Me...?
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, they all disappeared... right when he was about to make his wish.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' It brings back so many memories! That was the last Lantern Rite the five of us spent together.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 bigg 01.ogg}} '''Big G:''' It's been so long... Everyone's all grown up...
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 bigg 02.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Have all of those wishes really come true?
:{{DIcon}} They've come true.
:{{DIcon}} We can prove it to you.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We asked each of them for parting gifts for you.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Little Wu's become a chef, Mumu's a successful businessman, and Congzi makes great Xiao Lanterns.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 bigg 03.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Really...
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 bigg 04.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Wow...
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' We've never forgotten our childhood dreams. We've kept them in our hearts as a promise to each other.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Anyway. Time to release this lantern.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hey (Traveler), take a hint.
:{{A|vo htlq004 4 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Let's give them some space to go over the good old days.
----
;(Listen to Big G and Meng before talking to Hu Tao)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 bigg 01.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Wow, there are even the names of all five of us on it!
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 bigg 02.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Hehe, amazing. Oh, didn't you just say that you release lanterns every year? Do you plan to add more names over the years?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 bigg 03.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Like Little Wu's kids and Mumu's wife?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Actually, I have some good news. Mumu is soon to be a father. He's been talking about nothing else recently. He's excited and nervous at the same time.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 bigg 04.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Hahaha, I wonder if such a goofball will make a good father.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' No, no, no, you'd be surprised how sharp-witted he is now. Let me tell you...
----
;(Talk to Hu Tao)
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Take the hint"? Really? Of all of us, you're the one who needs to learn how to read the room.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you need to "guard the border"?
::{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 01a.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Meng's already crossed the "border," that's the only way to send Big G off.
:{{DIcon}} Your scope of work is nothing like I imagined.
::{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 02b.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Really? The end result is the same, though. Exactly what I do and how I do it are just minor technicalities.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' As I explained, Wangsheng Funeral Parlor was, once upon a time, more akin to a doctor's office than an actual funeral parlor.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' During the [[Archon War]], piles of corpses covered the wilderness. People were plunged into misery and suffering. Disease was spreading all over the land. Death devastated the world of the living.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Such were the times when the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor was first established. As humans, its founders were deemed too insignificant to matter, but slowly, they managed to drive away death.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They must've paid a huge price for that.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' After generations, Liyue Harbor became a bustling hub of prosperity, luring people with dreams of great fame and abundant Mora. But in the end, some lunatics stirred up the "legacy" of the dead.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' By that, I mean the remnants of the defeated gods that ravaged the world. I won't go into specifics of that situation, but suffice to say that at its peak, life was on the verge of bringing about its own extinction, while death was coming back with a vengeance.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' It took a long, long time, longer than you'd think, to restore balance and reinstate the "border." Without it, Liyue Harbor as we know it wouldn't be here today &mdash; neither would the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, you, or me.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't expect you to be such a storyteller.
::{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 09a.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hahaha, the previous directors all loved to tell this one, too. Although, if you ask me, I think I tell it best.
:{{DIcon}} Can you reveal a bit more?
::{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 09b.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Not a chance! Curiosity can be perilous, you know. Don't forget my warning, the less you know, the better.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' What you make of my words is up to you. I do hope that most of it flew over your heads, though. The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is just that, a funeral parlor. Nothing more to it.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's for the better.
:{{DIcon}} Won't disagree. It's time to go back.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' We live in peaceful times, but this harmonious coexistence between life and death should never be taken for granted.
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Huh, it's about time. Let's go! Let's take them to "the place where all begins and all goes to rest"!
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of place is that?
:{{A|vo htlq004 5 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I just mean where we first bumped into each other. I come up with fun names for things sometimes, okay? No need to hound me with questions about every little thing I say!
----
;(Approach the marked location at Wuwang Hill)
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I think we did everything we could to make you happy, Big G, wouldn't you say?
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But... if you ever really do become an evil spirit and come back with more nefarious nonsense in mind, I may have to forget our friendship and give you a far less fond farewell...
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 bigg 01.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I won't, I promise! ...I'm grateful for everything you've done for me.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 bigg 02.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Now that I know that my friends are doing so well, I have no intention to bother them.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I also want to thank you. You made my dream come true, too.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So you should also mind my warning, Meng. If you won't let go of the past, I might reunite you two sooner than you think.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' How can you say such horrendous things with that smile on your face...
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hahaha, well then, last but not least, let's say our good-byes to Big G.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you later, Big G!
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Not like that! You won't be "seeing him later." Let's stick to "good bye" and such.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 bigg 03.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Hahaha, no worries. I'll just take my leave.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 bigg 04.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I'm sorry. Of all the wishes we yelled that day, only ours hasn't come true.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Don't be bothered by that. No life is without its regrets. You can leave in peace now.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 bigg 05.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Alright, I'll remember you all... Good bye...
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' He's gone, then... *sigh*
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 05.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I thought that closure would bring me relief, but all I can feel now is... emptiness.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what was the wish you two made? We didn't have a chance to hear it earlier.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 06.ogg}} '''Meng:''' "After each of us has started a family and built a career, we want both our families to spend the Lantern Rite together."
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 07.ogg}} '''Meng:''' That's why I envy my friends so much. Little Wu and the rest, they all had a chance to fulfill their wishes. Mine, however, will remain just a dream...
:{{DIcon}} Cheer up.
:{{DIcon}} You still have a lot ahead of you.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's right. Also, think about this: Everyone gets burnt to ash one day.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So enjoy your life while you can, and when your duty to the living is over, you can meet whoever you want again in the afterlife. Isn't that great?
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 08.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Uhhhh... Th&mdash;Thank you?
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 meng 09.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Either way, I don't think I'll ever return to Wuwang Hill. I have a lot of feelings to process.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' No worries, it's a good opportunity for you to go on vacation. Consider your leave approved. Ah, naturally, this doesn't change the terms of our previous agreement. The leave will be unpaid.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Aren't you forgetting about something?
:{{DIcon}} You promised that you'll help us in our search.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I took you to the "border" and let you have a look around, didn't I? But based on your reaction, it seems like you didn't find what you're looking for. It's a pity, indeed.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...The biggest pity of all is your lack of help!
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hahaha, I was fishing around on your behalf through the channels that aren't accessible to you. Unfortunately, I didn't find any leads worth pursuing either.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I'll keep my eyes open in case anything crops up. If so, I'll be sure to let you know.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You don't sound like you mean it...
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hehe, I'm not an expert on tracking down the living. However, if you want me to summon someone from the other side of the "border"...
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grr, stop saying creepy stuff!
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Relax! I'll help you look for them, you have my word. Tsk, my exquisite sense of humor always goes unappreciated.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like you really like your job.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like being a funeral home director really suits you.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Haha... I have my reasons.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Reasons?
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' The spirits we saw near the border are the dead that still long for the world of the living.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But I've never seen any of the previous directors there, not even once.
:{{A|vo htlq004 7 hutao 17.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' This means that becoming the Director of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor was the right decision for them and left them with no regrets.
----
;(Talk to Meng again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Since I don't plan to ever come back here, I'd like to make the most of this opportunity and stay a bit longer.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' The director's right, perhaps some time away will do me good.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq004 meng 05.ogg}} '''Meng:''' A new life awaits me.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Perfect Send-Off
|zhs     = 为了圆满的送别
|zhs_rm  = Wèile Yuánmǎn de Sòngbié
|zht     = 為了圓滿而送別
|zht_rm  = Wèile Yuánmǎn de Sòngbié
|zh_tl   = For A Perfect Send-Off
|ja      = 円満な送別のために
|ja_rm   = Enman na Soubetsu no Tame ni
|ja_tl   = For a Harmonious Send-Off
|ko      = 완벽한 이별을 위해
|ko_rm   = Wanbyeokhan Ibyeol-eul Wihae
|ko_tl   = For a Perfect Farewell
|es      = Una despedida perfecta
|es_tl   = A Perfect Farewell
|fr      = Pour un adieu parfait
|fr_tl   = For a Perfect Farewell
|ru      = Благополучное прощание
|ru_tl   = Successul Parting
|th      = การอำลาที่สมบูรณ์แบบ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cuộc chia ly viên mãn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Perfekter Abschied
|de_tl   = Perfect Farewell
|id      = Perpisahan yang Sempurna
|id_tl   = Perfect Farewell
|pt      = Uma Despedida Perfeita
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mükemmel Veda
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un addio perfetto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:Una despedida perfecta]]