{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41402
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|npc           = Ji Tong
|caption       = Perfect Shot
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|exp           = 
|mora          = 10,000
|primogems     = 
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 164
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Special Kamera|1}}
|characters    = Ji Tong; Traveler
}}
'''''Perfect Shot''''' is a [[World Quest]] that awards the [[Special Kamera]].

A slightly different variation occurred during the [[Five Flushes of Fortune]] Event, where it acted as a conclusion and required exchanging the event gadget [[Kurious Kamera]] for the Special Kamera.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Ji Tong]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ji Tong]] from [[Liyue Harbor]] seems to have found a way to fix that Kamera of his...}}
===Normal Dialogue===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Ji Tong:''' Traveler, hold on a second.
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
:'''Ji Tong:''' I know this is a bit sudden, but... Do you have any interest in Kameras?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, a little.
:{{DIcon}} Not interested, sorry.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Well, this Kamera here is no ordinary Kamera. It uses the latest technology from Fontaine.
:'''Ji Tong:''' The photos printed by this model all come with a unique effect not offered by standard Kameras.
:{{DIcon}} How does it do that?
:{{DIcon}} ...For real?
:'''Ji Tong:''' Hey! I'm telling the absolute truth here. If you don't believe me, you can ask about it at the Adventurers' Guild.
:'''Ji Tong:''' I was skeptical at first, too. I played around with it for ages, but couldn't get it working. Eventually, one of the adventurers from the Guild gave me a hand.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Now. You must be wondering, what makes this Kamera so different? Well, it's to do with the internal design.
:'''Ji Tong:''' It takes a certain kind of potion that adds a special effect during the printing process, making the photos look much better than those printed by your average Kamera.
:'''Ji Tong:''' What do you think? If you're interested, I can let you play around with this one for a while. It has a limited variety of potions, but enough for you to get a feel for how it works.
:'''Ji Tong:''' I plan to make a trip to Fontaine at some point and purchase some new varieties of potions. So, if you're interested, I hope to have your custom then.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then... Thanks...
:{{DIcon}} How much do they cost?
::'''Ji Tong:'''Oh, heh, don't you worry about that side of things. They're already very cheap when purchased individually, and if you plan on buying in bulk, we can discuss discounts...
:'''Ji Tong:''' Please, keep this Kamera as a token of my esteem. If you enjoy using it, I'd appreciate your business in the future.
{{Dialogue end}}

===''Five Flushes of Fortune'' Event Variant===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ji Tong)
:'''Ji Tong:''' Ah, hello. Just the person I wanted to speak to.
:{{DIcon}} About what?
:{{DIcon}} About strong-color photography?
:'''Ji Tong:''' Nope, no need. I've figured out what it was.
:'''Ji Tong:''' I finally managed to track down the merchant the other day. The one who sold me it in the first place.
:'''Ji Tong:''' I told him there was a problem with the Kamera he sold me, but he was having none of it.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Luckily I had all the photos you took for me. Without them, I'd have had no way of convincing him.
:'''Ji Tong:''' After taking a look at your photos, he finally agreed to take a look at the Kamera he sold to me.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Yesterday, he came to see me and brought a bottle of some sort of potion with him.
:'''Ji Tong:''' He explained that this Kamera works differently from regular models. You need to add some of this potion to it to make sure the photos turn out normal.
:'''Ji Tong:''' If you don't add any, the photos turn out just like yours did. Just pages of color, rather than clear images.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing that your Kamera's not broken, then.
:{{DIcon}} So... problem sorted?
:'''Ji Tong:''' Well... To be honest, I'm less interested in the Kamera itself now. This potion is what intrigues me...
:'''Ji Tong:''' Think about it. Most people will just buy the Kamera, right? Buy it once, use it forever.
:'''Ji Tong:''' But this potion is a consumable. So, once you've used it up, you have to buy more if you want to keep using it.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Also, the guy says that different potions will produce photos with different effects. He's currently developing more types...
:'''Ji Tong:''' Maybe... Just maybe, those bottles of potion are where the big business opportunity is.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Ah, sorry. I'm rambling.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Thanks for all your help. Hand me this Kamera, I'll add some potion in for you...
:;(After submitting the Kurious Kamera)
:'''Ji Tong:''' Alright, this Kamera is yours to keep. Take care of it.
:{{DIcon}} ...You're just gonna give it to me?
:{{DIcon}} What happens when the potion runs out?
:'''Ji Tong:''' There's enough potion in there for you to get a good amount of use out of it. Once it runs out... Well, you know where to find me, right?
:'''Ji Tong:''' While we're on the subject, I'm planning to talk to my contact about importing some new kinds of potions for the Kamera.
:'''Ji Tong:''' If you find that's something that interests you, I hope to see you again in the future.
:'''Ji Tong:''' Thought I was just buying a Kamera, turns out I was buying a whole business venture...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Perfect Shot
|zhs     = 完美留影
|zhs_rm  = Wánměi Liúyǐng
|zht     = 完美留影
|zht_rm  = Wánměi Liúyǐng
|zh_tl   = Perfect Photograph
|ja      = 完璧な写真
|ja_rm   = Kanpekina Shashin
|ja_tl   = A Perfect Photo
|ko      = 완벽한 기념 사진
|ko_rm   = Wanbyeokhan Ginyeom Sajin
|ko_tl   = A Perfect Commemorative Photograph
|es      = La imagen perfecta
|es_tl   = The Perfect Image
|fr      = Le cliché parfait
|fr_tl   = The Perfect Shot
|ru      = Идеальный снимок
|ru_tl   = Perfect Snapshot
|th      = ภาพถ่ายอันสมบูรณ์แบบ
|th_rm   = P̣hāpht̄h̀āy xạn s̄mbūrṇ̒ bæb
|th_tl   = The Perfect Photo
|vi      = Chụp Ảnh Hoàn Mỹ
|vi_tl   = Perfect Photograph
|de      = Der perfekte Schuss
|de_tl   = The Perfect Shot
|id      = Foto yang Sempurna
|id_tl   = Perfect Photo
|pt      = Foto Perfeita
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mükemmel Fotoğraf
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Uno scatto perfetto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:La imagen perfecta]]
[[ja:完璧な写真]]
[[pt-br:Foto Perfeita]]