{{Stub|Is Paimon's post-bell-ringing dialogue different if you ring the southern bell first?}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71043
|image         = World Quest Perils in the Dark.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = The Chasm Delvers
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = The Heavenly Stone's Debris
|next          = Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Primogem*50;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
}}
'''''Perils in the Dark''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]], [[Liyue]]. It is the fifth part of [[The Chasm Delvers]] World Quest Series.

==Steps==
# Take the path that leads deeper in
# Examine the dark fog in front of you
# Look for clues near the dark fog
# Read the logs
#* Completing this step unlocks a portion of the map.
#* [[Nameless Ruins]] and the rest of [[Stony Halls]] are revealed on the map.
# Ring the two bells on either side of the ruins (0/2)
#* See Notes below for the puzzle solutions.
# Approach the dark fog
# Defeat the Abyss Lector {{Enemy List|Abyss Lector: Fathomless Flames/Egill;Abyss Lector: Violet Lightning/Agnarr}}
# Pick up the object that the Abyss Lector left behind

==Gameplay Notes==
* Defeating the Abyss Lectors will grant the {{Achievement|Birth Pains of the Dark Fog}}.
* Should the player die after defeating a Lector, that one will not respawn, allowing the player to prepare and return to take on the other one.
* The player will unlock a part of [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] map:
** [[Nameless Ruins]] and the rest of [[Stony Halls]] is accessible from the beginning of this quest. They become visible on the map after reading the Fatuus' Journal.
*** The exception to this is the [[Inverted City]], which is visible but blocked by a barrier. This barrier is undone during Archon Quest Chapter II, Act IV, part 2: ''[[The Grave of the Guarded]]''.

===Northern Bell Puzzle===
# Follow the [[Seelie]] up to the second floor.
# Light up the stone lamps near the Seelie's court with [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]] equipped. This will create a wind current.
# Glide up to the roof.
# Defeat {{Enemy|Pyro Abyss Mage|x=1}}. Recharge the device next to it.
# Use the Lumenstone Adjuvant to clear the [[Oozing Concretions]] around the [[Ruin Brazier]]s.
#* Go back to the Seelie if you need to recharge Lumenstone Adjuvant.
# Defeat {{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Line Breaker|x=1}} and {{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Standard Bearer|x=1}}.
# Attack the bell with a melee attack.

===Southern Bell Puzzle===
# Activate the Ruin Brazier to light up the southern lamp.
# Clear the Oozing Concretion to reveal the eastern lamp.
# Move the 2 Seelies until they light up the eastern lamp and western lamp.
# Light up the northern lamp with Lumenstone Adjuvant equipped. A Precious Chest will appear along with a wind current.
# Glide up using the wind current and move the nearby Seelie until it reaches the lamp on the roof.
# Light up the other lamp with Lumenstone Adjuvant equipped.
# Use the device to open the gate.
# Follow the Seelie down to its court.
# Defeat {{Enemy|Ruin Grader|x=1}}.
# Attack the bell with a melee attack.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The strange crystal plummeted toward the ground and shattered it, revealing an entrance to even greater depths. Who knows what's down there... But either way, it would be best to proceed with caution.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go near the ore)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, look, there's some shining ore here as well!

;(Pick up the ore)
:'''Paimon:''' Is this raw ore, just like the one like Zhiqiong found earlier?

----

;(Examine the dark fog in front of you)
:'''Paimon:''' The road ahead seems covered in a dark fog. Did something happen over there?

;(Upon attempting to enter the dark fog)
:'''Paimon:''' Ack! It's almost like this thing is rejecting us! We can't get through!

----

;(After using the [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]] to uncover the clue)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Who left this bag behind? Maybe we can get some useful info from its contents!

;(Read the Fatuus' Journal)
:'''Fatuus' Journal:''' "...Staff Sergeant [[Anton]] has discovered a large bell to the southeast. The rock walls have [[Latin-Based Language|"their" script]] all over it..."
:'''Fatuus' Journal:''' "...This is very similar to the large bell that the Captain discovered in the ruins to the northwest. Perhaps..."
:'''Fatuus' Journal:''' "...We dispatched Snezhevna and Fadeyka to ring the two bells in their respective corners..."
:'''Fatuus' Journal:''' "...As the terrifying tolls reverberated through the stone, the black fog dissipated. What a strange phenomenon... it's almost like the bells were announcing someone's arrival..."
:'''Fatuus' Journal:''' "...Ten were lost, two vanguard squads took immense damage. The Captain ordered a retreat..."
:'''Fatuus' Journal:''' (A simple map falls out from the diary. The map marks out the two bells in the northwest and the southeast, with two ominous skulls to go with them.)

;(After reading the journal, if the bells have not already been rung)
:'''Paimon:''' These two places look like real bad news, but we've got to go to 'em if we wanna know what's going on.

----
{{Quest Description|update|You enter the depths of the Chasm after opening the way, but your progress is barred by a purple-black fog. It seems that you must ring bells within the ruins to disperse this fog...}}

;(Approach the north bell after reading the Fatuus' Journal)
::'''Paimon:''' This is the place... Whoa! The bell has been covered in the dark mud...
::'''Paimon:''' Will tolling this bell really cause the black fog to disperse?

;(After tolling the north bell, regardless of whether the southern bell has been tolled)<!-- even if the dark fog hasn't even been examined -->
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! That sound is ultra spooky! Let's get outta here!

;(Approach the south bell after reading the Fatuus' Journal))
::'''Paimon:''' The bell marked on the map should be around here... Let's take out the monsters first!
::'''Paimon:''' Let's ring it and get going, shall we? Who knows what'll happen once we do...
<!-- didn't get any paimon dialogue after ringing the south bell; what if you ring the southern bell first? -->

----

;(Approach the dark fog if the Fatuus' Journal was read prior to ringing the bells)
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, we're back! ...Wait, what?

;(The dark fog dissipates and reveals two Abyss Lectors &mdash; Agnarr and Egill)

;(Approach the Abyss Lectors)
:'''Egill:''' Who art thou?
:'''Agnarr:''' This ground is not to be trespassed. Why have ye come, sinners?

;(Upon defeating Agnarr)
:'''Agnarr:''' ...The lies... All gone...

;(Upon defeating Egill)
:'''Egill:''' ...The light of... heaven...

;(Investigate the marked spot)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Curious Cube|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/eWdAYPK-lvk
|caption1 = Perils in the Dark Guide
}}

==Trivia==
* Players can avoid the dark fog to explore, and the bells can be rung before examining the dark fog, but there are no changes in the order of steps. Egill and Agnarr only appear after the Fatuus' Journal has been read.
* Agnarr and Egill are also mentioned in the Hidden Exploration Objective [[Secret Messages in The Chasm]]. See [[Latin-Based Language/Texts#The Chasm|Latin-Based Language/Texts § The Chasm]] for the deciphered text and translations.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Perils in the Dark
|zhs     = 黑翳渐浓隐凶险
|zhs_rm  = Hēiyì Jiànnóng Yǐn Xiōngxiǎn
|zht     = 黑翳漸濃隱兇險
|zht_rm  = Hēiyì Jiànnóng Yǐn Xiōngxiǎn
|zh_tl   = Dangers Arise in the Gloomy Dense Hidden Darkness
|ja      = 暗闇に増す危険
|ja_rm   = Kurayami ni Masu Kiken{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Dangers Arise in the Darkness
|ko      = 짙어지는 검은 안개, 다가오는 위험
|ko_rm   = Jiteojineun Geomeun Angae, Dagaoneun Wiheom
|ko_tl   = Deepening Black Mist, Approaching Danger
|es      = Peligros que acechan en la oscuridad
|es_tl   = Dangers Lurking in the Darkness
|fr      = Périls dans le noir
|fr_tl   = Perils in the Dark
|ru      = Угроза во тьме
|ru_tl   = Danger in the Darkness
|th      = ความมืดมิดซ่อนเร้นอันตราย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Màn Sương Ẩn Chứa Nhiều Hiểm Nguy
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Im Dunkeln lauernde Gefahren
|de_tl   = Lurking Danger in the Dark
|id      = Bahaya Mengintai dalam Kegelapan
|id_tl   = Danger Lurking in the Dark
|pt      = Perigos na Escuridão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Karanlıktaki Tehlike
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pericoli nell'oscurità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[es:Peligros que acechan en la oscuridad]]
[[pt-br:Perigos na Escuridão]]