{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Persikov.png
|region           = Snezhnaya
|location         = Golden Apple Archipelago
|affiliation      = Fatui
|title            = Fatui Researcher
|voiceEN          = [https://www.stuartkrugvo.com/ Stuart Krug]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/stuartkrugvo/status/1548043910240354305 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Persikov''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appears in Summertime Odyssey, Act I: [[The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!]].

==Profile==
Persikov is a Fatui researcher. After becoming aware that a [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Fatui Harbinger]] stationed in [[Sumeru]] learned that they could connect people's minds through the help of certain technologies, which could expand throughout an entire region. Despite the results looking unpromising, Persikov went ahead with his research and developed a machine that utilized a [[Lesser Lord Kusanali|god's power]]. However, he quickly got into disagreements with the higher-ups, who did not support his idea and thus he sought to test it himself, gathering several junior Fatui who he had sign waivers before they accompanied him.

Persikov eventually discovered the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] and decided to set up tests there, having his subordinates set up signal tests on various islands. As expected, the machine broke, and the technologically illiterate Fatui ended up breaking the machine further and ejecting the three crystalline cores from it. Due to how the machine worked, the Fatui soon started to become mad, forcing Persikov to usher them into a cave for their own safety. He tried to reach the cores himself, but failed.

Soon after, the [[Traveler]] and [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] arrived on the island after the latter sensed their presence on the archipelago, where they discovered a Cryogunner Legionnaire that was acting off. Persikov then arrived to defuse the situation before promising that he would respect their boundaries. Soon after, he met [[Xinyan]] and [[Mona]] before succumbing to his machine.

When the Traveler and their group returned, they found Persikov, who reeked of alcohol and was muttering nonsense. Kazuha managed to somewhat bring him back to his senses and he told them where to find his notes before falling unconscious.

===Appearance===
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia ==
* Professor Vladimir Persikov, the protagonist from the novel {{W|The Fatal Eggs}} by {{W|Mikhail Bulgakov}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Persikov
|zhs     = 佩尔西科夫
|zhs_rm  = Pèi'ěrxīkēfū
|zht     = 佩爾西科夫
|zht_rm  = Pèi'ěrxīkēfū
|ja      = ペルシーコフ
|ja_rm   = Perushiikofu
|ko      = 페르시코프
|es      = Persikov
|fr      = Persikov
|ru      = Персиков
|th      = Persikov
|vi      = Persikov
|de      = Persikov
|id      = Persikov
|pt      = Persikov
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Persikov]]