{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79046
|image         = World Quest Petrifying Gaze.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Daiya's Three-Day Reverie
|characters    = Lone Hydro Eidolon; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|area          = Veluriyam Mirage
|subarea       = Thinkers' Theater
|parent        = Daiya's Three-Day Reverie (Quest)
|concurrent    = The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken
|concurrent2   = Skycastle Saviors 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*25,000;Hero's Wit*3
|voiced        = no
|event_name    = Secret Summer Paradise
}}
'''''Petrifying Gaze''''' is an [[Event Quest]] in [[Thinkers' Theater]], [[Veluriyam Mirage]].
<!--
==Start Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s start location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Steps==
# Listen to the announcement
# Go to the ancient castle
# Ride the Choo-Choo Cart to the ancient castle
# Follow the Lone Hydro Eidolon
# Use the Streaming Projector to get the {{Item|Key to the Castle's Secret Chamber|text=key}}
# Open the secret chamber and get the {{Item|Ancient Hex-Cleansing Remedy|text=remedy}}
# Save the Lone Hydro Eidolon

==Gameplay Notes==
* The chest at the end of the quest grants the [[furnishing]] {{Item|"Eerie Castle in the Woods" Promo Poster}}.
* Certain characters during the play have titles, which are as follows:
** '''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Automated Prompt Tone
** '''Narrator On Speaker:''' Gloating Voice
** '''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Only the Wise Should Speak
** '''Angry Wraith Leader:''' Got Up on the Wrongest Side of the Bed
** '''Happy Wraith Leader:''' Just Wants to Be a Bully
** '''Narrator On Speaker:''' Sufficiently Lyrical Voice

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"To save their fallen friends, the now-alone Hydro Eidolon must break into the haunted fortress, and find a way to lift the curse..."<br>Intrigued, you and Paimon arrive at the set of "Petrifying Gaze"...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' We found it. It's another speaker, which means that Daiya's Three-Day Reverie can be performed here!
:'''Paimon:''' But this place seems kinda gloomy. Is this also part of Daiya's plan?

;(Approach the Park Announcement Speaker)
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' All actors and actresses have arrived, and all stage mechanisms are operating normally.
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' This performance of "Petrifying Gaze," a play from "Daiya's Three-Day Reverie," will now begin!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' On the edge of a thick and eerie forest, two wise and learned sages happen upon a Hydro Eidolon, wandering alone...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Please, help me... someone help me! I don't want to abandon my friends...
:'''Paimon:''' Water Droplet!? Wait, did the Water Droplet talk?
:{{DIcon}} It's actually the sound of the speaker.
:{{DIcon}} Just treat it like the Water Droplet's lines.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so this Water Droplet is actually a main character in this play, and we have to act along with it?
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' It is truly fortunate that these two wise sages have already researched the language of Hydro Eidolons in depth, and can understand its plea for help.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' This must be a fated encounter! Such a portentous meeting, could you even entertain the notion of not assisting this Hydro Eidolon?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! We have our own characters too? That's really cool.
:{{DIcon}} Let's get back on topic.
:{{DIcon}} What happened to your companions?
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' We... while we were lost in the woods, we happened upon an ancient castle and accidentally awoke the evil spirits slumbering within...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Two of their leaders, they... they laid curses upon us! Now, the moment a ghost sees us, we... we turn to stone!
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' I barely managed to escape, but my companions...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' *sob*&nbsp;...They must be in such pain... Is this our fault?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course not! Even if those ghosts got up on the wrong side of the bed, that's no excuse to be bullies!
:'''Paimon:''' Those jerks! Turning lost Water Droplets into stone... that's even worse than bullying! Those ghosts are all super bad guys!
:{{DIcon}} If we teach them a lesson they won't soon forget...
:{{DIcon}} ...Can we save your companions?
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' No, the two ghost leaders never show themselves, and the castle is vast... even the strongest and most capable person could never find them...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' But I heard one of the ghosts say that deep within the castle is a chest, and that chest contains an ancient hex-cleansing remedy. That is the only hope...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' The chest is locked inside a secret chamber, and you must first find the hidden key.
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' But... I've already been cursed, and if I go back alone, I'll certainly be seen by the ghosts... then I'll be turned to stone and trapped forever...
:'''Paimon:''' That sounds easy! We'll escort you there, find the key, and get that remedy!
:'''Paimon:''' As long as you avoid those... ghosts' gaze, you'll be fine, right? It'll be a walk in the park!
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' That's right, you are both... wise sages, and you must certainly know what to do... Please, I'm begging you...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon sure got into character quickly.
:{{DIcon}} You guessed exactly where the plot was going.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, it sounds pretty straightforward.
:'''Paimon:''' Even if we can't beat up the mastermind, taking down the ghosts and saving the Water Droplet's companions should be a piece of cake for you, right?
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, little Water Droplet, let's go find that remedy, lift your curse, and save your friends!

;(Follow the Lone Hydro Eidolon)
:'''Narrator:''' The lone Hydro Eidolon removed the illusion of the mountains and stones to reveal a hidden passage, and it led the two wise ones into the secluded forest...
:'''Narrator:''' The road was shrouded in gloomy curtains, and strange shadows danced all around. As they walked, the wise ones heard a strange, low-pitched sound buzzing about them...
:'''Narrator:''' And a chill followed them, as if eyes in the darkness were firmly fixed upon them as they approached the castle...

;(After the Lone Hydro Eidolon is petrified)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! There's the Water Droplet. It really has been petrified! Let's help it out!
:'''Paimon:''' Those wraiths... They're just machines that look like dumb fat birds! Let's knock 'em all down! That'll do the trick! 
:'''Narrator:''' Ahem, I want to remind you that if you destroy the surroundings here, you'll need to pay ten times the cost in compensation... Someone as wise as you should be able to find an elegant way to overcome such obstacles without using brute force!
:'''Paimon:''' What kinda rule is that... How can we help the Water Droplet get over there without getting rid of those things?
:'''Paimon:''' There's no other way. Paimon thinks that there's some {{color|buzzword|boxes and junk}} around here. The curse has no effect on us, so maybe we can {{color|buzzword|push}} those things over there to block the wraith's line of sight!

;(Push the box in front of the Wraith)
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Well... we won't stay too long, so it should be okay...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' The petrification process seems to be reversible if it hasn't been completely imprisoned.
:'''Paimon:''' That's good! We don't need to be so anxious then! Everything will be fine if we can block the wraith's line of sight in time!

;(Approach the third Wraith)
:'''Paimon:''' Even if the petrification process can be reversed, it probably feels pretty terrible.
:'''Paimon:''' We can't let the Water Droplet suffer like this. Let's try to speed up or block the wraith's line of sight as soon as we can!
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Aww... Thank you for doing so much for me!

;(Approach the fifth Wraith)
:'''Paimon:''' Is that a... bowl in front of the spirit mechanism? Is it begging others for food because it has nothing to eat?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Are you starving because you did bad things? Serves you right!
:'''Paimon:''' This also presents an opportunity. Maybe it will tactfully let us pass through if we give it some food!

;(Board the Choo-Choo Cart)
:'''Narrator:''' After passing through the blockade and getting away from the wraiths, a majestic and eerie castle appeared in front of the two wise ones...
:'''Narrator:''' The castle's outline towers into the sky, standing as an oppressive giant beneath the cold moonlight...

;(Enter the ancient castle)
:'''Paimon:''' Is this the ancient castle where those nasty things have gathered? It's got quite the atmosphere...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' The mechanism in front of us is crucial to finding the key!
:'''Paimon:''' You're referring to the Streaming Projector, right? Got it! We'll use it to solve the problem in front of us! Let's go, {{Traveler}}!

;(Talk to the Lone Hydro Eidolon again, optional)
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Complete the challenge, and then you can find the key to the secret chamber... it's all in your hands now!

;(If the player is spotted by a Wraith in the Preprint)
:;(The player is teleported out of the Preprint)
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Look out for the Wraiths and their curses. They might chase us out of the Preprint's world!

;(Push the crate)
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Push
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Push
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Full speed ahead!

;(Open the first chest in the Preprint)
:'''Paimon:''' Hold on, why isn't the key to the secret room inside the chest? Did we make a mistake?
:'''Angry Wraith Leader:''' Noisy fool! You brought help, I see! Well, I was prepared for that. I even placed some bait!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' It turned out that the chest was just a decoy. The wraith leaders seemed to be afraid of the two wise ones and hid the most important treasure chest, scheming from within the shadows...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' *sobs* So scary...
:'''Paimon:''' This voice is sounding more and more spooky... No need to be afraid, Water Droplet! Those who only dare to hide in the shadows are the worst!

;(Open the second chest in the Preprint)
:'''Paimon:''' We've found another chest! This time, we'll... Oh, there isn't a key here either...
:'''Angry Wraith Leader:''' Ahahahaha! The key to the secret room is hidden in the last chest, but if you think you can get to it, dream on!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The two wraith leaders have designed an impossible conundrum for the wise ones and the Hydro Eidolon! The wraiths can see everywhere in the area, so there's nowhere to hide!

;(Approach the third chest)
:'''Paimon:''' What on... So this was their scheme!
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' I must do something...
:;(The player is teleported out of the Preprint)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh! It's impossible to avoid their line of sight! This is just cheating!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon just wants to kick those ghost mechanisms right over!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, wait, Water Droplet! What are you doing! There's ghosts there, it's dangerous!
:'''Angry Wraith Leader:''' Insolent beings, have you gone insane? Or have you abandoned all hope, and simply wish to see your friends in the next world?
:'''Happy Wraith Leader:''' Oh no! It used its body to block their gaze... why does it have such a noble spirit of self-sacrifice!?
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' A sudden twist! The lonely Hydro Eidolon has thrown itself in front the ghost's vision, using its body to block the fatal gaze, and is slowly turning to stone!
:'''Paimon:''' The Water Droplet turned to stone... just so we could get the key...
:{{DIcon}} The Water Droplet can still be saved!
:{{DIcon}} We have to hurry!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, right! That's right! As long as we aren't in their line of sight too long, we should be okay!
:'''Paimon:''' Did the Water Droplet figure that out? It's so smart and brave!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's find the key and get the remedy, fast! We can't let the Water Droplet suffer too long!

;(Interact with the petrified Lone Hydro Eidolon, optional)<!--interact option is Narrator On Speaker-->
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The two sages watch the poor Hydro Eidolon slowly turn into unfeeling stone before their very eyes, and it no longer responds to their anguished calls...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' But this was not in vain! For it was only so willing to sacrifice itself, because it believed in the two sages from the bottom of its heart!

;(Leave the Preprint after obtaining {{Item|Key to the Castle's Secret Chamber}})
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Once the wise ones obtained the key and unlocked the final chamber, the wraith leaders realized their powerlessness and fled in frustration...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The other wraiths dispersed and ceased their obstructive actions...

;(Approach the petrified Lone Hydro Eidolon after obtaining {{Item|Ancient Hex-Cleansing Remedy}})
:'''Paimon:''' Though, if a Water Droplet has turned to stone, can it still drink a potion? And how does water even drink water...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Maybe this remedy is the kind you rub on! Let's try it out!
;:(Submit Ancient Hex-Cleansing Remedy)
:{{Black Screen|The speaker continues to describe the strange scene in front of you&mdash;<br>The two wise sages slowly drop the remedy onto the petrified body of the Hydro Eidolon, and a strange phenomenon begins to occur...<br>As though time were flowing backward, the petrified Hydro Eidolon begins to return to normal...}}
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' *sob*&nbsp;...So that is how it feels to be turned to stone... The pain, the agony! I cannot let my friends suffer this fate any longer.
:'''Paimon:''' Water Droplet, how could you just charge ahead like that without saying anything!? You scared Paimon half to death! It's a good thing we got the remedy so quickly...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' That ghost was so scary, I was so terrified I couldn't even speak...
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Also, you are so wise that I think you don't even need me to remind you.
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Even if I turned completely into a stone, I knew you guys would save me right after you got the remedy, and things would be just like before! So there was no real need to worry.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... uh, did Paimon get too invested in the play? Paimon was just so worried about the Water Droplet...
:{{DIcon}} It's good to dive into your role.
:{{DIcon}} It means Paimon's having fun!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh... Paimon is a guest who's here to have fun, but she let the acting get to her head... It's a little embarrassing...
:'''Paimon:''' But anyway, we succeeded! Now you can take the remedy and save your friends!
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' Thank you, thank you! I... I'm forever indebted to you for all that you've done!
:'''Lone Hydro Eidolon:''' My companions and I will always remember your kindness in our hearts!
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing!
:{{DIcon}} No need to be so polite!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon hopes those ghosts won't cause any more trouble...
:'''Paimon:''' Whenever you guys play in the forest, you'll have to be more careful! No more coming to this castle!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Congratulations, congratulations! The impeccable plans and stratagems of the wise sages and the bravery of the Hydro Eidolons has become a perfect partnership, and the curse of the ghosts will soon be completely lifted!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' After the timely arrival of the wise sages, the ghosts will never again be so reckless. The lonely Hydro Eidolon and its friends can now play again, without fear or worry.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The dense, eerie forest is now gradually showing its peaceful, quiet side...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Thus ends "Petrifying Gaze," thank you for watching!
:'''Paimon:''' Hooray, we finished "Petrifying Gaze"! Paimon really got into it!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... the combination of lines on the stage and narration by the speaker does a great job of working the audience! Paimon wonders where Daiya learned to do that...
:'''Paimon:''' If we get a chance, we should definitely ask her!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Petrifying Gaze
|zhs     = 瞳孔里的固形魔咒
|zhs_rm  = Tóngkǒng-lǐ de Gùxíng Mózhòu
|zht     = 瞳孔裡的固形魔咒
|zht_rm  = Tóngkǒng-lǐ de Gùxíng Mózhòu
|zh_tl   = A Curse of Solidification Within the Pupils 
|ja      = 呪いの瞳に固まりて
|ja_rm   = Noroi no Hitomi ni Katamarite
|ja_tl   =
|ko      = 동공 속<->의 저주
|ko_tl   = Curse Inside the Pupils
|es      = La maldición pupilar
|es_tl   = {{wt|Pupillary}} Curse
|fr      = Un regard pétrifiant
|fr_tl   = A Petrifying Gaze
|ru      = Проклятие окаменения
|ru_tl   = Petrification Curse
|th      = คำสาปหินในดวงตา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ánh Nhìn Hóa Đá
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Zauber zum Versteinern in der Pupille
|de_tl   = The Petrifying Spell Inside the Pupil
|id      = Tatapan Membatu
|id_tl   = Petrifying Gaze
|pt      = Olhar Petrificante
|pt_tl   = Petrifying Gaze
|tr      = Taşlaştıran Bakış
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sguardo pietrificante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Olhar Petrificante]]
[[ru:Проклятие окаменения]]