{{Stub|Story from {{Quest|Silent Night}}}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Petronilla.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Marechaussee Phantom
|title            = Protector of Justice
|title2           = Protector of Order

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Clorinde
|childNote        = adoptive daughter
|childRef         = <ref name="hunters">{{Ref/Quest|page=Hunters' Gathering}}</ref>
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Petronilla''' is a mentioned character in ''Genshin Impact''. She was [[Clorinde]]'s Master.

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->
According to Clorinde, Petronilla was inexperienced in the ways of raising children; she believed trial and error was the best way to teach a child what they're capable of, which sometimes led to Clorinde getting hurt. Clorinde later speculated that Petronilla herself had never known her parents, and didn't know any other way to raise a child.<ref name="hunters"></ref> 

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
Petronilla was Clorinde's mentor and a [[Marechaussee Phantom|Marechaussee Hunter]], who took her in as a child and trained her as a Marechaussee Hunter. According to Petronilla herself, she had saved Clorinde, who had been abandoned by her parents, "from people of ill repute." After taking Clorinde in, she taught her the unique art of the Marechaussee Hunter's marksmanship, as well as their techniques in swordsmanship, tracking, and camouflage.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Clorinde|Character Story 3}}</ref> Petronilla was also the hero known as the "Protector of Justice" (or "Protector of Order"), a vigilante who always fought at night wearing a black cloak.  

Petronilla was good friends with [[Callas]], and introduced Clorinde to his daughter, [[Navia]]. Callas knew Petronilla was the "Protector of Justice"; he once called her by her moniker without knowing Clorinde and Navia were listening, leading to the two girls finding out Petronilla's secret identity.<ref name="hunters"></ref> 

When Clorinde was five, Petronilla brought back a [[Geovishap Hatchling]] from Liyue as a pet for her, and told them to settle any disputes with a fight &mdash; whoever lost would be the "pet." Clorinde lost once against the vishap, but ended up defeating it a week later.<ref name="hunters"></ref>

The night Clorinde turned ten years old, Petronilla disappeared without saying goodbye. Clorinde had been celebrating her birthday that night at Navia's house, but Petronilla never came to pick her up. Clorinde waited for her master for several days before turning to Callas for help, but even he was unable to locate her. Petronilla had left for her protégée a blue cape imprinted with the Marechaussee Hunter's insignia (which Clorinde later incorporated into her outfit), a necklace with Clorinde's name carved into it, her sword, and one of the Marechaussee Hunter keys that are passed down from generation to generation.<ref name="buried">{{Ref/Quest|Buried Honor}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Clorinde|"Marechaussee Hunter's Legacy"}}</ref>

Clorinde would later use Petronilla's key, along with [[Florian]]'s key and two others he had stolen, to open the Marechaussee Hunter's vault, which contained a stone tablet carved with the Marechaussee Hunters' names as well as their old, broken weapons.<ref name="buried></ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Petronilla
|zhs     = 佩特洛妮拉
|zhs_rm  = Pèitèluònīlā
|zht     = 佩特洛妮拉
|zht_rm  = Pèitèluònílā
|ja      = ペトロニラ
|ja_rm   = Petoronira
|ko      = 페트로닐라
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Petronila
|fr      = Petronilla
|ru      = Петронилла
|th      = Petronilla
|vi      = Petronilla
|de      = Petronilla
|id      = Petronilla
|pt      = Petronilla
|tr      = Petronilla
|it      = Petronilla
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}