'''Pets''' are animals that appear throughout [[Mondstadt]], [[Liyue]], and [[Inazuma]]. They cannot be killed for food<ref group="Note">They can be killed by careful manipulation (such as by pushing into deep water), but they do not drop [[Raw Meat]]. They can drop event-specific universal drops (such as [[Wick Material]] during [[Lantern Rite]]).</ref> and are sometimes featured in quests which involve locating a lost pet. The two most common types of pets are cats and dogs. It is currently not possible to pet these animals.

==Pets==
===Cats===
{{See also|Wildlife#Cats|l1=Wildlife ยง Cats|:Category:Cats|:Category:Cat NPCs}}
Cats will usually be found in hard-to-reach areas such as behind buildings or on balconies. Cats will calmly approach and lie down when undisturbed and stretch when the player approaches. When attacked, a cat will jump back and hiss at the traveler but will not disappear. This can be used to move a cat to a different location.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/iHNKy9UV2tw Genshin Impact but I moved a cat from Mondstadt to Liyue]</ref>

;Notable Cats
*[[Neko]] &mdash; "Provisional Head Priestess of the [[Asase Shrine]]"
*[[Kaiser]] &mdash; [[Kurisu]]'s pet cat
*[[Wei (Cat)|Wei]] &mdash; a cat that sits on the counter of [[Wangshu Inn]]'s check-in desk

===Dogs===
{{See also|Wildlife#Dogs|l1=Wildlife ยง Dogs|:Category:Dog NPCs}}
Dogs can be found in more common gathering places such as on [[Liyue Harbor]]'s west bridge and on Wangshu Inn's observation deck. Dogs normally sit or lie down on the grass. When undisturbed, a dog will calmly approach the player panting and wagging its tail. When attacked, a dog will bark at the player and then proceed to run away, eventually fading out.

;Notable Dogs
*"[[Strong]]" &mdash; a dog located northeast of the [[Statue of The Seven]] at [[Dihua Marsh]] that chased [[Hui|a man]] up a rock
*"[[Richie]]" &mdash; a dog found at Wangshu Inn and was named that by [[Huai'an]] and [[Verr Goldet]] in hopes of bringing them good luck
* [[Kageroumaru]] &mdash; a pet that can be added to the [[Serenitea Pot]] after completing [[Bantan Sango Case Files: The Warrior Dog]]
*[[Taroumaru]] &mdash; owner of [[Komore Teahouse]]

==Companions==
===Changsheng===
[[Changsheng]] is [[Baizhu]]'s companion snake, most often seen wrapped around his neck.

===Oz===
[[Oz]] is [[Fischl]]'s companion raven, most often seen floating by her side.

==Quests Featuring Pets==
*[[Margaret's Longing]] features [[Margaret]]'s [[Black Cat]], Prince

==See also==
*[[Wildlife]]

*[[Those Hard-to-Reach Places]] features Margaret's [[Northland Cat]], Butterfly

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[Category:Released in Version 1.0]]