{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Phantom of the Night
|image             = Phantom of the Night.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-04-19 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-04-25 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/123300
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240419arlecchino-vn0wpz/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Arlecchino
}}
{{Description|The Web Event for Genshin Impact's New Character: Arlecchino Now Available<br><br>[https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240419arlecchino-vn0wpz/index.html >> Click to Take Part in Event <<]}}
'''Phantom of the Night''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.5]].

==Event Duration==
April 19, 2024 12:00 – April 25, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
# During the event, interact with all the investigation points in the scene to gather clues, then enter the room at the end and find the treasure to claim Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game rewards.
# After completing the story, share the event to claim the event wallpaper.
{{Card List|delim=;|Primogem*40;Agnidus Agate Fragment*3;Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2}}

==Things to Note==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please save it in time.
# After exploring the scene and finding the treasure, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Phantom of the Night
|zhs      = 午夜魅影
|zhs_rm   = Wǔyè Mèiyǐng
|zht      = 午夜魅影
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = ミッドナイト・ファントム
|ja_rm    = Middonaito Fantomu
|ja_tl    = Midnight Phantom
|ko       = 한밤<->의 유령
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Sombras de medianoche
|es_tl    = Midnight Shadows
|fr       = Fantôme de minuit
|fr_tl    = Phantom of Midnight
|ru       = Полуночный призрак
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เงามายากลางราตรี
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Bóng Hình Trong Đêm
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Schatten der tiefen Nacht
|de_tl    = Shadow of the Deep Night
|id       = Bayang-Bayang di Tengah Malam
|id_tl    = Shadows at Midnight
|pt       = Fantasma da Meia-Noite
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gecenin Hayaleti
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Fantasma di mezzanotte
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[fr:Fantôme de minuit]]
[[ja:ミッドナイト・ファントム]]
[[ru:Полуночный призрак]]
[[vi:Bóng Hình Trong Đêm]]