{{Event Tabs}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Begin the event)
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 01.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' Finally, we're in! Why did we scale the wall again? The front door was wide open!
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 02.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' So this is supposed to be the mansion where the treasure is, huh?
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 03.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' There's nothing here but dust, and not a single lamp is lit... You sure you didn't get taken for a ride?
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 04.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Yes, you idiot, I'm sure! This was exclusive intel and I paid good money for it &mdash; so keep your head in the game! 
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 05.ogg}} '''Scout:''' This is our only chance to make it big!
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 06.ogg}} '''Scout:''' I've got everything ready. We'll make a fortune this time, you'll see!
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 07.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' This house is pretty fancy, I'll give you that. Makes you wonder, what sort of person lives here?
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 08.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Whoever they are, looks like they aren't home. Let's have a look inside, but stay on your toes.
:;(The Treasure Hoarders approach a puddle on the floor)
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 09.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Urgh... Ew, what's this liquid on the floor?
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 10.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' It's on the windowsill, too. Y&mdash;You don't think it's, uh...?
:{{DIcon}} Click to crouch and investigate
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 11.ogg}} '''Scout:''' It's mostly dried out, but... Yep, it's definitely...
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 12.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Hmm? There's a key here... Is it for that door?
::Click to take it
:{{DIcon}} Try opening the door...
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 1 13.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Hah, thought so! C'mon, we'd better move quick. I'm starting to get a bad feeling about this place.
----
;(In the next room)
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 01.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' I can't see a thing in this dark. Let's light the candles.
:{{DIcon}} Click to light the candlestick
:;(They walk down the stairs)
:{{DIcon}} Click to light the candlestick
:;(They approach a person sitting motionless on the floor with a necklace)
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 02.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Hey, the gemstone on this guy's necklace has gotta be worth something! Finders keepers! Uh... Y&mdash;You go get it!
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 03.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' Uhh, l&mdash;looks like he's... Why do I have to get it? Eek!
:{{DIcon}} Click to get the necklace
:;(The Scout reaches to grab the necklace)<!--Click anywhere to continue-->
:;(The pearl necklace breaks)<!--Click anywhere to continue-->
:;(He notices the stab wound on the man)<!--Click anywhere to continue-->
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 04.ogg}} '''Scout:''' ...Whatever, the gem'll sell just fine. Let's grab a few more things and get outta here.
:;(They continue to walk through the house)
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 05.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Ooh yeah, I smell treasure! Why's it still so dark, though? Get those candles lit!
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 06.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' S&mdash;Something's not right... This place has been cleaned, and recently...
:{{DIcon}} Click to light the candlestick
:;(The candles light to reveal Arlecchino sitting at the end of the dining table)
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 07.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Good evening, you two.
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 08.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' Who are you?
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 09.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Who I am is not important. But the fact that I'm here, is. You'll be leaving empty-handed tonight.
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 10.ogg}} '''Seaman:''' S&mdash;Says who, huh!? We ain't afraid of you! C'mon, let's get 'er!
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 11.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Don't you find this whole situation strange? All this wealth, with no one to guard it...?
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 12.ogg}} '''Scout:''' Sh&mdash;She's giving me the creeps... Run! Argh...!
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 13.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Avarice is a deadly vice... Even sheer indifference is preferable to greed.
:{{Black Screen|{{A|Phantom of the Night 2 14.ogg}} Good night, gentlemen.}}

;(Interact with Arlecchino, optional &mdash; one of the following is chosen at random)
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 3 01.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' This took longer than I expected. Time to return.
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 3 02.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Only in death do people understand that all lives are equal.
:{{A|Phantom of the Night 3 03.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' That's one more thing to clean up...
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Полуночный призрак/История]]
[[vi:Bóng Hình Trong Đêm/Cốt Truyện]]