{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70512
|image         = Event Quest Phantom of the Past.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Hidden Strife
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 25 or above
* Complete {{Quest|Song of the Dragon and Freedom|showType=0}}
* Complete {{Quest|Darknight Hero's Alibi|showType=0}}
|characters    = Adelinde; Diluc; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|next          = All's Well That Ends Well (Quest)
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Hidden Strife]] event
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Phantom of the Past''''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[Hidden Strife]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Dawn Winery]]
# Go to [[Falcon Coast]]
# Investigate the camp
# Investigate the abnormal Ley Line deposit
# Defeat the opponents
#* The active party is restricted to trial Diluc
#* Wave 1 {{Enemy List|Cryo Abyss Mage;Hilichurl*2}}
# Discuss the situation with Paimon

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Mack]], [[Harry]], and [[Vile]] have additional event-exclusive dialogue outside of this quest. See [[Hidden Strife/Story#NPC Interactions|Hidden Strife/Story § NPC Interactions]].

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Diluc
|character_outfit        = Red Dead of Night
<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name8            = Wolf's Gravestone
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 27.055
|atk8                    = 2,698
|def8                    = 928
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 76.3%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The weather is starting to get hot. Paimon wants to buy some fruit juice from Dawn Winery to cool off...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon login or unlocking quest)
:{{A|vo hyeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a hot day. It sure feels like summer now!
:{{A|vo hyeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A glass of ice-cold fruit juice would be the perfect thing to cool down with... just saying...
:{{A|vo hyeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, we seem to keep missing out on the discount grape juice at Dawn Winery.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon has a hunch that today will be the day... If we leave right now, maybe we'll get there in time!
:{{A|vo hyeq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shall we get going, {{Traveler}}?
----
;(Approach the front door of the manor)
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 01.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Good day to you both. It's been quite a long time. You're looking well, as ever.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi, Adelinde!
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 02.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' To what do we owe the honor today? Important business to discuss with Master Diluc, I presume?
:{{DIcon}} Grape juice, actually...
:{{DIcon}} Not quite "important business"...
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right. Adelinde, since we've run into you, maybe we could just get you to help us with this one?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We always miss the Winery's discount grape juice, so this time we decided to come here early...
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you reserve a bottle for us? We'll pay a deposit, just name the price!
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 03.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Of course I can, and no deposit necessary!
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 04.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' But I'm afraid you may be in for quite a wait. Dawn Winery's discount grape juice takes a long time to make.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 05.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Every summer, Master Diluc hand-picks two barrels of the finest grapes to turn into juice.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Why sell the good stuff at a low price? Shouldn't the best grapes be the most expensive?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 06.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Master has never explained his reasoning. If I had to guess...
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 07.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' The discount could be a marketing technique. Special deals always attract customers.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 08.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Perhaps Master hopes to increase the popularity of fruit juice, so that people have more options when it comes to drinking.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 09.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' It makes an ideal alternative for the heaviest drinkers, because they won't get drunk and start causing mischief. At the same time, those who don't drink alcohol get the chance to try something new.
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't that harm the Winery's business...?
:{{DIcon}} It still doesn't sound like the most profitable venture.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 10.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Master Diluc isn't all about money. I think he would prefer to see people drinking in moderation than chase bigger profits at any cost.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 11.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Imagine if everyone could just enjoy a nice glass of wine and have a good time while keeping their wits about them and not creating trouble for others... Now wouldn't that be a miracle?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Master Diluc's such a thoughtful guy...
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, is Diluc picking out this year's grapes right now?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 12.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Not just yet. He has a few more issues to sort out first. He'll start the process as soon as those are out of the way.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 13.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' If you're interested, I'm sure Master Diluc would be delighted to see you and hear your thoughts.
:{{DIcon}} What "issues"?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 14.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' As you know, whenever Master Diluc catches wind of any unsavory guests showing up in Mondstadt, he takes it upon himself to go and, ahem, "greet" them in person. It's the same story today.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 15.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' He should be somewhere near Falcon Coast. I'm not sure how long he'll be... In the meantime, would you like to take a seat inside?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 16.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I have to stay here and wait for some other guests, but Hillie and Moco will be glad to take care of you.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Unsavory guests"? What is that supposed to mean...?
:{{DIcon}} Guessing it has something to do with Diluc's part-time job.
::{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 09a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean the Darkn&mdash;
::{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 09a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhhh... the dark 'n' evil Abyss Order are up to no good again?
::{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 09a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case &mdash; Master Diluc's our friend, we can't sit here and do nothing!
:{{DIcon}} Alright, we'll wait inside until Diluc gets back.
::{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 09b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ummm... But Paimon will feel kinda bad if we're sitting in Diluc's house twiddling our thumbs while he's out there hard at work.
::{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 09b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go to Falcon Coast and help Diluc sort out his issues.
::{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 09b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although Diluc is super strong, surely he'd appreciate a little support.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 17.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' If you're happy to help, that would be wonderful. Master trusts you, after all, and you're both very capable.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 adelinde 18.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I know he'd appreciate a helping hand.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No biggie! The sooner Master Diluc is free, the sooner we can get a taste of that delicious grape juice, hehe.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, {{Traveler}}, let's go to the Falcon Coast!

;(Talk to Adelinde again)
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 01.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Please send Master Diluc my regards when you find him.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 02.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Also, do be careful out there.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 03.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' As Master always says, "Even when the odds of success are nine to one, you must never lower your guard."
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo hyeq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that a camp over there? Diluc is camping out in the wild!?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... This is weird... Hmm... Maybe these enemies are really tough, and it's turned into a long, drawn-out battle?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go check it out!

;(Investigate the book at the camp)
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ha... This tent doesn't look like it belongs to Diluc. Maybe it's an adventurer camp?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, there's a piece of paper and a notebook over there. Let's read them.
:'''Someone's Notes:''' "Dear Darknight Hero, we are seeing a repeat of the phenomenon we encountered many years ago."
:'''Someone's Notes:''' "Although you fully resolved the issue last time, the ley lines seem to have been stimulated in some way and are releasing the monsters they recorded once more."
:'''Someone's Notes:''' "I'm sure you'll want to deal with those that pose the biggest threat immediately."
:'''Someone's Notes:''' "So I'm notifying essential individuals, per the operating procedures."
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... judging by the tone, it seems like this was written by someone Diluc knows well. Let's call him "Diluc's friend" for now.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He saw something bad happen, wrote a note for Master Diluc, and then left.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Isn't that pretty irresponsible? What if someone else had seen it? Also, he left his notebook behind...
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmm... Now that Paimon thinks about it... you know that strange ley line deposit on the beach?
:{{DIcon}} I bet that's the "phenomenon" he was talking about.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Other than that, everything seems fine here... not a monster in sight.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, do you wanna read Diluc's friend's notebook, too?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If not, let's head over and take a closer look at the ley line deposit.

;(Interact with the book again)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 25 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are two notes here. Which one shall we start with?
:{{DIcon}} Read the first note.
::'''The First Note:''' It's been years since the ley lines last released such highly aggressive monsters during an anomaly.
::'''The First Note:''' The Darknight Hero's timing was perfect. The way he lured the monsters a few at a time into the open to defeat them one by one... quite the strategy.
::'''The First Note:''' And then he pretended to be seriously injured, luring out the Abyss Order's main forces and then meeting them head on. A truly magnificent counterattack.
::'''The First Note:''' Still, this plan involved too many uncertainties. The Darknight Hero himself even said that he can't afford to take risks like this every time.
::'''The First Note:''' Getting to the root of the problem and preventing these types of ley line disorders from happening is the safest approach.
::{{A|vo hyeq002 25 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't follow all of that. Eh, but it seemed to be about a previous battle Diluc was in?
:{{DIcon}} Read the second note.
::'''The Second Note:''' Ley lines hold many secrets. We ordinary people do not need to concern ourselves with the way they work.
::'''The Second Note:''' But since the Darknight Hero will be fighting against the Abyss Order for the long term, it is in our best interests to gain a deeper understanding of them.
::'''The Second Note:''' I heard that the captain of the Knights of Favonius Investigation Team is a highly accomplished academic, but unlike Lisa, he is not especially close with the Acting Grand Master.
::'''The Second Note:''' We should be able to learn a few things from him without the Knights of Favonius finding out.
::'''The Second Note:''' Perhaps the Darknight Hero could ask him for input on the technical issues regarding the ley lines. I will deliver the letter to his camp on the mountain.
::{{A|vo hyeq002 25 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Sounds like it was talking about Albedo. Did Diluc write a letter to Albedo?

;(Approach the Ley Line)
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where did all these monsters come from!?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh.. Wait a second... Is that Diluc?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... He looks kinda different than usual...
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look at him go! So focused and full of energy! So this is Captain Pyro when he's in top form, huh!
:{{DIcon}} It must be Diluc from when he fought here in the past.
:{{DIcon}} The ley lines are showing the scene they recorded at that time.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you're right! Now that Paimon looks more closely, this Diluc does look younger than usual.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what happened back then? Why was he fighting here?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm. Guess we can just ask him about it when we see him.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do now, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} We shouldn't act rashly.
:{{DIcon}} Let's observe for now.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's see how young Diluc used to fight.

;(After defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The fight is over. Diluc wiped the floor with them... Guess some things haven't changed.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So is there any actual danger here? It looks like it's only these illusions from the past.
:{{DIcon}} Diluc must have already been here.
:{{DIcon}} At most, there might be a few remnants left.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Diluc's already called it a day?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Will more monsters come out if we go up to that weird ley line deposit again? And what about young Diluc?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it's like the other ley line deposits we've seen, then it should've disappeared now that all the monsters are defeated.
:{{DIcon}} So young Diluc's piqued your interest?
:{{DIcon}} Or have you suddenly developed an interest in ley line anomalies?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, hehe, Paimon's just a little worried is all.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What if someone passing by gets curious, comes to check it out, then suddenly "Yaah!" A monster jumps out and clubs him over the head with a "swish" and a "smash"? That would be terrible.
:{{DIcon}} ...Why the sound effects?
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Because it sounds more dangerous that way!
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, we came here to help Diluc, didn't we? So let's stick around a little longer and make sure this place is completely safe before we head back.
:{{DIcon}} You've got a strong sense of responsibility.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... Not really. Paimon just wants some fancy grape juice.
:{{A|vo hyeq001 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, {{Traveler}}, let's finish what we came for. When we get the grape juice, you can have some of Paimon's half!
;(Quest ends)
----
;(Talk to Adelinde at Dawn Winery again)
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 04.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Ah, you're back.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 05.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' How are things at Falcon Coast?
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, it's kinda hard to explain.
:{{DIcon}} It's too early to say for sure.
:{{DIcon}} We need to keep monitoring the situation for a while.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 06.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Fair enough. Well, I don't know the first thing about combat situations anyway, so you can spare yourselves the ordeal of trying to explain it all to me.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 07.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' If there's anything you need, let me know, and I'll sort it out.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq001 adelinde 08.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I'll be right here when you need me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Phantom of the Past
|zhs     = 往日的谜影
|zhs_rm  = Wǎngrì de Míyǐng
|zht     = 往日的謎影
|zht_rm  = Wǎngrì de Míyǐng
|zh_tl   = Phantom of the Past
|ja      = 謎に包まれし過去の影
|ja_rm   = Nazo ni Tsutsumareshi Kako no Kage
|ja_tl   = Shadow of Past Enveloped in Riddles
|ko      = 지난날의 그림자
|ko_rm   = Jinannal-ui Geurimja
|ko_tl   = Shadow of the Past
|es      = Ilusiones del pasado
|es_tl   = Illusions of the Past
|fr      = Fantôme du passé
|fr_tl   = Phantom of the Past
|ru      = Призраки прошлого
|ru_tl   = Ghosts of the Past
|th      = ความลึกลับในห้วงอดีต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bóng Tối Của Quá Khứ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatten der Vergangenheit
|de_tl   = Shadow of the Past
|id      = Siluet Silam
|id_tl   = Old Silhouette
|pt      = Miragem do Passado
|pt_tl   = Mirage of the Past
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Ilusiones del pasado]]
[[fr:Fantôme du passé]]
[[ja:謎に包まれし過去の影]]
[[pt-br:Miragem do Passado]]
[[ru:Призраки прошлого]]