{{Book Infobox
|image       = Book Letter.png
|type        = Quest Items
|region_lore = Inazuma
|region_location = Inazuma
|description = Notes left by [[Yasumoto]]. It has been conscientiously protected from rain damage.
|source1     = On top of a rock next to the trodden path, just before the [[Narukami Pillar]] east of [[Fort Fujitou]].
|previous    = Pharmacist's Notebook (I)
|next        = Pharmacist's Notebook (III)
}}
'''Pharmacist's Notebook (II)''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] "[[Yasumoto's Last Notes]]".

==Lore==
...<br>
...[[Chouji's Mother|A woman]] came to [[Yasumoto|me]] for help. She seems to be a relative of one of the miners. However, her conditions were extremely unique, and my medical abilities aren't sufficient to establish a diagnosis... All I can do is come up with this theory based on my instincts. It seems that the energies of the Tatarigami did not corrupt her. Instead, they flow freely inside of her. The patient's mind and body were not affected, but the consistent fever and the small amount of occasional bleeding are extremely hard to control...<br>
...Though these symptoms are not lethal, I cannot be sure that they are not contagious...<br>
...Perhaps only the hospitals in [[Sumeru]] would have a cure for this...<br>
...<br>
...I've given her directions, and told her where she will find the pirates. Uncle [[Onitaka]] may be greedy for riches, but he is also a righteous soul. He should be willing to help her...<br>
...She has a child by the name of [[Chouji]]. I will take good care of him once this is all over...<br>
...But I can't go to find him right now. It is not the right time yet...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pharmacist's Notebook (II)
|zhs     = 药师的笔记本・二
|zhs_rm  = Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: Èr
|zht     = 藥師的筆記本・二
|zht_rm  = Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: Èr
|ja      = 薬師の手帳・二
|ja_rm   = Kusushi no Tenchou - Ni
|ko      = 약사의 수첩・두 번째
|ko_rm   = Yaksa-ui Sucheop - Du Beonjjae
|es      = Nota del boticario (II)
|fr      = Carnet de pharmacien II
|ru      = Дневник травника (II)
|th      = สมุดบันทึกของเภสัชกร II
|th_rm   = Samut Banthuek khong Phesatcha Kon Song
|vi      = Nhật Ký Dược Sư II
|de      = Notizbuch des Apothekers II
|id      = Buku Catatan Apoteker (II)
|pt      = Caderno do Farmacêutico (II)
|tr      = Eczacının Notları (II)
|it      = Taccuino del farmacista (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[fr:Carnet de pharmacien II]]
[[ru:Дневник травника II]]
[[uk:Блокнот фармацевта ІІ]]