{{Event
|name              = Take Part in the #PhotographerOfTeyvat Discussion Event to Win Primogems
|image             = Take Part in the PhotographerOfTeyvat Discussion Event to Win Primogems.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-04-02 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-04-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/4081867
}}
'''Take Part in the #PhotographerOfTeyvat Discussion Event to Win Primogems''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 2.6]].

Olah！ Travelers~<br />The "Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens" event is now available. Do you know the secrets to taking amazing photos?<br />If you believe that you're the greatest photographer in all of Teyvat, then join the #PhotographerOfTeyvat challenge!

==1. Topic Event: I'm the Greatest Photographer in Teyvat!==
How to Participate
In this event, there are two roles for Travelers to choose: the "Topic-Setter" and the "Challenger"!

Topic-Setter<br />Travelers who choose this role must used a preset title format: [Topic-Setter] Photographer of Teyvat Challenge and two topics: #Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens and #PhotographerOfTeyvat. Please write out in detail the photo requirements you have set for the challenger. The format is as follows:

Title: [Topic-Setter] Photographer of Teyvat Challenge<br />
Content: Teyvat Time: xxxx<br />
Character(s): xxxx<br />
Teyvat Location: xxxx<br />
...<br />
<nowiki>#</nowiki>Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens  #PhotographerOfTeyvat

Challenger<br />Travelers who choose this role can participate in the event by replying to a topic of interest with a photo that meets the requirements. The format is as follows:   [Challenger] + Photo

===Event Duration===
April 2, 2022 – April 16, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
Results: The list of winners will be updated in [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/4081867 this event post] on April 30.

===Event Rewards===
# We will randomly select 20 Travelers amongst the participating Topic-Setters to receive 100 Primogems each.
# We will randomly select 30 Travelers amongst the participating Challengers to receive 200 Primogems each.

==2. Forum Event: This Is Too Easy!==
===How to Participate===
A blurry screenshot from the game will be released on April 2, 9, and 16 on [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/4081867 this event post]. You will have to think about how to recreate a photo identical to this one and post it in the comments section of this post. You must also include the details of the photo, such as time, place, etc. The format is as follows:

Challenge Time: April 2 / 9 / 16<br />
Photo Taken:<br />
Details of the Photo:<br />
Teyvat Time: xxx,<br />
Location: xxxx,<br />
Character(s): xxx,<br />
etc.

===Event Duration===
* April 2, 2022 – April 21, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: The list of winners will be updated in [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/4081867 this event post] on April 30.

===Event Rewards===
After all three images are revealed clearly on April 22, we will randomly choose 10 Travelers among those who have answered correctly to receive 100 Primogems each.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# Each user has only one chance to win a prize in each event. The results of the two events are independent of each other.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Fotógrafo de Teyvat/02-04-2022]]