{{Event
|name              = HoYoLAB x Prime Gaming Event: Photographer of Teyvat: Girdle of the Sands
|image             = Photographer of Teyvat Girdle of the Sands.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-13 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-02 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15142005
}}
{{Description|
Ruins of ancient kingdoms, fantastical seas of flowers, and the deepest reaches of vast deserts.<br>It's time for another expedition to the desert, exploring that stunning landscape and seeing the magnificent creatures there...<hr />Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>A new area of the desert region of Sumeru City is now open, and it's time to go explore it and take photos to commemorate the occasion! Share photos you take in the new region during the event to win cool merchandise!}}
'''HoYoLAB x Prime Gaming Event: Photographer of Teyvat: Girdle of the Sands''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
April 13, 2023 — May 2, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
The list of winners will be announced in this post after May 9.

==How to Participate==
All you need to do is go to the new region of the desert and take photos, and share them with the topic #Photographer of Teyvat.

When sharing photos, Travelers are also encouraged to share interesting stories from their journey (such as brand-new monsters, creatures, or landscapes) or share the areas that you most recommend exploring and why. We'll be randomly selecting 20 Travelers who shared their amazing photos to receive a set of Genshin Impact Acrylic Hangables (4 per set).

==Event Rewards==
Genshin Impact Acrylic Hangables (4 per set) ×20 sets

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred. In the event of unforeseen circumstances such as discontinuation of the said product, it may be replaced with another product of equivalent value.

==HoYoLAB and Prime Gaming are collaborating to bring Travelers more benefits!==
Between December 2022 and May 2023, 8 bundles will be available. They contain a variety of in-game items to help you on your in-game journey and enhance your adventure experience.<br>
Bundle #7 Event Duration: April 13, 2023 08:00 – May 3, 2023 07:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Bundle #7 Contents: Primogems ×60, Hero's Wit ×8, Bountiful Year ×5<br>
Special Reward: At the end of the promotional period of the 8 bundles, we will issue Wings of the Starlit Feast to Travelers who redeemed more than 4 bundles during the event.

===How to Participate & Event Notes===
# To obtain Bundle #7, log in to Prime Gaming's Genshin Impact column during the event [https://gaming.amazon.com/genshin-impact-7?ref_=SM_GI02_P7_IGP >>> Link <<<]
# Log into your Amazon account.
# Press Claim on the Bundle card to obtain a Genshin Impact redemption code

<nowiki>*</nowiki>You must have an active Amazon Prime account to claim the rewards, and each Amazon Prime account is only eligible to claim a single Bundle #7, Prime Gaming Bundle #7 can only be redeemed once for each UID
<nowiki>**</nowiki>The current rewards can only be collected during their respective period. After each respective promotional period, the rewards will expire. Please pay attention to the promotional period of each bundle.
<nowiki>***</nowiki>At the end of the 8 bundles event duration, Wings of the Starlit Feast will be offered to eligible Travelers
<nowiki>****</nowiki>These rewards will be available worldwide except Mainland China, South Korea, and Russia.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[fr:Photographe de Teyvat/13.04.2023]]