{{Event
|name              = HoYoLAB x Prime Gaming Event: #Photographer of Teyvat: Return to the Desert and Uncover Machines
|image             = Photographer of Teyvat Desert of Hadramaveth.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-19 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-02-02 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15142005
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Following Jeht's footsteps, you must have arrived at the Tanit Camps, before continuing on, deeper and deeper, into the desert.<br>On the way through the Desert of Hadramaveth, were you fascinated by the various ingenious devices and was tempted to explore them?<br>Share the secret mechanisms with me in the form of photos!}}
'''HoYoLAB x Prime Gaming Event: #Photographer of Teyvat: Return to the Desert and Uncover Machines''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.4]].

==Event Duration==
January 19, 2023 – February 2, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on February 13, 2023.

==How to Participate==
Use the topic #Photographer of Teyvat to publish a post to share your photos of a mechanical device encountered in the Desert of Hadramaveth, as well as share your corresponding puzzle solving guide and experience.<br>
The more detailed the contents of your contribution, the higher the chances of winning!

==Event Rewards==
I will randomly select 100 Travelers who shared excellent puzzle-solving tips to each receive a reward of Primogems ×100 each.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==HoYoLAB and Prime Gaming are collaborating to bring Travelers more benefits!==
Between December 2022 and May 2023, 8 bundles will be available. They contain a variety of in-game items to help you on your in-game journey and enhance your adventure experience.

Bundle #3 Event Duration: January 19, 2023 08:00 – February 8, 2023 07:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Bundle #3 Contents: Primogems ×60, Hero's Wit ×8, Crab, Ham & Veggie Bake ×5<br>
Special Reward:At the end of the promotional period of the 8 bundles, we will issue a custom item to Travelers who redeemed more than 4 bundles during the event.

==How to Participate & Event Notes==
# To obtain Bundle #3, log in to Prime Gaming's Genshin Impact column during the event >>> Link <<<
# Log into your Amazon account.
# Press Claim on the Bundle card to obtain a Genshin Impact redemption code
<nowiki>*</nowiki>You must have an active Amazon Prime account to claim the rewards, and each Amazon Prime account is only eligible<br>to claim a single Bundle #3, Prime Gaming Bundle #3 can only be redeemed once for each UID
<nowiki>**</nowiki>The current rewards can only be collected during their respective period. After each respective promotional period, the rewards will expire. Please pay attention to the promotional period of each bundle.<br>
<nowiki>***</nowiki>At the end of the 8 bundles event duration, special rewards will be offered to eligible Travelers<br>
<nowiki>****</nowiki>These rewards will be available worldwide except Mainland China, South Korea, and Russia.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[fr:Photographe de Teyvat/19.01.2023]]
[[pt-br:Fotógrafo de Teyvat - A Jornada pelo Deserto]]