{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Pierro.png
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|affiliation3     = Eclipse Dynasty
|affiliationNote3 = formerly
|region           = Snezhnaya
|region2          = Khaenri'ah
|title            = The Jester
|title2           = Director of the Fatui
|title3           = The First Fatuus
|titleRef3        = <ref name="Ashen Heart">{{Ref/Item|Ashen Heart}}</ref>
|voiceEN          = {{w|Richard Tatum}}<ref name="lazzo video description"/>
|voiceCN          = Fu Chong ({{zh|符冲}})<ref name="Lazzo Chinese">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1mB4y1e7Lh {{zh|《原神·提瓦特篇》幕间PV-「冬夜愚戏」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = Mamiya Yasuhiro ({{ja|間宮康弘}})<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1546348730495815685 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:심승한|Sim Seung-han ({{ko|심승한}})}}<ref name="Lazzo Korean">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/MgcKHysZ_Dc {{ko|원신 티바트편 막간 PV - 「한겨울 밤의 광대극」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
}}
'''Pierro''', also known by his codename "'''The Jester''',"<ref name="lazzo video description" /> is the Director of the [[Fatui]] and the very first member as well as Harbinger of the organization.<ref name="PF">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Pale Flame}}</ref><ref name="nightbird">{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}</ref>

He makes his first appearance during ''[https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]'' alongside his fellow Harbingers.

==Profile==
{{Quote|Each one of us has borne witness to the absurd callousness of the foundational principles of this world.<br>
So, let us don our masks in mockery of the world as we go forth and rewrite the rules of destiny.|Pierro|[[Mocking Mask]]
}}
Pierro is the Director of the [[Fatui]]<ref name="lazzo video description">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo] (Video Description)</ref> and the very first member of the organization. He has personally recruited several Harbingers, including [[Il Dottore]], [[Scaramouche]], and [[Signora]].<ref name="PF" />
<!--
===Appearance===
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events
|The Kabukimono's Finale = flashback voice
}}

==Story==
===History===
Before the [[cataclysm]], Pierro was a royal mage of [[Khaenri'ah]] and lived with the [[Traveler's Sibling]] for a time.<ref name="nightbird" /> He failed to gain favor with Khaenri'ah's ruler, [[Irmin|King Irmin]], due to being less capable than the country's sages and could not stop them from doing something that tore away the "veil of sin." This brought "divine wrath and destruction" to the nation,<ref name="MM">{{Ref/Arti|Mocking Mask}}</ref> and Pierro was presumably among the pure-blooded Khaenri'ahns cursed with immortality.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fortune-Mocking Pedigree|quote='''Eide:''' When the cataclysm came, we pure-blood Khaenri'ahns were declared the "greater sinners." Upon us, the gods placed the curse of immortality...}}</ref> For this reason, he became embittered with the "foundational principles of this world" and joined the [[Tsaritsa]]'s cause, establishing the Fatui<ref name="MM" /> and becoming the first Harbinger.

===Recruiting Other Harbingers===
At some point in the past, Pierro went to the [[Great Red Sand]] in pursuit of rumors surrounding an expelled [[Sumeru Akademiya]] scholar there performing heretical acts. He found Zandik, who readily agreed to join the Fatui Harbingers after he expressed support for Zandik's goal of creating a god. Pierro proposed that Zandik take the title Il Dottore, or The Doctor, which Zandik found humorously ironic.<ref name="PF" />

400 years ago, Pierro and Dottore had a hand in the event known as the [[Tatarasuna#Tatarasuna Mystery|Tatarasuna Mystery]], where Dottore infiltrated the [[Mikage Furnace]] as a Fontaine mechanic by the name "Escher" to sabotage the nation per Pierro's order. After assassinating [[Niwa Hisahide]], Dottore offered to introduce the Kabukimono to Pierro, believing that he could become their new comrade if he proved useful. Later on, Pierro encountered a disillusioned Kabukimono and recruited him to the Fatui, where he would later become Scaramouche, the Sixth Harbinger.<ref name="nightbird" /><ref>{{Ref/CS|Wanderer|4}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Kabukimono's Finale}}</ref> Pierro would send Scaramouche on very important tasks, which also included trips into the [[Abyss]],<ref>{{Ref/VO|Wanderer|About The Jester}}</ref> and for unknown reasons told Scaramouche about his history with the Traveler's Sibling.<ref name="nightbird" />

At some point, Pierro also recruited Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter, who had become the infamous Crimson Witch of Flames, to join the Fatui. He gave her the codename La Signora and bestowed her with a Cryo [[Delusion]] in order to suppress the intense flames flowing through her body.<ref name="Ashen Heart"/><ref name="PF" />

Over a decade ago, Pierro personally announced the Tsaritsa's decision to pardon [[Arlecchino]] for assassinating the Harbinger [[Crucabena]], and appoint her as the new "Knave" of the Harbingers.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/tN5JACOEJFM "The Song Burning in the Embers" Full Animated Short]</ref><ref group="Note">According to {{Quest|The Truest Thing}}, [[Lyney]] and [[Lynette]] were House of the Hearth agents when they met [[Cesar]] ten years ago, and they were recruited after Arlecchino became a Harbinger. Given that [[Freminet]] joined while Crucabena was alive, Arlecchino's promotion is unlikely to reach the twenty-year mark.</ref> Shortly afterwards, in a private meeting, he informed Arlecchino that she was a descendant of Khaenri'ah's [[Crimson Moon Dynasty]], a bloodline which the succeeding Eclipse Dynasty &mdash; which Pierro belonged to &mdash; believed had gone extinct.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Arlecchino|5}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/VO|Arlecchino|More About Arlecchino: V}}</ref>

When [[Tartaglia]] became a Harbinger and received his Delusion, Pierro was the one to pin it on him.<ref name="pierro">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|Delusion}}</ref>

===Present===
Before the events of [[Unreconciled Stars]], Pierro sent [[Scaramouche]] to [[Liyue]], where a strange dream-inducing meteorite shower prompted Scaramouche to investigate. While investigating a particularly large meteor that fell at [[Musk Reef]], Scaramouche makes a discovery that causes him to learn about Teyvat's [[False Sky|false sky]]. Believing that Pierro had foreseen the meteorite showers and the discovery he would make, Scaramouche leaves in an irritable mood, presumably to confront the senior Harbinger.<ref name="UnrecStars">{{Ref/Quest|Where Ancient Stars Align}}</ref>

Pierro likely masterminded the Fatui's role in perpetuating [[Inazuma]]'s civil war, as Scaramouche provokes the [[Traveler]] by claiming that he was "just here to follow orders" by overseeing their [[Delusion]] factory. In order to keep the two sides in a stalemate, the Fatui had [[Nathan]] infiltrate the [[Watatsumi Army]],<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Delusion (Quest)}}</ref> destroy the wards keeping the [[Tatarigami]] at bay, and spread life-draining Delusions among the Watatsumi Army.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Those Who Yearn for the Gods' Gaze}}</ref> Meanwhile, Signora persuaded [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]] and [[Kujou Takayuki]], two leaders of the [[Tri-Commission]], to uphold the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] and [[Sakoku Decree]] while exempting the Fatui from their restrictions. However, during the events of [[Chapter II]], Signora is slain by [[the Shogun]] after losing to the Traveler in a duel before the throne.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Duel Before the Throne}}</ref> Pierro appears to genuinely mourn her death, putting an end to the other Harbingers' "foolish theatrics" before her funeral and later addressing the late Harbinger by her real name, Rosalyne.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* Before his origins were confirmed, Pierro was hinted to be from Khaenri'ah based on his backstory in [[Mocking Mask]] and his [[Primogem]]-shaped pupils, a feature shared by fellow Khaenri'ahns [[Kaeya]] and [[Dainsleif]]. Since then, all other characters with those pupils have also been affiliated with Khaenri'ah's Eclipse Dynasty.

===Etymology===
* In ''{{w|commedia dell'arte}}'', a type of Italian theater, "{{w|Pierrot}}" is a sad clown, pining for love of {{w|Columbina|Colombina}} (Columbina), who usually breaks his heart and leaves him for {{w|Arlecchino}} (Harlequin).
** His name was adapted into Pierro to match the actual pronunciation of Pierrot.
* Pierro's Chinese alias ({{zh|丑角}}) literally translates to "The Clown Role," which is a direct translation of the role of ''Pierro'' (sad clown). It can also by extension mean The Jester, The Comedian, The Fool, or The Buffoon.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Pierro Gallery Files}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_default_hidden = 1
|1_en      = Pierro
|1_zhs     = 皮耶罗
|1_zhs_rm  = Píyēluó
|1_zht     = 皮耶羅
|1_zht_rm  = Píyéluó
|1_ja      = ピエロ
|1_ja_rm   = Piero
|1_ko      = 피에로
|1_es      = Pierotto
|1_fr      = Pierro
|1_ru      = Пьеро
|1_th      = Pierro
|1_vi      = Pierro
|1_de      = Pierro
|1_id      = Pierro
|1_pt      = Pierro
|1_tr      = Pierro
|1_it      = Pierrot

|2_en      = The Jester
|2_zhs     = 丑角
|2_zhs_rm  = Chǒujué
|2_zht     = 丑角
|2_zht_rm  = Chǒujué
|2_zh_tl   = Clown Role
|2_ja      = 道化
|2_ja_rm   = Douke
|2_ja_tl   = Clown
|2_ja_note = Short for {{ja|道化師|rm=doukeshi|tl=clown, the comic performer,}} but possibly also short for {{ja|道化役|tl=clown role}} as in Chinese.
|2_ko      = 어릿광대
|2_ko_tl   = Clown
|2_es      = El Bufón
|2_es_tl   = The Buffoon
|2_fr      = Le Fou
|2_fr_tl   = The Fool
|2_ru      = Шут
|2_ru_tl   = The Jester
|2_th      = The Jester
|2_vi      = The Jester
|2_de      = Narr
|2_de_tl   = Jester
|2_id      = The Jester
|2_pt      = Bobo da Corte
|2_pt_tl   = Jester
|2_tr      = Soytarı
|2_tr_tl   = Jester
|2_it      = Il Giullare
|2_it_tl   = The Jester
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Navigation==
{{Fatui Navbox}}

[[de:Pierro]]
[[es:Pierotto]]
[[fr:Pierro]]
[[it:Pierrot]]
[[ja:「道化」]]
[[pl:Pierro]]
[[pt-br:Pierro]]
[[ru:Пьеро]]
[[th:Pierro]]
[[tr:Pierro]]
[[vi:Pierro]]