{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20061
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Draff
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|characters    = Draff; Paimon; Sara; Traveler
|next          = [[A Boy's Letter]]
|nextNote      = After finding Draff's Letter in the Hilichurl version
|otherRewards  = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Pigeons Go AWOL''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
===Normal Version===
# Talk to [[Draff]]
# Look for pigeons in the woods
# Scare off the pigeons
# Report back to Draff
:; If the pigeons were killed{{Colon}}
#<li value=5> Give the [[Sara's Letter|letter]] to [[Sara]]
# Report back to Draff

===Hilichurl Version===
# Talk to Draff
# Look for pigeons in the woods
# Scare off the pigeons
# Investigate what's happening up ahead
# Defeat all the hilichurls{{Enemy List|Dendro Samachurl; Hilichurl Fighter; Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*2; Wooden Shield Mitachurl}}
# Report back to Draff

==Gameplay Notes==
* Killing pigeons before returning to Draff will result in adjusted dialogue and subsequent steps to deliver a letter to Sara, even after the game delivers the initial dialogue for only scaring away the pigeons. This applies to pigeons outside of the initial highlighted area.
* Finding [[Draff's Letter]] during the hilichurl version unlocks the commission ''[[A Boy's Letter]]'', which will lead to the {{Achievement|"Dear Daddy..."}}
** It is not guaranteed that the letter will appear at the hilichurl camp even if the player gets the hilichurl version of the commission. If a version other than the hilichurl one is randomly picked, or if the letter does not spawn, the commission can be left uncompleted to avoid removing it from your [[Commission#Cycle Theory|cycle]] and allowing players to get another chance at getting the right version before the cycle resets.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Draff is angry at the pigeons he keeps...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Draff)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Regarding these pigeons...
:'''Draff:''' They'd be more use to me roasted with a few wild mushrooms...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Draff:''' I raised them as carrier pigeons, to deliver messages.
:'''Draff:''' But for some reason they are getting less and less reliable.
:'''Draff:''' Either they lose the message or they glide around for hours but never actually deliver it. Or, they sit around the whole time just waiting for someone to chase them off.
:'''Draff:''' If you have time, maybe you could hurry along the pigeons I just released.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
::'''Draff:''' Great. So if you see any of them slacking off, chase them away for me.
:{{DIcon}} I seek not the enmity of pigeons.
::'''Draff:''' Don't worry, it's not like pigeons to hold a grudge. Their memory is much too short for that.
::'''Draff:''' I never had you down as such a pigeon lover...

;(Talk to Draff again, optional)
:'''Draff:''' These pigeons are getting plumper by the day... What is [[Allan]] feeding them?

===Normal Version===
;(Approach the woods)
:'''Paimon:''' These pigeons are such lazy slackers. Hurry them along, they need to learn to be good little pigeons and deliver those messages!

;(If the player scares all the pigeons off)
:'''Paimon:''' There! I doubt they'll be planning on slacking off again anytime soon...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go and update Draff.

;(If the player kills any pigeon)
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes! What are you doing that for!? Draff will flip a lid!
:'''Paimon:''' How are we going to face Draff now...
----
;(Talk to Draff)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Regarding these pigeons...
:;(If the player scared the pigeons off)
:::'''Draff:''' Maybe now they'll deliver their messages without a fuss in future...
:::'''Draff:''' But I can't exactly follow them and check... Anyway, that'll do for now.
:::'''Draff:''' For your trouble, please take this. And if you ever need to send a message, just come and find me.
:::;(Commission ends)
:;(If the player killed any pigeon)
:::'''Draff:''' You did WHAT? How could you!? They were my carrier pigeons!!
:::'''Draff:''' You churlish cretin... hilichurlish, even! What am I going to do about all these letters!?
:::{{DIcon}} Sowwie...
::::'''Draff:''' Is that the best you can do? A Knight of Flaming Favonius and the best you can offer is a half-hearted apology!?
:::{{DIcon}} Sometimes I don't know my own strength...
::::'''Draff:''' It helps if you don't chase them off with a flaming meat cleaver!
:::'''Draff:''' You've really fluffed up here, and now you have to make it right. Since you're so bird-brained anyway, I trust you will have no problem being my new carrier pigeon!
::;(Obtain {{Item|Sara's Letter}})
----
;(Talk to Sara)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Chirp chirp, I have a letter for you.
:'''Sara:''' Oh! I never expected you to be the one delivering this!
:'''Sara:''' I thought it would be a carrier pigeon, like usual.
:'''Sara:''' But as long as it's delivered I'm happy. Thanks!
----
;(Talk to Draff)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Regarding these pigeons...
:'''Draff:''' Goodness... The devil makes work for idle hands, eh.
:'''Draff:''' Alright, well never mind. I'll let you off this once. Off you go now.

===Hilichurl Version===
;(Approach the woods)
:'''Paimon:''' These pigeons are such lazy slackers. Hurry them along, they need to learn to be good little pigeons and deliver those messages!

;(Approach the pigeons)
:'''Paimon:''' Dun-dun-dun! The pigeons are gone! Paimon swears they were here just a second ago...
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe they've flown off to somewhere nearby to keep slacking off. Let's look around.

;(Approach the hilichurl camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Look at these hilichurls, they're gathered round a cooking pot and there's a bit pile of meat by the side...
:'''Paimon:''' ...The pigeons! Nooo! The hilichurls are eating the carrier pigeons... They might be carrying messages too!
:'''Paimon:''' Destroy them! And get those messages back.

;(Pick up the letter)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, what's this? ...A message?
:'''Paimon:''' Shoot, one of the pigeons must have dropped it on the way...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, see who the sender is. Maybe we can sort this out.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Draff's Letter}})
----
;(Talk to Draff)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Regarding these pigeons...
:'''Draff:''' The hilichurls have an insatiable appetite for avian messengers? Are you serious...
:;(If Draff's Letter was picked up)
:::{{DIcon}} Is this letter yours?
:::'''Draff:''' A letter? Ah yes, I sent this! It was supposed to go to Sister Grace, in the city.
:::'''Draff:''' You didn't read it, did you? Not that it matters anyway, it's all stuff that happened years ago.
:::'''Draff:''' With some things, you can't leave them in the dark forever...
:::'''Draff:''' Thank you for bringing it all this way, I'll run it down to the city myself some time. Here's a small reward for finding it...
:::'''Draff:''' Timmie, hey Timmie...
:;(If Draff's Letter was not picked up)
:::'''Draff:''' Well, I suppose they are getting plump, and would probably make a great pairing with a glass of jagerschnapps...
:::'''Draff:''' ...I mean, uh... Oh drats, now I have to raise a whole new flock of pigeons.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pigeons Go AWOL
|zhs     = 鸽子习惯一去不回
|zhs_rm  = Gēzi Xíguàn Yīqùbùhuí
|zht     = 鴿子習慣一去不回
|zht_rm  = Gēzi Xíguàn Yīqùbùhuí
|zh_tl   = Pigeons are Used to Never Returning
|ja      = 帰らないハト
|ja_rm   = Kaeranai Hato
|ja_tl   = Unreturning Pigeons
|ko      = 비둘기는 한 번 떠나면 돌아오지 않는다
|ko_tl   = Pigeons Never Return Once They Leave
|es      = Palomas extraviadas
|es_tl   = Stray Pigeons
|fr      = Des pigeons dans la brume
|fr_tl   = Pigeons in the Mist
|ru      = Голуби не возвращаются
|ru_tl   = Pigeons Don't Come Back
|th      = นกพิราบที่หายไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Pigeons That Disappeared
|vi      = Bồ câu không bao giờ trở về
|vi_tl   = Never Returning Pigeons
|de      = Auf Nimmerwiedersehen, meine Täubchen
|de_tl   = Goodbye Forever, My Litte Pigeons
|id      = Merpati tak Kunjung Pulang
|id_tl   = Pigeons not Coming Back Home
|pt      = Pombos desaparecidos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Aylak Güvercinler
|tr_tl   = Vagabond Pigeons
|it      = Ammutinamento pennuto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:Palomas extraviadas]]
[[fr:Des pigeons dans la brume]]
[[ja:帰らないハト]]
[[pt-br:Pombos desaparecidos]]
[[ru:Голуби не возвращаются]]