{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20048
|type          = Commission
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Timmie
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Timmie; Traveler
|next          = Sorry, Timmie!
|nextNote      = If any of the ducks were killed
|other         = 
*Killing the ducks leads to the [[Sorry, Timmie!]] commission the next day, which will grant the [[Taking Responsibility for Your Actions]] achievement.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards (if no ducks killed):
{{Card|Mondstadt Hash Brown|1}}
}}
'''Pigeon, Duck, and Child''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Timmie]]
#Find and collect three [[Wheat]]
#Give the Wheat to Timmie
#Go to the lakeside and scatter the Wheat
#*Players can kill at least one duck before or after scattering the wheat to get a different set of dialogue from Timmie and activate the [[Sorry, Timmie!]] commission (which gives the achievement [[Taking Responsibility for Your Actions]]) the next day.
#Talk to Timmie
#*Changes to "Talk to angry Timmie" if you kill at least one duck

==Notes==
* Timmie will not get upset if the player kills any of the ducks before talking to him or giving him the Wheat. (New ducks will spawn after the player gives him the wheat.)

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

You will also gain a [[Mondstadt Hash Brown]] if you feed the ducks and do not kill them.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Timmie]] is concerned that you have scared off the pigeons. He thinks you should be kind to fellow animals.<br /><br />Timmie is sulking again. This time, it's not about a pigeon being scared away...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Timmie)
:'''Timmie:''' Argh! YOU again! You've scared all my pigeons off... again!
:'''Timmie:''' I was feeding them. What do you have to say for yourself?
:{{DIcon}} Oops...
:'''Timmie:''' Hmph. Well, Mommy always tells me that if someone's really sorry, they will show it with their actions, not their words.
:'''Timmie:''' The bridge pigeons are my friends. I feed them all the time.
:'''Timmie:''' But these days the ducks are coming and stealing their food, and the pigeons never have enough to eat anymore.
:'''Timmie:''' I want you to find three wheats for me and feed them to the ducks. While you're doing that, I can make sure the bridge pigeons get enough to eat.
:'''Timmie:''' Once both sides have had enough to eat, maybe everyone can become friends.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Timmie:''' Thank you.
::'''Timmie:''' If you treat animals well, maybe you can become friends with them too.
:{{DIcon}} I seek not the friendship of pigeons.
::'''Timmie:''' Whether you want to be their friend or not... You owe them an apology!
::'''Timmie:''' So hurry up and get that wheat!

;(Talk to Timmie again)
:'''Timmie:''' Have you found the wheat yet?
:{{DIcon}} Still looking...
:'''Timmie:''' Fine. But make sure you find it before the ducks get back!
:'''Timmie:''' The pigeons? They're not here yet. Don't worry about them, they'll be here.
----
;(Give the Wheat to Timmie)
:'''Timmie:''' Found the wheat yet?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yep.
:'''Timmie:''' It looks like enough.
:'''Timmie:''' Take it down to the lake and feed it to the ducks.

;(Talk to Timmie again)
:'''Timmie:''' Why aren't my pigeons here yet...
----
;(Talk to Timmie after feeding the ducks)
:'''Timmie:''' I'm sure they'll all get on much better after a nice meal.
:'''Timmie:''' Next time you're passing by, please try not to scare off the pigeons. It's hard work to get them to come back again.
:{{DIcon}} I'll be more careful in future {{sic}}.
:'''Timmie:''' Alright. I forgive you. Here, have a Mondstadt hash brown – they're my favorite!
:'''Timmie:''' Mommy says you should always be kind to others.
;(Obtain Mondstadt Hash Brown ×1)

;(Talk to Timmie if you killed ducks)
:'''Timmie:''' WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!? I saw that, you... you... Those poor ducks...!
:{{DIcon}} It was for the pigeons...
:'''Timmie:''' Go away! I never want to see you again... EVER!
:'''Timmie:''' *sobbing* I'm telling Mommy...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pigeon, Duck, and Child
|zhs     = 鸽子、鸭子、小孩子
|zhs_rm  = Gēzi, Yāzi, Xiǎo Háizi
|zht     = 鴿子、鴨子、小孩子
|zht_rm  = Gēzi, Yāzi, Xiǎo Háizi
|zh_tl   = Pigeon, Duck, Small Child
|ja      = ハト、アヒル、子供
|ja_rm   = hato, ahiru, kodomo
|ja_tl   = Pigeon, Duck, and Child
|ko      = 비둘기, 오리, 어린이
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Paloma, pato y niño
|es_tl   = Pigeon, Duck, and Child
|fr      = Pigeon, canard et enfant
|fr_tl   = Pigeon, Duck, and Child
|ru      = Мальчик, голуби и утки
|ru_tl   = Boy, Pigeons, and Ducks
|th      = นกพิราบ เป็ด และเด็กน้อย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Pigeon, Duck, and Small Child
|vi      = Bồ câu, Vịt, Con nít
|vi_tl   = Pigeon, Duck, Child
|de      = Tauben, Enten, kleine Kinder
|de_tl   = Pigeons, Ducks, Small Children
|id      = Merpati, Bebek, dan Anak Kecil
|id_tl   = Pigeon, Duck, and Small Child
|pt      = Pombos, Patos e Criança
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:Paloma, pato y niño]]
[[pt-br:Pombos, Patos e Criança]]
[[fr:Pigeon, canard et enfant]]