{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Pir Kavikavus.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Kshahrewar
|title            = 
}}
'''Pir Kavikavus''' was a historical figure in [[Sumeru]]. He was hailed as a true genius and the pride of [[Kshahrewar]]; however, following an accident during his research into the [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)|Ruin Golem]] at [[Devantaka Mountain]], his research was lost and Kshahrewar lost its prestige ever since.
<!--
==Profile==
===Personality===
===Appearance===
-->
==Story==
{{Quote|It has been proven that [[Akasha System|Akasha]] has no signal on Devantaka Mountain.|Pir Kavikavus|[[Bimarstan's Proverb Column]]}}
An unknown amount of time after the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago, Pir Kavikavus joined [[Sumeru Akademiya]]'s Kshahrewar. He proved to be a prodigy and gained the status of Herbad before he was 30 years old, which was a monumental accomplishment.<ref name="VAJC">{{Ref/Quest|Vimana Agama: Jazari's Chapter}}</ref> Kavikavus was also friends with an [[Aranara]] named [[Aralohita]], who accompanied him and helped him with his discoveries.<ref name="UVH">{{Ref/Quest|Until Vana is Healed}}</ref>

In the Akademiya's records, he was the last person to get inside the Ruin Golem for systematic research and since then, nobody has been able to make their way inside. However, while he was investigating the ancient [[Khaenri'ah]]n construct, he got into an accident. His research was lost and Pir Kavikavus himself likely died.<ref name="VAJC" /><ref name="UVH" /> Ever since then, Kshahrewar has been greatly depreciated in the Akademiya's eyes, and they have not even received an increase in funding in the years since his passing.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Akademiya Public Message Board|Funding for Kshahrewar}}</ref>

After Kavikavus' death, Aralohita saved some of his research and locked it behind riddles and puzzles, which the Aranara had been fond of. While Aralohita survived whatever accident Kavikavus was involved in, Aralohita's own fate is unknown.<ref name="UVH" />

===Legacy===
Many members of Kshahrewar continue to admire Kavikavus to this day, including [[Jazari]], who seeks to follow in his predecessor's path and study the Ruin Golem. While helping [[Ararycan]] protect the forest, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] aid Jazari's research for their own ends.<ref name="VAJC" /><ref name="UVH" />

After solving a puzzle Aralohita left behind, the Traveler, Paimon, and Ararycan discovered one of Kavikavus' writings, entitled "Theory and Practice: Enhancing the Safety of the Chaos Core in Unstable Conditions Using the Khaenri'ah Ruin Golem of Devantaka Mountain as an Example." Unable to read it themselves, they gave it to Jazari, who was able to understand what Kavikavus had written about.<ref name="UVH" />

Ecstatic over the discovery of Kavikavus' long-lost research, Jazari immediately put it to the test by sealing the Ruin Golem's Chaos Core. The seal successfully weakened the [[Abyss Mage]]s who tried to interrupt the sealing process, and with the seal complete, the [[Abyss Order]]'s threat to the forest was greatly diminished.<ref name="UVH" />

==Trivia==
*The Pir Kavikavus Prize, which is awarded to a scholar under 30 who has made outstanding research in a particular field, is named after him.

===Etymology===
*"Kavikavus" may be derived from {{w|Kay Kavus}}, a historical Persian king written about in the {{w|Shahnameh}}. Kay Kavus is known equally for his inventions and for his knack for getting into trouble, which required him to be saved by the hero Rostam.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Pir Kavikavus
|zhs     = 迦毗鸠师
|zhs_rm  = Jiāpíjiūshī
|zht     = 迦毗鳩師
|zht_rm  = Jiāpíjiūshī
|ja      = カビカバス
|ja_rm   = Kabikabasu
|ko      = 대스승 카비카부스
|ko_rm   = Daeseuseung Kabikabuseu
|es      = Profesor Kavikavus
|fr      = Pir Kavikavus
|ru      = Пир Кавикавус
|th      = Pir Kavikavus
|vi      = Pir Kavikavus
|de      = Pir Kavikavus
|id      = Pir Kavikavus
|pt      = Pir Kavikavus
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}