{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22000; 22001; 22002
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Pirate Invasion in Liyue Harbor.png
|npc           = Little Lulu, Little Fei, Little Meng
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Little Fei;Little Lulu;Little Meng;Paimon;Traveler
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Grants the achievement [[Pirates! Argh!]] if all three possible variants of the Commission have been completed.
}}
'''''Pirate Invasion, in Liyue Harbor!''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Liyue Harbor]]. 

There are three versions of this quest and it will be revealed after talking to the children.

==Steps==
;'''Little Meng Version'''
# Talk to [[Little Lulu]], [[Little Fei]], and [[Little Meng]]
# Talk to "Captain" Little Meng
# Use Anemo or Hydro to clean the deck (0/4)
# Talk to Little Meng

;'''Little Lulu Version'''
# Talk to Little Lulu, Little Fei, and Little Meng
# Talk to "rich merchant" Little Lulu
# Find [[Lotus Head]]s (0/2)
# Talk to Little Lulu

;'''Little Fei Version'''
# Talk to Little Lulu, Little Fei, and Little Meng
# Talk to "First Mate" Little Fei
# Find Captain with Little Fei
#* If the Traveler fails to follow Little Fei, the quest will reset
# Talk to "Captain" Little Meng
# Find [[Lotus Head]]s
# Calm Little Meng and Little Fei down

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing all three versions of the commission grants the {{Achievement|Pirates! Argh!}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|There's a group of kids who are very eager to play a pirate-themed game...}}

===Little Meng Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' So. How shall we play it this time?
:'''Little Fei:''' Hmph. If no one's going to be the pirate, we can't play it at all.
:'''Little Meng:''' But no one wants to be a pirate. So what're we gonna do...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Little Meng:''' We were gonna play a game, but there's no one to be the pirate.
:'''Little Meng:''' If there's no pirate there's no one to do the robbing... so we can't start the game.
:'''Little Meng:''' Ooh, ooh, I know, you can do it! Do you want to be a pirate?
:{{DIcon}} It will be done.
::'''Little Meng:''' Yay! Right, let's get ready...
:{{DIcon}} Pirating is not my area of expertise...
::'''Little Meng:''' It's not that hard! A pirate is just someone who is very naughty and takes things that don't belong to them.
::'''Little Meng:''' I have never met a real pirate though. That's just what Beidou told me.
::'''Little Meng:''' But I think it must be quite easy to play a pirate.
::'''Little Meng:''' Hehehe, I'm sure you can do it! Let's go!
:'''Little Meng:''' When you're ready, come and join in.
----
;(Talk to "Captain" Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' Ready?
:{{DIcon}} Ready!
::'''Little Meng:''' Then let the game begin!
::'''Little Meng:''' ...How do we start?
::{{DIcon}} Uh... Shiver me timbers? I'm robbing you!
::'''Little Lulu:''' Eek! Pirates!
::'''Little Fei:''' Don't worry, Lulu, I'll save you!
::'''Little Meng:''' You must be a pirate. Tell me, why are you robbing us?
::{{DIcon}} Because I'm a pirate...
::{{DIcon}} That's what pirates do...
::'''Little Meng:''' Not all of them. There are good-guy pirates and bad-guy pirates.
::'''Little Meng:''' Beidou says she's a pirate, but she's one of the good guys. She gives us snacks! Everyone loves Beidou.
::'''Little Meng:''' Why you gotta be a bad pirate? Can't you be a good pirate instead?
::'''Paimon:''' You're the one who said pirates are naughty people who take things that don't belong to them!
::{{DIcon}} I see the error of my ways.
::{{DIcon}} I hereby renounce said naughtiness.
::'''Little Meng:''' Great! Owning up to your mistakes is the first step towards becoming a better person. That's what Beidou says.
::'''Little Meng:''' The next step is tidying up the area. Because as long as you do good things, you can be a good person. Even a good pirate.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Little Meng:''' Okay, just let me know when you're ready then.

;(Talk to Little Meng before completing the task)
:'''Little Meng:''' Finished cleaning?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:'''Little Meng:''' Hurry up. This is your chance to change your ways and show that you can be a good person.
:'''Little Fei:''' Hey, are we seriously saying that just cleaning up the place once turns you into one of the good guys?
:'''Little Meng:''' All it takes to be a good person is the willingness to do the right thing.
:'''Little Fei:''' That sounds too simple...
:'''Little Meng:''' Do good, you're a good person. Do bad, you're a bad person. Yes, it's very simple.
:'''Little Fei:''' Huh. You may say so, but then how come there's still so many bad people in the world?
:'''Little Meng:''' Because everything in the world is easier said than done.
:'''Little Meng:''' But doing bad things is still easier than doing good things.
:'''Little Fei:''' Did Beidou teach you that?
:'''Little Meng:''' Nah, that one I read in a book.
----
;(After completing the task)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks the cleaning is done now.
:'''Paimon:''' Surely we've redeemed ourselves by now...
----
;(Talk to Little Meng after completing the task)
:'''Little Meng:''' Finished cleaning yet?
:{{DIcon}} Finished.
:'''Little Meng:''' Yay! Thanks, these are for you. It was fun playing with you!
:'''Little Meng:''' And don't forget &mdash; being a good person doesn't stop here. Make it a habit for life.
:'''Little Fei:''' Hey, when do I get to be the captain?
:'''Little Meng:''' Next time.
:'''Little Fei:''' That's what you said last time...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Little Lulu Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' Lulu, how come I'm the captain again?
:'''Little Lulu:''' Because it's way more fun when you're the captain.
:'''Little Fei:''' Well, as long as Lulu's happy... then I'm fine with it.
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Little Lulu:''' We're playing a game!
:'''Little Lulu:''' Meng is the captain, Fei is first mate and I'm a rich merchant.
:'''Little Lulu:''' All we're missing is the pirate. The pirate's supposed to come and rob us.
:'''Little Lulu:''' You can be the pirate if you wanna play with us?
:{{DIcon}} ...Ahoy, me hearties!
::'''Little Lulu:''' Yay!
:{{DIcon}} I wanna be one of the good guys...
::'''Little Lulu:''' It's just a game! Don't worry, I know you're a good person in real life.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Okay, come and let us know when you're ready.
----
;(Talk to "rich merchant" Little Lulu)
:'''Little Lulu:''' Ready?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::'''Little Lulu:''' Woohoo! We're starting!
::'''Little Lulu:''' You have to start.
::{{DIcon}} Avast ye! I be here to rob yer!
::'''Little Meng:''' Hah! In broad daylight? Good luck, the Millelith men are right there watching!
::'''Little Fei:''' Lulu, come quickly! We must escape...
::'''Little Lulu:''' Hello Mr. Pirate. What are you here to rob?
::{{DIcon}} Er... Mora? ...Ar!
::;(Goes to "But I don't have many Mora...")
::{{DIcon}} You, me pretty little lassie!
:::'''Little Lulu:''' Erm, even though we know it's just a game, we still need to be careful...
:::'''Little Lulu:''' See? The Millelith men are all looking at us now.
::'''Little Lulu:''' But I don't have many Mora...
::'''Little Lulu:''' Daddy says that on a boat, the most valuable thing is the merchants' goods.
::'''Little Lulu:''' How about this. Why don't you go and find some valuable things to use in the game?
::'''Little Lulu:''' Then we'll have goods for you to try and steal!
::'''Little Lulu:''' Hmm... Lotus Heads will do.
::'''Little Lulu:''' We three all love eating Lotus Heads. If you're being a naughty pirate, the naughtiest thing you could do is steal our favorite food!
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
:;(Dialogue ends)

;(Talk to Little Lulu again without sufficient Lotus Heads)
:'''Little Lulu:''' Have you found the Lotus Heads yet?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Okay, just keep looking. Take your time... but hopefully not too much time.
:'''Little Lulu:''' We've been playing for ages, I'm getting hungry now...
----
;(When there are 2 Lotus Heads in inventory)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be plenty of Lotus Heads. Let's go find Little Lulu.
----
;(Talk to Little Lulu after getting the Lotus Heads)
:'''Little Lulu:''' Have you found the Lotus Heads yet?
:{{DIcon}} Got them.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Yay!
:'''Little Lulu:''' Meng! Fei! Come and eat these Lotus Heads with me!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon thought we were supposed to be robbing you?
:'''Little Lulu:''' Oh, yeah... Well here you are, take this Mora and stuff.
:'''Little Lulu:''' You're really great at playing a pirate. Not everyone has what it takes to steal all this stuff from a little kid.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon has a feeling that this kid is subtly mocking us...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Thanks for your help and it was fun playing with you. Please play with us again soon!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Little Fei Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Little Fei)
:'''Little Fei:''' Meng, today I get to be the captain &mdash; right?
:'''Little Meng:''' Lulu, I've been the captain loads of times in a row now, we should let Fei have a turn.
:'''Little Lulu:''' But Meng, you're the bestest captain ever! I want you to keep being it...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Little Fei:''' We're trying to play a game. They promised me I could be the captain this time...
:'''Little Fei:''' But Lulu keeps saying it's way more fun when Meng is the captain.
:'''Little Fei:''' *sigh* Lulu always does this... But, if it's what she wants... I guess it's fine by me.
:'''Little Fei:''' Hey, do you have time to join in? You can be the pirate!
:{{DIcon}} Okay...
::'''Little Fei:''' *sigh* Once again, as always, I'm just the first mate...
:{{DIcon}} But I wanna be one of the good guys.
::'''Little Fei:''' *sigh* Ah, I really wanna be the captain...
:'''Little Fei:''' Just like last time, come and join us when you're ready.
----
;(Talk to "First Mate" Little Fei)
:'''Little Fei:''' Ready yet?
:{{DIcon}} Ready.
::'''Little Fei:''' Alright then. I guess we can start.
::'''Little Fei:''' I hate being the first mate...
::'''Little Fei:''' Lulu and Meng only care about themselves...
::{{DIcon}} Ar! Do I spy me some pieces of eight? Hand 'em over!
::'''Little Fei:''' Oh, hi pirate. Sorry, I'm just a poor first mate with nothing for you to steal.
::'''Little Fei:''' If you're here to rob the boat, you need to find someone with enough money... Hmm...
::'''Little Fei:''' I know! The captain is really rich &mdash; you should go and steal from him!
::'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What!? Don't you work on this boat?
::'''Little Fei:''' Yeah! That means I know how to find the captain.
::'''Little Fei:''' He's just a captain anyway... What's so special about that...
::'''Little Fei:''' Come with me! I'll take you to the captain...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Little Fei:''' Never mind, take your time. Boring game anyway...
;(When Little Fei begins running after the dialogue)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey... Hey! Wait for us!
:'''Paimon:''' Something seems off about how this is panning out...
;(Losing Little Fei)
:'''Little Fei:''' Quick! Little Meng &mdash; I mean, the captain &mdash; he's getting away!
:;(If too far from Little Fei)
::'''Little Fei:''' <!-- Little Fei's name pops up with neither the gold line underneath nor dialogue -->
::'''Little Fei:''' Quick! Little Meng &mdash; I mean, the captain &mdash; he's getting away!
:;(Quest restarts)
----
;(Talk to "Captain" Little Meng)
:'''Little Fei:''' Here we are! Here's the captain!
:'''Little Meng:''' What are you doing, bringing the pirates here!? You should've led them on a wild goose chase so that me and Lulu would have time to escape!
:'''Little Fei:''' Why do you and Lulu get to escape while I have to stay here and hold the pirates up!?
:'''Little Fei:''' I got a better idea: I give you over to the pirates while I escape with Lulu!
:'''Little Meng:''' But... Beidou says you should never abandon your friends!
:'''Little Fei:''' Oh? And does Beidou also say that the captain should run away with their favorite person at the first sign of trouble!?
:'''Little Meng:''' Why you little... I'm never sharing my Lotus Heads with you EVER again!
:'''Little Fei:''' FINE! It's only you who cares so much about stupid Lotus Heads anyway!
:'''Paimon:''' They are blowing this way out of proportion...
:'''Little Lulu:''' Don't worry, I know a way we can sort this out.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Lotus Heads are their favorite thing in the world... Giving them their favorite treat will definitely calm them down.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Can you find some Lotus Heads for me?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Little Lulu:''' Thank you! You need to be quick though.
:{{DIcon}} It's not Lotus Heads they're fighting over...
::'''Little Lulu:''' Oh... Really? Well what is it?
::'''Little Lulu:''' ...Anyway, just get some Lotus Heads. We can't have them arguing like this all day.
----
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' You traitor! This is mutiny!
:'''Little Fei:''' What, you can't cope with things not going your way for a change?
:'''Little Meng:''' I'm never sharing my Lotus Heads with you EVER again!
:'''Little Fei:''' FINE! It's only you who cares so much about stupid Lotus Heads anyway!
:'''Paimon:''' Haha... This looks like it could take a while...
----
;(After obtaining 2 Lotus Heads in inventory, if previously there was <2)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be plenty of Lotus Heads. Let's get back to Little Lulu.
;(If player already has at least 2 Lotus Heads)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be plenty of Lotus Heads. Let's get back to Little Lulu.

;(Calm Little Meng and Little Fei down)
:'''Little Lulu:''' Did you find some Lotus Heads yet?
:{{DIcon}} Yup.
:'''Little Fei:''' You're the meanie!
:'''Little Meng:''' No, you're the meanie!
:'''Little Lulu:''' Stop fighting. You're only going to wear yourselves out.
:'''Little Lulu:''' It's just a game, there's no need to get so mad. We're all friends, right?
:'''Little Lulu:''' And look what I've got... Freshly picked Lotus Heads! Go on, help yourselves.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Once you've eaten, we're gonna straighten all this out.
:'''Little Lulu:''' We'll decide who gets to be the captain and the first mate, and in what order. Sound good?
:'''Little Meng:''' Fine...
:'''Little Fei:''' Okay...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, it actually worked! Peace and quiet at last.
:'''Little Lulu:''' Told you so!
:{{DIcon}} How did you know that would work?
::'''Little Lulu:''' We've been playing together a long time. I know these things.
:{{DIcon}} Little Lulu is a miracle worker...
::'''Little Lulu:''' Heeh-hee, thanks. But Beidou is the real miracle worker.
::'''Little Lulu:''' I hope I can be like her when I grow up...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/VShrcGcfnME
|caption1 = "[[Pirates! Argh!]]" Achievement Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/jDBmfWSdCBo
|caption2 = "[[Pirates! Argh!]]" Achievement Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pirate Invasion, in Liyue Harbor!
|zhs     = 璃月港，有海盗！
|zhs_rm  = Líyuè-gǎng, Yǒu Hǎidào!
|zht     = 璃月港，有海盜！
|zht_rm  = Líyuè-gǎng, Yǒu Hǎidào!
|zh_tl   = Liyue Harbor Has Pirates!
|ja      = 璃月港に海賊あり！
|ja_rm   = Riiywe-kou ni Kaizoku Ari!
|ja_tl   = Liyue Harbor Has Pirates!
|ko      = 리월항에 해적이 나타났다!
|ko_rm   = Riwol-hang-e Haejeok-i Natanattta!
|ko_tl   = Pirates in Liyue Harbor!
|es      = ¡Piratas en Liyue!
|es_tl   = Pirates in Liyue!
|fr      = Des pirates à Liyue !
|fr_tl   = Pirates in Liyue!
|ru      = Пираты в Ли Юэ!
|ru_tl   = Pirates in Liyue!
|th      = มีโจรสลัดที่ท่าเรือ Liyue!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = There's Pirates in Liyue Harbor!
|vi      = Cảng Liyue, có hải tặc!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Piraten im Hafen!
|de_tl   = Pirates in the Harbor!
|id      = Bajak Laut di Liyue Harbor!
|id_tl   = Pirates in Liyue Harbor!
|pt      = Invasão de Piratas em Liyue!
|pt_tl   = Pirate Invasion in Liyue!
|tr      = Liyue Limanı'nda Korsan İstilası!
|tr_tl   = Pirate Invasion in Liyue Port!
|it      = I pirati invadono il Porto di Liyue!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:¡Piratas en Liyue!]]
[[ja:璃月港に海賊あり！]]
[[ru:Пираты Ли Юэ!]]