{{Stub|Domain walkthrough}}
{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Place of Secrets.png
|type         = Quest
|description  = Fatui intelligence indicates that this place may play host to heretofore unknown clues...
|quest        = Meeting Is Also Parting
|quest_type   = Archon
|region       = Fontaine
|area         = Belleau Region
|subarea      = West Slopes of Mont Automnequi
|domain       = 
|recLevel     = 
}}
'''Place of Secrets''' is a [[Quest Domain]] during {{Quest|Meeting Is Also Parting}}. 

==Walkthrough==
# Once entered the domain, glide down from the platform and procreed deeper into the ruins.
# Enter the First room ([[Door of Resurrection]] will be activated once player has passed through the door frame leading into the first room) and defeat the first group of enemies.
# Proceed deeper.
# Once player has proceeded deep enough, The floor will collapse, dropping the player into the room below onto the second group of enemies, accompanied by an Exquisite Chest.
# Glide down and proceed deeper into the ruin (NOTE: If fail to glide across the contaminated water, the player will get resetted and teleported back onto the previous platform.)
# Proceed deeper, and a dialog cutscene will activate.
# Keep moving when cutscene is completed
# Climb around the contaminated water
# Open the door and proceed into the main room and proceed deeper
# Cross the collapsing bridge and once the player has made it halfway, a cutscene will activate.
# Open the door and proceed into the first chamber and defeat the third group of enemies (This step can be skipped by walking around the hilichurl)
# Proceed higher into the chamber crossing another collapsing path.
# Open door and enter the next chamber and defeat the fourth group of enemies.
# Proceed higher once more, cross the callapsing path to go higher, There will be an Exquisite Chest at the top of the platform.
# Open the door and defeat the final group of enemies
# Start the mechanism and ride the water droplet
# Proceed into the building and a cutscene will trigger.
# Finishing the cutscene will conclude the domain, a precious chest will spawn along with a domain exit.

==Chests==
As progression through the domain is one-way and cannot be backtracked, chests should be opened when encountered.
<!--* Common Chest &times;2-->
* Exquisite Chest &times;2
* Precious Chest &times;1
* Precious Chest x1

==Enemies==
* Group 1 {{Enemy List|Hilichurl*2;Electro Hilichurl Shooter;Anemo Hilichurl Rogue}}
* Group 2 {{Enemy List|Hilichurl*2}}
** There is an [[Exquisite Chest]] guarded here
* Group 3 {{Enemy List|Anemo Hilichurl Rogue}}
** This can be bypassed by climbing around the building instead of going through the door
* Group 4 {{Enemy List|Blazing Axe Mitachurl*2;Crackling Axe Mitachurl}}
** This can also be bypassed by climbing around the building instead of going through the door
** There is another Exquisite Chest prior the door to the next group of enemies
* Group 5 {{Enemy List|Anemo Hilichurl Rogue;Hydro Hilichurl Rogue;Ruin Guard}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=domain}}
<!--
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = 
|caption1 = 
}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Place of Secrets
|zhs     = 隐秘之所
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 隱秘之所
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 隠されし場所
|ja_rm   = Kakusareshi Basho
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 숨겨진 장소
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Lugar secreto
|es_tl   = Secret Place
|fr      = Place des secrets
|fr_tl   = Place of Secrets
|ru      = Скрытая земля
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สถานที่ลึกลับ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nơi Bí Ẩn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verborgener Ort
|de_tl   = Hidden Place
|id      = Tempat Tersembunyi
|id_tl   = Hidden Place
|pt      = Lugar de Segredos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sırlar Bölgesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Luogo dei segreti
|it_tl   = Place of Secrets
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}