{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Plane of Euthymia.png
|type         = Lore
|region       = Inazuma
}}
The '''Plane of Euthymia''' is the world inside [[Ei]]'s mind, the embodiment of her consciousness after she discarded her physical form around 400 years ago.<ref name="TSP">{{Ref/Quest|The Servant's Path}}</ref>

==Accessed During==
The Plane of Euthymia is accessed during the following quests:
{{Quest|Amidst Stormy Judgment;The Omnipresent God;The Lonesome Euthymia|display=bullet}}

==Lore==
In the past, [[Yae Miko]] taught Ei how to place her consciousness into objects.<ref name="TOG">{{Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God}}</ref> This technique allowed Ei to create the Plane of Euthymia, her inner world<ref name="TSP" /> which she placed within the blade [[Musou Isshin]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|Raiden Shogun|2}}</ref>

The Plane of Euthymia is part of Ei's plan to achieve eternity for herself. Over 400 years ago,<ref group="Note">According to Wanderer's [[Wanderer/Lore#Character Story 2|Character Story 2]], Ei entered the Plane of Euthymia the same year that the [[Tatarasuna Mystery]] occurred. In the {{Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}, [[Sawada]] found government records which showed that the people involved in the Tatarasuna Mystery lived over 400 years ago.</ref> she successfully created [[the Shogun]], an identical puppet whose body would not succumb to death or old age, and left this puppet in charge of pursuing Inazuma's eternity. Ei herself secluded to the Plane of Euthymia, a space which reflects her inner world, to meditate and prevent the erosion of her spirit.<ref name="TSP"/> Ei can still monitor the outside world from within the Plane of Euthymia, and can assume control over the puppet's body at will.<ref name="CL" />

===Present Day===
In the past few hundred years since entering the Plane of Euthymia, Ei neither permits anyone to enter the Plane of Euthymia nor leaves the Plane to check on Inazuma.<ref name="CL" /> Because she only cares about affairs which directly pertain to eternity, she pays no attention to everyday life in Inazuma, and despite understanding the circumstances behind the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], deems this irrelevant to eternity and tacitly approves it.<ref name="TOG"/>

This state of affairs is finally broken during the {{Quest|Amidst Stormy Judgment}}, after the Traveler interrupts the Vision Hunt Ceremony. The Traveler's ability to use the elements without a [[Vision]] marks them as an exception and thus an "enemy of Eternity," causing them to be brought into the Plane of Euthymia for Ei to personally judge their strength. The Traveler's consciousness leaves the Plane after their defeat, but the fact that they met Ei at all piques Yae's interest.<ref name="CL" />

Traveler returns to the Plane of Euthymia during the {{Quest|The Omnipresent God}}, allowing Yae to enter using her connection to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine Omamori]] that she gave them beforehand. They show Ei the light of the Visions inlaid in the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage|quote='''Yae Miko:''' If you can get the Raiden Shogun to "open her heart" to you once more before the Statue of the Omnipresent God, you will have the opportunity you need...}}</ref> which, combined with her defeat at the Traveler's hands, finally shakes her will and convinces her of the potential within human wills and dreams.

After the Inazuma Archon Quests, Ei turns off many of the Shogun's functions as she deliberates their future course of action in their pursuit of Eternity and declares that the Raiden Shogun is resting. The Traveler and Paimon visit the Shogun to investigate some concerns held by the people of Inazuma, and after receiving less-than-helpful replies from the Shogun, Ei brings them into the Plane of Euthymia. There, the two convince Ei to take a personal tour of Inazuma, leading her to visit Inazuma for the first time in over 400 years.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Lonesome Euthymia}}</ref> Afterwards, Ei starts involving herself more with Inazuma's affairs and assumes control over the Shogun's body more often &mdash; which then leads her to conflict with the Shogun, who judges that Ei may have succumbed to [[erosion]].<ref name="FttP">{{Ref/Quest|Farewell to the Past}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* The English localization of the [[Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto Materials]]' descriptions refer to [[Makoto|Raiden Makoto]]'s [[realm of consciousness]] as the "Plane of Euthymia," but it is fundamentally different from Ei's Plane of Euthymia<ref name="CL">{{Ref/Quest|Cleansing Light}}</ref><ref name="RS">{{Ref/Quest|Radiant Sakura}}</ref> and is never referred to as a "Plane of Euthymia" during the quests which involve it. Not even Yae Miko fully understands what realms of consciousness are, only that the nature of the space is different from those created by the technique of storing consciousness inside an object.<ref name="RS" />
** In the original Chinese text, the text corresponding to "Plane of Euthymia" in the materials is simply {{Zh|净土|rm=Jìngtǔ|tl=Pure Land,}} whereas Ei's Plane of Euthymia is almost always referred to as the proper noun {{Zh|「一心净土」|rm=Yīxīn Jìngtǔ|tl=Pure Land of One Mind.}}

===Etymology===
* The original Chinese name refers to the Sino-Japanese concept of {{Lang|"one mind"|zh=一心|zh_rm=yīxīn|ja=一心|ja_rm=isshin|sort=zh,ja}}, also translated as "wholeheartedly," which is also referred to in several other terms related to the Raiden Shoguns, including Musou Isshin and the [[Raiden Gokaden]]'s [[Isshin Art]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Plane of Euthymia
|zhs     = 一心净土
|zhs_rm  = Yīxīn Jìngtǔ
|zht     = 一心淨土
|zht_rm  = Yīxīn Jìngtǔ
|zh_tl   = Pure Land of One Mind{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja      = 一心浄土
|ja_rm   = Isshin Joudo
|ja_tl   = {{w|Pure Land}} of One Mind
|ko      = {{tt|일심정토|一心淨土}}
|ko_rm   = Ilsim-jeongto
|ko_tl   = Pure Land of One Mind{{Sino|ko|ja}}
|es      = Plano de la eutimia
|es_tl   = Plane of Euthymia
|fr      = Plan euthymique
|fr_tl   = Euthymic Plane
|ru      = Царство эвтюмии
|ru_tl   = Realm of Euthymia
|th      = ดินแดนแห่งใจที่บริสุทธิ์
|th_rm   = Din-daen haeng Chai thi Bo-ri-sut
|th_tl   = Land of Pure Mind
|vi      = {{tt|Nhất Tâm Tịnh Thổ|一心浄土}}
|vi_tl   = Pure Land of One Mind{{Sino|vi|ja}}
|de      = Utopische Gefilde
|de_tl   = Utopian Fields
|id      = Plane of Euthymia
|pt      = Plano da Eutimia
|pt_tl   = Plane of Euthymia
|tr      = Zihnin Dinlenme Yeri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Piano dell'eutimia
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|type=terminology}}

[[es:Plano de la eutimia]]
[[ja:一心浄土]]
[[vi:Nhất Tâm Tịnh Thổ]]