{{Constellation Infobox
|image       = Constellation Plasma Eruption.png
|description = [[Lightning Rose]] now unleashes 1-3 lightning bolts when it attacks.
|level       = 4
|character   = Lisa
}}
'''Plasma Eruption''' is [[Lisa]]'s Level 4 [[Constellation]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* If there is only 1 enemy within the radius, Lightning Rose may only produce 1 discharge at a time to the enemy.
* If there are only 2 enemies within the radius, Lightning Rose may produce 1 or 2 discharges in total at a time. For each instance, there is a ~17.5% chance for it to produce 1 discharge and a ~82.5% chance to produce 2 discharges.
* If there are 3 or more enemies within the radius, Lightning Rose may produce 1, 2, or 3 discharges in total at a time. This scenario carries two sets of randomizations: One that randomizes between shooting 1 or 2 Discharges, following a 50% and 50% occurrence rate, and the other randomizing between 1, 2, and 3 Discharges, following a 25%, 50%, and 25% occurrence rate, respective to the number of Discharges.
** The first Arc released from a Lightning Rose will never release 3 Discharges, rather it will either release 1 or 2 Discharges, with a 50:50 rate.
** After the first Arc, following Arcs will follow either releasing 1 (25%), 2 (50%), or 3 Discharges (25%).
** However, if an Arc ever releases 3 Discharges, the subsequent Arc will release 1 or 2 Discharges, with the 50:50 ratio as described prior.
** Overall, the average distribution between all occurrences within 3 or 3+ Entities is around 30% of Arcs releasing 1 Discharge, 50% releasing 2 Discharges, and 20% releasing 3 Discharges.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Plasma Eruption
|zhs     = 如雨的电浆
|zhs_rm  = Rú yǔ de diànjiāng
|zht     = 如雨的電漿
|zht_rm  = Rú yǔ de diànjiāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 雨の如くプラズマ
|ja_rm   = Ame no Gotoku Purazuma
|ja_tl   = Rain-Like Plasma
|ko      = 비처럼 내리는 플라즈마
|ko_tl   = Rain-Like Plasma
|es      = Erupción de plasma
|es_tl   = Plasma Eruption
|fr      = Éruption de plasma
|fr_tl   = Plasma Eruption
|ru      = Извержение плазмы
|ru_tl   = Plasma Eruption
|th      = Plasma Eruption
|vi      = Dòng Điện Như Mưa
|vi_tl   = Rain-Like Electricity
|de      = Plasmaregen
|de_tl   = Plasma Rain
|id      = Plasma Eruption
|pt      = Erupção de Plasma
|pt_tl   = Plasma Eruption
|tr      = Plazma Patlaması
|tr_tl   = Plasma Eruption
|it      = Eruzione plasmatica
|it_tl   = Plasmatic Eruption
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Lisa}}

[[fr:Éruption de plasma]]
[[ja:雨の如くプラズマ]]
[[pt-br:Erupção de Plasma]]
[[ru:Извержение плазмы]]
[[th:Plasma Eruption]]
[[uk:Виверження плазми]]
[[vi:Dòng Điện Như Mưa]]