{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15027
|image         = Story Quest Please great shaman.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = Memories Flowing With Color
|act           = The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors
|actNum        = III
|character     = Citlali
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Allier; Atihk; Aywastin; Badru; Besuci; Biram; Caholom; Chogan; Citlali; Etchemin; Grudoc; Montluson; Paimon; Tlapo; Traveler
|startLocation = [["Masters of the Night-Wind"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tezcatepetonco Range
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = A Commission Catches You in Natlan
|next          = Seven-Hued Ruins
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*425;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Please, great shaman!''''' is the second quest in {{Quest|The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors}}.

==Steps==
# Accompany Citlali for the investigation
# Go to the Obsidian Altar
# Talk to Citlali
# Talk to Biram
# Ask the priests for information
# Meet up with Montluson and the others
# Find a member from the shaman family
# Go together with Citlali

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After you sincerely beseech her, Citlali finally agrees to help. But to your surprise, Granny Itztli's name does not merely bring with it assistance...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Masters of the Night Wind)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You don't seem super invested in this whole thing, Citlali...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Battle of Seven Colors is something I've only ever heard about. I know as much as anyone else in my tribe.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But how? Weren't you alive when it happened?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I wasn't there when it took place, and she never told me about it &mdash; that's how.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, Montluson said the two of you were close friends. The battle was legendary! Why wouldn't Huitzilin tell you about it?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Close friends? More like archrivals &mdash; something Montluson would know if he actually did his research.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Did you see the graffiti outside my house? That's not my doing.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' All students from Huitzilin's school of shamanism must pass an extremely difficult trial before graduation &mdash; defeating me in battle.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Those graffiti drawings are how they challenge me.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, what?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Of course, none of them ever succeeded.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So, after Huitzilin's death, her students had no choice but to modify the requirement. Instead of defeating me, all they have to do now is last long enough.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, that sounds like a necessary change...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' As my rival, Huitzilin only had one achievement that surpassed my own, and that was the Battle of Seven Colors. I can only assume she had some kind of secret technique at her disposal.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It makes perfect sense that she kept it from me. I'm a fast learner &mdash; telling me about the technique is no different than handing it to me on a silver platter. As if she would give away her one advantage...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that makes sense.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, all of that is secondary. Like I said, I'm only here to help you fulfill your duty.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So, Citlali is doing all this... for me?)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' D&mdash;Don't misunderstand... This duty is important for my tribe, too. A great shaman should do her part to see it done.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (A great shaman should also be bit more... organized at home.)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Excuse you, I fail to see what housekeeping has to do with my duty as a shaman...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Why is it that you're the one whose thoughts are exposed, but I'm still the one suffering...? I need to get to the bottom of this.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pfff...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Excuse me, great shaman, but we have a situation over here. We could really use your help!
:{{DIcon}} Please, great shaman!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Okay, okay...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 atihk 01.ogg}} '''Atihk:''' Of course the Battle of Seven Colors happened! The woven scroll proves it! Huitzilin used a mysterious color to construct a maze and trap the enemies inside!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 badru 01.ogg}} '''Badru:''' That's just your interpretation. There's more than one way to understand that scroll. Besides, constructing a maze out of a color? It's ridiculous!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 atihk 02.ogg}} '''Atihk:''' Huitzilin was one of the most powerful shamans of her time. She definitely could have pulled it off!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 badru 02.ogg}} '''Badru:''' That's the biggest problem! She had students &mdash; why not pass it down?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 badru 03.ogg}} '''Badru:''' A technique that powerful, and no shaman since has ever used it?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 atihk 03.ogg}} '''Atihk:''' Her students are keeping it a secret, of course! If you knew a technique like that, you'd be a fool to show it to just anyone!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 badru 04.ogg}} '''Badru:''' Hmph!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 atihk 04.ogg}} '''Atihk:''' Hmph!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' I didn't mean to cause an argument. I just wanted to ask... Is there anything we can use to prove the battle took place?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 atihk 05.ogg}} '''Atihk:''' Of course it took place! Why would you need to prove it?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 badru 05.ogg}} '''Badru:''' You'll have to excuse him. Some people in our tribe insist on clinging to outdated views of history. I'd give up now if I were you &mdash; it only gets more ridiculous from here.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 allier 02.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Please don't fight...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so the battle really is controversial...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Am I the outdated one? Kids these days can't find anything better to argue about?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' These arguments are precisely why I hesitate to include this story in my collection.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 montluson 03.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Neither side was able to offer anything useful... What should we do?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huitzilin was a passionate teacher... We were opposites in that sense. The technique she used in the battle must have been her masterpiece. There's every reason to pass it on.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Still, if the technique is powerful enough to single-handedly stop an invasion, it also makes sense that her disciples would keep it a secret.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We should check with the students from her school. If we can confirm the technique exists, we can deduce certain things about the battle.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 montluson 04.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' But, as far as I know, most of the shamans from her school occupy high positions in the tribe &mdash; not the type of people outsiders like us can speak to on a whim...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ah, right, the [[Obsidian Altar]] is off limits to you. But, uh, if I go...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there a problem?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Most of Huitzilin's students are respected priests in the tribe. But, that means they had to go through me... or try, at least. I, of course, humiliated them from a young age.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Those who hold the position now are the ones who lasted long enough before I wiped the floor with them.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' If I show up without warning, they'll run for dear life... That's not gonna get us any answers.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon can see it now...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Run for dear life? It's like Citlali's some kind of tyrant...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, don't jump to conclusions! That was just a metaphor!
:{{DIcon}} I'll make sure they don't run away.
:{{DIcon}} Who better to fend off a "tyrant" than a hero of Natlan?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Heh, only you have the guts to joke like that with me, {{Traveler}}... Fine. I said I'd help, so I'll help. But, don't blame me if it goes wrong.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! The rest of you can wait for us here!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 7 montluson 05.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' We appreciate the help!

;(Talk to Montluson, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Miss Citlali seems rather... reluctant to help. Maybe you could talk to her a bit more. I'll reward you for the trouble.

;(Talk to Grudoc, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 grudoc 01.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' Got a problem? Like I said, take it up with my employer.

;(Talk to Allier, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Natlan's history is full of intriguing mysteries. It's too bad I can't talk to those priests myself...
----
;(Approach the Obsidian Totem)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, are you in the middle of a ceremony?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 01.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Granny Itztli!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 aywastin 01.ogg}} '''Aywastin:''' Wh&mdash;What is she doing here?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 besuci 01.ogg}} '''Besuci:''' Did some coward not show up after challenging her to a fight?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 chogan 01.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' Or... is she here to officially take over the tribe?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's like they really do see her as some kind of tyrant.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 02.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' No matter what, we'll defend our dignity as priests to the end!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You talk a big game for someone who lost to me the most out of the entire priesthood.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 03.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' I...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' All I want is to ask some questions...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 aywastin 02.ogg}} '''Aywastin:''' So, you're here to... interrogate us?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 besuci 02.ogg}} '''Besuci:''' Someone didn't sit pretty for their beating, is that it? You want their name, don't you?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 chogan 02.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' We should just run!
:{{DIcon}} Don't be afraid.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! With the hero of Natlan here, Granny Itztli will be on her... best behavior!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sure, whatever you say.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 04b.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Oh, it's {{Traveler}} and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} companion... That does make me feel better. How can we help you?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We wanted to ask about the technique you inherited from Huitzilin...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 aywastin 03.ogg}} '''Aywastin:''' Heh, so you can eradicate our school once and for all?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 besuci 03.ogg}} '''Besuci:''' Disciples of our school have challenged her year after year, just as our master instructed. Sounds like she's finally had enough...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, you're not wrong...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 chogan 03.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' If we want to protect our legacy, one of us needs to run!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not this again... Just how much did you traumatize them, Citlali?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (She beat them in a duel. So what? There's no reason to be this terrified. Citlali is someone worthy of love and respect.)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey! You can't just... say whatever you want just because it's in your head.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm Granny Itztli &mdash; a mere mention of my name, and kids burst into tears. Love and respect? Heh, no one has the guts for that.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Well, I do.)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wh&mdash; You know what, forget about your duty. We really need to fix this mind-reading situation!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 05.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Sorry to disappoint, but if you're here to question whether we're qualified to inherit our master's legacy, we... we're not going down without a fight!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're not getting anywhere... What should we do, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Let me think...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 claw 01.ogg}} '''Elder Tlapo:''' !
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh? Oh, it's you...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 06.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Elder Tlapo... We must have disturbed your meditation. Our deepest apologies. Please, forgive us.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 claw 02.ogg}} '''Elder Tlapo:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 aywastin 04.ogg}} '''Aywastin:''' Did... Did Elder Tlapo just issue a declaration?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 besuci 04.ogg}} '''Besuci:''' From what I can tell... In a single word, the message was "friend"?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 chogan 04.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' Is Elder Tlapo telling us to... treat Granny Itztli as a friend?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 07.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' ...That's not possible, is it?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 biram 01.ogg}} '''Biram:''' Oh, you forget yourselves, my friends. You are esteemed priests of our tribe. Where are your manners?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 caholom 08.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Chief...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 biram 02.ogg}} '''Biram:''' I didn't expect to see you here, Great Shaman. My sincere apologies for the lack of hospitality.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Well, I wasn't exactly planning to come to this crowded place, so you can save the pleasantries, Chief. I'd rather get this over with.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 biram 03.ogg}} '''Biram:''' Understood... Now, as successors of Huitzilin, I understand your friction with Granny Itztli.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 biram 04.ogg}} '''Biram:''' However, Elder Tlapo's declarations have always showed us the correct path. You would do well to respect his counsel.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 biram 05.ogg}} '''Biram:''' So, mind your manners and allow Granny Itztli to ask her questions.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Good thing Elder Tlapo and Chief Biram are on our side.

;(Talk to Caholom, Aywastin, Besuci or Chogan, optional)<!--May appear only after the following dialogue [Talk to Citlali] (confirmed), but makes sense to be here. it appears before Talk to Citlali, same with Talk to Biram, optional so that one has been moved below-->
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 caholom 01.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Why does Granny Itztli want to question us all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 aywastin 01.ogg}} '''Aywastin:''' Should we plan our answers in advance?
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 besuci 01.ogg}} '''Besuci:''' That brutal "graduation exam"... It's all coming back to me...
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 chogan 01.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' You heard the Chief... There's no running away.

;(Talk to Biram, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 biram 01.ogg}} '''Biram:''' If you run into any more problems, I'm always willing to help.

;(Talk to Citlali or Elder Tlapo)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there, Elder Tlapo!
:{{DIcon}} It's been a while.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 claw 01.ogg}} '''Elder Tlapo:''' !
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, he seems pretty happy to see us!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He's the one who put you in charge of the scroll, right?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Elder Tlapo appointed us to the task!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Elder Tlapo, huh... He's still "Claw" to me.
:;(Tlapo moves to Citlali's side, sits to bring his head down to her level and affectionately nuzzles her)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 claw 02.ogg}} '''Elder Tlapo:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, don't pull that cutesy stuff with me. You're an Iktomisaur Elder now. You occupy an eminent and important position within the tribe.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 claw 03.ogg}} '''Elder Tlapo:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you already know each other?
:;(Citlali briefly holds her hand up to her shoulder height)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Claw was only this big when we first met. He was Huitzilin's saurian companion back then. She kept dragging him to my place, so, over time, we got to know each other.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you and Huitzilin were close.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' She only came to my place to fight me. But, at the same time, she always claimed to be my friend. She was the only one who dared to try, at least.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Well, you've lived a long time! You've probably made a bunch of friends over the years, right?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The more time you have... the more friends you lose.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, um...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, let's get back to business. I hate talking about the past.
:;(Citlali moves to leave the cave but Tlapo quickly steps in front of her path)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 claw 04.ogg}} '''Elder Tlapo:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Two hundred years, and you still haven't given up, Claw?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 claw 05.ogg}} '''Elder Tlapo:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 9 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I still haven't made up my mind, so you should head back... {{Traveler}}, Paimon &mdash; let's go.

;(Talk to Biram)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, Chief Biram!
:{{DIcon}} Hello, Biram.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, wait, we haven't reached out since the last time we failed the task, huh...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 01.ogg}} '''Biram:''' Haha, I'm just grateful you haven't forgotten that duty.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, we have good news! We found another clue.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 02.ogg}} '''Biram:''' I'm all ears.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's the Battle of Seven Colors!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 03.ogg}} '''Biram:''' Huitzilin's claim to fame? That sounds promising... But, the battle took place hundreds of years ago. An investigation is bound to be difficult.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True, but Granny Itztli promised to help!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 04.ogg}} '''Biram:''' Is that so? I've tried seeking her help in the past, but I never managed to coax her out. You should cherish this opportunity.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, don't complain &mdash; none of the previous chiefs succeeded, either.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 05.ogg}} '''Biram:''' Ah, forgive me &mdash; that wasn't my intention. It was a comment on my own failings.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 02b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' Paimon said you've been trying to figure out how to weave the special scroll?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 06.ogg}} '''Biram:''' It is my duty, great shaman.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Why bother? The scrolls always end up completed on time, so what's the point of figuring it out for yourself?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 07.ogg}} '''Biram:''' If I may, this task concerns the history of Natlan as a whole, and in many ways, history is the memory of a people.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 08.ogg}} '''Biram:''' Memory is sacred to our tribe. I'm sure a great shaman understands that better than a humble junior like myself. Something this important cannot be left to baseless rumors.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 09.ogg}} '''Biram:''' I know you don't concern yourself with the daily affairs of the tribe, Granny Itztli. Even so, as a priestess, I trust you wouldn't leave something like that to chance.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I get your point...
:{{DIcon}} Something on your mind, Citlali?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Of course, the one time I wish you could read my mind, it doesn't work...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The chief referred to himself as a "humble junior." Maybe Citlali's worried she looks old?)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No, that's not it!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's not important... Rest assured, Biram, with my help, {{Traveler}} and Paimon will definitely be able to complete the task.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 10 biram 10.ogg}} '''Biram:''' You have my thanks, then.

;(Talk to the priests)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 01.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 02.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' So, are you here to test whether we're qualified to inherit Master Huitzilin's legacy?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You've already been tested, haven't you? Frankly speaking, I don't think any of you are qualified.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, that's not why I'm here. All you need to do is be good and answer my questions.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 03.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Fine... Ask away.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You've heard of the Battle of Seven Colors, right?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 04.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Of course! It's our master's claim to fame, an immortal legend inscribed in the very history of our tribe!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Then, I'm sure you know there are those who question whether it actually occurred.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 aywastin 01.ogg}} '''Aywastin:''' I did hear people arguing about that the other day...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 besuci 01.ogg}} '''Besuci:''' It's disgraceful! How can they question something like that?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 chogan 01.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' It doesn't surprise me. Natlan has had more tourism lately. A lot of people have started getting strange ideas after interacting with outlanders.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 chogan 02.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' After all, everyone who took part in the battle has returned to the Ley Lines. Without witnesses, it's hard to refute detractors.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, it just so happens... the questions I want to ask are directly related to the legitimacy of this battle.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 05.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Listen... We know you were rivals, but do you really have to question her legacy?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You think she's like you &mdash; someone who can't survive a little scrutiny?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 06.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' No, of course not!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Then, let me finish. During the battle, Huitzilin most likely used a technique powerful enough to turn the tides of war. I'm sure she was very proud of it.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Proud enough to pass it on to her disciples. So, which one of you inherited that technique?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 07.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Uh... I don't think any of us have heard of it.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Listen, I'm not trying to take it for myself, so be honest! With or without it, I can wipe the floor with any of you.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 08.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Yeah, no objections there... But, I'm telling the truth! None of us have ever heard of that technique.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Tch, what's wrong with her? Why would she let it go extinct?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 09.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Master's body of work is massive. No one student could hope to learn all her techniques... Mastering just a few already takes a lot of effort.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 10.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Master had no choice but to recruit many students, split up what she knew into different portions, and pass it down through various individuals.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 11.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' So, even though we see ourselves as representatives of Huitzilin's school of shamanism, what we know isn't the sum of her legacy.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 12.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Actually, I know of a shaman family that inherited some of master's techniques. The family fell on hard times and lost the right to the priesthood. Still, could be worth a shot...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, if they inherited Huitzilin's secret technique, shouldn't the family be thriving?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 13.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' Well, it's the only thing I can think of...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Alright. Give me their address.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 caholom 14.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' I'll mark it out on your map.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' To be honest, I'm not optimistic about the future of this investigation.
:{{DIcon}} You're really giving it your all, though.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 11 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's because the request came from you. You don't know the power of your own words, do you?

;(Talk to Caholom, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 caholom 02.ogg}} '''Caholom:''' I hope Granny Itztli's satisfied with the information we provided...

;(Talk to Aywastin, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 aywastin 02.ogg}} '''Aywastin:''' So... was that an interrogation?

;(Talk to Besuci, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 besuci 02.ogg}} '''Besuci:''' That poor coward... I should go find him and convince him to accept his fate.

;(Talk to Chogan, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq004 chogan 02.ogg}} '''Chogan:''' Ah... You scared me. I was just about to run some errands. If you have questions, feel free to ask the other priests.
----
;(Approach Montluson)
:{{Black Screen|You recount everything you learned to Montluson and the others.}}
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Proving the legitimacy of this battle seems more hopeless by the second.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Nothing we can do about that.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' ...Well, even if our investigation ultimately proves the legend to be false, that's still a worthwhile result.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 montluson 03.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Although I'm here for business purposes, I have a personal interest in this as well. I'm drawn to matters of historical truth.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' That's exactly why I chose to follow you, Monsieur Montluson!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Listen, I'm just updating you on the situation, not asking for your opinion. I don't really care whether you continue your investigation.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 montluson 04.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Um...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' {{Traveler}}, you came to me for help with your scroll-weaving duty, right?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You thought looking into the Battle of Seven Colors could give you answers &mdash; that's understandable. But, based on our progress, I'd say this is a dead-end.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Instead of wasting time, you might consider taking a different approach. I'll try to think of another way to help you.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 montluson 05.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Respected {{Traveler}}, let's not forget about the compensation I promised! You shall have it in full &mdash; extra, if that's what it takes!
:{{DIcon}} I think this investigation...
:{{DIcon}} Could help you, too, Citlali.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What makes you say that?
:{{DIcon}} Because it has to do with Huitzilin's past.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, based on what you've told us so far, it kinda seems like there's unresolved tension between you two.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Y&mdash;You... think so?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She claimed to be your friend, but picked fights with you nonstop... and never told you about her biggest accomplishment.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By figuring out the truth behind the battle, maybe we can finally help you get closure!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Closure? I'd say we're two hundred years too late... But, fine. If you want to keep investigating, be my guest.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 montluson 06.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Ah, that's wonderful news!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's go visit the shaman family!

;(Approach Etchemin)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! Are you Etchemin?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 01.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Yep, that's me... Huh? Granny Itztli!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Get up... In a crowded market like this, the only person who should be trying to hide is me.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 02.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' M&mdash;My apologies... Ever since my grandfather's generation, the shamans of my family have given up on passing your trial, Granny Itztli. Have we... offended you in some other capacity?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Man, this is generational trauma at this point...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 03.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Whenever I misbehaved as a kid, Grandpa would tell me about the thrashing he received from Granny Itztli. I still get nightmares about it sometimes...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I wonder what Citlali looks like in those nightmares...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, don't get any funny ideas! This was your idea, remember? Keep asking your questions. I'm going to find somewhere quiet to wait.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so, your family studied under Huitzilin, right?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 04.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Yes, although that pretty much ended with my grandfather's generation, unfortunately.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 05.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' The techniques my family learned from Huitzilin didn't have much practical use in terms of tribal affairs, so during my grandfather's time, we quit the priesthood.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 06.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Turns out, shaman techniques aren't that useful outside the priesthood, either. So, over time, we abandoned them altogether...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 07.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Of course, it's possible that we were just too foolish to understand the true power of those teachings...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 08.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' After all, Huitzilin was a genius. None of her students have been able to fully reproduce her talent.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you know which techniques were passed on to your family?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 09.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' I'm not sure... As a kid, I remember hearing my grandfather talk about them, but it's not like I can use them myself.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just think about it for a sec... Do you remember anything about a technique that can decide the outcome of a battle?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 10.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Decide the outcome of a battle? No, I don't remember anything like that.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 11.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Besides, my family wasn't really known for our talent. If a technique like that exists, I doubt Huitzilin would pass it on to us.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 12.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' You might have better luck asking one of the priests. They're descendants of Huitzilin's most gifted students.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, looks like we're back where we started.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Still no definitive evidence the Battle of Seven Colors took place... Allier, do you think we have enough to draw a conclusion?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' All we have are non-witness accounts. We could put together an interview, but that's not going to hold up in academic circles.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Then, we have to keep going...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 13.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Oh, you're investigating the Battle of Seven Colors?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You know about it?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 14.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Not a lot, but there's something special about my family &mdash; in addition to shaman techniques, Huitzilin's stories were passed down to us as well.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 15.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Say what you want about my ancestors' dedication to shamanism, but they definitely paid attention to those stories.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 16.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' And of course, the Battle of Seven Colors is the most exciting story of them all.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 03.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' We don't need another story, we need something concrete! Does no one in your tribe understand that?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 17.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' I'm not sure if this is helpful, but the story passed down in my family is a little different from the one told in the tribe.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really?
:{{DIcon}} How so?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 18.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Well, it's Huitzilin's personal account of the events, so it's a lot more detailed.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 19.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' For example, in the version I heard, the battle took place in a location known as "Chicomostoc Cave."
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 04.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' That means you can tell us where to find it! Have you ever been to this place?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 20.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Unfortunately not...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 allier 02.ogg}} '''Allier:''' I studied maps of Natlan before we left, Monsieur Montluson. I don't remember ever seeing such a name...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 05.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Hmm... Could your ancestors be mistaken, Mr. Etchemin?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 21.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' It's unlikely. My family may have let the shamanism side of things fall by the wayside, but we're serious about these stories.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 22.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' In the words of my grandfather... Some things deserve to be passed down more than secret arts.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 06.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' If Huitzilin's version of events differs so much from the general understanding, that makes it even more likely the battle is completely made-up...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... That's disappointing.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hold on, you mentioned Chicomostoc Cave?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 23.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Oh, um, yes. Can I... clear something up for you?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's been more than two hundred years... I never thought I'd hear that name again.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean?
:;(Citlali cocks her head towards the others, and the Traveler follows her back to Montluson and Allier.)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That location is now known as The Valley of Fog. Chicomostoc Cave is what it was called two hundred years ago.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 allier 03.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Precisely when Huitzilin was alive! That means... Monsieur Montluson, we can confirm the original site of the battle!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 allier 04.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Once we get there, the evidence we need should be at our fingertips...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 07.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Haha... Just when we thought all hope was lost! I never doubted you, Great Shaman. Allow me to present you with a gift as thanks!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Save it... Flattery won't get you anywhere with me.
:{{DIcon}} Just accept the gift, Citlali.
:{{DIcon}} You've earned it.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Mr. Montluson works in publishing! You're a huge fan of light novels, right Citlali? Maybe he could get you some that are out of print?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 08.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Out of print, huh... Sure! Do you have any in mind?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, if we're talking collectibles, then the first edition of "[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]" is a must.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's the first major hit of the isekai genre. Several editions have gone to print, but copies of the first edition are exceedingly rare and valuable.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 09.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' I see...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' There's also its sister work, "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]". It was Yae Publishing House's attempt at gauging the new market trends.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It opened the door to a new genre after readers grew tired of isekais. The sales speak for themselves.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Actually, Yae Publishing House released a limited edition not too long ago, but it's almost impossible to get. Anyway... I'll take those two.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 10.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Sorry, I'm not sure I caught all that... What were the titles again? Reborn as... Kitsune Guuji?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah! These two titles are among the most successful and well-known works in the entire industry. You're telling me, as someone who works in publishing, you've never heard of them?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 11.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' ...I'm a merchant from Fontaine, after all. Regarding this particular genre from Inazuma, I'm afraid I lack your level of expertise.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah... Amateur.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 12.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Um...
:{{DIcon}} Just leave the books to me.
:{{DIcon}} Don't forget about our pay, though.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 13.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Of course &mdash; sounds like a perfect arrangement! Now, there's no time to waste. We should head to the site of the battle right away.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 allier 05.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Once we get there, it'll take a bit more work to determine the actual location. Right now, all we have is a general idea.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 14.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Well, I'm sure Miss Citlali can help us with that!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Have you even looked at the time? It's already evening, and I have important plans tonight. You expect me to work through the night?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 15.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Um, well... What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Let's break for the day and meet back up tomorrow.
:{{DIcon}} The battlefield's not going anywhere.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 16.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Okay, we'll find a place to rest for the night. When should we meet tomorrow?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's persistent, huh...
:{{DIcon}} What do you think, Citlali?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmm... How about noon?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 17.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Do we have to wait that long?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Great shamans have important matters to attend to in the morning.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (My guess is that she just wants to sleep in...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Th&mdash;That's only because I have important tasks to complete at night!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 montluson 18.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Alright, as Miss Citlali instructed... Let's meet back up tomorrow at noon. We'll be waiting at the exit of the tribal settlement.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 24.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Sorry, I just wanted to ask... Is Granny Itztli satisfied with my answer?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, of course! You really helped us out!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 25.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' Oh, good. I'm glad I didn't offend her somehow...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're really that scared of her?
:{{DIcon}} She's actually really nice.
:{{DIcon}} She's just... awkward in social situations.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 26.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' To be honest, Granny Itztli almost never interacts with ordinary tribespeople like us. Everything we know about her comes from rumors.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 etchemin 27.ogg}} '''Etchemin:''' She's a powerful shaman who's lived for over two hundred years. As a great hero, you're probably the only one who isn't intimidated by her.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, thanks for today, Citlali!
:{{DIcon}} Wanna grab a meal? My treat!
:{{DIcon}} Think of it a thank you for today.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hm, that's quite considerate of you. Alright, let's grab a few drinks, just like last time.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, didn't you say you had "important plans" tonight...?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What did you think I meant?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Does that mean you've gone drinking every night for the past two hundred years? Now, Paimon's worried about your health...
:{{DIcon}} Same place?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No, I've had enough socializing for one day... I know somewhere quiet. We can just buy some drinks and head over.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 13 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Which will also give us a chance to solve the mind-reading issue. Considering the necessary spell work, I'd rather do it in private.

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the place?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No, further up.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Further... up?

;(Approach the marker)
:{{Black Screen|Citlali leads you to a hot-air balloon.}}
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, this is like a secret base!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sometimes, I want the fresh air, but not the company, so I come here.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's see if my stash is still here... Great, the [[Halberd-Crest Bird]]s didn't eat my snacks.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Now for the mind-reading issue. Give me your hand.
:{{DIcon}} Just like last time?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It might take a little longer, actually. I just need to share my senses, make a clean break...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And... that should do it, right?
:{{DIcon}} (This really is a one-of-a-kind view. That must be why Citlali likes to come here.)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You're not wrong... Hold on! Why do I still hear you in my head?
:{{DIcon}} No idea...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Did I not separate our senses completely? Maybe using my palm isn't enough... Close your eyes!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (Please work! Please work! A great shaman should be able to handle this...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Okay, what about now?
:{{DIcon}} I think I heard something...
:{{DIcon}} It sounded like your thoughts...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh!? And now?
:{{DIcon}} It's gone.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh, whenever I try to remove the effect, it just flips direction and gets worse...
:{{DIcon}} (Was that Citlali's forehead just now? It was really warm...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That was just to help with the spell... Shoot, I still hear you...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...For a human soul, to lose the boundaries of the mind is to drown in the sea of consciousness without a concept of self...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, that sounds bad!
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I read that in a light novel. When it comes to the real world, I think it's pretty accurate...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, is Citlali drunk? She's not making much sense...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, we'll just have to leave it for now...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hearing {{Traveler}}'s thoughts isn't that bad, right? You should just tease {{MC|m=him|f=her}}! That's what Paimon would do.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's just... I'm not good at this. I'm not used to being close to people.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sorry, I said we could be friends, but I guess I'm not ready.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm used to being Granny Itztli &mdash; someone intimidating, someone people are scared to approach. I don't have to deal with people that way.
:{{DIcon}} Why live like that?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon's been wondering... Why do you insist on living so far away? You could easily become a leader of your tribe, someone everyone loves and respects...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' When you live as long as me, a person is like a flower.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The color draws you in. You water it to see it bloom. It rewards you with its fragrance...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, it doesn't last. With the passing of the seasons, everything withers away. You can try to water it, but it will never bloom again.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Even if the same plot of soil is covered in flowers the following year, the one you remember won't be there.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's just how it is &mdash; most of the people in my life will be gone one day, just like a flower.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Getting close means losing friend after friend for hundreds of years... until the weight of their memories crushes my soul.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 26.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' If people don't care about me, then I don't have to care about them. It's better if the people in my memories are nothing more than fleeting strangers.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali...
:{{DIcon}} My approach is different.
:{{DIcon}} I choose to remember everyone.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 27.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You won't live as long as me, so you don't have to worry about that.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I might have a long lifespan...
:{{DIcon}} I have some truly ancient memories...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 28.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Really?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 29.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Then, you should understand.... Nearly everyone you know will be gone one day.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq004 14 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' All the more reason to remember them.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 30.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' {{Traveler}}.
:'''{{Traveler}}''' (I have [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|a friend]] who only lives in my memories now. In fact, you could say my memories are the sole proof that she existed in this world.)
:'''{{Traveler}}''' (So, sometimes I tell myself... As long as I remember every single friend, they will never truly die.)
:'''{{Traveler}}''' (Instead, they will live on in the world of my memories.)
:'''{{Traveler}}''' (When friends create memories together, there's always something to hold on to. So, if you still need time, let me choose to remember you first.)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 31.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is something wrong?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 32.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Stupid mind-reading side-effect won't go away... It's not like I want to hear you complain about me all the time...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, she's definitely drunk... Uh, Citlali? Maybe take it easy. At this rate, you might sleep past noon tomorrow...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 33.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm not drunk... I remember everything {{Traveler}} said.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 34.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Just gotta... think of a response... I'll think... of something...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, not this again... Is she asleep?
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 35.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I... I'm fine... can... get home... by myself...
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is she talking in her sleep or talking to us? She seems kind of out of it...
:;(Having mounted Citlalin, Citlali glides away toward her home)
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 citlali 36.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Bye... Gonna walk back... alone... Need some time... to think...
:{{DIcon}} She doesn't need us to worry about her.
:{{DIcon}} She's always been like this.
:{{A|vo xtlllq004 14 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Please, great shaman!
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = Onegai, Dai-shaaman!
|ja_tl    = Please, Great Shaman!
|ko       = , 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Por favor, gran chamana!
|es_tl    = Please, Great Shaman!
|fr       = S'il vous plat, grande shamane
|fr_tl    = Please, Great Shaman
|ru       =  , !
|ru_tl    = 
|th       =  
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Lm Phin Ri, Shaman V i!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Bitte, groe Schamanin!
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Mohon Petunjuknya, Shaman Agung!
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Por Favor, Grande Xam!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Ltfen Byk aman!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Ti prego, grande sciamana!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}