<noinclude>{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Scaling
}}</noinclude>
'''Plunging Attacks''' are performed by pressing the [[Normal Attack]] button while airborne. A standard jump on a generally flat surface does not usually give enough altitude to perform a plunging attack, so additional height is needed to achieve this.

==Types of Plunging Attack DMG==
Plunging Attacks can deal DMG in three different ways:
* '''Plunge DMG:''' Dealt once every 0.3s while falling mid-air in a 1m radius around the character.
* '''Low Plunge DMG:''' Dealt when the character lands after plunging from heights lower than or equal to 2.4&nbsp;m.
* '''High Plunge DMG:''' Dealt when the character lands after plunging from heights greater than 2.4&nbsp;m. Deals greater DMG, [[Poise DMG]], and [[knockback]] than Low Plunge.

==Plunging Height==
{{See also|Area of Effect|Dragonstrike}}
Certain characters' [[Elemental Skill]]s or [[Elemental Burst]]s can give players the height needed to perform plunging attacks. Note that ''heights are approximate'' and are measured in meters. Jump heights are measured from the ground to the character's feet when at max height. Additionally, note that some characters with increased jumping abilities are not able to perform plunging attacks from just their jump.<!-- e.g. Kirara -->
{| class="fandom-table"
|+ Height-Increasing Abilities
! Character
! Ability
! Height
! Notes
|-
| [[Varesa]]
| {{Talent|By the Horns|20|nobr=1|text=Charged Attack}}
| ?
| Self or an eligible party member with [[Nightsoul Transmission]] only
|-
| [[Keqing]]
| {{Talent| Stellar Restoration|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self only<br>Requires traveling upward with the hold version
|-
| [[Kazuha]]
| {{Talent|Chihayaburu|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ~5&nbsp;m (hold)<br>4&nbsp;m (jump + tap)<br>3&nbsp;m (tap only)
| Self only
|-
| [[Wanderer]]
| {{Talent|Hanega: Song of the Wind|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Can only plunge when the Windfavored state ends
|-
| [[Alhaitham]]
| {{Talent|Universality: An Elaboration on Form|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self only<br>Requires using the hold version
|-
| [[Gaming]]
| {{Talent|Bestial Ascent|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self only<br>Requires hitting a target
|-
| [[Xianyun]]
| {{Talent|White Clouds at Dawn|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self only
|-
| [[Chiori]]
| {{Talent|Fluttering Hasode|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self or next party member only<br>Requires traveling upward with the hold version
|-
| [[Kinich]]
| {{Talent|Canopy Hunter: Riding High|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self or an eligible party member with [[Nightsoul Transmission]] only
|-
| [[Chasca]]
| {{Talent| Spirit Reins, Shadow Hunt|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self or an eligible party member with [[Nightsoul Transmission]] only
|-
| [[Lan Yan]]
| {{Talent| Swallow-Wisp Pinion Dance|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Self only<br>Requires traveling upward with the hold version
|-
| [[Xiao]]
| {{Talent|Bane of All Evil|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
|~5–6&nbsp;m
| Self only
|-
| [[Ororon]]
| {{Talent|Flowing Fog, Spritely Shadows|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ? ([[Nightsoul Transmission]])<br>? (leap, no [[Phlogiston]])<br>? (Phlogiston consumed)
| Self or an eligible party member with [[Nightsoul Transmission]] only
|-
| [[Citlali]]
| {{Talent| Smoke, Mirrors, and the Flowing Winds|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ? ([[Nightsoul Transmission]])<br>? (leap, no [[Phlogiston]])<br>? (Phlogiston consumed)
| Self or an eligible party member with [[Nightsoul Transmission]] only
|-
| [[Albedo]]
| platform from {{Talent|Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| 4–5&nbsp;m
|
|-
| [[Geo Traveler]]
| [[Geo Construct]] from {{Talent| Starfell Sword|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
|2–3&nbsp;m
|
|-
| [[Venti]]
| {{Talent| Skyward Sonnet|20|nobr=1|type=1}} with {{Talent|Embrace of Winds|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| 5–6&nbsp;m
|
|-
| [[Zhongli]]
| Geo Construct from {{Talent|Dominus Lapidis|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| 4–5&nbsp;m
|
|-
| [[Xianyun]]
| {{Talent| Stars Gather at Dusk|20|nobr=1|type=1}}
| ?
| Affects entire party
|-
|
| Geo/Cryo Samachurl pillar
| 2–3&nbsp;m (similar height to Geo Traveler's rock)
|
|-
|
| Normal character jump
| ~1&nbsp;m
|
|-
|
| [[Labyrinth Warriors| Shikifuda: Seal of Cataclysmic Wind]]
| Gives around same jump height as Xiao's Bane of Evil (~5–6&nbsp;m)
| 
|}

Characters do not need [[stamina]] to perform a plunging attack while in the air, so this can potentially save the character from [[Fall Damage]] because plunging attacks limit the amount of health that can be lost (compared to falling without plunging). For example, suppose the character runs out of stamina while [[gliding]]. In that case, the character can perform a plunging attack before hitting the ground to avoid or reduce fall damage, depending on the altitude. Note that Xiao's Plunging Attack will always nullify fall damage regardless the height.

Still, characters cannot perform plunging attacks if they transition to a free fall by running out of stamina while climbing or being interrupted while in the air (such as being hit by attacks).

Boosts to jumping height do not stack.

==Plunging Attack Modification==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Plunging Talents|shortheader=modify or grant additional effects to Plunging Attacks (besides [[Elemental Infusion]]s, which also infuse Plunging Attacks)}}

<!--
===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Plunging Constellations|shortheader=grant additional special abilities to plunges}}-->

==Plunging Attack Damage Increase==
===Talents===
====Percentage====
{{Talents by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Increase Talents&DMG Bonus Talents}}

====Flat====
{{Talents by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Increase Talents&Additive Base DMG Bonus Talents}}
<!--
====Multiplicative====
{{Talents by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Increase Talents&Base DMG Multiplier Talents}}-->

===Constellations===
====Percentage====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Increase Constellations&DMG Bonus Constellations}}
<!--
====Flat====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Increase Constellations&Additive Base DMG Bonus Constellations}}

====Multiplicative====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Increase Constellations&Base DMG Multiplier Constellations}}-->

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Bonus Passive Weapons|shortheader=modify Plunging Attack damage specifically. For weapons that boost all DMG in general, see [[Damage Bonus]]}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Plunging Attack DMG Increase Artifacts}}

==Plunging Attack Disabled==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Plunging Attack Disabled Talents|shortheader=disable Plunging Attacks}}

==Domains==
Some events and domains granted special bonuses to plunging or were centered around plunging.
* [[Peculiar Wonderland]]
* [[Contending Tides]]
* [[Energy Amplifier Initiation]]
* [[Battlefront: Misty Dungeon]], plunging trial
* Some versions of the [[Spiral Abyss]]

==Plunging AoE==
The following table documents the [[AoE]], [[poise]] damage, and [[impulse]] of plunging attacks. In general, the AoE and force of the Plunging Attack depends on the plunging height and weapon type. Mid-air refers to the Plunge damage done to targets mid-air (before hitting the ground).<ref>Community Article, Interruption Resistance, Data: [[Interruption Resistance/Data#Character Plunging Attacks|Plunging Attacks]]</ref>

{| class="wikitable sortable"
! Character !! Ability !! Poise Damage !! Impulse Level
! Radius (m)
|-
| rowspan="3" | Most Sword Characters || Plunging Attacks (Mid-Air) || 25 || 2
|1
|-
|Plunging Attacks (Low Impact) || 100 || 4
|3
|-
|Plunging Attacks (High Impact) || 150 || 7
|5
|-
| rowspan="3" | Most Claymore Characters || Plunging Attacks (Mid-Air) || 35 || 2
|1
|-
|Plunging Attacks (Low Impact) || 150 || 4
|3
|-
|Plunging Attacks (High Impact) || 200 || 7
|5
|-
| rowspan="3" | Most Polearm Characters || Plunging Attacks (Mid-Air) || 25 || 2
|1
|-
|Plunging Attacks (Low Impact) || 100 || 4
|3
|-
|Plunging Attacks (High Impact) || 150 || 7
|5
|-
| rowspan="3" | Xiao (with burst) || Plunging Attacks (Mid-Air) || 37.5 || 2
|1
|-
|Plunging Attacks (Low Impact) || 150 || 4
|4
|-
|Plunging Attacks (High Impact)|| 225 || 7
|6
|-
| rowspan="3" | Most Catalyst Characters || Plunging Attacks (Mid-Air) || 5 || 2
|1.5
|-
|Plunging Attacks (Low Impact) || 50 || 3
|3
|-
|Plunging Attacks (High Impact) || 100 || 4
|3.5
|-
| rowspan="3" | Most Bow Characters || Plunging Attacks (Mid-Air) || 10 || 2
|1
|-
|Plunging Attacks (Low Impact) || 50 || 2
|3
|-
|Plunging Attacks (High Impact) || 100 || 3
|3.5
|}

==Gameplay Notes==
* The following characters can ignore height requirements for Plunging Attacks under certain conditions:
** [[Xiao]] after using [[Lemniscatic Wind Cycling]] before landing
** [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] for 10 seconds after using [[Chihayaburu]]
** [[Alhaitham]] after using [[Universality: An Elaboration on Form]] before landing
* One can use [[Keqing]]'s [[Stellar Restoration]] and [[Alhaitham]]'s [[Universality: An Elaboration on Form]] to teleport to a high location and then perform a Plunging Attack.
* The community term {{Lang|''[[Hitlag#Dragonstrike|dragonstrike]]''|zh=登龙剑|zh_tl=Climbing-Dragon Sword}} refers to the ability of melee characters, especially tall claymore characters, to gain additional height by using the extra momentum gained by hit lag when hitting an entity to jump high enough to perform a plunging attack. The term has specifically been used to refer to Diluc performing plunging attacks and has less commonly been called the ''Xiaoluc'' (a portmanteau of Xiao and Diluc).
* The community term ''footstooling'' is a different method from dragonstriking and involves the character jumping on an entity whose hitbox, upon collision, will allow the player to reach the height requirement to perform a plunging attack. This method, unlike dragonstriking, is not limited to melee characters.
* There is a glitch where characters can "infinite-plunge" attack on certain objects. That is, plunging on some things will cause one to enter a state of perpetual plunging, never passing through the object to reach the ground, with the spiraling plunging animation in limbo.

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table
|topic    = Plunging Attack
|shortheader = using Plunging Attacks
}}

==Trivia==
* The Plunging Attack has been referred to as the ''Cannonball'' as in the [[Contending Tides/Gallery|Contending Tides]] challenge (Art of the Cannonball).
* [[Bow]] users fire a rain of arrows as part of their plunging attack.<!--see normal attack descriptions-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Plunging Attack
|zhs     = 下落攻击
|zhs_rm  = Xiàluò Gōngjí
|zht     = 下落攻擊
|zht_rm  = Xiàluò Gōngjí
|zh_tl   = Falling Attack
|ja      = 落下攻撃
|ja_rm   = Rakka Kougeki
|ja_tl   = Falling Attack
|ko      = 낙하 공격
|ko_tl   = Falling Attack
|es      = Ataque Descendente
|es_tl   = Descending Attack
|fr      = Attaque plongeante
|fr_tl   = Plunging Attack
|ru      = Атака в падении
|ru_tl   = Attack in Fall
|th      = การโจมตีพุ่งลงจากอากาศ
|th_rm   = Kan Chomti Phung Long Chak Akat
|th_tl   = Rush Down From Sky Attack
|vi      = Tấn công khi đáp
|vi_tl   = Attack When Landing
|de      = Angriff aus dem Fall
|de_tl   = Attack From the Fall
|id      = Plunging Attack
|pt      = Ataque Imersivo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Havadan Saldırı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Attacco in picchiata
|it_tl   = Plunging Attack
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Type Navbox}}

[[Category:Combat Talents]]

[[ja:落下攻撃]]