{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19094
|image         = Hangout Event Poems Dedicated to the Wind.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaeya
|actNum        = I
|act           = Shenanigans and Sweet Wine
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Artur; Barbara; Diona; Grace; Kaeya; Melker; Patton; Traveler; Venti
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Reunion
|next          = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Poems Dedicated to the Wind''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Shenanigans and Sweet Wine}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the Cathedral plaza
# Go to the Angel's Share to look for help
# Wait until the following day (06:00 – 18:00)
# Go to the Cathedral plaza
# Go look around the Cathedral for Barbara
# Return to the Cathedral plaza and have a discussion with everyone
# Find Kaeya
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==

-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The winds of Mondstadt are leisurely as ever. Enjoy the gentle breeze as you go along.}}
===Poems Dedicated to the Wind===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' [[Port Ormos]] is always lively, even late into the night. People there go to bed much later than I imagined...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Quite a stark contrast with Mondstadt. People pray and play music in the Cathedral plaza during the day, but come nighttime, the streets are deserted except for the knights on patrol.
:{{DIcon}} Which lifestyle do you prefer?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Good question.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Life in Sumeru is never dull. Last time I was out drinking on the street at night, some passing mercenaries invited me to dance.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Although, I did learn later that that kind of thing is highly unusual even there. Hahaha, they must have been in a very good mood that night.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' They taught me a lot of songs that they usually sing during feasts. It really was a fun night... But be that as it may, I think I'm more suited to the free and easy life in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Simple, honest folks like me... we don't need much to be content.
:{{DIcon}} Can you even hear what you're saying?
:{{DIcon}} Are you serious?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Fair enough, let's shelve that discussion for now. Have you ever had a chance to hear the Cathedral choir before? The hymns they sing are a whole tradition in their own right, quite different from the folk songs that the bards play.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:{{DIcon}} It sounds very interesting.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, let's see if we can catch them today. Sister Grace is right there, so we can ask her about the choir's schedule.
;(Kaeya walks over to Sister Grace)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Excuse me, Sister Grace, does the church choir have any performances coming up soon?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 01.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Oh, I'm so sorry... The hymn concert we previously announced has unfortunately been pushed back.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh? What's the story there?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 02.ogg}} '''Grace:''' As you probably know, Captain Kaeya, we've been trying to organize an amateur choir in addition to the regular church choir.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah yes, I heard about that. I believe the plan was ultimately to have different choirs who can take turns to perform hymn concerts.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 03.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Yes, exactly. Well, it turns out there are plenty of believers who are good singers and interested in joining a choir. So in theory, it should have been a simple case of getting everyone in the same room, then practice, practice, practice...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 04.ogg}} '''Grace:''' But for some reason, the rehearsals are going terribly. I don't understand it. Everyone in the choir has a basic level of musical literacy, but they sound awful together. It's like everyone's trying to do their own thing &mdash; there's no group harmony.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 05.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Maybe I'm just not musically gifted enough to give them the guidance they need.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 06.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Captain Kaeya, I know you like listening to hymns... How good is your understanding of vocal music?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Me? Ahaha, music is far from my forte. But if you need some help, then don't worry. I know an expert who's more than up to the task.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 07.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Thank you so much, Captain Kaeya! Having some expert guidance will definitely be a great help.

:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm sure you've figured out who this expert is already. He has the best singing voice of any poet in Mondstadt, and understands poetry better than any other singer.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Plus, he's exceptionally easy to find. Nine out of ten times, he's in the tavern.

;(Talk to Grace again, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909402 grace 08.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Thank you both so much! Having some expert guidance will definitely be a great help.

;(Approach the Angel's Share)
:;(It is sunset by the time Venti is found at an outdoor table at Angel's Share.)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Good day, drinking alone? I hope you don't mind us joining you.
:{{DIcon}} Hello, Venti.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hello, hello! Please, take a seat, we're all friends here.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Patton, one [[Of Drink A-Dreaming#Coffee Recipes|Moonlit Alley]] and an [[Apple Cider]].

:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Excellent choices. Come on, let's have a toast and drain our glasses together!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Here's to the time spent drinking with friends, which is more unforgettable than the drinks are delectable.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ever the poet, Professor Venti. A beautiful toast from the bard with the most.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Any new songs of yours we could listen to? There's a real dearth of quality entertainment at the moment, since the Cathedral's choir performance has been delayed again...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Speaking of which, I trust you've heard Sister Grace's choir perform before?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course! Though the format is a little on the formal side, they do sing quite beautifully. Very pleasant to listen to.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' So you'd say you enjoy hymns?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... Let me think... Well, however it's expressed, as long as you can hear the singer's passion and joy in their voice, I consider it a phenomenal performance.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' "Passion" and "joy," huh? An intriguing perspective. By this logic, I suppose Lord Barbatos would also enjoy the choir's performances.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh? And why is that?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Think about it. It's only because of his patient guidance and protection that the people of Mondstadt can now sing such beautiful hymns in the Cathedral.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It must be quite satisfying for him to hear a joyful people lift up their voices in song.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yes, well, that's a beautiful image, filled with hope. But actually... Maybe Barbatos himself doesn't give it so much thought.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' In principle, the hymns of the Cathedral are dedicated to a god, but in reality, the audience are all ordinary people with very worldly concerns. So what really matters is that the people enjoy what they're listening to.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Heh, if Sister Grace was able to see things that way, perhaps she wouldn't feel so distressed.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh? Distressed? About what?
:{{Black Screen|You explain Sister Grace's predicament to Venti.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ugh, she might be asking a bit too much... To be honest, if they have a natural talent for music, they should just be allowed to sing whatever they want. It'll all sound good.
:{{DIcon}} Even if they aren't singing the same tune?
:{{DIcon}} Even if their voices aren't in harmony?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Uhh... I'm pretty sure the first people to sing songs to the Anemo Archon weren't all singing the same tune...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Besides... he is the God of Freedom. Surely he'd prefer to hear Mondstadters sing their hearts out however comes naturally to them.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, to each their own I say, but Sister Grace seems quite bothered by the whole thing. If only a kind soul with a deep understanding of poetry and music could help her... Patton!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 patton 01.ogg}} '''Patton:''' More drinks?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Uh-oh... I only brought enough money for one bottle today, I'll have to pass...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Another bottle of Apple Cider for Venti, please, Patton. My treat.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wow, thanks Kaeya! Ah, you were one of the finest students ever to emerge from my [[Ode to Flower and Cloud|fast-track love poetry class]]... I always did admire your enthusiasm and kindness.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' With the aid of this bottle, a humble bard's woes are whisked away on the wind... And so it falls to this humble bard to pass the blessing on to another.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hehe, then this is probably the single most worthwhile alcohol purchase I've ever made. With your help, Sister Grace's problems are as good as solved.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sister Grace is a devout follower of the Anemo Archon. Perhaps it's her depth of devotion that causes her to worry too much about the smallest things.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't worry! Just wait a moment, I'll go find her... riiiight after I finish this cider!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The next time you visit her, our sweet Sister shall be sad no more!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Patton, the check please.
:{{Black Screen|You say your farewells after enjoying some fine wine. Kaeya leaves first.}}

;(Talk to Venti again, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...Kaeya is a wily character, but free wine is always the most delicious.
:{{DIcon}} You can always refuse.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, it's fine. I mean, the church's choral hymns aren't exactly my strong suit, what with all the finicky formalities and so on... but as long as there is love for music in the air, I'm sure I'll be able to help.
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like it'll actually take a lot of work...
:{{DIcon}} You're not just doing it for the wine?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909403 venti 20.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hey, if I'm happy, and Sister Grace is happy, and the audience is happy... that's a great thing, isn't it?

===The Helper===
;(Approach Venti and Sister Grace)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hello, Sister Grace. How are the rehearsals going?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 grace 01.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Captain Kaeya, your bard friend has a few suggestions that are somewhat... fanciful in nature.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Fanciful in the sense of not worth adopting, is that what you mean?
:{{DIcon}} What're your thoughts, Venti?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Everyone in the choir loves to sing, but they're used to singing their favorite songs.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Suddenly asking them to sing in perfect harmony, like a church choir with years of experience, is just too difficult.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So why ask them to adjust to the demands of those staid old church hymns, when you could just... create a new song for them, one that they'll all be able to grasp quickly? If you want, I could help.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Church choirs typically stick to traditional hymns... This is certainly an innovative idea.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What's stopping you from considering it, Sister Grace?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 grace 02.ogg}} '''Grace:''' While I don't expect a recently established amateur choir to perform on par with our own church choir, this would be a major departure from tradition... I'm just not convinced that it's appropriate...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, is the Church of Favonius really such a stickler for tradition? Giving believers the chance to express themselves freely seems like it would be a very positive thing.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' So Venti, do you think the Anemo Archon would like to hear a new melody?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course! This was the wish of the people when new Mondstadt was first founded.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Okay, well let's see what our other friend thinks. {{Traveler}}, what are your thoughts?
:{{DIcon}} I, for one, am inclined to agree with Venti's understanding of Barbatos.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Another vote of confidence. Maybe there's hope for this idea yet.
:{{DIcon}} The audience might take some time to get used to a new song...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's perfectly natural. I'm sure the first hymns ever sung took some getting used to for the audience at the time as well. But I believe that as long as the song is an earnest expression of feeling, it will reach people's hearts sooner or later.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...Also, let's not forget that the greatest bard in the world is gonna help write it!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 grace 03.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Heh... Maybe it's just a generational thing, but... *sigh* Well, it's not a completely unreasonable idea. I suppose it can't hurt to try...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Looks like we're all in favor, then, so let's start preparing. Sister Grace, could we trouble you to inform the choir members?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 grace 04.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Of course. I'll tell them now, and then we'll give this a try.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Should we find some people to help us compose the lyrics? If this is to be a new song of the people, then the more fresh ideas we have, the better.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Good idea! Let's split up and find some contributors, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Who should I go look for?
:{{DIcon}} What should I say to them?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let me think... Since we're composing a song, we should try and recruit at least one person who understands music... Aha, I know.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sister Grace... How would you feel about us asking Sister Barbara to provide her input?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 grace 05.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Given that the idea is to write a song dedicated to Lord Barbatos, I'm sure Sister Barbara would be very willing.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Perfect. {{Traveler}}, why don't you head into the Cathedral and invite Sister Barbara to join us? I'll look for another friend who's interested in helping us.

;(Talk to Venti again, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909405 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Got it! With this melody, it'll be much more expressive...

;(Talk to Barbara)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let the wind lead! {{Traveler}}, it's been a long time since I last saw you in the Cathedral.
:{{DIcon}} Barbara! Just the person I was looking for.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Fortunately, I have some time to spare at the moment. What is it?
:{{DIcon}} I have a rather unusual request for you...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Please, don't be shy, go right ahead!
:{{Black Screen|You tell Barbara about the plan to write a brand new song.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, I see! What an interesting idea.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The hymns we know today have been passed down to us through the ages. Very few people would ever think to create a new one.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But as long as we put our hearts into it, and write with reverence and devotion, perhaps our new song can become part of the tradition that is passed on, and bring joy to future generations.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I never imagined that the bard would come up with such an amazing suggestion! I'd really love to be a part of this!
:{{DIcon}} We're having a discussion in the plaza now, would you like to join?
:{{DIcon}} Do you have time to join a lyric-writing session?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909406 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Sure! Let's go there together right now.

===A Poem From the Wind===
;(Approach the group in the plaza)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, you're here.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' You took your sweet time.
:{{DIcon}} Hey, Diona.
:{{DIcon}} So Kaeya's helper is Diona, huh?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I've seen Kaeya play [[Genius Invokation TCG]], making up a bunch of baloney to distract his opponents... Hmph! He's a trickster, plain and simple. So, now I gotta check with you guys to see if what he's saying is true.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Can we really write about anything we want in this song? Even... the evils of Mondstadt's wine industry...?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And is the choir really gonna perform it publicly? So everyone out on the streets will hear it?
:{{DIcon}} Do you think she can really write about that?
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I don't think anything's off-limits. I thought it was a fun idea, anyway.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hope [[Diluc]] won't mind...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I can guarantee he won't.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hehehe... Then I wanna write this: "All boozehounds will be punished harshly by Lord Barbatos!"
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Achoo! That's a very novel idea indeed.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 melker 01.ogg}} '''Melker:''' I'm used to just humming to myself while I work, so after Sister Grace criticized us for not singing in harmony, I was planning on quitting the choir.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 melker 02.ogg}} '''Melker:''' I never thought we'd be able to just sing what we wanted! What a relief.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 artur 01.ogg}} '''Artur:''' Plus, we get to write a song with Sister Barbara! I'm so honored!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Thank you everyone! Why don't we start by picking a theme for this song?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 grace 01.ogg}} '''Grace:''' I agree. Traditionally speaking, the theme should be "Praise Be to the Gentle and Loving Lord Barbatos."
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I expect that Professor Venti might feel that topic is overdone and lacks originality, and that it may not be to Lord Barbatos's liking.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's Kaeya for you, got it in one! I'd suggest that everyone start by thinking of the little things in life that bring you joy.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ooh, well then can I praise the purrfect Fish Head Soup my Mom cooked last night?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course you can!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I think I'd like to rejoice in the precious days spent together with family.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 artur 02.ogg}} '''Artur:''' Let us praise Mondstadt, the city that allows us to sing freely!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' See, already we have lots of wonderful ideas! Haha, let's write them down, and then Kaeya can...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh? Kaeya?

;(Talk to Venti, Barbara, or Diona, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Okay everyone, write your ideas down once you've got something, and then we'll open it up for a group discussion!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I think the song should express the joy of being together with family.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Should I write about Fish Head Soup, or Liyue Grilled Fish...

;(Talk to Melker, Artur, or Grace, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 melker 03.ogg}} '''Melker:''' Hmm, what should I sing about...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 artur 03.ogg}} '''Artur:''' Home of the Windborne... What do you think of that?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909408 grace 02.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Surely the song should at least mention Lord Barbatos...?

;(Talk to Kaeya)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What are you doing here? Didn't want to participate in the discussions?
:{{DIcon}} You're not participating either.
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to leave?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I just wanted you to take you to hear a performance. But that obviously didn't happen, thanks to the problems with the choir rehearsals.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The rehearsals are now back on track, so I've done my part. If I stay here any longer, I'll probably get roped into singing with them.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'd rather it didn't come to that. My songwriting abilities are limited.
:{{DIcon}} Here you are helping other people out, when you're supposed to be kicking back and relaxing...
:{{DIcon}} Or perhaps this is your way of relaxing?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If doing nothing but loitering on the plaza enjoying the scenery all day is the only way to relax, then I suppose I didn't get to relax.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But that would get boring after a while. To me, it's more fun to wander around, see what's happening, and insert myself into interesting situations.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Besides... Can you be so sure I didn't have something to gain from helping Sister Grace with her choir rehearsal dilemma these past few days?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh-ho! I spy two naughty students skipping class... And they just so happen to be the very two who asked me to help Sister Grace in the first place.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' We're ready to review and discuss everyone's lyric contributions now. Hey... why is it that you look like you're trying to run away?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I still recall the teachings of Professor Venti: The Anemo Archon cares not about how moving the people's songs of praise are, but rather whether or not the song comes from the heart.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' With so many true believers gathered together earnestly writing a song for him, I'm sure the Anemo Archon is watching on and feels very satisfied.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That's what a song of worship is all about. So, mission accomplished.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And that's the reason you've decided to leave?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Slipping away before the final verse is sung, before the poet has uttered the last line, before everything has concluded... I don't know, something about it just resonates with me.
:{{DIcon}} You just think writing poetry is too much trouble.
:{{DIcon}} You're just embarrassed to sing.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh no, you've seen right through me!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wow, that was a craftily crafted speech. I almost fell for it.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But to share all this with a group of friends, only to find myself one friend short before the final verse is sung, before the poet has uttered the last line, before everything has concluded... I don't know, something about it just irritates me.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If you don't want to write a poem, then let me gift you one!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "Abandoned to whatever fortune the cruel waters bring, bereft of control directionless I swing."
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "The swift currents surge, and onward I urge, through the snow and frost that Fall and Winter bring."
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "Majestic waves cresting, surf roaring its tale, none but the ocean to hear as I sing."
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "The stars in my eyes as I chart toward the horizon, that into one day, from the endless dome of night I shall spring."
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If you are a chaser of freedom, the Anemo Archon will bless you. So why not let those feelings out, and sing with everyone?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A boat that has come unmoored will not get lost in the night, but sail towards the dawn... A beautiful image.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course, you don't have to believe in it, but the winds of Mondstadt will guide every lost ship back to safe harbor.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, after a fine poem like that, it would be plain rude of me not to rejoin you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909409 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, let's head back together. You two of all people have to be there for the grand finale.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: A Boat Untethered===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Boat Untethered
|character       = Kaeya
|act             = 1
|description     = "If you are a chaser of freedom, why not sing with everyone?"
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Poems Dedicated to the Wind
|zhs     = 献诗予风
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 獻詩予風
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 風に捧げる詩
|ja_rm   = Kaze ni Sasageru Shi
|ja_tl   = Poems Dedicated to the Wind
|ko      = 바람에 바치는 시
|ko_tl   = Poems Dedicated to the Wind
|es      = Poemas dedicados al viento
|es_tl   = Poems Dedicated to the Wind
|fr      = Un poème pour le vent
|fr_tl   = A Poem for the Wind
|ru      = Стихи, посвящённые ветру
|ru_tl   = Poems Dedicated to the Wind
|th      = บทกวีถึงสายลม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tặng Thơ Cho Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Gedicht für den Wind
|de_tl   = A Poem for the Wind
|id      = Syair Kepada Sang Angin
|id_tl   = Poems to the Wind
|pt      = Poemas Dedicados ao Vento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rüzgara Adanmış Şiirler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Poesie dedicate al vento
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}