{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Screenshot Poetry Exchange Hilichurls.webp
|id            = 20103
|part          = 2
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Ella Musk
|prev          = Language Exchange
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|characters    = Ella Musk; Paimon; Traveler
|requirement   = Requires completing [[Language Exchange]].
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Grants the achievement [[Yo dala?]] if you selected the correct sequence of dialogue.
}}
'''''Poetry Exchange''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Ella Musk]]
#* Obtain {{Item|Draft Lines of Hilichurlian Poetry}}
#Approach the hilichurl
#Recite poetry to the hilichurl
#(if a chosen line angers hilichurl) Defeat the angry hilichurl
#Talk to Ella Musk

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* To successfully complete the commission without a battle, select the following three options (in any order): "'''Celi dada, Mimi nunu'''", "'''Muhe ye'''", "'''Ye dada!'''"
** Upon success, the player is granted the {{Achievement|Yo dala?}}
* Commission rewards are still given for failing to communicate with the hilichurls, but the achievement will not be granted.
* The enemies that must be defeated after choosing a bad line are: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl*3;Anemo Samachurl;Blazing Axe Mitachurl;Wooden Shield Mitachurl}}
* Enemies from this commission do not drop items, Mora, or experience.
* After being assigned ''[[Language Exchange]]'', ''Poetry Exchange'' is guaranteed to be assigned either one day or four days later regardless of which version of ''Language Exchange'' was assigned (success, failure, or waking the hilichurls). This guaranteed assignment will ignore the player's current Commission Region preferences.
** After both Commissions have been completed once, it will also be possible to get ''Poetry Exchange'' without being assigned ''Language Exchange'' beforehand.
** If both Commissions are assigned on the same day, ''Language Exchange'' must be completed first.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ella Musk]] believes she's come up with another way to communicate with [[Hilichurls]]. She's looking for somebody to help carry out her idea...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to the hilichurls before talking to Ella Musk)
:'''Hilichurl (left):''' Yo dala?
:'''Hilichurl (center):''' ...Ya odomu...
:'''Hilichurl (right):''' Yo aba zido dala?

;(Talk to Ella Musk)
:'''Ella Musk:''' Good to see you again! You remember me, right? ...Surely you at least remember our friendship-building with the hilichurls?
:'''Ella Musk:''' Don't give me that look... This is the nature of learning a language. You have to practice, practice, practice!
:'''Ella Musk:''' Rest assured, your efforts were not wasted! My spoken Hilichurlian has improved by leaps and bounds since that day...
:'''Ella Musk:''' But I also had to get my written Hilichurlian up to scratch. So, after an intense period of research, I have now composed a series of original Hilichurlian poems!
:'''Ella Musk:''' That said, there are still a few lines I'm not sure of. I need to check the meaning... Could you go and test them out for me?
:{{DIcon}} ..."Test them out"?
::'''Ella Musk:''' You know, like... Read them out to a hilichurl and see how they react!
::'''Ella Musk:''' Don't worry! I've {{Color|buzzword|marked}} the lines where I'm not quite sure of the meaning. And anyway, I'm sure I can't be too far off...
::'''Ella Musk:''' I've already got a place in mind. The hilichurls there look friendlier than most. Just read out the individual lines I've queried to them.
::'''Ella Musk:''' Thanks for your help! Come back here after you've read them the poetry, I want to know everything!
:{{DIcon}} ...Reading to hilichurls? Again?
::'''Ella Musk:''' That's right! You're experienced at it, after all. And don't worry, I've {{Color|buzzword|marked}} the lines where I'm not quite sure of the meaning. I'm sure I can't be too far off though...
::'''Ella Musk:''' I've already got a place in mind. The hilichurls there look friendlier than most. Just read out the individual lines I've queried to them.
::'''Ella Musk:''' Thanks for your help! Come back here after you've read them the poetry, I want to know everything!
::'''Ella Musk:''' And, um, if it doesn't go quite as planned, I'm sure you'll have no trouble resolving the situation...
;(Obtain {{Item|Draft Lines of Hilichurlian Poetry}})

;(Talk to Ella Musk again)
:'''Ella Musk:''' I wonder if the hilichurls will like my poetry...
:{{DIcon}} What inspired you to write Hilichurlian poetry?
::'''Ella Musk:''' Honestly, it's because I want to improve my language skills. There's certain grammatical rules, sentence structures, lexical collocations and so on where I haven't quite grasped everything.
::'''Ella Musk:''' I put an enormous amount of hard work into writing these lines, but who knows &mdash; they might still sound clumsy and unnatural to a native speaker.
::'''Ella Musk:''' Sometimes just one wrong word choice creates the wrong connotation, and then you've changed the meaning of the entire sentence... There's only one way to learn little nuances like that, and that is to talk to an actual hilichurl.
::'''Ella Musk:''' Most people find the idea of learning Hilichurlian directly from the hilichurls to be intolerable.
::'''Ella Musk:''' But not me. If I'm serious about getting proficient in Hilichurlian and understand their culture, this is something I have to do.
::'''Ella Musk:''' And what could be a more fitting way to communicate with Mondstadt's hilichurls than through the medium of poetry?
:{{DIcon}} What are these comments?
::'''Ella Musk:''' Oh, the ones at the very end? Yeah... So, all the vocabulary in these poems I have definitely seen before in other texts...
::'''Ella Musk:''' And with each word, I did try my best to take cues from the original usage conditions as I pieced the sentences together...
::'''Ella Musk:''' ...But languages are complex things. Sometimes, even the most benign-seeming word can change meaning when used in a specific context, enough to affect the meaning of the entire sentence...
::'''Ella Musk:''' Anyway. These verses are the ones I'm most confident on in terms of comprehension. Relatively speaking.
::'''Ella Musk:''' I've got other verses that I still don't know how to translate into Common, even though I wrote them... I'll spare you those ones.
:{{DIcon}} Seems to me you've more or less figured it out already...
::'''Ella Musk:''' Well... "more or less" is still a far cry from "completely." And even though I set out to achieve a friendly interaction with the hilichurls...
::'''Ella Musk:''' ...I doubt they would give me the chance to explain if something didn't come across as I intended. More likely, they'd get riled up and I wouldn't make it back in one piece...
::'''Ella Musk:''' So. That's where you come in! Hehehe. ...You'll be fine, honest! Just follow my notes and you will almost certainly have no problems whatsoever.
::'''Ella Musk:''' Almost certainly...
----
;(Approach the hilichurls)
:'''Paimon:''' Over there! Those must be the hilichurls we're looking for.
:'''Paimon:''' They really do seem friendlier than your average hilichurl. ...How did Ella Musk manage to find them though!?

;(Initiating conversation with friendly hilichurl)
:;(Note<nowiki>:</nowiki> After choosing a line, it becomes unavailable in any remaining choices during the quest)
:'''Paimon:''' She was right, these hilichurls do seem a bit different...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's get this recital over with. Paimon doubts you'll find any friendlier hilichurls than these!
:'''Paimon:''' Which line should we start with?
:{{DIcon}} Celi dada, mimi nunu!
:;([[#Good Lines|Good line]])
:{{DIcon}} Ya yika!
:;([[#Bad Lines|Bad line]])
:{{DIcon}} Ye dada!
:;([[#Good Lines|Good line]])
:{{DIcon}} Nini zido!
:;([[#Bad Lines|Bad line]])
:{{DIcon}} Muhe ye!
:;([[#Good Lines|Good line]])

===Good Lines===
;(After a good line)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, not much of a reaction. Seems like it isn't interested in talking.
:'''Paimon:''' Guess we'll just have to guess what it's saying from its body language...
:;(First or second time)
::'''Paimon:''' Huh... That seemed to go well...
::'''Paimon:''' What do you know &mdash; the hilichurl seems to like it! Go on, read the next one.
:;(Return to choosing a line with previously-chosen lines removed)

:;(Third time)
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa... So hilichurls dance now. Paimon guesses they really liked that one.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks that's enough Hilichurlian poetry reading for one day. Let's head back and see Ella Musk.
:;(Dialogue ends)

;(Talk to Ella Musk after success)
:'''Ella Musk:''' How did it go? Did you recite those lines to the hilichurls?
:{{DIcon}} I did indeed.
:'''Ella Musk:''' So how did they take it? From the looks of it I'm guessing... it went well?
:{{DIcon}} It went pretty well!
:'''Ella Musk:''' So my understanding of the vocabulary was correct after all. Great news!
:'''Ella Musk:''' Another step forward for the field of Hilichurlian Studies.
:'''Ella Musk:''' One day, I'll be able to converse freely with the hilichurls, and hear all the secrets they have to share right from their own mouths. When that day comes...
:'''Ella Musk:''' I'll finally be able to say that I have lived up to the [[Musk Family|Musk family]] name.
:'''Ella Musk:''' Oh, but before all that &mdash; this is for you. Thanks so much.

===Bad Lines===
;(After a bad line)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What is it doing that for? ...It seems to be enjoying this a little too much, if anything. Is Ella Musk really that good of a poet?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no... Ah! Watch out, over there! Hilichurls, incoming!
;(Dialogue ends, and angry hilichurls spawn)

;(Talk to Ella Musk)
:'''Ella Musk:''' How did it go? Did you recite those lines to the hilichurls?
:{{DIcon}} I did indeed.
:'''Ella Musk:''' So how did they take it? From the looks of it I'm guessing... uh, not so well...?
:{{DIcon}} There was an issue.
:'''Ella Musk:''' Did you make sure to follow my notes? Or were they even wrong?
:'''Ella Musk:''' I'm... so sorry. It seems I'm not as proficient as I thought I was... Guess I need to study a bit harder. Thanks for the help anyway, and please take these for your trouble.
:'''Ella Musk:''' ...I need to get a handle on this. I cannot let down the [[Musk Family|Musk family]] name.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*Neither this quest nor ''[[Language Exchange]]'' were updated to use the hilichurls' improved interaction animations that were introduced with the ''[[Mimi Tomo]]'' event.

===Hilichurlian Translation===
Based on current understanding of [[Hilichurlian]], the conversation may go as follows:

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to the hilichurls before talking to Ella Musk)
:'''Hilichurl (left):''' Yo dala? ''[Why are you (here)?], lit. [You what?]''
:'''Hilichurl (center):''' ...Ya odomu... ''[Human friend]''
:'''Hilichurl (right):''' Yo aba zido dala? ''[Where did you come from?] or [Where are you from?], lit. [You before where?]''

;(Initiate conversation with friendly hilichurl)
:[Separating the good and bad lines]
;Good
:{{DIcon}} Celi dada, mimi nunu! ''[Sun/light/heat good, we sleep!]''
:{{DIcon}} Ye dada! ''[You good!]''
:{{DIcon}} Muhe ye! ''[(I) like you!]''
;Bad
:{{DIcon}} Ya yika! ''[Human (yika)]''
:{{DIcon}} Nini zido! ''[Disappear!] (see note below)''
{{Dialogue End}}

In both this quest and ''Language Exchange'', Ella is still somewhat early in her studies of Hilichurlian, so the translations and notes she gives may not be accurate; in fact, ''Language Exchange'' has two outcomes depending on whether Ella's conversation goes well or not. Her vocabulary has greatly expanded by the events of ''Mimi Tomo'', and translations of Hilichurlian will likely continue to be updated or changed as new information is released.

"Nini zido" only has tentative translations since the meaning of both ''nini'' and ''zido'' are highly context dependent; ''nini'' can mean anything from "storm" or "wind," to "disappear" or the general concept of ephemerality, while ''zido'' can mean "here," "this," "to go," or be used to specify a subject or object. ''Odomu'' has also been theorized to not actually mean "friend" but something closer to "guy" or "person".

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Poetry Exchange
|zhs     = 诗歌交流
|zhs_rm  = Shīgē Jiāoliú
|zht     = 詩歌交流
|zht_rm  = Shīgē Jiāoliú
|zh_tl   = Poetry Exchange
|ja      = 詩の交流
|ja_rm   = Shi no Kouryuu
|ja_tl   = Poetry Exchange
|ko      = 시로 소통하기
|ko_rm   = Si-ro Sotong-hagi
|ko_tl   = Communicating with Poems
|es      = Intercambio poético
|es_tl   = Poetic Interchange
|fr      = Ballades communicantes
|fr_tl   = Communicating Ballads
|ru      = Стихотворное общение
|ru_tl   = Poetic Communication
|th      = สื่อสารด้วยบทเพลง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Communication by Song
|vi      = Giao Lưu Thơ Ca
|vi_tl   = Poetry Exchange
|de      = Dichterischer Austausch
|de_tl   = Poetic Exchange
|id      = Komunikasi Melalui Puisi
|id_tl   = Communication Via Poem
|pt      = Comunicação via Poemas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Şiirsel İletişim
|tr_tl   = Poetic Communication
|it      = Scambio di poesie
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:Intercambio poético]]
[[fr:Ballades communicantes]]
[[ja:詩の交流]]
[[pt-br:Comunicação Via Poemas]]
[[ru:Стихотворное общение]]