{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = HEO Poissonous Cuisine.png
|type       = Quest-Like
|req        = [[Book of Esoteric Revelations]]<br>[[Strange Stone Chronicle (Part 3)]]<br>[[Echoes of the Ancient World]]
|region     = Fontaine
|area       = Beryl Region
|subarea    = Merusea Village
|loc        = [[Merusea Village]], [[Beryl Region]]
|characters = Canotila; Paimon; Puca; Serene; Traveler; Verenata
|rewards    = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}{{Card|Mora|10,000}}{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Recipe: Poissonchant Pie|1}}
}}
'''Poissonous Cuisine''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] that takes place in [[Merusea Village]], [[Beryl Region]]. It is unlocked after completing all of the following:
* {{Quest|Book of Esoteric Revelations}}
* {{Quest|Strange Stone Chronicle (Part 3)}}
* {{Quest|Echoes of the Ancient World}}
* Unlock [[Xana]]'s shop (complete [[Serene#Dialogue Set #2|Serene's Dialogue Set #2]])

==Steps==
# Approach [[Puca]], [[Canotila]], and [[Verenata]] at Merusea Village.
# Complete the following in any order:
#* Give {{Item|Bacon|x=1}} to Verenata.
#* Give {{Item|Bird Egg|x=1}} to Canotila.
#* Give {{Item|Flour|x=1}} to Puca.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] grants the {{Achievement|It's Fish, I Added Fish}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Puca, Canotila, and Verenata)
:'''Puca:''' *sigh* But... what should we give [[Serene]]?
:'''Canotila:''' So long as it expresses our intentions, we can give her anything, can we not?
:'''Verenata:''' Yeah, [[Carabosse]] said the same thing!
:'''Puca:''' Hmmm... "intentions"... Let me think. Mister [[Chesil]]'s sent me a new clock, but would a clock really make the best birthday gift?
:'''Puca:''' After all, Serene's taking care of us all. This would be a great opportunity for me to give her a gift that'll make her happy...
:'''Canotila:''' Everyone wants that! Though if we think about it, gifting her something else might end with her turning it away right? She'll say "I can't accept something so valuable" or something like that.
:'''Verenata:''' Yeah...
:'''Canotila:''' If that's the case, then why don't we make her a nice meal? The act of eating together will express our intentions perfectly!
:'''Puca:''' Oh, yeah! You're the best, Canotila! In that case, let's make "That Dish" together!
:'''Verenata:''' Huh? You want to make "That Dish"? Well, preparing it will be a bit...
:{{DIcon}} Do you need help?
:'''Verenata:''' Huh? Well, that...
:'''Puca:''' Ah, it's... it's {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:'''Canotila:''' Ahaha... Today's weather isn't bad either, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}! Did you find any new pages?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Ah, if you're talking about the "Book of Revealing"...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, hold on, no! Don't change the subject! You were just talking about preparing something for Serene...
:'''Verenata:''' Ah! Ah! I just remembered there are notes that need to be collated! I need to get back right now!
:'''Puca:''' I&mdash;I have also remembered that I need to meet with Mister Chesil tomorrow! I have to go now too! See you, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:'''Canotila:''' Hmm... Golden butterflies...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait! Huh? Why did they all run off?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they don't want anyone else to know.
:{{DIcon}} That's what we call a birthday surprise...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. So, they're planning to host a big birthday dinner for Serene?
:'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, we haven't actually gotten to try the Melusines' dishes! If it's a birthday celebration, the food should be extra fancy, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Ooohh, Paimon's starting to look forward to this birthday thing... {{Traveler}}, why don't we find and help them?
:{{DIcon}} That's a birthday gift for someone else...
:{{DIcon}} Don't you try to sneak a bite, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon... Paimon knows that! But... if we prepare a dish with the Melusines, you'll figure out how to make it, won't you? You know, in case Paimon wants some later...
:'''Paimon:''' No, wait! Paimon means "we"! We can eat it together in the future!
:{{DIcon}} You're really something else, Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. Anyway, let's go check up on them and see if they need our help to prepare anything!
----
;(Talk to Verenata)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, there you are, Verenata!
:'''Verenata:''' Uh... Um, hey there, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. What do you need from me?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, this has to do with what you were all chatting about earlier. About preparing food for Serene&mdash;
:'''Verenata:''' N&mdash;No, wait, please stop talking!
:'''Verenata:''' We... want to make this a surprise for Serene, and don't want anyone else to know. Not even Carabosse...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry. We won't tell a soul! We just want to help you prepare. This will make things easier for you too, right?
:'''Verenata:''' Hmm... You two are pretty reliable. If that's the case, I've a favor to ask...
:'''Verenata:''' The dish we're trying to make usually uses... fish.
:'''Verenata:''' But [[Lutine]] told me that... the outside world has something called "bacon," and that it tastes delicious. Monsieur [[Neuvillette]] has also enjoyed it before.
:'''Verenata:''' So, I think that if we can get some "bacon," we might be able to cook something incredible... Just like Carabosse always says, "knowledge is power"!
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure this has anything to do with knowledge...
::'''Paimon:''' It's the knowledge of what to do with cooking ingredients... kinda-sorta?
:{{DIcon}} "Fontaine is bacon"...
::'''Paimon:''' ?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, don't worry about it. We've got this bacon thing down pat!
:'''Verenata:''' This "bacon" that Lutine mentioned... I wonder what it is?
:;(Submit {{Item|Bacon|x=1}})
:'''Verenata:''' Whoa, so this is "bacon"? Thanks a lot, {{Traveler}}, Paimon!
:'''Verenata:''' Still, it's a bit different from what I'd imagined...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't you worry! Bacon tastes good no matter how you prepare it!
:'''Verenata:''' Really? I don't quite get that, but I'll do my best!

;(Talk to Verenata if the submission menu was closed)
:'''Verenata:''' This "bacon" that Lutine mentioned... I wonder what it is?
:;(Submit {{Item|Bacon|x=1}})
:;(Dialogue continues as above)

;(Talk to Verenata again, optional)
:'''Verenata:''' Hmm, if we wrap the fish inside the bacon...
----
;(Talk to Canotila)
:'''Canotila:''' Ah, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}...
:'''Canotila:''' So... Hmm, about those new pages...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, c'mon, enough about the pages! Aren't you trying to make "That Dish" and prepare the relevant ingredients for it?
:'''Canotila:''' Hmm... Well, since you've overheard, I suppose there really is nothing for it... You two must be included in this as well.
:'''Canotila:''' A question, if I may! {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}, what ingredient symbolizes "birth" to you?
:'''Canotila:''' Something that "bestows life" and represents "newborn." I believe you know what I'm looking for, yes?
:{{DIcon}} ?
::'''Paimon:''' ?
::'''Canotila:''' ...I want a bird egg. Just a bird egg.
:{{DIcon}} You mean... like a bird egg?
::'''Canotila:''' Hehe, yeah! That's right! Sharp as always, I see!
:'''Canotila:''' But I suppose you can see the rub too, can't you? We Melusines have short arms and can't climb trees well, so it'll be... very troublesome for one of us to get any bird eggs.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} You're not going to need a fresh one, are you...
::'''Canotila:''' Huh? A fresh bird egg?
::'''Canotila:''' Hmm. That does sound much better than an "ordinary bird egg"! In that case, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}, I'll need you to get fresh bird eggs!
::'''Paimon:''' No, no, wait! They're not really any different! An ordinary bird egg will work just fine!
:'''Canotila:''' Anyway, I leave this to you, alright?
:'''Canotila:''' Well, have you a bird egg with you?
:;(Submit {{Item|Bird Egg|x=1}})
:'''Canotila:''' Thanks, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}! I'm sure that Serene will be happy too!
:'''Canotila:''' Thanks. I'll go prepare the ingredient now!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! You got this!

;(Talk to Canotila if the submission menu was closed)
:'''Canotila:''' Well, have you a bird egg with you?
:;(Submit {{Item|Bird Egg|x=1}})
:;(Dialogue continues as above)

;(Talk to Canotila again, optional)
:'''Canotila:''' Anyway, let's open the shell first...
----
;(Talk to Puca)
:'''Paimon:''' Puca! About what you said earlier...
:'''Puca:''' ...Ah! That... that was supposed to be a secret. You can't tell anyone else! Not even [[Sluasi]]!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry about a thing! We definitely won't tell anyone else! We just want to help you prepare! Two extra helpers will help get things ready faster, right?
:'''Puca:''' Hmm? Yeah... yeah! I'm sure you two would be a big help!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, right? So, what do you need us to do?
:'''Puca:''' Hmm... The other ingredients are pretty easy to prepare, but we still need that white and sweet thing...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean sugar?
:'''Puca:''' No! Not that! Sugar is dangerous! *sigh* Eating that just once will make you always want to eat it. In the end... you'll get all round and stuff...
:{{DIcon}} Just like a Breacher Primus?
:{{DIcon}} Just like Paimon?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon isn't round!
:'''Puca:''' Anyway, absolutely no sugar! I almost fell into its sweet trap in the past... We can't let the same thing happen to Serene!
:'''Paimon:''' But what else is white and sweet besides sugar?
:{{DIcon}} Flour, perhaps?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? How's flour supposed to be sweet?
::'''Paimon:''' No, wait, you can taste a little sweetness if you sample it for long enough...
:{{DIcon}} (Stares at Paimon.)
::'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Why are you staring at Paimon like that?
:'''Puca:''' Um, well, I am referring to flour. First, we'll need to make it round. Then we bake it till it's tasty and crispy...
:'''Puca:''' But... I've used up all my flour... and [[Xana]] doesn't have any, either. We'll need to go out and get more...
:'''Paimon:''' No problem, leave it to us! {{Traveler}}, let's check if we're carrying any flour!
:'''Puca:''' White and sweet...
:;(Submit {{Item|Flour|x=1}})
:'''Puca:''' Ah! Thanks, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}! Thanks, Paimon! This way, we can make some delicious flatbread!
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh! Paimon can't wait!

;(Talk to Puca if the submission menu was closed)
:'''Puca:''' White and sweet...
:;(Submit {{Item|Flour|x=1}})
:;(Dialogue continues as above)

;(Talk to Puca again, optional)
:'''Puca:''' Flatbread's a-baking, Flatbread's a-baking~♪
----
;(After submitting all three ingredients)
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! This way, all the ingredients for the dish should be ready!
:'''Puca:''' Hehe, you really are awesome, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}!
:'''Canotila:''' Alright! We'll leave the cooking to you, Verenata!
:'''Verenata:''' A&mdash;Alright! You can count on me! I've learned the greatest, bestest, most powerful-est cooking methods from Carabosse and Lutine!
:{{DIcon}} You got this!
:{{DIcon}} As long as it doesn't turn out like your potions...
::'''Paimon:''' Ahh! Don't make Paimon remember that smell!
::'''Verenata:''' I got it this time! Don't worry about it!
:'''Verenata:''' Carabosse once said that the most important thing in cooking is vigor, and the will to never give up! We must never surrender to the ingredients, no matter what!
:'''Paimon:''' This style of cooking is already entirely different from what Paimon's familiar with...
:'''Verenata:''' No worries, no worries! Nothing will go wrong! Probably!
:{{Black Screen|Under your supervision, Verenata gathers two pieces of flatbread, seven fishes, the cooked bird egg, and sliced bacon before throwing them all into the pot at once and stirring away with focus and gusto...<br>This really doesn't seem like the way flatbread is cooked, but it's too late to stop the process at this point...}}
:'''Verenata:''' Mm-hmm! There we go! All done, easy-peasy!
:'''Canotila:''' Oh, it looks pretty good! I think Serene will definitely be pleased!
:'''Puca:''' Of course! Why, I'm already super happy! Anyway, we should also thank {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}} for helping us make such a wonderful meal!
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon's gonna ask, just in case...
:'''Paimon:''' But... what is this?
:'''Verenata:''' Huh? Haven't you seen Poissonchant Pie before, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, that sounds and looks like you'd use it to cast some kind of forbidden magic or something!
:'''Canotila:''' Huh? Why?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you're the one who called it "Poisonchant"... Also, look at all these fish heads!
:'''Puca:''' Hehe! They're so cute, right? They look just like a choir in a picture book, with everyone holding their heads up high and singing happily&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Which part of that dish even remotely looks like what you're talking about?
:'''Verenata:''' Hmm... Since neither of you have seen a Poissonchant Pie before, then maybe we should give you two a serving first!
:'''Verenata:''' You both were a big help after all &mdash; I mean, you look after us just like Miss Serene does.
:'''Canotila:''' Hmm, I'd say that Serene's a bit noisier and nosier at times, actively trying to help when we don't need it...
:'''Puca:''' That's just the way she is...
:'''Canotila:''' But either way, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}} and Paimon are better at... caring for people?
:'''Canotila:''' Anyway, we would like the two of you to accept our "goodwill"!
:{{DIcon}} Hehe, awesome! This looks delicious!
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? {{Traveler}}, you can't be serious... right?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm. Uh, thanks?
:'''Puca:''' Hehe, you look so happy right now, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}!
:'''Canotila:''' Alright, let's go give the Poissonchant Pie to Serene!
:{{DIcon}} Okay. Let's go!
:{{DIcon}} Am I coming along as well?
::'''Puca:''' Yup. I mean, you helped prepare the ingredients after all! And besides, the more people who eat together, the merrier, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Will this... really be okay?
----
:{{Black Screen|You look for Serene together with everyone else...}}
:'''Serene:''' Well, I suppose this should be fine now...
:'''Serene:''' Ah. Hello, {{Traveler}}, Paimon! Is there something you need?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? What are you doing, Serene?
:'''Serene:''' Oh, are you talking about this thing? Well, Xana accidentally broke the water bottle she usually carries with her, so I came by to try and fix it...
:'''Serene:''' So, {{Traveler}} and Paimon... Do you need me to help with something?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, do you remember what day it is?
:'''Serene:''' Huh? Come to think of it, today's the day that I'll need to submit a report to Monsieur Neuvillette...
:'''Paimon:''' That's not what we're talking about!
:'''Canotila:''' Seriously, you should consider yourself more. It's your birthday, you know...
:'''Canotila:''' Come, everyone! Altogether now!
:'''Canotila, Puca, and Verenata:''' Happy birthday!
:'''Serene:''' Eh?
:'''Verenata:''' {{Traveler}} helped us prepare a totally unique Poissonchant Pie for your birthday!
:'''Puca:''' This is for all the time you've spent taking care of us, and for all your help when I was trying to communicate with Mister Chesil...
:'''Canotila:''' Well, you're really noisy sometimes, but as long as you don't suddenly pop in and interrupt my thoughts, you're welcome to be even louder if you want.
:'''Serene:''' I... everyone...
:'''Canotila:''' Come on, that's no way to look at your own birthday. Anyway, if we don't eat the Poissonchant Pie we spent so long preparing soon, it'll get cold.
:'''Canotila:''' Come, let's eat! You too, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} My taste buds were born for such adventure!
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, how does this count as an adventure?
:{{DIcon}} Do I... really have to eat this...
::'''Paimon:''' (Uh... Well, here goes nothing. Paimon should have a nibble at least...)
:{{Black Screen|You enjoy the strange Poissonchant Pie with the Melusines...<br>Though it looks rather strange, the taste isn't as bad as you expected. On the contrary, it's quite delicious, so long as you can stomach the stares of the fish heads, their eyes still gleaming with a strange light...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? It... tastes pretty good...
:{{DIcon}} Another!
::'''Verenata:''' Ah, but we don't have any more... If you're still hungry, though, we can make more together in the future!
:{{DIcon}} Humanity might not yet be ready for this wonder...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, though it tastes good, it looks...
:'''Canotila:''' Come on, make a wish &mdash; and make sure it's a wish for yourself!
:'''Serene:''' Well, if that's the case, my wish has already come true.
:'''Serene:''' Thank you everyone! Thank you, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/implLKVXsds
|caption1 = Guide: Poissonous Cuisine
}}

==Trivia==
* The dialogue option "'Fontaine is bacon'..." is a reference to the meme "[https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/france-is-bacon France is Bacon]."

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Quest-Like}}

[[es:Cocina venenosa]]