{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Polearm.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Polearms''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

They have fast attacks and long reach and deal moderate damage per hit.

==Normal Attacks==
A Polearm user's [[Normal Attack]] chain typically consists of 4-6 fast melee attacks.

==Charged Attacks==
A Polearm user's Charged Attack is usually a forward lunge that deals damage to opponents along the way. However, [[Zhongli]], [[Xiao]], [[Raiden Shogun]], [[Arlecchino]] and [[Emilie]] have unique slashing Charged Attacks.

All Polearm Charged Attacks cost 25 Stamina by default.

==Plunging Attacks==
Polearm Plunging Attacks are considered [[Blunt Attack]]s. All Polearm users have similar animations when plunging, which involves them spinning downward like a drill.

==Polearm Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Polearm Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Polearm Characters|noweapon=1|nomodel=1}}

==List of Polearms==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Polearms|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Polearm Bonus Artifacts}}

==Cost Reduction==
===Polearm Forging Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Polearm Forging Talents|notype=1}}

===Polearm Ascension Cost Reduction Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Polearm Ascension Cost Reduction Talents|notype=1}}

==Trivia==
* Zhongli's Normal Attack involves him kicking his polearm. Characters with the "Medium Male" [[model type]] (e.g., Xiao, Cyno) also kick their polearms, but only in the menu screen.
** Rosaria used to kick her polearm in the menu screen, but her animation was updated in [[Version 2.1]] so that she no longer kicks it.
* During the era of [[Mondstadt]]'s nobility, the polearm was viewed as a weapon for "plebian gladiators and commoners," along with the [[bow]]. The polearm in particular was looked down upon by sword-wielding nobles because they saw the weapon as a potential threat.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Royal Spear}}</ref>
* The first four polearm users in the game: [[Xiangling]], [[Zhongli]], [[Xiao]] and [[Hu Tao]], are all from [[Liyue]]. Rosaria was the first non-Liyue playable character introduced to use the polearm.
* In Chinese, polearms are called {{zh|长柄武器}}, which literally means "long-handled weapon." They fall into a similar class of weapons as lances, spears, etc.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Polearm
|zhs     = 长柄武器
|zhs_rm  = Chángbǐng Wǔqì
|zht     = 長柄武器
|zht_rm  = Chángbǐng Wǔqì
|zh_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|ja      = 長柄武器
|ja_rm   = Nagae Buki
|ja_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|ko      = 장병기
|ko_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|es      = Lanza
|es_tl   = Spear
|fr      = Arme d'hast
|fr_tl   = Polearm
|ru      = Древковое оружие
|ru_tl   = Pole Weapon
|th      = หอก
|th_rm   = Hok
|th_tl   = Spear
|vi      = Vũ Khí Cán Dài
|vi_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|de      = Stangenwaffe
|de_tl   = Polearm
|id      = Polearm
|pt      = Lança
|pt_tl   = Spear
|tr      = Mızrak
|tr_tl   = Spear
|it      = Lancia
|it_tl   = Spear
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|Polearms|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Polearms| ]]

[[de:Stangenwaffe]]
[[es:Lanza]]
[[fr:Arme d'hast]]
[[id:Polearms]]
[[ja:長柄武器]]
[[pl:Włócznia]]
[[pt-br:Lanças]]
[[ru:Древковое]]
[[th:หอก]]
[[tr:Mızrak]]
[[uk:Спис]]
[[vi:Vũ Khí Cán Dài]]
[[zh:長柄武器]]