{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Polearm.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Polearms''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

They have fast attacks and long forward reach and deal moderate damage per hit.

==Normal Attacks==
A Polearm user's [[Normal Attack]] chain typically consists of 4-6 rapid melee attacks.

==Charged Attacks==
Polearm Charged Attacks have one of the following types of animations:
* Lunging forwards, dealing damage to opponents along the way (most of the current Polearm users)
** While [[Zhongli]] also does the same, his animation consists of him doing a teleport like move in the direction he attacks, while raining down spears along the path.
* Thrusting upwards ([[Xiao]] and [[Raiden Shogun]])
** Xiao can lift small enemies into the air with his Charged Attack.

All Polearm Charged Attacks cost 25 Stamina by default.

==Plunge Attacks==
Like the other melee weapons' [[Plunge Attack]]s, a Polearm user's Plunge Attack does AoE damage that is considered heavy damage and can therefore more effectively break objects such as Geo Shields and Ore. While this applies to all melee plunge attacks, this is most easily observed for polearm users when [[Xiao]] casts his [[Bane of All Evil]], as this allows Xiao to naturally jump high enough to repeatedly perform plunge attacks and break the shields on Hilichurls, Mitachurls, Lawachurls, etc. Polearm users' plunge attacks can also be used to mine ores in this way.

All Polearm users so far have a similar animation when plunging, which involves them spinning downward like a drill.

==Polearm Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Polearm Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Polearm Characters|noweapon=1}}

==List of Polearms==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Polearms|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Polearm Bonus Artifacts}}

==Trivia==
*Zhongli's Normal Attack involves him kicking his polearm. Xiao also kicks his polearm, but in the menu screen.
**Rosaria used to kick her polearm in the menu screen, but her animation was updated in [[Version 2.1]] so that she no longer kicks it.
*During the era of [[Mondstadt]]'s nobility, the polearm was viewed as a weapon for "plebian gladiators and commoners", along with the [[Bows|bow]]. The polearm in particular was looked down upon by sword-wielding nobles because they saw the weapon as a potential threat.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Royal Spear}}</ref>
*The first four polearm users in the game (Xiangling, Zhongli, Xiao, Hu Tao) are all from Liyue. Rosaria was the first non-Liyue playable character introduced to use the polearm.
*All human polearm wielders (Xiangling, Hu Tao, Rosaria, Shenhe, Thoma, and Yun Jin) have lunging Charged Attacks, where as all non-human polearm wielders (Raiden Shogun, Zhongli, Xiao) have a more unique Charged Attack animation.
*In Chinese, polearms are called 长柄武器, which literally means "long-handled weapon". They fall into a similar class of weapons as lances, spears, etc.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Polearm
|zhs     = 长柄武器
|zhs_rm  = Chángbǐng Wǔqì
|zht     = 長柄武器
|zht_rm  = Chángbǐng Wǔqì
|zh_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|ja      = 長柄武器
|ja_rm   = Nagae Buki
|ja_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|ko      = 장병기
|ko_rm   = Jangbyeonggi
|ko_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|es      = Lanza
|es_tl   = Spear
|fr      = Arme d'hast
|fr_tl   = Polearm
|ru      = Древковое оружие
|ru_tl   = Pole Weapon
|th      = หอก
|th_rm   = Hok
|th_tl   = Spear
|vi      = Vũ Khí Cán Dài
|vi_tl   = Long-handled Weapon
|de      = Stangenwaffe
|de_tl   = Polearm
|id      = Polearm
|pt      = Lança
|pt_tl   = Spear
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|type=Polearms|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Polearms| ]]

[[uk:Спис]]
[[es:Lanza]]
[[pt-br:Lanças]]
[[ru:Древковое]]
[[vi:Vũ Khí Cán Dài]]