{{Stub|Can the player go ahead and approach the Forest Rangers without investigating Caribert's scarf?}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08012
|image         = Archon Quest Portended Fate.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|act           = Caribert
|actNum        = VI
|part          = 4
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Caribert (NPC); Eide; Paimon; Dainsleif; Traveler; Traveler's Sibling
|startLocation = 
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = 
|prev          = A Lamenter at Fate's End
|next          = Soloist's Prologue
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*775;Primogem*60;Mora*31,175;Guide to Admonition*2;Guide to Ingenuity*2;Guide to Praxis*2;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Portended Fate|chapter=3|act=6|part=4}}

==Steps==
# Enter the cavern again
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Unknown Sanctuary]]
#* If the player leaves the Domain, their quest progress will be reset to this step, and they will be transported to the Domain's entrance in the normal Teyvat map. The Domain can be re-entered from both there, which allows the player to adjust their party as usual, and the special story mode.<!-- there are actually two "Enter the cavern again" steps; the first one's marker is near the Statue of The Seven, and the second one's marker is at the domain entrance; completely unnecessary full details:
- if you leave the domain, you are teleported to the domain's location in the normal Teyvat map, and the quest is effectively reset to the second "Enter the cavern again" step (see last bullet for why it's "effectively")
- if you re-enter the special story mode from the hut, the quest is reset to the first "Enter the cavern again" step even if you were on the second one; leaving the special story mode afterward without entering the domain (both before and after the first time you actually enter the domain) will keep your quest step at whichever one you were at while in the special story mode (keeps you at second one if you advanced there, keeps you at first one if you didn't)
- both "Enter the cavern again" steps can be completed on the normal Teyvat map
- first "Enter the cavern again" step's marker exists in the normal Teyvat map and is thus completable there
- first "Enter the cavern again" step is also completed if you approach the domain entrance from the Chasm side on the normal Teyvat map
-->
# Go to the mysterious statue
# Return to [[Eide]]'s house
# Look for clues outside
# Continue to search for [[Caribert]]
# Talk to the Forest Rangers
# Use the clue to continue searching for Caribert
# Talk to [[Dainsleif]]
# Light the bonfire

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Transclude|Fortune-Mocking Pedigree|Gameplay Notes}}
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Caribert (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The previous events might have been mysterious, but miraculous. Caribert's consciousness has returned, and his mind is whole again. However, might this achievement bear a price yet unknown...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the location of the crystal in the [[Unknown Sanctuary]])
:{{A|vo szaq204 1 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' No, impossible... What happened?
:{{DIcon}} It's gone...
:{{DIcon}} But it was right here...
:{{A|vo szaq204 1 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' The hilichurl worshipers have disappeared, too...
:{{A|vo szaq204 1 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Was it all an illusion?
:{{DIcon}} That seems unlikely...
:{{DIcon}} We couldn't have both seen the exact same illusion.
:{{A|vo szaq204 1 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' That's true... Yes, it can't have been an illusion. I still feel that awesome and wondrous power flowing through my mind and body...
:{{A|vo szaq204 1 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' It was neither illusion, nor coincidence, and certainly no dream! It was a wonder... yes, a divine wonder.
:{{A|vo szaq204 1 eide 06.ogg}} '''Eide:''' ...Let's go, Traveler. There is surely a reason for its disappearance... And I do believe that some day in the future, we shall see it again.
:{{DIcon}} You're turning into a zealot...
:{{DIcon}} Let's just get back.
:{{A|vo szaq204 1 eide 07.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Could he really have been a "[[Sinner]]," and not a god...?
:{{Black Screen|You take Eide, who seems to be in a trance, back to the small house...}}
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert? Where has he gone!?
:{{DIcon}} He's not in here...
:{{DIcon}} Uh-oh...
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Oh no, no, no... Maybe someone else came by and found him?
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' No, no, it can't have been that. There's no sign of a break-in, and no sign of anyone having been here...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he ran off?
:{{DIcon}} But why?
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' This does not bode well. What if he's spotted by a Forest Ranger? Or an adventurer? In his current state, they'd...
:{{DIcon}} Then we have to find him first...
:{{DIcon}} There's no time to lose...
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Wait a minute... This isn't how we left it...
:;(The box on the table is open)
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 06.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Oh no, did he...
:;(A mirror is face-down on the floor)
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 07.ogg}} '''Eide:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 08.ogg}} '''Eide:''' The mirror... It's broken...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Hmm? But... hasn't the mirror been broken this whole time?)
:{{DIcon}} What does the broken mirror mean?
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 09.ogg}} '''Eide:''' He must've taken his mask off... and seen what he looks like beneath it...
:{{A|vo szaq204 2 eide 10.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Ugh, if he'd just done as he was told... We have to find him!

;(Investigate the silk scarf on the crate)
:{{A|vo szaq204 3 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' It's his scarf... he dropped it.
:{{A|vo szaq204 3 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Looks like we're going the right way. Come on.

;(While following the path)
:{{A|vo szaq204 4 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert...! Caribert...! Where are you?
----
;(Approach the Forest Rangers)
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Curses... Forest Rangers.
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 ranger 01.ogg}} '''Forest Ranger:''' Hey! Who are you? We haven't seen you around here before. What's your business here?
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Have you seen a hilichurl? A hilichurl should have come past this way... have you seen it?
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 ranger 02.ogg}} '''Forest Ranger:''' I asked you first... Don't make this more difficult than it needs to be!
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I said... have you seen... a HILICHURL!!!
:{{DIcon}} Eide...
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 ranger 03.ogg}} '''Forest Ranger:''' Hey, whoa... Look, Sir, there's no need to get so worked up...
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 ranger 04.ogg}} '''Forest Ranger:''' There are hilichurls everywhere, what's the big deal? We see plenty of them out here...
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 rangerguard 01.ogg}} '''Ranger Guard:''' Exactly. Matter of fact, we just took out a few of them back there. Those dumb boneheads...
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' You... you...!
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Forest Ranger scum! You spawn of The Seven are all the same! I'll have your heads if you so much as laid a finger on Caribert!
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 ranger 05.ogg}} '''Forest Ranger:''' You...! You're raving mad! You've got some gall, coming here to our nation, insulting the Forest Rangers!
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Curse you all, Forest Rangers...
:{{DIcon}} Stop it, Eide!
:{{DIcon}} Stop. Or the Forest Rangers and I will have to make you.
:{{Black Screen|Both sides calm down for now, thanks to your urging...}}
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 rangerguard 01.ogg}} '''Ranger Guard:''' I don't get it. Why make such a huge fuss over a few hilichurls...? It makes no sense...
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' You...
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' He'd only just regained his mind. How could you do this to him...
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' So tell me, Forest Rangers... Did you really spare none of them? Did you really take out every last hilichurl you saw?
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 rangerguard 02.ogg}} '''Ranger Guard:''' Geez, you're really not gonna let this go... Fine, you weirdo. If you must know, I happened to cross paths with a solitary hilichurl when I left the team to, uh... use the toilet.
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 rangerguard 03.ogg}} '''Ranger Guard:''' I was frightened at first, but it didn't seem to have any interest in me at all. It was just bumbling along, in... that direction. So I left it alone.
:{{DIcon}} There's still hope!
:{{DIcon}} That could well have been Caribert!
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Yes! Wonderful... Wonderful. Let's go! We have to find him!
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 ranger 02.ogg}} '''Forest Ranger:''' Wait, you're leaving? Not even a "Thanks for the info, goodbye"?
----
;(Approach Caribert)
:'''Caribert:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq204 8 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert!
:{{DIcon}} We found him!
:{{A|vo szaq204 8 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert, stop! It's me! It's Papa!
:{{A|vo szaq204 8 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Whatever you saw, it was... it was all a trick! An illusion!
:{{A|vo szaq204 8 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I told you, we're in a fairytale world now, nothing here is real... Please, Caribert, come back... it's time to go back!
:'''Caribert:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq204 8 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert?
:{{DIcon}} He's not responding...
:{{DIcon}} He's relapsed...
:{{A|vo szaq204 8 eide 06.ogg}} '''Eide:''' How could this happen? He regained his mind... He must be able to hear me, surely?
:{{A|vo szaq204 8 eide 07.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Come, Caribert, we have to go home now... Papa's here to take you home, alright?
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, something's not right with him...
:{{DIcon}} What has that strange power done to him?
:'''Caribert:''' ...
;(A cinematic plays)
{{Cutscene Description|Caribert cannot accept the cruel revelation and takes off his mask in utter grief. Then, some immense energy impacts your psyche, and thus, you pass out...}}
:;(Caribert begins to glow with purple energy)
::{{A|vo szaq204 8 cs caribert 01.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Papa...
::{{A|vo szaq204 8 cs eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert...
::{{A|vo szaq204 8 cs caribert 02.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' ...
::{{A|vo szaq204 8 cs caribert 03.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Papa, I can't take it...
::{{A|vo szaq204 8 cs eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Please, Caribert, it's my fault. I'm so sorry... If only I'd known...
::{{A|vo szaq204 8 cs caribert 04.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' It's all... it's all too much, Papa...
:;(Caribert pulls off his mask and purple energy bursts out)
:;(Cinematic ends)
:;(Back in the house)
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' ...Haha, I see, I understand now...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Finally, it all makes sense...
:;(The Traveler awakes and sits up on the bed)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (What happened... did I faint? I remember Caribert taking his mask off, but then...)
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Aha, Traveler, you're awake... Finally, we can rejoice together!
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Wait, no... Why am I still calling you "Traveler"? I have known your true identity for some time now.
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean, "true identity"?
:{{DIcon}} Eide, are you okay?
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Hehehe... I suspected it was you from the beginning! I had to talk to you to be sure.
:{{DIcon}} But I've never met you...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 06.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Oh, of course you haven't. With your status? You can hardly be expected to know all of us.
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 07.ogg}} '''Eide:''' In any case... I've been using a fake name this entire time. "Eide" is the name of a servant I once had...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 08.ogg}} '''Eide:''' My real name is Chlothar...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 09.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' ...[[Chlothar Alberich]].
:{{DIcon}} Alberich!?
:{{DIcon}} You can't be!?
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 10.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' You saw it too, didn't you? Unmistakable... The power inside Caribert and the power of the one you call a "Sinner," it was one and the same...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 11.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' I am positive now... it's the power of the Abyss, isn't it?
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 12.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' At long last, I have seen it with my own eyes...
:{{DIcon}} I didn't see clearly...
:{{DIcon}} What happened to Caribert?
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 13.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' That is no business of yours!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 14.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' A sinner... Yes, salvation for a sinner can only come from a sinner...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 15.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' Caribert did not deserve his fate, but now... It's wonderful &mdash; he will be able to weave his own destiny anew.
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 16.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' Born into abject sorrow, he shall now become...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 17.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' ..."The [[Loom of Fate]]."
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (There's that term again... the "Loom of Fate"...)
:{{DIcon}} You're right about this being from the Abyss...
:{{DIcon}} But the Abyss is sinister and dangerous...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 18.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 19.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' ...Sinister? ...Dangerous?
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 20.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' I never imagined that you, of all people, would deny the Abyss... How ridiculous!
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 21.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' We once believed that you would bring new strength and hope to Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 22.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' To us, you were the Abyss... A wondrous mystery far beyond our imagination and comprehension...
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 23.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' ...And the one who controls the Abyss can control everything!
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 24.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' We yearned for that future. We looked to you to take us there.
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 25.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' But what did you bring us instead?
:{{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 26a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq204 9 eide 26b.ogg}} '''Chlothar:''' O {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}}... of Khaenri'ah?
;(A cinematic plays)
{{Cutscene Description|You are bewildered by how Chlothar just addressed you. You pick up the mirror on the table, only to see the face of your sibling reflected in the shattered glass. Only then do you realize that everything you witnessed previously was the experience of your twin. Then you hear Dainsleif calling from outside the door. It's time for you to wake up.}}
:;(The Traveler stumbles back)
::'''{{Traveler}}:''' What did he just... call me?
:;(The Traveler picks up the mirror from the table only to see their sibling's reflection)
:;(The Traveler, now appearing as their sibling drops the mirror in shock and recalls all the events with Eide as the sibling)
::'''Dainsleif:''' ...Traveler...
::'''Dainsleif:''' ...Hey, Traveler!
:;(The Traveler, still as their sibling, breaks out of their spell and turns to face the door)
::'''Dainsleif:''' Traveler!
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You're awake! Oh, thank goodness, you're awake!
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon was worried sick! ...Uh, {{Traveler}}? {{Traveler}}?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' What happened while you were unconscious?
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I checked the Ley Lines nearby. It appears that the Abyss tampered with them, and they've been in turmoil ever since...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Information and memories flow within the Ley Lines... What did you witness?
:{{DIcon}} The founder of the Abyss Order... Alberich...
:{{DIcon}} What happened to him?
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You mean Chlothar Alberich?
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' After founding the Abyss Order, his faith in the Abyss led him to do a great many things.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But the curse of immortality continued to torment his body and mind, and in the end, neither his faith nor the Abyss he worshiped could save him.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' After a hundred years, he lost his mind completely, and was never seen again.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Yet his dark legacy lived on... The [[Defiled Statue]] that we encountered previously was just one perverse product of his use of Abyssal power during his life.
:{{DIcon}} And despite that...
:{{DIcon}} My {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}} ultimately sided with him, didn't {{MC|m=she|f=he}}?
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 09b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You could say that. {{MC|m=She|f=He}} wouldn't be the Abyss Order's {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}} otherwise.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you alright? You have a troubled look on your face... What happened?
:{{DIcon}} I... have a story to tell you.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{Black Screen|Your words send Dainsleif deep into thought...}}
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 11b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' So, you saw {{MC|m=her|f=his}} memories from centuries ago... through your own eyes. It all but defies belief.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Still, as I'd suspected, the notion of the "Loom of Fate" did indeed rear its head during that time...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And it seems closely connected to Chlothar Alberich's son, Caribert, and what happened to him...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 14a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 14b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And yet your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}} never breathed a word of this incident to me... I wonder, was that the moment that {{MC|m=she|f=he}} decided to go down this path...?
:{{DIcon}} I also wish that I could know...
::{{DIcon}} But one thing is clear:
::{{DIcon}} ...This was not a happy memory.
:{{DIcon}} What {{MC|m=she|f=he}} thought about all of this.
::{{DIcon}} But one thing is clear:
::{{DIcon}} ...This was not a happy memory.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Indeed. Clearly, this series of events sparked a long period of deep contemplation. This... was where it all began.
:{{DIcon}} Yes... Oh, I almost forgot...
:{{DIcon}} There's something I need to check.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' What is it?
:{{DIcon}} I need to know what lies buried in this field.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The field? What does that have to do with anything...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...You mean, here? Well, let's start digging and see.
:{{Black Screen|After some time, you and Dainsleif discover what is buried in the field...}}
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You scared the dook outta Paimon. D&mdash;Did you re-bury them yet?
:{{DIcon}} We're done. You can open your eyes now.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 18.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' A male and female skeleton, buried together...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 19.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Interestingly, the male skeleton appears to have been interred much later... and it's holding a silk scarf in its hand.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 20.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But what does this mean? And how did you know that there were bodies buried here?
:{{DIcon}} I think that the bones of the man...
:{{DIcon}} Belong to Chlothar Alberich.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 21.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' What? That's impossible...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 22.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Unless... Chlothar Alberich finally found a way to rid himself of the curse.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps he did...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 23.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 24.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' This all raises far too many questions... I need time to think. And to search my memories for some missing pieces...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 25.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' We should part ways here.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You're just gonna leave? Why? You could come with us, y'know.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 26.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It's better that we split up for now... I think that "he" might have seen you.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who's "he"?
:{{DIcon}} You mean...
:{{DIcon}} The voice that I heard inside my head?
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 27.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Yes. I have my suspicions as to his identity, but I need to confirm some other details before I can be sure.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 28.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' If the time is right, I will tell you when we next meet.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what do you mean that he "saw" {{Traveler}}? How is that possible?
:{{DIcon}} It was just a memory...
:{{DIcon}} It all happened hundreds of years in the past...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 29.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I fear that while these things would limit anyone else... they are no obstacle to him.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Why? ...What IS he?
:{{DIcon}} A "Sinner"...
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 dainslaif 30.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Alright, let's leave it there. Get some rest... Goodbye.
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There goes Dain. And just like that, it's back to being the two of us again, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, Paimon... one more thing:
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? What is it?
:{{DIcon}} ...I missed you.
:;(The Traveler hugs Paimon)
:{{A|vo szaq204 10 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
:{{A|vo szaq204 5 rangerguard 02.ogg}} '''Ranger Guard:''' There's no talking sense with this guy, let's teach him a lesson!
:{{A|vo szaq204 6 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq204 6 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Eide's out of control. I have to end this fight...
:{{A|vo szaq204 7 ranger 01.ogg}} '''Forest Ranger:''' Don't go thinking this is over! Our superiors are gonna hear of this when we get back to Gandharva Ville!

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
===Translation Notes===
*When Chlothar says ''"...And the one who controls the Abyss can control everything!"'', his original Chinese line specifies that Khaenri'ah hoped to control the Abyss: {{Zh|而坎瑞亚只要掌控了深渊，就能掌控一切！|tl=And as long as Khaenri'ah could control the Abyss, they could control everything!}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Portended Fate
|zhs     = 既已写下的命运
|zhs_rm  = Jìyǐ Xiěxià de Mìngyùn
|zht     = 既已寫下的命運
|zht_rm  = Jìyǐ Xiěxià de Mìngyùn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 既に記された運命
|ja_rm   = Sude ni Shirusareta Unmei{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Destiny Already Written
|ko      = 이미 쓰여진 운명
|ko_tl   = Destiny Already Written
|es      = Nuestro sino está escrito
|es_tl   = Our Fate Is Written
|fr      = Présage du destin
|fr_tl   = Omen of Fate
|ru      = Предначертание судьбы
|ru_tl   = Predestination of Fate
|th      = โชคชะตาที่ถูกขีดเขียนเอาไว้แล้ว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vận Mệnh Đã Được Ghi Lại
|vi_tl   = Written Destiny
|de      = Das geschriebene Schicksal
|de_tl   = The Written Destiny
|id      = Takdir Tertulis
|id_tl   = Written Fate
|pt      = Destino Anunciado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kaderin Alameti
|tr_tl   = Destiny's Sign
|it      = Destino preannunciato
|it_tl   = Foretold Fate
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}

[[es:Nuestro sino está escrito]]
[[ja:既に記された運命]]
[[vi:Vận Mệnh Đã Được Ghi Lại]]