{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Post-Sale Service.png
|npc           = Vahid
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|other         = 
*Grants the achievement [["Sorry for the Trouble!"]] if you collected all 10 mushrooms.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
|requirement   = Requires messing up [[Inazuma Sales Specialist]].
|characters    = Konda Densuke;Traveler;Vahid
|prev          = Inazuma Sales Specialist
}}
'''''Post-Sale Service''''' is the [[commission]] that is given if the player gives [[Konda Densuke]] the wrong instructions during "[[Inazuma Sales Specialist]]."

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Vahid]]
#Talk to [[Konda Densuke]]
#Pull out the Mushrooms in the field
#Talk to Konda Densuke

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest features picking up the quest item [[Fresh Mushroom]].
** Konda Densuke will take any Fresh Mushrooms from your inventory upon completion. The ones remaining will disappear after you finish talking with him.
* The quest can be turned in after 5 fresh mushrooms are picked. However, if all 10 fresh mushrooms are given to Konda Densuke, this will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement [["Sorry for the Trouble!"]].
*It is possible to get this commission multiple times after [[Inazuma Sales Specialist]] before getting the latter again.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Vahid]], the owner of [[Syavushi Bakshesh Shoppe]], seems to have received complaints from a client...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Vahid:''' Oh no... how did this happen?
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Vahid:''' Traveler, I was just looking for you!
:'''Vahid:''' Do you still remember Konda Densuke? He came to the store several days ago, asking about the fertilizers.
:{{DIcon}} Is he satisfied with the fertilizers?
:'''Vahid:''' I wouldn't put it in those terms. Strictly speaking, I think Mr. Konda Densuke is feeling lost.
:{{DIcon}} Lost?
:'''Vahid:''' Well, here's the thing. After your previous promotion, Mr. Densuke did use our fertilizers according to your instructions.
:'''Vahid:''' However, although the crops did grow well, at the same time... a lot of mushrooms came out of nowhere...
:'''Vahid:''' To be honest, after Mr. Konda told me about it, I am also feeling a bit lost.
:'''Vahid:''' But anyway, it definitely has something to do with the fertilizers.
:'''Vahid:''' Traveler, could you please go to Konda Village and help Mr. Konda clear those mushrooms out of his fields?
:{{DIcon}} You can count on me.
::'''Vahid:''' That I will. I will be doing some research in the store to see what exactly caused this...
::'''Vahid:''' *sigh* If only Alrani were here. She would definitely have found the cause already.
:{{DIcon}} How about we ask Alrani to work on this issue?
::'''Vahid:''' If she was here, we would have figured it out quite quickly.
::'''Vahid:''' But she hasn't returned yet, and I have no idea where she went.
::'''Vahid:''' I can only count on you, Traveler. I will be doing some research in the store to see what exactly caused this...
----
;(Talk to Konda Densuke)
:'''Konda Densuke:''' What is the matter with these mushrooms...
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to clear the mushrooms!
:{{DIcon}} Sorry for the trouble!
::'''Konda Densuke:''' Oh, the mushrooms? Well, there's no shortage of them on my dining table, that's for sure.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Were you sent by Mr. Vahid to help me clear them away?
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Hmm, then they're all yours. There are way too many mushrooms in the field. It's not a job for an old timer like me.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' How could these mushrooms have grown so fast...
;(Fresh Mushrooms spawn in the field)

;(Talk to Konda Densuke again)
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Why did these mushrooms grow so quickly?
----
;(After picking up 5 mushrooms)
:'''Paimon:''' That should be all of them, right?
;(After picking up 10 mushrooms)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, looks like that's that!
----
;(Talk to Konda Densuke)
:'''Konda Densuke:''' Have you cleared them all?
;(If only 5-9 mushrooms were collected)
::{{DIcon}} All the mushrooms are here.
::'''Konda Densuke:''' That's all? I remember there being a lot more. Did you really clear them all out?
::'''Konda Densuke:''' Anyway, you have my appreciation, youngster. Take this as payment.
;(If all 10 mushrooms were collected)
::{{DIcon}} Got all the mushrooms right here.
::'''Konda Densuke:''' There were so many mushrooms, but looks like you did get them all.
::'''Konda Densuke:''' Thank you, youngster. I really don't know what I would do without your help. Take this as a token of my gratitude.
:'''Konda Densuke:''' I have to say that these fertilizers are quite amazing. The mushrooms grew so quickly. If only they could help the crops grow this fast as well...
:'''Konda Densuke:''' When I've got the time, I will surely come buy some more and try them out...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Post-Sale Service
|zhs     = 售后服务
|zhs_rm  = Shòu Hòu Fúwù
|zht     = 售後服務
|zht_rm  = Shòu Hòu Fúwù
|zh_tl   = After-Sales Service
|ja      = アフターサービス
|ja_rm   = Afutaa saabisu
|ja_tl   = After Service
|ko      = 애프터 서비스
|ko_rm   = Aepeuteo Seobiseu
|ko_tl   = After Service
|es      = Servicio posventa
|es_tl   = After-Sale Service
|fr      = Service après-vente
|fr_tl   = After-Sale Service
|ru      = Обслуживание после продажи
|ru_tl   = After-Sales Service
|th      = บริการหลังการขาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = After-Sale Service
|vi      = Dịch Vụ Hậu Mãi
|vi_tl   = After-Sales Service
|de      = Der Kunde ist König
|de_tl   = The Customer Is King
|id      = Layanan Pasca-Penjualan
|id_tl   = Post-Sale Service
|pt      = Serviço Pós-venda
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Satış Sonrası Hizmet
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Servizio post vendita
|it_tl   = Post Sale Service
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}