{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Potions Most Potent
|id            = 40144
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Potions Most Potent.png -->
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Alchemical Ascension
|chapter       = Alchemy and Business Operations
|act           = Potions Most Potent
|actNum        = I
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
* [[Adventure Rank]] 20 or above			
* Complete [[Archon Quest]] [[Prologue]]: Act III "[[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]"
|characters    = Freda; Lisa; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|poi           = Knights of Favonius Headquarters
|next          = A Breakthrough in Craft (Quest)
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Alchemical Ascension]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Potions Most Potent''''' is an [[Event Quest]] and the only quest in {{Quest|Potions Most Potent}}.

==Steps==
# Talk to Lisa
# Go to the shop
# Try brewing a potion
# Try to sell your product
# End the current operation cycle
# Talk to Lisa
# Try to cultivate ingredients
# Talk to Lisa
# Talk to Freda

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Lisa seems to be busy with something... for once.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Obtain quest)
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while since we last visited the Knights of Favonius! Paimon wonders what Jean and Lisa have been up to recently. Let's go pay them a visit!

;(Approach Lisa's desk)
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh, it's you, cutie! To what do I owe the honor of your visit?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Are you here to peruse the library? Or, perhaps you're here to visit a certain someone...
:{{DIcon}} We're here to see you, of course.
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 03a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, as considerate as ever, I see.
:{{DIcon}} We were just passing through...
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 03b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And decided to stop by for a chat along the way?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Alas, what rotten luck... You just so happen to have caught me in the middle of some important work. I'll have to treat you to afternoon tea some other time.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're actually busy... with work? That's not a sight you see every day...
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Haha, you're right. The last time I was this consumed with research must have been way back at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I haven't done this much thinking for a long time. It's rather exhausting.
:{{DIcon}} Are you writing a thesis?
:{{DIcon}} Are you working on a research project?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, if you're that interested, why don't you join in on the fun?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' What do you say? Want to help me relive my days as a scholar?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not polite to pawn off your work on other people, you know!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Is that a no then, {{Traveler}}? It would be quite the rare opportunity to work together... And you would, of course, be generously rewarded. But, if you don't want to...
:{{DIcon}} I'm all ears.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hear the details first.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' As you probably know, the Knights of Favonius have long conducted research on alchemy.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 11.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But, most of that research has been carried out in a laboratory setting. The public's knowledge of alchemy is quite minimal.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 12.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Which means that up to this point, most of our research and discoveries have remained quite distant from people's daily lives. We've put a lot of Mora into the research, but have very little to show for our efforts.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 13.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Noting this disconnect, Jean decided to start an initiative where we'd share the fruits of our labor with the people. For now, that means introducing them to several different kinds of alchemical potions.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 14.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' As it happens, I already have some experience with this work. Even though I usually work at the library, I have lent my support in the past to the management of the Knights' potion supply.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 15.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Potioneering was also one of my academic specializations back in the day, so Jean thought I was the best person for the job.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 16.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But, to create potions practical enough to support the daily needs of the people, a lot of adjustments had to be made to the ingredients we use, and the overall alchemical process also needed to be simplified...
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 17.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' All in all, what started as a relatively simple research project soon evolved into something exceedingly complicated.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, are you asking us to help you with your research? 'Cause, uh, you're not exactly talking to two alchemy experts over here...
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 18.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, no worries. I've already thought of the perfect job for you two.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 19.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Alchemical practices are becoming more and more advanced, but there's still a disconnect between our research and the general public. What we really need is to collect feedback from the people. Otherwise, we won't truly know if we're satisfying their needs.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 20.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But, if we want to conduct research and collect feedback at the same time, we need to go about things in a more efficient way.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 21.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So, I thought the best way to do that would be to open up a potion shop! That way, we could continue to handle the alchemy side of things while also being able to interface with the public and understand their needs.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! It's like killing two pigeons with one stone! Smart idea, Lisa!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 22.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, of course! And who better to take on this job than one of the most accomplished among our ranks... {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 23.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' When I was at the Akademiya, students would often help out with each other's research projects.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 24.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I'm sure my cuties wouldn't want to miss out on the opportunity to experience that sort of youthful enthusiasm for themselves.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... You make it sound nice and all, but Paimon still thinks you're just looking for a way to pawn off your work...
:{{DIcon}} We can just think of it as a favor for Lisa.
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 25a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, I knew I could count on you!
:{{DIcon}} I'm always down for a bit of a challenge.
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 25b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hah, I like your enthusiasm!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 26.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' When all our work is done, I will personally see to it that you're generously rewarded.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 2 lisa 27.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' All of the initial preparations have been made, so let's head to the shop. We'll finish our discussion after we get there.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Go to the location Lisa has chosen to open the shop.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the shop location)
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' This is the shop.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Looks like you've made a lot of preparations already! Did you do all this by yourself?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It was a group effort. A whole bunch of knights helped out.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Jean secured the initial funds to open the shop. Albedo and Sucrose provided the ingredients and equipment needed to brew the potions.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And the Logistics Company is handling the provision of all future supplies.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Now with your help, it's like an additional weight has been lifted off my shoulders.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The Knights have been busy spreading the word about our shop over the past few days. So, we should be ready to open once we've finished our final preparations.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 3 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Okay, let's not keep everyone waiting, then. Why don't you take these ingredients and try your hand at brewing a potion?

::'''Lisa:''' Your alchemical journey has begun. Use your ingredients and a little inspiration to make some fresh new concoctions.
::'''Rewards:'''<br>{{Card List|delim=;|icon_right_type=Alchemical Ascension Efficacy|1=<!--
-->Special Calla Lily*10{icon_right_name=Constitution};<!--
-->Special Jueyun Chili*10{icon_right_name=Strength};<!--
-->Special Mushroom (Alchemical Ascension)*10{icon_right_name=Balanced};<!--
-->}}
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Use the ingredients Lisa gave you to brew a potion.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' All you need to do is add the ingredients into the cauldron, follow the steps provided, and you're good to go.

;(After concocting the potion)
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 5 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Ooh, looks like you finished your potion! Now, all we need to do is put it on display for sale.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Stock your potion on the shelf.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Why don't you put your potion on that shelf over there?

;(After placing the potion into the Potion Stock)
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we're done with all the prep work! Why don't we take a short break over there while we wait for customers to arrive?

;(Talk to Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh, you're finished already? Guess it's time to start advertising the grand opening of our shop! I'll tell the knights to start putting up the announcements right away.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Wait for guests in the lounge.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(End Operation Cycle at the table)<!-- displays a "Financial Report" on screen -->
::'''Financial Report'''
::Cycle 1
::'''Paimon:''' Pay close attention to the financial reports and see which potions are selling better. That way, we can figure out just which potions are the most in demand...
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Ooh, seems like everything is going well. You've already sold your first batch of potions. Not a bad start at all.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' As for what potions you should brew next, we'll need to consult the news from the market.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' That means staying up to date on the latest news and trends to try and anticipate people's needs. It's an essential skill when it comes to business.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, that sounds kinda hard...
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe... Don't worry. I already took it upon myself to compile all the latest news on the market for you.
::'''Market News'''
::Cycles 2 - 4
::Good Hunter is coming up with new dishes for adventurers who love {{Color|BP|battling}}.
::The owner of a Mondstadt flower shop is looking to have their fresh flowers {{Color|BP|grow}} more lushly and extend the time they are in bloom.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' What do you think? Have any ideas on the kinds of potions you should sell next?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Go ahead and try to cultivate some herbs then. Bio-alchemical processing can infuse herbs with different effects and properties.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Using different herbs in the brewing process will, in turn, alter the effects of the potion. There's a whole bunch of combinations to try.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 9 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Alright cutie, why don't you get started?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Try to cultivate new ingredients based on the latest market data.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Go ahead and try to cultivate some herbs.

;(After cultivating the plants)
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 11 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Seems like you've gotten the hang of the cultivation side of things.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 11 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Ah, I should probably mention, a knight from the Logistics Company has arrived. She'll be the one handling the provision of all future supplies. You should go have a chat with her in a little bit.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 11 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And after that, it'll be your time to shine!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, what about you?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Shouldn't it be our time to shine? Y'know, the three of us? What about your role in all this?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 11 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' My role? Naturally, it was to ensure my cuties had all the business and alchemy knowledge they needed to succeed!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 11 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Okay, I'll be rooting for you! Good luck!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knew this would happen...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The knight from the Logistics Company seems to have brought new supplies. Go have a quick chat with her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Have a question for me, cutie?
:{{DIcon}} About brewing potions...
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 06a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' All you need to do is add the ingredients into the cauldron, follow the steps provided, and you're good to go.
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 06a 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Using different herbs in the brewing process will, in turn, alter the effects of the potion. There's a whole bunch of combinations to try.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About cultivating herbs...
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 06b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Bio-alchemical processing can infuse herbs with different effects and properties. The type of potion you want to brew will determine what kinds of herbs you need to cultivate.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the market...
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 06c 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You'll need to consult the news of the market to determine what kinds of potions to brew.
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 06c 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I already took the liberty of compiling the latest details on the market for you. You can find the information I collected right by those shelves over there.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I have no more questions.
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq001b lisa 06d 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, if there's anything else you want to ask, don't hesitate to come and find me.

;(Talk to Freda)
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 01b.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Greetings, Honorary Knight! Greetings, Paimon! My name is Freda. I'm a knight from the Logistics Company. It's such an honor to meet the famous {{Traveler}} and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} loyal attendant!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo jyeq001b 12 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon's fame is really spreading across the land, hehe! One small correction though. Paimon's {{MC|m=his|f=her}} companion, not {{MC|m=his|f=her}} attendant!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 02.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Ah, my apologies. I guess I got a bit carried away after hearing all about your exploits. It's just like something out of a novel!
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 03.ogg}} '''Freda:''' You're practically legends at this point. I'm a bit jealous, actually...
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 04.ogg}} '''Freda:''' I'd love to wander the land in search of adventure like one of those knights you read about in stories! Seems like a really fun life.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you'll get the chance one day!
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 05a 1.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Yeah! That's what I'm hoping, at least!
:{{DIcon}} It's not actually all fun and games.
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 05b 1.ogg}} '''Freda:''' I bet. The knights in the stories are always running into all sorts of danger...
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 06.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Anyway, we've got some prep work to wrap up, right?
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 07.ogg}} '''Freda:''' My orders from the Acting Grand Master are to support your business in any way I can.
:{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 08.ogg}} '''Freda:''' If there's anything you need, just let me know!
:{{DIcon|Alchemical Ascension Supplies}} Purchase supplies...<!-- needs special icon -->
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 09a 1.ogg}} '''Freda:''' You're in luck! I just got a new batch of provisions! Please take a look and see if anything catches your eye!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo jyeq001b 12 freda 09b 1.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Best of luck with your business!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Potions Most Potent}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Poções Muito Potentes (Missão)]]