{{Act Infobox
|image          = Alchemical Ascension Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Alchemical Ascension
|chapter        = Alchemy and Business Operations
|actNum         = I
|actType        = None
|next           = A Breakthrough in Craft
|ARReq          = 20
}}
'''Potions Most Potent''' is the first part of the [[Alchemical Ascension]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Potions Most Potent (Quest)|Potions Most Potent]]

==Summary==
;Potions Most Potent

The Traveler and Paimon decided to pay a visit to the headquarters of [[Knights of Favonius]]. Inside the Knights of Favonius library, they meet [[Lisa]] who is currently planning and figuring out how to run an upcoming event to showcase the Knights of Favonius' alchemical research to the public as well gathering the public's feedback. Deciding on opening a potion shop, Lisa enlists the Traveler and Paimon's help to run the shop. They agree and everyone goes to check out the potion shop.

Arriving at the venue, the potion shop has already been set up by the Knights of Favonius. Lisa invites the Traveler to try brewing a potion. Lisa then asks the Knights to promote the grand opening of the potion shop. After selling their first batch of potions, Lisa advises them to regularly check out the market trend before proceeding with the next batch of potions. Afterwards, Lisa shows them how to cultivate herbs to gather more ingredients for the potion-making.

After cultivating the herbs, Lisa tells the Traveler and Paimon to talk with a Knight from the Logistics Company, [[Freda]], who is handling the provision of all future supplies. Having heard of the Traveler and Paimon's heroic story, Freda excitedly introduced herself to them and explains that the [[Jean|Acting Grand Master]] ordered her to support their business. She invites them to check out the newest batch of provisions.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Potions Most Potent
|zhs     = 神奇药剂
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 神奇藥劑
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 不思議なポーション
|ja_rm   = Fushigi-na Pooshon
|ja_tl   = Marvelous Potions
|ko      = 신기한 포션
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Pociones místicas
|es_tl   = Mystical Potions
|fr      = Potions de potentiel
|fr_tl   = Potions of Potential
|ru      = Чудесные зелья
|ru_tl   = Miracle Potions
|th      = โพชั่นวิเศษ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thuốc Giả Kim Thần Kỳ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wundersame Tränke
|de_tl   = Wondrous Potions
|id      = Ramuan Paling Mujarab
|id_tl   = The Most Effective Potion
|pt      = Poções Muito Potentes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = En Güçlü İksirler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pozioni portentose
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[es:Pociones místicas]]
[[pt-br:Poções Muito Potentes]]
[[ru:Чудесные зелья (задание)]]