{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22011
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Prayer in Progress.png
|npc           = Maki
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)
|characters    = Maki; Traveler
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Prayer in Progress...''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Maki]]
#Go to the roof to clean up (0/3)
#Talk to Maki

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest features picking up the quest item [[Damaged Note]] or [[Illegible Fortune Slip]].
** Maki will take the Damaged Notes / Illegible Fortune Slip from your inventory upon completion.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Maki]] from the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Faction)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] seems to have something on her mind...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Maki)
:'''Maki:''' Ugh... who on earth is spreading this rumor?...
:{{DIcon}} What rumor?
:'''Maki:''' About the fortune slips at the shrine.
:'''Maki:''' You know what fortune slips are, right? To put it simply, they are a form of astrology done by drawing lots.
:'''Maki:''' You can reveal some simple fortunes from the wording on the slip you get.
:'''Maki:''' If you get a good sign, great. But people usually leave the bad signs at the shrine to rid themselves of the bad fortune.
:'''Maki:''' But... a rumor has somehow spread that if you throw the bad slips to the top of the tree, your bad luck will be dispelled by the archon.
:'''Maki:''' Here's the funniest part: some people even think that the higher you throw it, the faster the good luck will come and the faster the bad luck will dissipate. What nonsense!
:'''Maki:''' As the rumors got more and more outrageous, people have started throwing Mora up the tree, too!
:'''Maki:''' It's said that if the Mora you threw gets stuck in the branches, that means that your prayer has been accepted. Not only will your wish come true, but you will also enjoy good luck for a whole year.
:{{DIcon}} Is that true?
::'''Maki:''' Of course not! Let's put aside whether individual prayers can be heard or not... throwing Mora is just way off. Besides, Mora all look the same, don't they?
::'''Maki:''' Are they expecting the archon to pick up the Mora one by one to figure out who they are from?
:{{DIcon}} Can't we just clear the air to solve the problem?
::'''Maki:''' There are too many people doing it now. I don't think I can convince everyone...
:'''Maki:''' I understand that they want to pray for blessings, but... throwing things up there won't get them any.
:'''Maki:''' Besides, it all falls down once the wind kicks up.
:'''Maki:''' I've tried to clean the tree up by myself, but I'm not very athletic. Not only did I fail to clean it up, but I got stuck for a long time and couldn't get down...
:'''Maki:''' But I can't just leave it unattended... Traveler, could you help me go up the roof to clean up a little?
:{{DIcon}} No problem. Leave it to me.
::'''Maki:''' Well, I'm counting on you then, Traveler. Go to the roof and clean it up, and if you get any fortune slips, please bring them to me.
:{{DIcon}} What will you do with them?
::'''Maki:''' Well... Ms. Hotomi says that no matter what, those are the fortunes that people sought.
::'''Maki:''' It would be inappropriate to just throw them away. So I'll put them where they belong once they are collected.
::'''Maki:''' *sigh* If everyone had followed the rules from the beginning, we wouldn't have so much trouble...
::'''Maki:''' Well, I'm counting on you then, Traveler. Go to the roof and clean it up, and if you get any fortune slips, please bring them to me.

;(Talk to Maki again, optional)
:'''Maki:''' Seriously, why do people believe in rumors that don't make sense if you just thought about them for a second?
----
;(Talk to Maki after collecting all three fortune slips)
:'''Maki:''' You're done, then?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:'''Maki:''' Thank you very much. Leave the fortune slips to me and I'll hang them up in the right place.
:'''Maki:''' Please take these as thanks for your help.
:'''Maki:''' I understand that people are desperate to get rid of bad luck and to get good luck...
:'''Maki:''' But I think that if they really want to solve their problems, their own actions will be more effective than fortune slips.
:'''Maki:''' How do they expect the gods to offer help if they don't take any action themselves...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/uhJFQE6k8Ew
|caption1 = 
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Prayer in Progress...
|zhs      = 众人祈祷中…
|zhs_rm   = Zhòngrén Qídǎo Zhōng...
|zht      = 眾人祈禱中…
|zht_rm   = Zhòngrén Qídǎo Zhōng...
|zh_tl    = People Are Praying...
|ja       = 祈りを捧げる…
|ja_rm    = Inori wo Sasageru...
|ja_tl    = Saying a Prayer...
|ko       = 기도 중인 사람들…
|ko_tl    = Praying Peoples...
|es       = Rezando a los dioses
|es_tl    = Praying to the Gods
|fr       = Prière en cours...
|fr_tl    = Prayer in Progress...
|ru       = Во время молитвы...
|ru_tl    = During Prayer...
|th       = เสียงอธิษฐานของฝูงชน...
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = Prayers of the Crowd...
|vi       = Mọi Người Đang Cầu Nguyện...
|vi_tl    = Everyone Is Praying...
|de       = Fortschreitendes Gebet
|de_tl    = Progressing Prayer
|id       = Sedang Berdoa...
|id_tl    = Praying...
|pt       = Nas Orações de Todos...
|pt_tl    = In Everyone's Prayers...
|tr       = Dikkat Ayin Var
|tr_tl    = Attention Prayer in Progress
|it       = Preghiera...
|it_tl    = Prayer...
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}

[[es:Rezando a los dioses]]
[[pt-br:Nas Orações de Todos...]]
[[ru:Во время молитвы...]]