{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Pre-Banquet of the Contenders.png
|set   = Obsidian Codex
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A vessel that seems to have been made by twisting and forming stone in a seemingly whimsical fashion. But it is an open question as to who possesses such strength...}}
'''Pre-Banquet of the Contenders''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Obsidian Codex]].

==Description==
In the age where the [[Natlan|burning realm]]'s horns resounded never-ending, where heroes fought each other for conquest,<br><!--
-->Many stories transpired that were never recorded or eulogized in any human history.<br><br><!--
-->When the [[Masters of the Night-Wind|priests of smoke and mist]] lit bonfires tall enough to block out the sun and offered the blood of other species to their valiant ancestors and invisible deities;<br><!--
-->When the hero who had drawn from the flame rode a tamed [[Saurian|beast]] to the fortress built from massive stones through the guidance of the tribal [[Wayob]];<br><!--
-->When the reptiles that dwelled within a [[Chichen Uctokah|city]] so ancient that none knew its builders scaled its twisted towers in terror,<br><!--
-->Only the [[Kukulkan|wisest among dragons]] stood within the stagnant void, a silent observer of the grand, drawn-out tragedy.<br><br><!--
-->Though the [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|envoy of dusk]] was not part of its plan, the path of "evolution" did not thus deviate,<br><!--
-->And through careful selection and cultivation, the tribal heroes it had nurtured had ascended to the stage of competition between all parties.<br><!--
-->It believed that the [[Och-Kan|strongest amongst them]] would become the hero who would rule all human tribes dwelling atop the black stone.<br><!--
-->In his name, they would make a covenant, raise a banner of the blazing sun, and march upon the city of deep wells, that even [[God|gods]] had yet to conquer.<br><br><!--
-->On that day, the [[Xiuhcoatl|living corpse]] on the throne would spit forth flame that could stain the sky red, and the new king would receive the primal fire as a tribute due them for [[Seven Sovereigns|ascension]].<br><!--
-->On that day, the dragons would once more bow before the overlord of two worlds, and the knowledge of countless years of civilization would be open to him.<br><!--
-->For it knew that the [[Abyss|foes in the shadows]] were not far off. Indeed, they still hid in the [[Night Kingdom|night]]'s deepest depths, waiting to strike a final blow.<br><!--
-->For it knew that neither the [[Heavenly Principles|gods in their heavens]] nor the [[Nibelung|high king among dragons]] would suffice &mdash; all knowledge and strength had to be gathered before that day came.<br><br><!--
-->Only by this could his stubborn kin awaken from the ancient, shattered dreams of a decrepit king.<br><!--
-->Only by this could the ancient civilization welcome suitable successors and find its footing once more on the earth.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Pre-Banquet of the Contenders
|zhs      = 纷争的前宴
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 紛爭的前宴
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 紛争の前夜
|ja_rm    = Funsou no Zen'ya
|ja_tl    = Evening Before the Conflict
|ko       = 분쟁 전의 연회
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Tentempié de la Disputa
|es_tl    = Appetizer of Contention
|fr       = Pré-banquet des concurrents
|fr_tl    = Pre-Banquet of the Competitors
|ru       = Банкет перед состязанием
|ru_tl    = Banquet Before the Completion
|th       = Pre-Banquet of the Contenders
|vi       = Bữa Tiệc Trước Chiến Tranh
|vi_tl    = Pre-Banquet of the War
|de       = Festmahl vor dem Streit
|de_tl    = Banquet Before the Fight
|id       = Pre-Banquet of the Contenders
|pt       = Pré-Banquete dos Desafiantes
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yarışma Öncesi Ziyafet
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Rinfresco dei contendenti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Obsidian Codex}}

[[fr:Pré-banquet des concurrents]]
[[ja:紛争の前夜]]
[[th:Pre-Banquet of the Contenders]]
[[uk:Банкет претендентів]]
[[vi:Bữa Tiệc Trước Chiến Tranh]]
[[zh:紛爭的前宴]]