{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11004
|image         = Domain Secret Ingredient.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trulla Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 5
|act           = Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip
|character     = Xiangling
|description   = [[Xiangling]] took a keen interest in the rumor that the ruins contain a gigantic [[Cryo Regisvine]], and ran inside to investigate. Worried about her safety, you quickly follow the impetuous chef.
|startLocation = [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Lucky Find
|next          = Cooking Showdown
|exp           = 225
|mora          = 8,475
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|10}}
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler;Xiangling
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Present From the Past''' is the fifth part of [[Xiangling]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Trulla Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip]].

==Steps==
# Catch up to [[Xiangling]] in the [[Secret Ingredient (Domain)|ruins]]
# Go into the depths of the ruins in search of ingredients
# Talk to Xiangling

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Catch up to Xiangling in the ruins)
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Slow down! It's dangerous in here.
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Ingredients don't stay fresh for long!
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' We need to get going before they expire!
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeesh, she's quite the fighter...
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems foraging for ingredients takes more than just luck.

;(Defeating the Cryo Slimes)
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! Look over there, (Traveler)! The icicles up ahead are falling!
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, let's be careful not to get hit... It will definitely hurt.

;(Upon reaching the Cryo Regisvine)
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Ah, this must be it!
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's huge!
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, this is perfect! Come to me, my little treasure!
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Whoa! My ingredients are attacking me!
:{{A|vo xllq005 2 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Traveler, help me put him in his place!

;(Defeating the Cryo Regisvine)
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 01b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' ♪ Got myself a Cryo Regisvine, cook it up for dinner time... ♪
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ♪ Even better if it's paired with a bit of swine... ♪
:{{DIcon}} Stop encouraging her!
::{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 02a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Lighten up a little! What in the world could bring more joy than finding rare ingredients?
:{{DIcon}} ♪ Wash 'em down with a glass of wine... ♪
::{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 02b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee... Your version just ruins it.
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Wait, there's something else here too!
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This must be the boar the hunter was chasing.
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon's never seen one with this pattern before.
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Where have I seen this before? Hmm... Aha! It was in the "[[Historia Naturalis Liyue]]"!
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' This pattern is unmistakable. It belongs to a breed of boar that went extinct 300 years ago!
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! How is this one still alive after so long!?
:{{DIcon}} Accidental cryopreservation?
::{{A|vo xllq005 3 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could be...
:{{DIcon}} Won the genetic lottery?
::{{A|vo xllq005 3 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's pretty sure that's not really possible...
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I read that this boar was hunted to extinction because its meat was so highly prized.
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 07b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Cryo Regisvine and extinct boar. Not one, but two priceless treasures!
:{{DIcon}} This'll be our winning ticket.
:{{A|vo xllq005 3 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Right. Now let's get back to Springvale!
{{dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Differences between voice lines and their official transcription:
** Xiangling and Paimon sing slightly different lines.
*** Transcription: "♪ Got myself a Cryo Regisvine, cook it up so mighty fine... ♪" "♪ Pair it with a bit of swine... ♪"
*** Voiced (sung): "Got myself a Cryo sign, cook it up for dinner time..." "Even better if it's paired with a bit of swine!"
* The three lines sung by Xiangling, Paimon, and the traveler seem to be localized in one of two ways, depending on the language:
** As a general sing-song chant of "Cryo Regisvine, Cryo Regisvine, delicious Cryo Regisvine..." "Cryo Regisvine!" "Cryo Regisvine!"
*** Languages include but are not limited to Chinese, Japanese, Korean
** As a rhyming song describing a meal (possibly matching the English localization: cooking up a Cryo Regisvine for dinner, add some swine/boar meat, add wine)
*** Languages include but are not limited to English, Spanish, French

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1 = https://youtu.be/mHkSnRcWyZM
|caption1 = Secret Ingredient Domain Guide (3 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Present From the Past
|zhs     = 远古的馈赠
|zhs_rm  = Yuǎngǔ de Kuìzèng
|zht     = 遠古的饋贈
|zht_rm  = Yuǎngǔ de Kuìzèng
|zh_tl   = Ancient Gift
|ja      = 遥か昔の贈り物
|ja_rm   = Haruka Mukashi no Okurimono
|ja_tl   = Gift From the Distant Past
|ko      = 고대의 선물
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Recompensas antiguas
|es_tl   = Ancient Rewards
|fr      = Cadeau de l'ancienne époque
|fr_tl   = Present From Ancient Times
|ru      = Древние сокровища
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = รางวัลโบราณ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Món Quà Viễn Cổ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gabe aus alter Zeit
|de_tl   = Gift From the Old Time
|id      = Hadiah dari Masa Lalu
|id_tl   = Present From the Past
|pt      = Recompensas Antigas
|pt_tl   = Ancient Rewards
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}