{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20023
|type          = Commission
|image         = Presumption_Innoscence.png
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Victoria
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Charles; Nimrod; Paimon; Traveler; Victoria; Quinn
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Presumption of Innocence''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Victoria|Sister Victoria]].
#Find [[Nimrod]].
#*There are multiple versions of this step, and some steps are added based on the version you get.
#*Version 1: [[Charles]]
#*#Examine the mug for evidence.
#*#Talk to [[Charles]]
#*Version 2: [[Quinn]]
#*# Listen in to Quinn and Nimrod's conversation.
#Report back to Sister Victoria

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sister [[Victoria]] seems to be thinking about something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Victoria)
:'''Victoria:''' I wonder if he will finally repent this time...
:{{DIcon}} Repent from what?
:'''Victoria:''' Lots of people come here every day to confess their sins and seek forgiveness from the gods.
:'''Victoria:''' But if you only say it and don't act on it, don't you think that's a waste of time?
:'''Victoria:''' Take Nimrod for instance. He has come here to confess to his alcohol abuse numerous times, but he hasn't changed one bit...
:'''Victoria:''' If you have time, maybe you could go and check up on him?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Victoria:''' Oh &mdash; and if he is drinking again, please bring some evidence back.
::'''Victoria:''' Sometimes, serial offenders need a little instruction to help them correct their error of their ways
:{{DIcon}} Is drinking a sin, then?
::'''Victoria:''' Drinking alone is not a sin. But it is sinful to drink to the point that you bring undue distress to others.
::'''Victoria:''' If everyone was to behave quite so unscrupulously, sooner or later the entirety of Mondstadt would find itself in a very distressing situation.
::'''Victoria:''' So each time a sin rears its ugly head, it needs to be nipped in the bud. Now, quickly, go check up on Nimrod for me.

;(Talk to Victoria again)
:'''Victoria:''' People don't tend to learn the lessons that their past can teach them unless... Unless somebody points it out to them directly.

===Charles' Version===
;(Talk to Nimrod)
:'''Nimrod:''' Hahaha, this is the one I look forward to every day...
:{{DIcon}} I thought you quit drinking?
:'''Nimrod:''' Argh! Oh, you gave me a fright... I thought it was my wife.
:'''Nimrod:''' The odd one now and then doesn't hurt anybody! I did have a tough day's work today...
:'''Nimrod:''' Alright I get it! I'll finish off this one and head back. Eury will probably have finished shopping now anyway.
----
;(After talking to Nimrod)
:'''Paimon:''' *Tut-tut* Simply no attempt to change his ways whatsoever...
:'''Paimon:''' Victoria said we need evidence. Let's look around.
----
;(Investigate the mugs on Nimrod's table)
:{{DIcon}} Check Mug
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like he's on a roll... So much for the odd one now and then!
:'''Paimon:''' But Paimon doubts we can take the mug as evidence.
----
;(Talk to Charles)
:'''Charles:''' Hello? Can I help?
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Nimrod.
:'''Charles:''' He's been here drinking for hours. Look, here's his tab.
:'''Charles:''' If he keeps this up, we'll have to call in Eury.
:'''Charles:''' You want to borrow it? I suppose there's no harm in that &mdash; but what do you need it for?
----
;(After talking to Charles)
:'''Paimon:''' This seems like solid evidence. Let's take it back to Victoria.
----
;(Report back to Victoria)
:'''Victoria:''' Have you checked up on him yet?
:{{DIcon}} This is Nimrod's bill from the tavern.
:'''Victoria:''' Hmph. Just as I thought, he's at it again.
:'''Victoria:''' People will forget everything that's happened in their past unless they've really had to suffer for it...
:'''Victoria:''' Please take this as payment for your trouble.
:'''Victoria:''' As for Nimrod's payback... I will mull it over.

===Quinn's Version===
;(Upon approaching Nimrod and Quinn)
:'''Quinn:''' I'm packing up soon &mdash; do you want to get a drink?
:'''Nimrod:''' I do! ...But, I can't. I've quit drinking.
:'''Quinn:''' Oh Really? What on earth happened?
:'''Nimrod:''' My wife, Eury, she... Never mind, the point is I've quit and that's that. I'm sorry.
:'''Quinn:''' Okay. It's not a bad thing, I can go and have one on my own... Hehehe, guess I won't see you there!
:'''Nimrod:''' Enough! Just go already, if you get there late you'll have to settle for the dregs of the dandelion wine. And I have to go and buy something for my wife.
----
;(While returning to Victoria)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, Nimrod isn't getting wasted at a tavern today after all...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's report back to Victoria.
:'''Paimon:''' But I wonder why Victoria didn't ask for any proof of his sobriety?
----
;(Report back to Victoria)
:'''Victoria:''' Have you checked up on him yet?
:{{DIcon}} Nimrod is sober as a judge.
:'''Victoria:''' ...Really? He's sober?
:{{DIcon}} Unfortunately there's no evidence...
:'''Victoria:''' That's okay. So long as you found no evidence of him drinking, I am content to believe he is a changed man.
:'''Victoria:''' Until I am given evidence to the contrary, I am always willing to believe in a person's innocence.
:'''Victoria:''' But when there's mountains of evidence telling of all kinds of misdemeanors... It really is funny.
:'''Victoria:''' Please take this to pay you back for your trouble. I hope I don't see the day that you have anything to repent of.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*Talking to [[Eury]] during this commission does not bring up any unique dialogue.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Presumption of Innocence
|zhs     = 无罪推定
|zhs_rm  = Wú Zuì Tuīdìng
|zht     = 無罪推定
|zht_rm  = Wú Zuì Tuīdìng
|zh_tl   = Presumption of Innocence
|ja      = 無罪推定
|ja_rm   = Muzai Suitei
|ja_tl   = Presumption of Innocence
|ko      = 무죄 추정
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Presunción de inocencia
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Présomption d'innocence
|fr_tl   = Presumption of Innocence
|ru      = Презумпция невиновности
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ข้อสันนิษฐานที่ไร้เดียงสา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Innocent Presumption
|vi      = Giả Thuyết Vô Tội
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unschuldsvermutung
|de_tl   = Presumption of Innocence
|id      = Praduga Tak Bersalah
|id_tl   = Presumption of Innocence
|pt      = Presunção da Inocência
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Presunción de inocencia]]