{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71020
|image         = Pressing Deadlines World Quest.webp
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 20,000
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|6}}{{Card|Golden Crab|3}}
|characters    = Clerk Zhao; Jiangzhou; Nervous An; Traveler
}}
'''Pressing Deadlines''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Clerk Zhao]], in the room opposite the Northland Bank.
#Give the invoice to [[Nervous An]].
#Give the invoice to [[Jiangzhou]].
#Report back to Clerk Zhao.

==Notes==
* To get the maximum number of hearts:
** '''Nervous An:'''
**#Do the most important reports first.
**#I can help out.
**#Prioritize your work better next time.
** '''Jiangzhou:'''
**#It will never be perfect.
**#There is nothing wrong with your plan.
**#Get ideas from last year's plan...
* However, the player gets the same amount of rewards regardless of the outcome.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Clerk Zhao]] is so swamped with work that she can't even get a moment to herself. It seems she could use some assistance...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' I can't stand it...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' My work with the Ministry of Civil Affairs has really been piling up recently. Right now I'm assigning them to people.
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' I just finished organizing forms that I need various people to fill out, but I don't have any time to distribute them...
:{{DIcon}} I can help.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' You'd do that? Great! It's really not complicated. Everything I need is written very clearly on the forms.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Just take them the forms and they'll see what they need to do.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds complicated.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' No, it's not complicated, really! I already wrote everything out on the forms.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' You just deliver the forms and you're done. Simple as that.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Thank you so much. I'm just swamped with work right now.
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' The two most urgent jobs are those for Jiangzhou and Nervous An. Take these forms to them.
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' Come back here and let me know once you've delivered the forms.
;(Obtain [[Clerk Zhao's Invoice for Jiangzhou]] and [[Clerk Zhao's Invoice for Nervous An]])

;(Talk to Clerk Zhao again)
:'''Clerk Zhao:''' Ugh... It's never a slow day at work, that's for sure...

===Nervous An===
;(Talk to Nervous An)
:'''Nervous An:''' Oh boy, now I'm in trouble...
:{{DIcon}} Clerk Zhao told me to give this to you...
:'''Nervous An:''' Huh? She needs a report of all the ships in the harbor!?
:'''Nervous An:''' This... I actually had started keeping track of this at the very start...
:'''Nervous An:''' But then there's also the imported goods report, the reports on crew information, and the outsiders entry-exit report...
:'''Nervous An:''' There's just sooo much to keep track of &mdash; report this, record that, I simply can't keep up with it all.

;(Nervous An starts with a Friendship gauge of 2.5 hearts. Your next three choices affect this gauge and the overall outcome of the conversation.)

;(First statement)
:{{DIcon}} Hire some help...
::'''Nervous An:'''  I want to, but it will take some time to find someone, so that won't help me finish the work at hand...
:;(No change)
:{{DIcon}} Just do this report that Clerk Zhao wants done first.
::'''Nervous An:''' Hahaha! I don't even have enough time to remember all the information I need to report, let alone fill it out...
:;(-1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} Do the most important reports first.
::'''Nervous An:''' Hmm... I think the reports are all of about equal importance.
:;(+1 heart)

;(Second statement)
:{{DIcon}} There's no time...
::'''Nervous An:''' I know, so I'm trying my best now... I'll see if I can finish all the reports.
:;(-1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} Just go and explain the situation...
::'''Nervous An:''' But I still have some time, I should just work harder to finish these reports...
:;(No change)
:{{DIcon}} I can help out.
::'''Nervous An:''' Thanks for the offer, but if you aren't familiar with the work you won't be much help.
:;(+1 heart)

;(Third statement)
:{{DIcon}} Still going to put it off to later?
::'''Nervous An:''' I'll try to finish it on time, but as you can see I already have so much work to do, haha... It will be difficult to not put it off.
:;(No change)
:{{DIcon}} Then you need to figure it out yourself...
::'''Nervous An:''' I know, I know... This is my job, I can't rely on other people to do it for.
:;(-1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} Prioritize your work better next time.
::'''Nervous An:''' Hahaha, I always tell myself I should, but I just get so busy that I forget to prioritize.
:;(+1 heart)

;(Outcome)
:'''Nervous An:''' There's just too much work to do in the harbor. Too much.
;(If below 3 hearts)
::'''Nervous An:''' I mean, you've seen how busy I am.
::'''Nervous An:''' All of these different tasks to do at once, and all equally important.
::'''Nervous An:''' Darn, looks like I'll simply have to put off this report to another time.
;(If above 3 hearts)
::'''Nervous An:''' *sigh* I thought about it, but there's just not enough time... I have to work harder.
::'''Nervous An:''' I'll burn the midnight oil tonight, and tomorrow, and the day after that... see if I can finish recording all the ships in the harbor.
::'''Nervous An:''' After all, this was the very first report I started working on, so it shouldn't be the last one I submit.

;(Talk to Nervous An again)
:'''Nervous An:''' There's still so much work, what should I do...?

===Jiangzhou===
;(Talk to Jiangzhou)
:'''Jiangzhou:''' No, that's not quite right either...
:{{DIcon}} Clerk Zhao told me to give this to you...
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Hmm? About the plans for [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]]...
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Ah, I'm writing that right now. But it feels like it's missing something, so I keep editing it.
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Everybody needs to do their very best for a big festival like Lantern Rite. So... I can't submit this plan just yet.

;(First statement)
:{{DIcon}} You're running out of time...
::'''Jiangzhou:''' I know I can come up with the best plan, I just need a bit more time...
:;(No change)
:{{DIcon}} Just submit it now.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' What!? I can't carelessly submit what amounts to a rough draft, this is Liyue's most important festival!
:;(-1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} It will never be perfect.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' That may be true, but I should strive for perfection, no?
:;(+1 heart)

;(Second statement)
:{{DIcon}} Any plan is better than no plan.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' That's true, but I shouldn't submit a plan that has something wrong with it, should I?
:;(No change)
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing wrong with your plan.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' Hmm, it may not have any glaring problems, but at least let me improve it even more.
:;(+1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} Submit it first, you can change more later.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' Are you joking? Lantern Rite is a serious festival, there are procedures.
:;(-1 heart)

;(Third statement)
:{{DIcon}} Get ideas from last year's plan...
::'''Jiangzhou:''' I've already been looking at last year's Lantern Rite. But... even though it was very popular among residents, I still think I can come up with something really special.
:;(+1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} Be confident...
::'''Jiangzhou:''' What good is confidence if the people of Liyue don't like it?
:;(No change)
:{{DIcon}} Then... keep thinking?
::'''Jiangzhou:''' Yes! Give me a bit more time and I'll be able to write the perfect plan.
:;(-1 heart)

;(Outcome)
:'''Jiangzhou:''' I have to give it my all for Lantern Rite. Think, Jiangzhou, think...
;(If below 3 hearts)
::'''Jiangzhou:''' No... The People of Liyue have been eagerly looking forward to Lantern Rite.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' Nobody will be satisfied if it's just a touched-up version of last year's plan.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' Don't try to stop me... I still need to make some changes, need to make the perfect plan...
;(If above 3 hearts)
::'''Jiangzhou:''' Okay then... With a bit more time, I'll touch up the plan and fix some minor issues.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' I'll submit it when I'm done touching it up.
::'''Jiangzhou:''' I hope everyone really enjoys this year's Lantern Rite...

;(Talk to Jiangzhou again)
:'''Jiangzhou:''' I have to come up with the very best plan...

===Return to Clerk Zhao===
;(If neither was successful)
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' What? They still can't finish on time?
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Another extension? Do they want to do this job or not?
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Well, never mind. I suppose I'll have to find the time to chase them myself...
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Oh, right. Take these, and thank you for your help.
;(If only one was successful)
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' You're back. Nervous An and Jiangzhou just sent me a message.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Only one of them promised they would submit their work on time, but I guess one is better than none.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' As for the other one, I'll just have to continue to press them...
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Regardless, I'm grateful for your help. Take these as thanks.
;(If both were successful)
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' You're back. Thank you so much, Nervous An and Jiangzhou already sent me a message.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' They said they will definitely submit their work on time.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Excellent... At the very least I can sleep well tonight...
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' Take these as thanks. You have really been a great help.
::'''Clerk Zhao:''' After this ordeal, I'm sure they won't repeat this kind of mistake again...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pressing Deadlines
|zhs     = 工作迫近
|zhs_rm  = Gōngzuò Pòjìn
|zht     = 工作迫近
|zht_rm  = Gōngzuò Pòjìn
|zh_tl   = Work Pressing In
|ja      = 迫る仕事
|ja_rm   = Semaru Shigoto
|ja_tl   = Imminent Work
|ko      = 닥쳐오는 업무
|ko_rm   = Dakchyeooneun Eopmu
|ko_tl   = Upcoming Works
|es      = Sobrecarga de trabajo
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Surcharge de travail
|fr_tl   = Overload of Work
|ru      = Срочная работа
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = งานอันแสนยุ่งเหยิง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Công Việc Cấp Bách
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Dringende Arbeiten
|de_tl   = Urgent Jobs
|id      = Tekanan Waktu Pekerjaan
|id_tl   = Work Time Pressure
|pt      = Sobrecarga de Trabalho
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}