{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality = 5
|region  = Liyue
|naming  = Has "Jade" in their names
|lore    = Weapons [[Morax]] crafted from jade and used during the [[Archon War]]
|other   =
* Made of jade
* Shares a similar green color scheme
}}
The '''Primordial Jade Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 5-star [[Weapon Series]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Primordial Jade Series}}

==Lore==
The first two weapons released in this series relate to a story of a weapon or object [[Morax]] crafted from jade, used in battle during the [[Archon War]]:
* {{Lang|[[Primordial Jade Cutter]]|zh=磐岩结绿|zh_rm=Pányán Jiélǜ|zh_tl={{w|Monolith}} of Solidified Green}} is a sword made from a piece of nephrite called ''Jielü''. It was originally created as a gift for a certain someone, for the sake of peace and prosperity. However, this never came to pass as a result of the Archon War, and Morax instead wielded it in battle.
* {{Lang|[[Primordial Jade Winged-Spear]]|zh=和璞鸢|zh_rm=Hépú Yuān|zh_tl=The {{w|Kite (bird)|Kite}} of {{w|Mr. He's jade|''He''}}'s Jade}} recounts the story of a jade hawk created by Morax to battle against the sea monster {{Lang|Baqiu|zh=八虬|zh_rm=Bāqiú}} after the creature was able to withstand even his Geo Whale. The bird plunged into the ocean like a spear, where it successfully subdued Baqiu and caused it to sink to the bottom of the ocean.

{{Lang|[[Jadefall's Splendor]]|zh=碧落之珑|zh_rm=Bìluò zhī Lóng}} is described as having been created by a mortal from jadeite that fell from the heavens, and being formerly wielded by Morax. The rest of the weapon's description relates to the history of the people of [[Chenyu Vale]], who were forced to move away from [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] during the Archon War and brought with them a large jade altar.

==Trivia==
*In the Chinese names and descriptions for the weapons in this series, each weapon is named after the piece of jade used to create it.
**For Primordial Jade Cutter and Primordial Jade Winged-Spear, the names of the jades are derived from a line in the {{Lang|Strategies of the Warring States|zh=战国策}}, which ascribes a fine jade to each of the dynasties during China's Warring States period.<ref>Chinese Texts: [https://ctext.org/zhan-guo-ce/fan-zi-yin-wang-ji-ru-qin/zhs Strategies of the Warring States: The Strategy of the Qin]<br>{{zh|臣闻周有砥厄，宋有结绿，梁有悬黎，楚有和璞。}}</ref> The English translation removes all reference to the names of the jades.
***Primordial Jade Cutter's {{Lang|''Jielü''|zh=结绿|zh_rm=Jiélǜ}} is associated with the {{w|Song (state)|State of Song}}.
***Primordial Jade Winged-Spear's {{Lang|''Hepu''|zh=和璞|zh_rm=Hépú}} is associated with the {{w|Chu (state)|State of Chu}}.
**Jadefall's Splendor does not continue the above pattern and instead derives its name, {{Lang|''Biluo''|zh=碧落|zh_rm=}}, from a Taoist literary term meaning "blue sky."

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Jade Primordial]]
[[ja:碧玉シリーズ]]