{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|region           = Teyvat
|affiliation      = Gods
}}
The '''Primordial One''' is the progenitor god who allegedly came to [[Teyvat]] from another world. It battled against and defeated the [[Seven Sovereigns|seven sovereign dragon-lords]] who ruled over the old world. After its victory, it went on to create the heavens and earth "for the sake of humanity."

According to the scribe of [[Istaroth]] who wrote [[Before Sun and Moon]], the Primordial One may be [[Phanes]].

==Profile==
{{Quote|The Primordial One, the great sovereign, began the creation of heaven and earth for "our" sake — that of its creations which it cherished most, who would soon appear upon this earth.|A scribe of Istaroth|[[Before Sun and Moon]]}}
===Personality===
The Primordial One held humanity in high esteem, creating the heavens and earth in a way that would be suitable for humanity. According to the scribe, "As long as they [humans] were happy, it too rejoiced." However, it had also laid down a ban preventing the trapped [[Enkanomiya]]ns from returning to the surface, suggesting it was not completely benevolent towards humans.<ref name="before sun and moon">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2}}</ref><!--
===Appearance===
-->

==Story==
In the time period known as "When the Doves Held Branches," the emergence of the "eternal throne of the heavens" caused the world to be remade, separating its "microcosm" from the universe. The Primordial One appeared to do battle against the Seven Sovereigns and, to that end, created four shining shades of itself. One of the shades was [[Istaroth]], who held dominion over time and wind. After 40 years, the Primordial One emerged victorious over the Seven Sovereigns and set about creating the heavens and earth to prepare for the advent of humanity. Humans were finally created 400 years after the Primordial One's appearance, and they made a covenant with the Primordial One.<ref name="before sun and moon" />

The Primordial One had a sacred plan for humanity; the scribe of Istaroth calls the year after humanity made a covenant with the Primordial One the "Year of the Ark's Opening." It was followed by the "Year of Jubilee," during which the world would provide its bounties for humanity. The only taboo was to succumb to temptation.<ref name="before sun and moon" />

An unknown amount of time after the creation of humanity, the [[Second Who Came]] &mdash; the second throne of the heavens &mdash; appeared and restarted the war. The heavens and earth were torn apart, and during this period of strife, [[Enkanomiya]] dropped into the watery abyss. Despite the people's laments, the Primordial One and three of its shades did not respond; only Istaroth did not forsake them.<ref name="before sun and moon" />

Two years after the creation of the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], people from Enkanomiya attempted to find a way back to the surface. However, they discovered that heaven's "powers of prohibition" prevented them from returning. The scribe of Istaroth believed this ban was laid down by the Primordial One and that it had prevailed over the Second Who Came,<ref name="before sun and moon" /> while [[Eboshi]] attributes it to the "heavenly order" but does not indicate who is behind the heavenly order. By the time of the [[Archon War]], these powers of prohibition had weakened, allowing [[Orobashi]] to fall into Enkanomiya and conversely, bring the people of Enkanomiya back to the surface.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Three Great Martial Trials}}</ref>

==Trivia==
*The Primordial One may be the creator who has not yet returned, mentioned in the [[Traveler]]'s [[Traveler/Lore#Character Details|Character Details]].
*In [[Hilichurlian]], the word "[[unu]]" means "one" and is also a holy word that is used for the [[hilichurls]]' concept of gods and the origin of life.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian}}</ref> While no direct connection has been made between hilichurls, the single unified civilization that once existed across the world, and the Primordial One, the hilichurls' gravitation to ancient ruins has been observed<ref>{{Ref/Book|Hilichurl Cultural Customs (II)}}</ref> and their link between the concepts of "one" and "god" has not been perpetuated in human cultures on Teyvat.
*While the world of Teyvat has largely been inspired by {{w|Gnosticism}}, the Primordial One has not been clearly linked to a Gnostic figure. If it is inspired by Gnosticism, the Primordial One may be analogous to either the {{w|Monad (Gnosticism)|Monad}}, the Supreme Being from whom various realms and divine entities emanated; or the {{w|Demiurge}}, a lesser deity who fashioned the material world and believes himself to be the Supreme Being, but is unaware of the existence of the higher Monad.
* The original Chinese version, as well as the Japanese and Korean versions, uses a polite expression to describe the name, probably indicating Enkanomiya historians' (and/or their society's) reverence toward this deity.

===Etymology===
*The Chinese name for the Primordial One uses the character {{lang|mini=1|zh=原|zh_tl=original, primordial,}} which is used in two other notable terms:
**{{lang|[[Allogenes]]|zh=原神|zh_tl=Primordial God, Original God,}} which is the game's namesake (''Genshin'' is a romanization of the Japanese reading of the same word)
**{{lang|[[Primogem]]|zh=原石|zh_tl=Primordial Stone}}, an item which is described as something "beyond the mundane world," and which "shines with the condensed hopes and dreams of universes that once were."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Primordial One
|zhs     = 原初的那一位
|zhs_rm  = Yuánchū de Nà Yī Wèi
|zht     = 原初的那一位
|zht_rm  = Yuánchū de Nà Yī Wèi
|zh_tl   = That One of the Origin<ref group="•" name="CJK">'''Chinese, Japanese & Korean:''' {{Lang|"That One"|zh=那一位|zh_rm=Nà Yī Wèi|ja=あの方|ja_rm=Ano Kata|ko=그분|ko_rm=Geubun|sort=zh,ja,ko}} is written {{w|Honorifics (linguistics)|honorifically}}.</ref>
|zh_note = The phrase {{lang|''yuánchū de''|zh=原初的}} means "of the origin" or "original." As such, the name may have two interpretations, which are not mutually exclusive: 1. "That One of the Origin" in the sense that the deity had a prominent role in the primordial era, the beginning of the creation, and 2. "That One Who Is Original" in the sense that the deity is the original of its four copies (or "shades").
|ja      = 原初のあの方
|ja_rm   = Gensho no Ano Kata{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = That One of the Origin<ref group="•" name="CJK" />
|ja_note = Unlike Chinese, only the interpretation "That One of the Origin" is possible, due to a difference in connotations for the characters 原初. This may or may not be relevant, as the English version uses the Japanese reading for its related term 原神 (Yuánshén/Genshin).
|ko      = {{tt|원초|原初}}의 그분
|ko_rm   = Woncho-ui Geubun
|ko_tl   = That One of the Origin<ref group="•" name="CJK" />
|es      = Soberano Primordial
|es_tl   = Primordial Sovereign
|fr      = L'Originel
|fr_tl   = The Original One
|ru      = Изначальный
|ru_tl   = Primordial
|th      = ราชาองค์แรก
|th_rm   = Racha Ong Raek
|th_tl   = The First King
|vi      = Vị Đầu Tiên
|vi_tl   = The First One
|de      = Ursprünglichen<!-- Also Ursprüngliche-->
|de_tl   = Original
|id      = Sang Purbakala
|id_tl   = The Primordial
|pt      = O Primordial
|pt_tl   = The Primordial
}}<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Soberano Primordial]]