{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Mondstadt

|affiliation      = Sal Vindagnyr
|father           = Varuch
}}
The '''Princess''' of [[Sal Vindagnyr]] was an unnamed historical figure who lived during the fall of her nation. She was the daughter of [[Varuch]], the high priest, and was close with the outlander [[Imunlaukr]] and the scribe [[Ukko]].

The description for the [[Princess' Box]] is narrated from her perspective.

==Story==
The Princess was born under what is now known as the [[Frostbearing Tree]], originally an [[Irminsul]] tree that helped the nation prosper.<ref name="Frostbearer">{{Ref/Weapon|Frostbearer}}</ref> The Princess was blessed with prophetic Visions. To share her visions of the future, the Princess would draw frescoes depicting what she'd seen.

At some point, the [[Skyfrost Nail]] descended upon Sal Vindagnyr, destroying the Irminsul tree and transforming the land into one filled with icy blizzards. Before Varuch set off towards the top of the mountain, hoping to receive insight on their predicament from [[Celestia]] directly, he ordered her to paint frescoes depicting Sal Vindagyr's future. He hoped that the third fresco would depict thawing snow and ice and thus point towards the nation's salvation.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Priest's Box}}</ref> However, the princess was unable to do so, having known winter and cold for so long that she had forgotten what colors to use.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Princess' Box}}</ref> She attempted to revive the Irminsul tree by grafting it but was unable to succeed,<ref name="Frostbearer" /> and it is heavily implied that she died in the attempt. Ukko eventually found her body and buried it.<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Dragonspine's Glacial Secret}}</ref>

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Princesa de Sal Vindagnyr]]
[[ja:シャール・フィンドニールの姫]]
[[pt-br:Princesa de Sal Vindagnyr]]
[[uk:Принцеса Сал Віндаґніру]]