{{Act Infobox
|image          = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures
|actNum         = II
|actType        = Part
|prev           = Water Imp's Conjecture
|next           = Miraculous Crown
|event_name     = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures
}}
'''Prince's Country''' is the second part of the [[Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Prince's Country (Quest)|Prince's Country]]

==Summary==
;Prince's Country
After two days passed, the Traveler and Paimon meet up with [[Zuria Destree|Zuria]] and Freminet again in his camp. [[Thelxie]] also got himself a sword and a shield for the adventure. Zuria wishes to end the adventure with Thelxie's coronation ceremony, so Freminet asks them to help him with Thelxie's crown on the way to the ruins. Before heading out, Zuria draws the first page for Thelxie's picture book. Arriving at the [[Salacia Plain|underwater ruins]], they all start the adventure with Paimon acting as the Guardian Goddess and the others as companions of Prince Thelxie.

In the Kingdom of Water Imps, the companions of Prince Thelxie come to reclaim the glory he lost. Goddess Paimon, the guardian of the nation blesses them with "rainbow glory" so that Thelxie's future will always be filled with light. The goddess allows them to go forward and fight the monsters who have taken over the kingdom. After defeating the monster and reclaiming the Kingdom of Water Imps, it is time for Prince Thelxie's coronation ceremony. But since the crown is not made yet, Freminet proposes to come back here again after they got the crown.

Returning to the camp, Zuria draws the second page for the picture book and pretended that the monsters ran away with the crown to make up for the unfinished crown. Zuria tells them to meet again in two days and she walks away in high spirits. Freminet wants to visit the city to gets some parts for the crown. After the Traveler and Paimon leaves, Freminet take on his diving helmet and hope everyone who's found themselves in a dark place would be able to see something beautiful, and experience a miracle for themselves.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Prince's Country
|zhs     = 王子的国度
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 王子的國度
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 王子の国
|ja_rm   = Ouji no Kuni
|ja_tl   = Prince's Country
|ko      = 왕자의 나라
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El reino del príncipe
|es_tl   = The Prince's Kingdom
|fr      = Le royaume du prince
|fr_tl   = The Prince's Kingdom
|ru      = Королевство принца
|ru_tl   = Prince's Kingdom
|th      = อาณาจักรขององค์ชาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vương Quốc Của Hoàng Tử
|vi_tl   = Prince's Kingdom
|de      = Das Reich des Prinzen
|de_tl   = The Prince's Kingdom
|id      = Negeri Pangeran
|id_tl   = Prince's Nation
|pt      = País do Príncipe
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Prensin Ülkesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il Paese del principe
|it_tl   = Prince's Country
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

[[es:El reino del príncipe]]
[[pt-br:País do Príncipe]]
[[vi:Vương Quốc Của Hoàng Tử]]