{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Priscilla
|affiliation      = Mondstadt Aristocracy
|region           = Mondstadt

}}
'''Priscilla''' is a woman who lived in [[Mondstadt]] a thousand years ago, during the time of [[Vennessa]]'s rebellion and the fall of the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]]. She was in cahoots with [[Eberhart]] during his quest to uproot the Mondstadt Aristocracy.

==Story==
Priscilla's background and origins are a mystery, although it is implied that she committed some kind of "sin(s)" in her past. She was taken on as a servant by Eberhart, who reassured her that he did not care about her past and that he wanted her by his side.<ref name="windspear">{{Ref/Weapon|Missive Windspear}}</ref> During her time as a servant, she became familiar with several members of the nobility, including [[Luther]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III}}</ref>

However, unbeknownst to most of the nobles, she was one of Eberhart's co-conspirators in his plan to eliminate the corrupted aristocracy &mdash; even if it led to the deaths of the others. While the expedition to [[Dragonspine]] was underway, Priscilla stayed behind in Mondstadt. If the nobles in the city were to find out about Eberhart's plot, she was to light a torch at [[Stormbearer Point]] as a warning for Eberhart.<ref name="ragged">{{Ref/HEO|Ragged Records}}</ref> They indeed discovered what was happening; she presumably lit the torch as directed, but never saw any ship come from the cape. She was presumably killed at the hands of the nobles.<ref name="windspear" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Priscilla
|zhs      = 普莉希拉
|zhs_rm   = Pǔlìxīlā
|zht      = 普莉希拉
|zht_rm   = Pǔlìxīlā
|ja       = プリシラ
|ja_rm    = Purishira
|ko       = 프리실라
|es       = Priscilla
|fr       = Priscilla
|ru       = Присцилла
|th       = Priscilla
|vi       = Priscilla
|de       = Priscilla
|id       = Priscilla
|pt       = Priscilla
|tr       = Priscilla
|it       = Priscilla
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Priscilla]]
[[ja:プリシラ]]
[[uk:Прісцилла]]
[[ru:Присцилла]]