{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22023; 22032; 22033; 23019
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Problem Conversion.png
|npc           = Rafiq
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = Problem Conversion: Theory Reliability
|characters    = Paimon; Rafiq; Traveler
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Problem Conversion''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Rafiq]]
# Go to investigate the ship
# Investigate the ship (0/3)
# Report the situation to Rafiq
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
*-->
==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Rafiq]] seems to be quite disturbed by some design issues with his ship...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Rafiq, optional)
:'''Rafiq:''' (I'm never gonna finish all this work....)

;(Talk to Rafiq)
:'''Rafiq:''' I knew it, doing it this way is more expensive...
:{{DIcon}} What are you talking about?
:'''Rafiq:''' Ah, hello. I'm studying a ship design problem and I've now hit a bottleneck.
:'''Rafiq:''' I'll give it to you straight. I want to make ships carry more things without raising their cost.
:'''Rafiq:''' If the weight is too great, the structure becomes more prone to breakage. Uneven weight distribution affects balance, and so on...
:'''Rafiq:''' The best way to solve these problems is to use better materials, but if we do, we risk incurring greater costs. This is the crux of the issue.
:'''Rafiq:''' *sigh* To be honest, I just don't have the Mora, but I still want to build a good ship.
:'''Rafiq:''' So for some problems that would normally be solved with Mora, I must instead find some technical means to circumvent them.
:{{DIcon}} Can you really do this...?
:'''Rafiq:''' Hahaha, you might not believe it, but a lot of people actually do this.
:'''Rafiq:''' The ships we build are shoreline fishing boats after all. They will not encounter any storms.
:'''Rafiq:''' When it comes to shipbuilding, we subscribe to the principle of saving whatever costs can be saved, and fixing and mending whatever we can... So long as it can be used, we will improvise.
:'''Rafiq:''' Thanks to this principle, our ship repair business does well every day.
:'''Rafiq:''' Traveler, if you're willing, please help me go check the ship over there that just returned to port. It seems to be having some problems because it often carries heavy loads.
:'''Rafiq:''' I happen to be researching this very topic, so perhaps I can find some inspiration from it.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Rafiq:''' I'll leave it in your hands then! I have to hurry to repair another ship now...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you go yourself?
::'''Rafiq:''' I'd like to do it myself, but I was asked to repair another ship, which needs to go out to sea again to fish...
::'''Rafiq:''' So I can only leave it to you, Traveler!

;(Talk to Rafiq again)
:'''Rafiq:''' So many to deal with every day, *sigh*...

;(Interact with the first investigation point)
:'''Paimon:''' It seems okay here...

;(Interact with the third investigation point)
:'''Paimon:''' This could be problematic... Gotta tell him quick.

;(Report the situation to Rafiq)
:'''Rafiq:''' So, have you finished checking the ship?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I have...

:'''You describe the condition of the ship.'''

:'''Rafiq:''' I see. Those structures where tricks have been used to cut costs are problematic, as expected.
:'''Rafiq:''' But it's going to cost a lot to repair these structures. The owner of that ship... I remember that person is always on a tight budget...
:'''Rafiq:''' *Sigh* I'd better go talk to him. His life is definitely more important when compared to Mora...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = HppzMIPh8Y8
|caption1 = Problem Conversion Chain Commission "The Ship Has It" Achievement.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Problem Conversion
|zhs     = 问题的转化
|zhs_rm  = Wèntí de Zhuǎnhuà
|zht     = 問題的轉化
|zht_rm  = Wèntí de Zhuǎnhuà
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 問題の転換
|ja_rm   = Mondai no Tenkan
|ja_tl   = Problem Conversion
|ko      = 문제의 전환
|ko_rm   = Munje-ui Jeonhwan
|ko_tl   = Transition of the Problem
|es      = Transformación del problema
|es_tl   = Problem Transformation
|fr      = Conversion de problème
|fr_tl   = Problem Conversion
|ru      = Преобразование проблемы
|ru_tl   = Problem Conversion
|th      = การพลิกผันของปัญหา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự Chuyển Hóa Của Vấn Đề
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Umwandlung des Problems
|de_tl   = Conversion of the Problem
|id      = Perubahan Masalah
|id_tl   = Changing of the Problem
|pt      = Conversão de Problema
|pt_tl   = Problem Conversion
|tr      = Problemin Dönüşümü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Conversione del problema
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru|In Series}}