{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23004
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Project Baby.png
|summary       = <!--editor provided summary-->
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Traveler; Paimon; Gulabgir
|npc           = Gulabgir
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Grants the achievement [[Non-Obligatory Request]] if all three special variants of the Commission have been completed.
}}
'''''Project Baby''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Gulabgir]]
#*Gulabgir will randomly send the player to one of the five possible versions of his camp. (See [[#Gameplay Notes|Gameplay Notes]].)
#Go to the camp
#Defeat all Fungi <small>(for the Fungi camp)</small> {{Enemy List|Floating Hydro Fungus*3}}
#Look for Gulabgir's pet snake food
#*After finding [[Gulabgir's Special Pet Snake Food]], Paimon may say something to suggest that an additional quest item is available nearby.
#Report back to Gulabgir

==Gameplay Notes==
*Three of the possible camp sites have an optional quest item that can be retrieved.
**Fungi Camp: [[Strange Bead]] is found in a pot next to the tent.
**Rockslide Camp: [[Shabby Rack]] is found by breaking the second rock pile on the small hill.
**Tree Nest Camp: [[Strange Tiny Hats]] are found in a fourth nest near the top of the tree.
**The Thorny Vine Camp and the Food-in-Pot Camp do not have additional quest items.
*Finding Strange Bead, Strange Tiny Hats, and Shabby Rack grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Non-Obligatory Request]]''.
*Retrieving the optional quest item before returning to Gulabgir will unlock additional dialogue, as well as an additional reward of {{Item|Mora|x=2000}}.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
<!--{{Quest Description|Gulabgir the snake charmer seems to be in trouble...}}<!--map description-->
{{Quest Description|Snake Handler Gulabgir seems to be in trouble...}}<!--quest menu description-->
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Gulabgir, optional)
:'''Gulabgir:''' (Hope the little ones aren't starving...)

;(Talk to Gulabgir)
:'''Gulabgir:''' Gone again... Um... Traveler! Could you please do me a favor?
:'''Gulabgir:''' My food is missing!
:'''Gulabgir:''' Uh, no, that can't be it! My pet snakes' food &mdash; that's what's missing!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure we've met someone with a snake for a pet before... Right! It's that weirdo named [[Baizhu]]...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think [[Changsheng]] counts as a "pet"...
:{{DIcon}} Changsheng would get mad at you for saying that.
:'''Paimon:''' There's special food for pet snakes? Don't they eat mice and stuff?
:'''Gulabgir:''' Yes, they did hunt by themselves in the past.
:'''Gulabgir:''' But ever since they startled several children whilst feeding, I have banned them from going out without me. I've started making food for them.
:'''Gulabgir:''' *sigh* But after that, they haven't been moving much, and have stubbornly refused to eat any other food.
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh* Paimon thought "there was no such thing as a free lunch"...
:{{DIcon}} Delicious!
:{{DIcon}} Absolutely delicious!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon hasn't even asked about the flavor yet, so you can dream on!
:'''Paimon:''' Enjoying food is Paimon's job!
:{{DIcon}} Uh huh. Very reasonable of you.
:'''Gulabgir:''' I must have left their food at one of my camps when I was out picking herbs.
:'''Gulabgir:''' But I can't really leave, what with all my little fellas to care for and stuff. I don't want them scaring anyone again when they search for food...
:'''Gulabgir:''' Traveler, would you mind visiting that campsite and fetching the food for me?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Gulabgir:''' Thank you so much. Who knows what accidents we might run into if I were to go there with these little fellas.
::'''Gulabgir:''' If they got it into their heads to go playing around in the forest for a few days, I'd be doomed...
:{{DIcon}} There aren't any other snakes at the campsites, right...?
::'''Gulabgir:''' No, not at all. I set all my camps up away from snake lairs precisely so that we could stay away from trouble...
:{{DIcon}} How many camps have you got, again?
::'''Gulabgir:''' Well, I set up a few while I was living in the rainforest.
::'''Gulabgir:''' I've already stopped living in the rainforest, but I still do rest at my campsites if I collect herbs there.
:'''Gulabgir:''' Anyway, I'm counting on you, Traveler.
:'''Gulabgir:''' I'll mark all the camps I've stayed at on the map for you, so please take a look at those spots.

;(Talk to Gulabgir again)
:'''Gulabgir:''' How did it go? Did you find the food?

===Go to the camp===
;(Approach the Fungi Camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Look at those [[Fungi]]. Why are they gathering over there? They aren't stealing the food, are they? C'mon, you've gotta shoo them away!

;(Pick up the snake food)
:;(Obtain [[Gulabgir's Special Pet Snake Food]])
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? There are some bottles and pots... Maybe Gulabgir left something else here...?

;(Investigate the pile of goods)
:;(Obtain [[Strange Bead]])
::'''Paimon:''' What is this bead used for? Let's take it to Gulabgir.
----
;(Approach the Rockslide Camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't see anything. Let's come closer to take a better look.

;(Pick up the snake food)
:;(Obtain Gulabgir's Special Pet Snake Food)
:'''Paimon:''' How is the food under these stones? Was there some kinda landslide? Shall we go up and have another look around?

;(Walk uphill and destroy the pile of breakable rocks)
:;(Obtain [[Shabby Rack]])
----
;(Approach the Tree Nest Camp)
:'''Paimon:''' There's nothing down there. Maybe we should check out the tree...

;(Investigate the first nest)
:'''Paimon:''' What's here... Ugh, just some mushrooms...

;(Investigate the second nest)
:'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here...

;(Find the snake food)
:;(Obtain Gulabgir's Special Pet Snake Food)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! This should be the snake food Gulabgir's looking for!

;(Investigate the nest near the top of the tree)
:;(Obtain [[Strange Tiny Hats]])
::'''Paimon:''' Woah, {{sic|here's}} a whole bunch of tiny hats in here. Let's take them to Gulabgir...
----
;(Approach the Thorny Vine Camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Look at all those thorny vines! Be careful!

;(Pick up the snake food)
:;(Obtain Gulabgir's Special Pet Snake Food)
----
;(Approach the Food-in-Pot Camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... It's a total mess around here. Where on earth is the food...?

;(Destroy the vases and pick up the snake food)
:;(Obtain Gulabgir's Special Pet Snake Food)

===Report back to Gulabgir===
;(Talk to Gulabgir)
:'''Gulabgir:''' You are back! I gotta say, that was quick. Did you find the food?
:{{DIcon}} Is this what you're looking for?
:;(Give Gulabgir the snake food)
----
;(If the player was sent to the Fungi Camp)
:'''Gulabgir:''' Yes! That's it! So I did leave it in the camp after all.
:'''Paimon:''' When we arrived, there were Fungi that were trying to swipe it.
:'''Gulabgir:''' Fungi, huh... Phew, guess I was lucky to have you go instead. Thank you so much, Traveler.
:'''Gulabgir:''' I can't thank you enough. Please, accept this as your payment.
:'''Gulabgir:''' Here's your meal, little fellas...
;(If the player picked up the [[Strange Bead]])
::'''Gulabgir:''' What's the matter? Anything else on your mind?
::{{DIcon}} I found something else in the camp.
:;(Give Gulabgir the Strange Bead)
::'''Gulabgir:''' Huh? This bead... How... Where did you find this?
::'''Paimon:''' Inside a pot in the camp. Did you leave that behind?
::'''Gulabgir:''' Ah, it was used in past shows. Whenever I play the flute, my little fellas would carry that bead on their heads and dance with their upper bodies in the air.
::'''Gulabgir:''' But tricks of this kind have long ceased being profitable, and I haven't performed for quite some time either. I didn't even notice that it had gone missing...
::'''Gulabgir:''' Anyway, thanks for bringing it back. Here's your payment, please take it.
----
;(If the player was sent to the Rockslide Camp)
:'''Gulabgir:''' Yes! That's it! So I did leave it in the camp after all.
:'''Paimon:''' It was buried under the rocks. Your camp seems to have gotten caught in a landslide that carried your stuff far away. We spent a long while looking, actually.
:'''Gulabgir:''' Seriously? How could there be a landslide? That spot has never been in any trouble...
:'''Gulabgir:''' Oh! When I was camping there, I could hear strange sounds at night, and I could feel something scratching at my tent...
:'''Gulabgir:''' My snakes were alert and would wake me every time. But I never found anything no matter how many times I checked...
:'''Gulabgir:''' Eh, you know what, forget about it... Thanks for your help. Here's your payment.
;(If the player picked up the [[Shabby Rack]])
::'''Gulabgir:''' What's the matter? Anything else on your mind?
::'''(Traveler):''' I found something else in the camp.
:;(Give Gulabgir the Shabby Rack)
::'''Gulabgir:''' Ah! Isn't this the snake climbing tower I made? Wow, this sure brings back some memories! Hahaha!
::'''Paimon:''' Snake climbing tower? What even is that?
::'''Gulabgir:''' Just a toy for the snakes to climb on. I can't have them hanging on me all the time, you know?
::'''Gulabgir:''' Thanks for bringing it back. Please take this as your payment.
::'''Gulabgir:''' So I designed it like that? Hah, this sure does bring back some memories...
----
;(If the player was sent to the Tree Nest Camp)
:'''Gulabgir:''' Yes, these would do! Thank you so much.
:'''Paimon:''' Why weren't these in the camp, but on the nearby tree?
:'''Gulabgir:''' Well... Maybe the birds had them stashed away for a rainy day...
:'''Gulabgir:''' Is this stuff so popular with animals? Maybe I should start a business...
:'''Gulabgir:''' Ahem! Don't mind me. Thank you very much. Here's your payment.
;(If the player picked up the [[Strange Tiny Hats]])
::'''Gulabgir:''' What's the matter? Anything else on your mind?
::{{DIcon}} I found something else in the camp.
:;(Give Gulabgir the Strange Tiny Hats)
::'''Gulabgir:''' Huh? These hats... Hahaha, I made them for the snakes. How did I even forget these?
::'''Gulabgir:''' I made each of them a nightcap so that they could attract children to the show.
::'''Gulabgir:''' Red for Jori, green for Amum, yellow for Gana, and blue for Drak...
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds cute! The show must've been a hit!
::'''Gulabgir:''' It went well at first, but the children would burst into tears whenever the snakes opened their jaws...
::'''Gulabgir:''' Oh, forget about it... Please take this as your payment. It's something, at least.
----
;(If the player was sent to the Thorny Vine Camp)
:'''Gulabgir:''' Yes! That's it! So I did leave it in the camp after all.
:'''Paimon:''' Why is your camp in the middle of a bunch of thorny vines!? Wouldn't you get hurt sleeping there?
:'''Gulabgir:''' Nah, I'm pretty skilled when it comes to living in the wild.
:'''Gulabgir:''' And there weren't that many vines around when I established that camp.
:{{DIcon}} Have you been away from the forest for a very long time?
:'''Gulabgir:''' Sort of. I can't remember the details.
:'''Gulabgir:''' Hahaha, I'm really rusty when it comes to setting up camps now.
:'''Gulabgir:''' Most of the camps I've set up in the past have been abandoned.
:'''Gulabgir:''' What kind of life would I be leading had I remained in the rainforest...?
:'''Gulabgir:''' ...Sorry, I've said too much. Here is your payment. Please take it.
----
;(If the player was sent to the Food-In-Pot Camp)
:'''Gulabgir:''' Yes! That's it! So I did leave it in the camp after all.
:{{DIcon}} About the camp...
:'''Gulabgir:''' I see... Was it the work of wild animals...?
:'''Gulabgir:''' Now that you mention it, the food I made attracted Fungi and birds... So, attracting wild animals sounds about right...
:'''Gulabgir:''' Guess I should really consider starting a feed-selling business...
:'''Gulabgir:''' If that turns out well, I could be making much more money than I do now by putting up performances...
:'''Gulabgir:''' Oh, sorry, I'm getting off-topic... Thanks for your help, and please, take your payment.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = zlBJNfu-OME
|caption1 = Project Baby - "Non-Obligatory Request" Achievement
}}

==Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Project Baby
|zhs     = 宝贝计划
|zhs_rm  = Bǎobèi Jìhuà
|zht     = 寶貝計畫
|zht_rm  = Bǎobèi Jìhuà
|zh_tl   = Treasure Project
|ja      = ベイビー計画
|ja_rm   = Beibii Keikaku
|ja_tl   = Plan Baby
|ko      = 애완용 뱀 프로젝트
|ko_rm   = Aewanyong Baem Project
|ko_tl   = Pet Snake Project
|es      = Plan valioso
|es_tl   = Valuable Plan
|fr      = Projet précieux
|fr_tl   = Precious Project
|ru      = Ценный проект
|ru_tl   = Valuable Project
|th      = แผนการอันทรงคุณค่า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kế Hoạch Bảo Bối
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatzprojekt
|de_tl   = Treasure Project
|id      = Proyek Harta Karun
|id_tl   = Treasure Chest Project
|pt      = Plano Precioso
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bebek Projesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Progetto bimbo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}