{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73690
|image         = Event Quest Project Connectivity.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Opening Festivities]]
|characters    = Daya; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[A Parade of Providence/Project Connectivity|Project Connectivity]] subevent.
}}
'''''Project Connectivity''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Daya]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Daya from Kshahrewar seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Daya, optional)
:'''Daya:''' (If only building something in real life was this easy. *sigh*)

;(Talk to Daya)
:'''Daya:''' Hello there! I'm Daya from Kshahrewar. Are you here to take part in the Wisdom Gala too?
:'''Daya:''' This is the new game that our Darshan has put forth: "Project Connectivity"!
:'''Daya:''' Would you like to have a go at it?
:{{DIcon}} If I recall, Kshahrewar's specialty is...
:'''Daya:''' We study mechanics and architecture, yes.
:'''Daya:''' Uh, seems like I've gone off-topic. So, to take part in this Gala, many of our students put their heads together...
:'''Daya:''' ...And the result was "Project Connectivity!"
:'''Daya:''' Basically, players will need to use the various objects that we have prepared to... well, create a pathway.
:'''Daya:''' Laying down bridges, setting up stairs... The eventual goal is to create a path for people to travel on that can reach its destination.
:'''Daya:''' Once you have finished constructing that road, we will conduct a final verification, just like how we would test completed buildings.
:'''Daya:''' Essentially, you just need to set up a safe road to attain success.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds rather complicated...
:{{DIcon}} I haven't much of a knack for architecture.
:'''Daya:''' Don't worry, don't worry! You're not being asked to construct anything in real life.
:'''Daya:''' If something goes wrong and the road collapses, we'll just have to rebuild it. We're not putting limits on the number of tries you have either.
:'''Daya:''' Just let your imagination run free and build as beautiful as a road can be!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Project Connectivity
|zhs       = 通路计划
|zhs_rm    = Tōnglù Jìhuà
|zht       = 通道計畫
|zht_rm    = Tōngdào Jìhuà
|zh_tl     = Plan of Pathway-Clearing
|ja        = ルート構想計画
|ja_rm     = Ruuto Kousou Keikaku
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 연결 프로젝트
|ko_tl     = Connection Project
|es        = Ingeniería de caminos
|es_tl     = Road Engineering
|fr        = Opérations de voirie
|fr_tl     = Road Operations 
|ru        = Проектирование пути
|ru_tl     = Road Planning
|th        = แผนเส้นทางสัญจร
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Quy Hoạch Thông Lộ
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Wegplanung
|de_tl     = Path Planning
|id        = Proyek Penghubungan
|id_tl     = Connectivity Project
|pt        = Plano de Passagem
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Yol Projesi
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Progetto di connessione
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Plano de Passagem (Missão)]]
[[ru:Проектирование пути (задание)]]