{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71824
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete [[Wangshu Once Again]]
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)*100
|characters    = Dusky Ming; Paimon; Smiley Yanxiao; Traveler; Verr Goldet
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
}}
'''''Promises Remembered as Lanterns Rise''''' is the third request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the fifth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Smiley Yanxiao]]
# Talk to [[Verr Goldet]]
# Wait until night (19:00 – 04:00)
# Head to the woods nearby Wangshu Inn
# Play hide-and-seek with [[Dusky Ming]]
# Hang the Xiao Lantern on a treetop
# Leave the woods
# Talk to Verr Goldet

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Wangshu Inn]]'s chef, [[Smiley Yanxiao]], seems to have a lot on his plate right now...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' I have to hurry...
:{{DIcon}} Is business that good?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' No. But it's the Lantern Rite now. Lots of people have headed back to the city to spend the festive period there, so we're short-staffed. I'm basically doing everything myself.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' We're not getting too many guests, though, so things aren't too bad. I can still handle it.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' *cough* Also, I should thank you for helping me previously. If it hadn't been for your help, I don't think I'd ever have been able to return to work...
:{{DIcon}} Ah. So recently...
:{{DIcon}} So, has [[Dusky Ming|she]]...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' N&mdash;No! Definitely not, believe me! I&mdash;If she were to show up again, I d&mdash;don't know if my heart could take it...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If you really want to ask about... her... you should just go ask the boss. I&mdash;I don't know anything, I swear...

;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If you really want to ask about... her... you should just go ask the boss. I&mdash;I don't know anything, I swear...
----
;(Talk to Verr Goldet)
:'''Verr Goldet:''' Traveler! How can I help?
:{{DIcon}} About Dusky Ming...
:'''Verr Goldet:''' Oh, her? She's been quite well-behaved since that incident.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' But I do feel bad for that child. Whenever a festive period rolled along in the past, she'd get lonelier as the inn grew livelier. As a result, she would wind up starting trouble and scaring the guests.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' But I'm sure that she just wants someone to play with her. She is only a child, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Can we send her a Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} I wonder if she'd like a Xiao Lantern...
:'''Verr Goldet:''' You want to send her a Xiao Lantern? That's not a bad idea. The only trouble is that she's quite hard to find...
:'''Verr Goldet:''' If you're looking for her, you should hang a Xiao Lantern atop one of the trees in the nearby forest at night.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' That way, she should be able to see it.

;(Talk to Verr Goldet again)
:'''Verr Goldet:''' If you're looking for her, you should hang a Xiao Lantern atop one of the trees in the nearby forest at night.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' That way, she should be able to see it.
----
;(After talking to Verr Goldet)
:'''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Do we really have to go...
:'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Well, if you insist... Let's just finish that Xiao Lantern and bring it over...
:'''Paimon:''' But we're coming straight back as soon as we're done, okay!?
----
;(Upon reaching the woods)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the place. Wonder where she is...
----
;(Play hide-and-seek with Dusky Ming)
:'''Dusky Ming:''' Oh, you came to play with me.
:'''Dusky Ming:''' Hehe, did you remember what I said last time?
:'''Dusky Ming:''' Well, why don't we play... some hide-and-seek, then?

:'''Dusky Ming:''' Hey, is that a Xiao Lantern in your hand?
:'''Dusky Ming:''' It looks beautiful. I wonder what touching it would feel like...

:'''Dusky Ming:''' It's been so long since anyone gave me a Xiao Lantern...
:'''Dusky Ming:''' Hehe, over here.

:'''Dusky Ming:''' Hang the Xiao Lantern up on that tree, quick!
:'''Dusky Ming:''' Hang it up a little higher, it'll look better that way...
----
;(After hanging the Xiao Lantern)
:'''Paimon:''' This should do it...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, are you still there...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, she didn't reply. We should totally leave. Like, right now...
----
;(After leaving the woods)
:'''Paimon:''' L&mdash;Look! That lantern is gone! Y&mdash;You know, the one we hung up there ourselves...
:'''Paimon:''' L&mdash;Let's just get out of here now, shall we...
----
;(Talk to Verr Goldet again)
:'''Verr Goldet:''' Well, did you deliver the Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} I guess... we can consider it sent.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' I believe so, too. This should cheer her up a bit at least.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' I wonder, what sort of wish would that child make?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Promises Remembered as Lanterns Rise
|zhs     = 佳节赴旧约…？
|zhs_rm  = Jiājié Fù Jiùyuē...?
|zht     = 佳節赴舊約…？
|zht_rm  = Jiājié Fù Jiùyuē...?
|zh_tl   = Keeping Old Appointments on Festive Days...?
|ja      = 佳節は古き約に赴く…？
|ja_rm   = Kasetsu wa Furuki Yaku ni Omomuku…?
|ja_tl   = Keeping Old Appointments on Festive Days...?
|ko      = {{tt|명절|名節}}에 {{tt|약속|約束}}을…?
|ko_rm   = Myeongjeor-e Yaksog-eul...?
|ko_tl   = On Festive Days, Promises Are...?
|es      = Una antigua promesa en tiempos festivos
|es_tl   = An Ancient Promise in Festive Times
|fr      = Une ancienne promesse
|fr_tl   = An Ancient Promise
|ru      = Праздничные обещания
|ru_tl   = Festive Promises
|th      = สัญญาแห่งวันวานกับเทศกาลที่มาถึง
|th_rm   = Sanya haeng wan wan kap thetkan thima thueng
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lời hẹn cũ trong dịp Tết...?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Aufsteigende Laternen erinnern an Versprechen
|de_tl   = Rising Lanterns Remind of Promises
|id      = Janji yang Diingat saat Lentera Terbang
|id_tl   = Promises that Remembered as Lanterns Fly
|pt      = Promessas Lembradas Enquanto as Lanternas Sobem
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ru:Праздничные обещания]]