{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = History
}}
'''Promotional codes''' are occasionally released by [[HoYoverse]] as part of social media events, live streams, celebratory milestones, or similar activities.

Codes can be claimed in two ways:
* '''Online:''' Through the official ''Genshin Impact'' [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/gift Code Redemption] page. (Global Server only)
* '''In-Game:''' Through the Settings Menu ➤ Account ➤ Redeem Code.

Additionally, please be aware of the following conditions:
* The player must be at least [[Adventure Rank]] 10 to redeem most of the codes.
** Current exceptions are ''GENSHINGIFT'' and codes claimed from the ''Prime Gaming'' offer, which are redeemable as early as Adventure Rank 1. The player must be at least Adventure Rank 2 to be able to claim the rewards from their in-game mailbox.
* Attempting to reuse an already claimed code will either elicit a response saying that the code is already in use, or will still confirm it as valid, but an in-game mail will be sent telling the player that they have already claimed the code.
* Inputting any space characters at the beginning or end of a code will cause the code to become invalid.

==Active Codes==
All times listed below are according to UTC. Also note that "indefinite" does not mean "infinite"; a code can become nonredeemable if it hits its max usage limit or if HoYoverse decides to revoke it.
{{Code Row/Header}}<!--
To add to this list:
0. Firstly, pay attention whether the new code isn't a part of an existing code group!
   Those codes usually start off with the same 4 characters at the beginning, and that means that you cannot redeem another one after already activating one.
   In such case add such code to an existing group with semicolon delimiter (;) and note "Using any of the codes will render the other(s) unusable."
   Otherwise, if it's a new promotional code:
1. Copy the following code:
   {{Code Row
   |WA8MJCETGXLR|server|notacode=no
   |reward
   |discovery date|expiry
   |notes|ref=<ref>[references]</ref>
   }}
2. Replace "code" with the Genshin code (or the link to where you can get the codes). If what is provided is not a code, add the parameter "notacode=yes" before this. Add references to the |ref= parameter.
3. Replace "server" with NA (America), EU (Europe), SEA (Asia), CN (China), or SAR (TW/HK/Macao). Use 'A' for all servers. Use 'G' for Global servers (America, Europe, Asia, TW/HK/Macao, if the code is not available in CN server).
4. Replace "reward" with the appropriate reward templates
5. Replace "discovery date" with the date of discovery
6. Replace "expiry" with the UTC date that the code expires. You can convert to UTC by searching Bing or Google.
7. You can add optional notes by adding to the sixth unnamed parameter.
-->
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|ZT5RJ4AX4WYV|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*60;Adventurer's Experience*5<!--
	-->|2025-05-01|unknown<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|NODKRAI0910|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*200<!--
	-->|2025-04-30|2025-05-03<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|FATUI|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*30<!--
	-->|2025-04-30|2025-05-03<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|FROSTMOONSCIONS|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*30<!--
	-->|2025-04-30|2025-05-03<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|LIGHTKEEPERS|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*30<!--
	-->|2025-04-30|2025-05-03<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|THEWILDHUNT|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*30<!--
	-->|2025-04-30|2025-05-03<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|VOYNICHGUILD|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*30<!--
	-->|2025-04-30|2025-05-03<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
   -->|OSOIDWA2R5H3|A<!--
   -->|Mora*10000;Adventurer's Experience*10;Fine Enhancement Ore*5;Stir-Fried Fish Noodles*5;Jueyun Chili Chicken*5<!--
   -->|2025-04-16|unknown<!--
   -->|ref=<ref>https://www.hoyolab.com/article/38285323</ref><!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|HS4NM7YDGC99|A<!--
    -->|Primogem*60;Adventurer's Experience*5<!--
	-->|2025-03-22|unknown<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row<!--
	-->|GENSHINGIFT|A<!--
	-->|Primogem*50;Hero's Wit*3<!--
	-->|2020-11-10|indef<!--
	-->|Found in ads located on YouTube and similar. Code hit max usage 5 August 2021, but started working again as early as 11 August 2021.<!--
-->}}
{{Code Row/Footer}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[Category:Events]]

[[es:Códigos promocionales]]
[[ja:交換コード]]
[[tr:Etkinleştirme kodu]]
[[vi:Mã Quà]]
[[zh:兑换码]]