{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02017
|image         = Archon Quest C2A3 Proof of Guilt.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = III
|act           = Omnipresence Over Mortals
|part          = 5
|description   = You hurry to find proof of your claims to [[Kujou Sara]] that the [[Kujou Clan]] has betrayed the [[Shogunate]] within three days.
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kamisato Ayaka; Paimon; Sayu; Thoma; Traveler; Yae Miko; Yoimiya
|startLocation = [[Chinju Forest]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = The Servant's Path
|next          = Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage
|exp           = 650
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|3|part=5}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Chinju Forest]]
# Find the [[Sayu|helper]] {{sic|the}} [[Yae Miko]] spoke of
# Go to [[Komore Teahouse]]
# Talk to [[Thoma]]
# Go and enlist [[Yoimiya]]'s help
#* Obtain [[Supersized Firework]]
# Wait for midnight (00:00 – 05:00)
# Go to the designated location near the [[Tenryou Commission]] Headquarters
# Talk to [[Sayu]]
# Set off fireworks to distract the guards
# Flee the scene and return to Komore Teahouse
#* This is a timed challenge (60 seconds) involving [[Stealth]]. The timer does not stop while the game is paused.
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during the challenge.
#* Teleportation is disabled during the challenge.
# Talk to [[Kamisato Ayaka]]

==Notes==
* [[Elemental Sight]] is not very useful for finding Sayu, as she will be shown as part of the environment, not a colored object.
* When fleeing after setting off the fireworks:
** The regular [[Patrol Soldier]] NPCs will not move or have stealth gauges. However, there is no difference between getting caught by a new guard NPC or one of the regular guard NPCs.
** There will be [[Anemo Ring]]s for two paths. One leads immediately into the city, where there are more guards but plenty of buildings for cover. The other leads out to sea, where there is a large [[Wind Current]] with more Anemo Rings that lead back to the city and closer to Komore Teahouse but also almost immediately within sight of both regular and quest Patrol Officers if all Anemo Rings are used. The quickest and safest way to Komore Teahouse is to take the path out to sea, then take the left path and break out of it early to approach Komore Teahouse from the sea. There will only be one guard that will need to be avoided, or even no guards if reached quickly enough.
** Interacting with an NPC or an object, such as a bulletin board, will render the Traveler invisible to the Patrol Guards.

==Achievements==
* Successfully escaping the guards after setting off the fireworks grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Fantabulous Firework Fiesta]]."

==Idle Quotes==
Each Patrol Officer NPC that has a Stealth gauge has a special idle quote for this quest.
* "What's going on?"
** {{A|vo dqaq105 6 soldiera 01.ogg}} "What's going on?"
* "...Over by the statue..."
** {{A|vo dqaq105 6 soldierb 01.ogg}} "It came from over by the statue. Let's investigate."
* "Did I just see..."
** {{A|vo dqaq105 6 soldiere 01.ogg}} "Did I just see someone run past?"
* "Stay alert!"
** {{A|vo dqaq105 6 soldierf 01.ogg}} "Stay alert, stay alert!"
* "We mustn't let anything happen to the Statue..."
** {{A|vo dqaq105 6 soldierc 01.ogg}} "We mustn't let anything happen to the Statue."
* "Move it!"
** {{A|vo dqaq105 6 soldierd 01.ogg}} "Move it! Stop dragging your feet!"

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to ???)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! That toy tanuki just turned into a human!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on, Paimon's never seen one of these before!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Not a tanuki... I'm a mujina... *snore*...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'm so tired... if I don't get enough sleep... it'll stunt my growth...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, is this the "professional" you were talking about?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh... She doesn't look very professional at all.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... She is a member of the [[Shuumatsuban]], a genuine, bona-fide ninja.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, a ninja! So was that one of those legendary ninja transformation techniques?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, what's the Shuumatsuban?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It belongs to the [[Yashiro Commission]]. A secret unit under [[Kamisato Ayato]].
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now, Kamisato Ayato and the Yashiro Commission are neutral parties, so I have no right to give orders to the Shuumatsuban.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' However, convincing their most chronically lazy member to help us is well within my abilities.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ah...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Here's what I need you to do: Go into town and find evidence of the Tenryou Commission's betrayal.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It would not be appropriate for me to be seen there myself.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You make it sound so simple, but...
:{{DIcon}} I have no idea what I'm looking for.
:{{DIcon}} What exactly is the evidence?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? Oh, I thought you would have figured it out by now. Alright then, I'll indulge you with a little more information.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' For a complete outsider, probing the inner workings of the Tenryou Commission is nigh on impossible.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But since the three Commissions work together to serve the Shogun, they have a close relationship. Someone from one of the other Commissions might have an easier job of figuring out what they're up to...
:{{DIcon}} The [[Yashiro Commission]]!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... Now you're following me.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The [[Shogun's Army]] haven't given up on their search for you yet, but with the help of this Shuumatsuban ninja, I'm sure you'll be able to rendezvous with your friends.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 1 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't forget we're on a tight schedule here. Be sure to bring back the evidence in good time.

----
;(Upon entering Komore Teahouse)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thoma! Thoma, you there?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's us, we're back!

;(Upon finding Thoma)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' (Traveler), what brings you here?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Did you meet with the resistance? How's the battle going? Is it safe for me to come out yet?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not just yet... we saw people patrolling on our way here.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So it's still not over... I guess you came here because you have something to discuss?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'll get someone to call for [[Kamisato Ayaka|Miss Kamisato]], bear with me for one second.

:'''''You inform Ayaka and Thoma of the current situation...'''''

:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I see. You have been through a lot since we last met.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I understand, you need evidence of the Tenryou Commission's betrayal. Let me think...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Now that you mention it, there is one thing that has always concerned me. The Shogun's Army has been at war with the resistance for a long time now, but not once has the Shogun ever inquired about it.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I used to think that she simply didn't care, but looking at it now, perhaps the problem all along has been with the {{Color|buzz|Tenryou Commission's reports}} to the Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The Tenryou Commission presides over domestic military affairs. If they ever had any intention of concealing information in their reports, we would have no way of knowing.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Meanwhile, the Shogun would incorrectly conclude that the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] poses no threat, and would stick to her decision. If we had access to their reports, it would confirm everything.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But as I recall, the only person authorized to access that kind of official documentation is [[Kujou Takayuki]].
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It's heavily guarded too. Even with Sayu's help, swiping a document from under their noses is no easy task.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' If only there was a way we could distract the guards just for long enough.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} A distraction, you say...
:{{DIcon}} We've done this before...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' [[Yoimiya]]'s fireworks!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That's a very Thoma-sounding suggestion...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But it's a reasonable one. The [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]] is right by the Tenryou Commission. If someone set off fireworks near the statue, they certainly wouldn't ignore it.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' While they were preoccupied with that, Sayu could infiltrate the Tenryou Commission and take the report, as well as any other evidence she might find...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Great! It feels like I'm getting closer and closer to being a free man again.
;(Ayaka, Thoma, and the Traveler sit at a table with food)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah... It feels like it's been an eternity since we last sat down and talked like this.
:{{DIcon}} It's not been quite that long...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, it certainly felt like it to me... I've been looking forward to seeing you again every day since I got here!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This Teahouse used to be my favorite hiding place, but now... I've honestly lost track of how long it's been since I last set foot outside of here.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh, man! I want to go to the hot springs so badly!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Poor Thoma...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Let's focus on the issue at hand. The sooner the Vision Hunt Decree is abolished, the sooner Thoma will be free.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This was a reunion of sorts, but there's no time to catch up. We'll celebrate properly when it's all over.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh, let's play the hot pot game again!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're still thinking about that!?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The Tenryou Commission is heavily guarded. Be careful when you get near. Let's meet back here afterwards.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, (Traveler). First, let's go to {{Color|buzz|Hanamizaka}} to find {{Color|buzz|Yoimiya}}.

;(Talk to Thoma again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq105 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' *sigh* I really hope the plan works out...

;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq105 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Fireworks are more visible at night... If possible, I suggest you wait till {{Color|buzz|after dark}} to put your plan into action.

----
;(Talk to Yoimiya)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yoimiya, we need an extra-large firework! The super, duper big kind!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' "Extra-large firework"?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hee-hee, you sure came to the right person.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' As it happens, I made this really souped-up one just a couple days ago.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But it's so powerful that I haven't found anywhere I can test it out yet... may as well give it to you. Let me know how it turns out.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't forget, move well away from it after you light the fuse, and try to avoid burning your clothes. Also, it's best that you cover your ears...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh, why does Paimon feel so nervous all of a sudden...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hahaha, don't worry, it's just a firework, come on. What's the worst that could happen!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll give it a try... Thanks, Yoimiya.
;(Obtain [[Supersized Firework]])

;(If not between 00{{colon}}00 and 05{{colon}}00)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we've got our distraction. Now we just need to wait for nightfall.

;(Talk to Yoimiya again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq105 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hmm? Is there anything else you want?

----
;(Arrive at the designated location between 00{{colon}}00 and 05{{colon}}00)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Mmm... pretty much how I thought...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' There are loads and loads of people... if one of them spots me, I'll get caught...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' We need to get rid of them, or I won't be able to sneak inside...
:{{DIcon}} We'll just have to trust Yoimiya.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' After I get the document, let's meet back at {{Color|buzz|Komore Teahouse}}, okay?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Also, if I do get caught... please come rescue me...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this really a good idea...?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, a&mdash;anyway, let's make our way to the {{Color|buzz|statue}}! Careful does it, watch out for guards and don't get caught!

----
;(After setting off the fireworks)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of firework is this!? By the look of it, Paimon's ears are gonna get blown off!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Yoimiya... you are officially nuts...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, they're all coming this way! (Traveler), quick, run!

;(If you get caught - possible dialogue #1)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 soldier 01.ogg}} '''Patrol Officer:''' Stop! I have orders to search for a wanted criminal!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! Hide &mdash; quick!

;(If you get caught - possible dialogue #2)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 soldier 02.ogg}} '''Patrol Officer:''' You! The warrant is for your arrest! Freeze!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no &mdash; run!

----
;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Well, (Traveler)? How did it go?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure...
:{{DIcon}} We lit the firework and ran away...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Well done. Let's wait for news from Sayu.

:'''''After some time...'''''

:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *panting*...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I know exercise helps you grow, but this was a little too much exercise...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I feel so dizzy... everyone is spinning...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, I can't sleep yet. There was something important I was supposed to do first... Oh, right, yeah. I got it!
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I didn't know how to find the document you guys were talking about, so I just swiped a whole bunch of stuff that looked suspicious.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Here you go... I'm going to sleep now...
;(Sayu leaves the room)
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Milady, what are we looking at?
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This sealed envelope must be an official report that the Tenryou Commission is preparing to present to the Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' In addition, we have... correspondence with the [[Fatui]].
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It seems that Guuji Yae was right. They have been fomenting unrest behind the scenes.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' (Traveler), this should be ample evidence. Please take them to {{Color|buzz|Guuji Yae}}. I trust she will have a plan for the next step.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I will also gather some people to try and root out the rest of the Fatui in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Still, mind yourself when you face the Shogun. I still get goosebumps just thinking about her drawing that blade...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Again, we'll just have to trust Guuji Yae. She is close to the Shogun, so maybe she will have a way...
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Paimon remembers correctly, it should be time for our meeting with Yae Miko soon.
:{{A|vo dqaq105 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's pack up our things and get ready to head to the {{Color|buzz|Grand Narukami Shrine}}.
;(Obtain [[Official Tenryou Commission Document]] and [[Tenryou Commission Secret Letter]])

;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq105 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That Guuji Yae... she's such an enigma.

;(Talk to Thoma again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq105 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Mind yourself against the Raiden Shogun!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Proof of Guilt
|zhs     = 定罪公文
|zhs_rm  = Dìngzuì Gōngwén
|zht     = 定罪公文
|zht_rm  = Dìngzuì Gōngwén
|zh_tl   = Official Document of Conviction
|ja      = 断罪公文
|ja_rm   = Danzai Koubun
|ja_tl   = Official Document of Conviction
|ko      = 정죄의 공문
|ko_rm   = Jeongjoe-ui Gongmun
|ko_tl   = Official Document of Purgation
|es      = Quantum probatorio
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Document incriminant
|fr_tl   = Incriminating Document
|ru      = Доказательства вины
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ประกาศพิพากษา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Judgement Announcement
|vi      = {{tt|Công Văn|公文}} {{tt|Định Tội|定罪}}
|vi_tl   = Official Document of Conviction
|de      = Schuldbeweis
|de_tl   = Proof of Guilt
|id      = Bukti Kesalahan
|id_tl   = Proof of Guilt
|pt      = Documento Incriminatório
|pt_tl   = Incriminating Document
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[pt-br:Documento Incriminatório]]