{{Constellation Infobox
|image       = Constellation Prophecy of Submersion.png
|description = When any of your own party members hits an opponent affected by an Omen, the effects of {{Color|Hydro-related Elemental Reactions}} are enhanced for 8s:
*[[Electro-Charged]] DMG increases by 15%.
*[[Vaporize]] DMG increases by 15%.
*Hydro [[Swirl]] DMG increases by 15%.
*[[Frozen]] duration is extended by 15%.
|level       = 1
|character   = Mona
|utility1    = Elemental Reaction Enhancement
|utility2    = Electro-Charged DMG Bonus
|utility3    = Vaporize DMG Bonus
|utility4    = Hydro Swirl DMG Bonus
}}
'''Prophecy of Submersion''' is [[Mona]]'s Level 1 [[Constellation]].

==Gameplay Notes==
*Only the {{Color|Hydro-related Elemental Reactions}} listed in the Constellation description are enhanced; the effects of [[Bloom]] and [[Crystallize]] are unaffected.
**Contrary to the description, this Constellation does ''not'' have any effect on [[Frozen]] duration.<ref>Community Document: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10SMEo9XGQQvhNQ2QsTeggynewt8unRYxCGOaJF_qWr4/edit#gid=762498999&range=B111:S112 Mona C1 Freeze]</ref>
*This bonus does not apply in the triggering attack nor from the resulting {{Color|Hydro DMG}} dealt by Illusory Bubble in [[Stellaris Phantasm]] regardless if they were from resulting reactions.
*The buff will apply to all party members.
**In [[Co-Op Mode]], it only applies to the team members of the Mona player.
*In the [[Spiral Abyss]], it is possible for the buff to transfer to the next team in the other chamber if it has not expired.
*This bonus is signified by the {{Hydro}} aura Mona and her teammates gain.

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file=Constellation Prophecy of Submersion
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Prophecy of Submersion
|zhs     = 沉没的预言
|zhs_rm  = Chénmò de Yùyán
|zht     = 沉沒的預言
|zht_rm  = Chénmò de Yùyán
|zh_tl   = Prophecy of Submersion
|ja      = 沈没の預言
|ja_rm   = Chinbotsu no Yogen
|ja_tl   = Prophecy of Submersion
|ko      = 침몰한 예언
|ko_rm   = Chimmolhan Ye'eon
|ko_tl   = Sunken Prophecy
|es      = Profecía de sumersión
|es_tl   = Prophecy of Submersion
|fr      = Prophétie immersive
|fr_tl   = Immersive Prophecy
|ru      = Пророчество потопа
|ru_tl   = Prophecy of Deluge
|th      = Prophecy of Submersion
|vi      = Tiên Tri Chìm Đắm
|vi_tl   = Prophecy of Submersion
|de      = Prophezeiung des Untergangs
|de_tl   = Prophecy of Submersion
|de_note = The word {{de|Untergang|lit=going under}}, being of naval origins, was initially used to described the finished act of a ship sinking. However, it gained the second metaphorical meaning of "downfall" or "doom" and is nowadays commonly used to describe the end of anything or anyone it refers to (i.e. "''Das war sein Untergang''", meaning "This was his downfall").
|id      = Prophecy of Submersion
|pt      = Profecia da Submersão
|pt_tl   = Prophecy of Submersion
|tr      = Batışın Kehaneti
|tr_tl   = Prophecy of Submersion
|it      = Profezia sommersa
|it_tl   = Submerged Profecy
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Mona}}

[[fr:Prophétie immersive]]
[[ja:沈没の預言]]
[[pt-br:Profecia da Submersão]]
[[ru:Пророчество потопа]]
[[th:Prophecy of Submersion]]
[[vi:Tiên Tri Chìm Đắm]]