{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 25027<!--;25028-->
|type           = Commission
|image          = Commission Prophets of Pop.png
|startLocation  = [["People of the Springs"]], [[Natlan]]
|startLocation2 = [[Ameyalco Waters]], Natlan
|region         = Natlan
|subarea        = Toyac Springs
|otherRewards   = * AR-Dependent Rewards
* Defeating all enemies without breaking the crate holding the record in the second version of the commission grants the player {{Achievement|Music Never Dies!}}
|characters     = Traveler; Milu Nui; Haloa Nui; Tirda; Lillo
|npc            = Milu Nui
}}
'''''Prophets of Pop''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
;Version 1
# Talk to [[Milu Nui]]
:;If the player chooses to hear from customers{{Colon}}
#<li value=2> Seek customer feedback in the shop
#* The customer can be any one of [[Haloa Nui]], [[Mahina Nui]], or [[Tirda]].
# Report back to Milu Nui
:;If the player chooses to gather sound samples{{Colon}}
#<li value=2> Go gather materials with Milu Nui
# "Advise" the angry tribespeople to leave{{Enemy List|Forged Sand Shieldbreaker*1;Forged Sand Javelineer*1}}
# Talk to Milu Nui

;Version 2
# Talk to Milu Nui
# Retrieve the record{{Enemy List|Koholasaurus Warrior: Reefsplitter*1;Flowing Blade Grease-Saw*1;Flowing Blade Skirmisher*1;Flowing Blade Harpoon-Thrower}}
# Talk to the calm tribesperson
# Report back to Milu Nui

==Gameplay Notes==
* Defeating all enemies without breaking the crate holding the record and record player in the second version of the commission grants the player {{Achievement|Music Never Dies!}}

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet a musician in Natlan named Milu Nui, but he appears to have run into some trouble...}}

===Version 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Milu Nui)
:;(If this commission has not been completed before)
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Seriously, there's no getting through to [[Pakaa]]... He doesn't understand my musical ideals at all!
:::{{DIcon}} What happened?
:::{{DIcon}} And what are these musical ideals you speak of?
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Hmm? You're a... traveler? Greetings. Call me Milu Nui. I'm a musician.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' If you've been to [[Xochicuicatl Records]], you'll have seen my records in the pop music section.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' They contain all that I understand of "pop" itself.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' It's just that Pakaa doesn't understand me at all, and insists that my music resembles "kiddy music" more than it does "pop."
:::'''Milu Nui:''' And no matter what I say, he wants my records placed in the children's section!
:::'''Milu Nui:''' I mean, yes, children do like my songs, and some parents do buy them as gifts for their kids...
:::'''Milu Nui:''' But in truth, children are the keenest listeners! And there's a lot of them in the tribe anyhow...
:::'''Milu Nui:''' So if my records are so popular amongst the kids, I should have a spot in the pop section!
:::{{DIcon}} That... does make some sense...
:::{{DIcon}} You could consider it "children's pop."
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Right? Hmph! I knew Pakaa was just being his usual ignorant self. But no more! Once I'm done writing this new song, he'll have no choice but to admit how impressed he is!
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Not that I trust his taste in music anymore, though... Anyway, traveler, how familiar would you call yourself with music?
:::{{DIcon}} Uhh...
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Do you play an instrument? It's fine if you just sing or hum!
:::{{DIcon}} I'm as musically versatile as they come.
::::'''Milu Nui:''' Awesome! In that case, I'm sure you'll understand my philosophy of music!
:::{{DIcon}} Not in the slightest...
::::'''Milu Nui:''' No matter! Only someone like you can truly enjoy music from the heart. I'm sure your judgment will be all the more objective and fair for it.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Someone like you is exactly who I need if I'm to create this all-new jam.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Don't worry, I'll have a most ample reward ready &mdash; it'll be well worth your while.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Alright then. Just use your intuition, and tell me &mdash; what should I do first to create an excellent piece of music?
:;(If this commission has been completed before)
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Pop... *sigh* What is pop, anyway?
:::{{DIcon}} And how are you going with your musical ideals?
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Ah, {{Traveler}}, a pleasure to see you again! As for my musical ideals, I can only say that... I'm hard at work seeking a breakthrough.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' *sigh* But what sort of "pop" is everyone {{Sic|looking,|expected=looking for,}} really? And how is "pop" supposed to feel?
:::'''Milu Nui:''' I know you're someone who appreciates music, {{Traveler}}.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' So please, would you mind giving me some more suggestions based on your intuition? What should I do first to create an excellent piece of music?
:{{DIcon}} We should hear from customers first.
::'''Milu Nui:''' Well, that... I don't disagree, and I've actually made some inquiries myself...
::'''Milu Nui:''' But it feels like they just default to pleasantries when they see me, so I never get to hear their honest opinions.
::'''Milu Nui:''' {{Traveler}}, could you help me ask around instead?
::'''Milu Nui:''' I imagine they'll... feel more comfortable being honest with you.
:{{DIcon}} You could try gathering some sound samples...
::'''Milu Nui:''' Sounds...? Oh, do you mean to say that we could sample the sounds of nature and use them directly in the songs?
::'''Milu Nui:''' Hmm... That does sound like a good idea. Yes, very good indeed! See, I knew you were a sharp shovel! Come on, let's get going!
::{{DIcon}} Wait, you're not bringing anything with you?
::'''Milu Nui:''' Of course not. Or are you expecting me to drag a gramophone around out there?
::'''Milu Nui:''' Don't worry, we're just going to see what sorts of sounds we can use.
::'''Milu Nui:''' A duck flapping its wings, for instance, or the splash made as a [[Koholasaurus]] hits the water, or the rumbling footsteps of a [[Tepetlisaurus]] walking...
::'''Milu Nui:''' Once we've selected out targets, I'll make the preparations to take those sound samples... but that's all for later.
::'''Milu Nui:''' As for the here and now, let's head out &mdash; time's a-wasting!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Hearing From Customers====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Milu Nui again, optional)
:'''Milu Nui:''' Pop... What is pop, anyway? Goodness...

;(Talk to Tirda)
:'''Tirda:''' ...Milu's style is the same as ever.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Milu Nui's music...
:'''Tirda:''' Hmm? Oh, I love his style of composition. I listen to his songs after work. Really helps me relax.
:'''Tirda:''' But if you asked me personally, I'd call his lyrics... a bit, well, overly complex.
:'''Tirda:''' *sigh* I wish he'd make a record without lyrics, y'know? Only instrumental tracks.

;(Talk to Tirda again, optional)
:'''Tirda:''' *sigh* I wish he'd make a record without lyrics, y'know? Only instrumental tracks.

;(Talk to Haloa Nui)
:'''Haloa Nui:''' Ooh, a new record! The baby [[Saurian]]'s gonna love this!
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Milu Nui's music...
:'''Haloa Nui:''' I love Uncle Milu's songs &mdash; and really, the baby Saurian we have back home loves them more than I do!
:'''Haloa Nui:''' Whenever it gets too rowdy, Mom plays one of his songs, and then it quiets down real quick.
:'''Haloa Nui:''' Hmm... Those songs are super long, though. I can barely remember the lyrics, let alone sing 'em for it...
:'''Haloa Nui:''' Hehe, if he could write some songs with fewer lyrics, I'd be able to sing them every day for that kid's listening pleasure!

;(Talk to Haloa Nui again, optional)
:'''Haloa Nui:''' Hehe, if he could write some songs with fewer lyrics, I'd be able to sing them every day for that kid's listening pleasure!

;(Talk to Mahina Nui)
:'''Mahina Nui:''' Mr. Milu's released a new record! Should I buy it or not...
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Milu Nui's music...
:'''Mahina Nui:''' Hmm? Oh, he's great! Haloa and the baby Saurian love it.
:'''Mahina Nui:''' Every time they get all rowdy and stubborn and don't wanna sleep, I'll play them Mr. Milu's "Spring-day Song."
:'''Mahina Nui:''' As soon as they hear it, they're asleep in no time &mdash; voila,  sweet dreams, see you tomorrow.
:'''Mahina Nui:''' Still though... Haloa has been saying that she'd prefer something a bit more intense.
:'''Mahina Nui:''' If Mr. Milu could come up with a couple of tunes with a bit more energy, I'm sure she'd have more fun with 'em.

;(Talk to Mahina Nui again, optional)
:'''Mahina Nui:''' If Mr. Milu could come up with a couple of tunes with a bit more energy, I'm sure she'd have more fun with 'em.

;(Talk to Milu Nui)
:'''Milu Nui:''' How did it go? Did they have any feedback?
:{{DIcon}} I've heard these opinions...
:{{Black Screen|You convey the customer feedback to Milu Nui...}}
:'''Milu Nui:''' A&mdash;Ah. Is that how things are? Thank you, the feedback is quite valuable. Let me see what I can change...
:'''Milu Nui:''' Still, from the sound of it... aren't they all treating my records like kids' songs!?
:'''Milu Nui:''' ...No, no, all the more reason to make some changes... Still, where do I begin?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Gathering Sound Samples====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Milu Nui:''' Phew! Alright, this is the spot. Look at the nature all around us! Bask in its perfection!
:'''Milu Nui:''' Come, let us walk about. Surely, there must be some interesting audio for us to sample!

;(Approach the marker)
:'''Milu Nui:''' Look at those birds, listen to their cries! My, oh my, if those wouldn't make excellent material for my next work!
:'''Milu Nui:''' Still, things could get pretty one-note if we only recorded a few of them. If we could find a whole flock and record the sound of their collective calls...
:'''Milu Nui:''' Hang on, that's a Koholasaurus just up ahead. You hear how it scratches the stone with its claws?
:'''Milu Nui:''' Koholasaurs are the sensitive sort, so let's not get too close. I'll get some professionals from our tribe to gather what I need afterward &mdash; if anyone can pull this off, it'd be them.
:'''Milu Nui:''' Oh, ho... warriors testing themselves against one another. Good, good, the sounds of battle are lovely indeed...
:'''Angry Tribal Warrior:''' Oi! What're you skulking about for? You here for a fight?
:'''Milu Nui:''' We're just... gathering materials...
:'''Angry Tribal Warrior:''' Gathering? Well, I'll show you "gathering"!
:'''Milu Nui:''' H&mdash;Help! {{Traveler}}, stop him!

;(After defeating enemies)
:'''Milu Nui:''' Phew! You're quite the dab hand yourself, aren't you, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Milu Nui:''' You seem good at persuading the more agitated types...
:{{DIcon}} That wasn't even my full power.
::'''Milu Nui:''' I could tell. In every possible aspect... it is quite obvious.
:{{DIcon}} I thought it went okay.
::'''Milu Nui:''' That's very modest of you. Thank you, in any case.
:'''Milu Nui:''' Well, that was quite the adventure, but either way, I've selected plenty of sounds to sample.
:'''Milu Nui:''' After just a bit of prep work, I'll be able to officially start recording the audio...
:'''Milu Nui:''' Hmm... We should start with the "sounds of battle"...
:'''Milu Nui:''' Wait, no. That's not a good place to begin. We should open up with something more normal...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 2===
{{Quest Description|You meet a musician in Natlan named Milu Nui, but he appears to have encountered some trouble...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Milu Nui)
:'''Milu Nui:''' Oh no, oh no! My pop music masterpiece is about to be consumed! Devoured!
:'''Milu Nui:''' Had I known this would happen, I'd have asked &mdash; no, begged &mdash; Pakaa to put it in the children's section...
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:'''Milu Nui:''' You're... Wait, you're {{Traveler}}! Wonderful! You're here!
:'''Milu Nui:''' I have a commission for you &mdash; one of utmost importance! Natlan's... no, the future of pop music the world over is in your hands! Please, you must rescue it!
:{{DIcon}} O&mdash;One moment, take your time!
:{{DIcon}} Oh? Is it that obvious I can sing?
::'''Milu Nui:''' Huh? Um... Well... I'm glad you have the talent, and we could certainly work together in the future. But for now...
:'''Milu Nui:''' Please, save my record! If not, it shall be eaten by those little Koholasaurs... or wrecked by those tone-deaf thugs!

;(Talk to Milu Nui again, optional)
:'''Milu Nui:''' Did you manage to get my record back?
:{{DIcon}} Why did they snatch it, anyway?
:'''Milu Nui:''' This... Well, it's a long story. I had just come up with a brand-new song. It sings of Spring, animals, and some other things...
:'''Milu Nui:''' But after listening to it, that rascal Pakaa just dumped it straight into the children's section!
:'''Milu Nui:''' He even had the nerve &mdash; the nerve! &mdash; to tell me how children and baby Saurians alike would adore such interesting, pithy tunes...
:'''Milu Nui:''' Argh, dammit! I'm making real pop music over here! Not kids' songs!
:'''Milu Nui:''' I was so beside myself with fury that I brought my record here, hoping to enjoy the music I'd made myself.
:'''Milu Nui:''' But as I listened, a group of little Koholasaurs came crowding over.
:'''Milu Nui:''' And before I knew it, they came charging in, snatched the record up with their teeth, and made off with it!
:'''Milu Nui:''' I planned to give chase, but before I'd gone far, I discovered a gathering of people... and an angry lot they were, too!
:'''Milu Nui:''' They might've been the ones who, coveting the music I'd made, directed the Koholasaurs to snag my record.
:'''Milu Nui:''' And, and... Aaargh! I've had it with this! Please, good adventurer. I, Milu Nui, am begging you &mdash; please, help me get my record back!
:'''Milu Nui:''' I&mdash;If you can... Please, try to keep my record as intact as you can. If not... My hard work over the last few days... It will all be in vain...

;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Impatient Tribesperson:''' Bah. This record isn't anything special, either. Not an element of pop present, not even a "snap"!
:'''Calm Tribesperson:''' Well, it wasn't right anyway, taking the record without consent. You should return it.
:'''Impatient Tribesperson:''' Seriously? You really have gone all soft and sentimental after working with that guy from Liyue.
:'''Impatient Tribesperson:''' Besides, these don't sell anyway, so aren't I helping him up his sales count?
:'''Impatient Tribesperson:''' Hah! The baby Saurians are enjoying it, though! Just look at 'em.
:'''Calm Tribesperson:''' Enough. Give me the record. I'll return it myself.
:'''Impatient Tribesperson:''' ...You done yet? Or do you wanna fight?
:'''Impatient Tribesperson:''' Just in time &mdash; My muscles could do with some stretching! Haven't had anything to use as practice lately, y'know?
<!--
;(While fighting the enemies)
:'''Impatient Tribesperson:''' Hahaha! Someone new to test myself against, nice!
-->

;(If the crates are broken while fighting the enemies)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no! The record's been broken too!

;(Approach the marked location after defeating the enemies)
:;(If the record was not broken)
:::'''Paimon:''' Phew. Thank goodness, it's undamaged...
:::'''Calm Tribesperson:''' He must've been trying to lead us that way. Good thing you're so skilled.
:;(If the record was broken)
:::'''Paimon:''' Ah... Looks like these boxes were broken... and the record atop them was...
:::'''Calm Tribesperson:''' He must be leading us over that way. *sigh* Where did he learn all this nonsense from?
:'''Calm Tribesperson:''' You're the ones Mr. Milu Nui asked to pick up the record, right? I've seen you talking to him, so I can guess your purpose.
:'''Calm Tribesperson:''' We're all People of the Springs. That guy... He used to be an alright sort. No clue where he's been getting all these bad habits lately.
:'''Calm Tribesperson:''' Ah yes, I forgot to introduce myself. You can call me [[Lillo]] &mdash; and again, I apologize for my... compatriot's behavior.
:'''Lillo:''' ...Bah. I'm no good at formal conversation. If we were back with the tribe, I'd have treated you to a drink of water at least.
:{{DIcon}} Eh, I'm an adventurer. I'm used to this...
::'''Lillo:''' Huh, that so? ...Y'know what, judging by your appearance, and how you acquitted yourself back there, you do seem to be an experienced adventurer.
:{{DIcon}} You've worked with people from Liyue before?
::'''Lillo:''' That's right. I was once hired by a gentleman from Liyue. Accompanied him into the mountains to prospect for ore veins.
::'''Lillo:''' I learned a lot from working with him &mdash; and when he left, he even gave me a name in his nation's style, "Yiyang."
::'''Lillo:''' According to him, it means "to soar elegantly in the air." Not that I really understand where he got that, though...
;(If the record was not broken)
::'''Lillo:''' Anyway, never mind that. Let's clean our surroundings up. I'll pack the record so it doesn't get damaged again...
;(If the record was broken)
::'''Lillo:''' ...Anyway. Never mind that for now. Let's clean this place up first. I'll collect the fragments of the record.
:'''Lillo:''' Then I'll go with you to see Mr. Milu Nui. I must apologize to him in person.

;(Talk to Milu Nui)
:;(If the record was not broken)
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Ah, my record! Thank goodness, it's undamaged...
:::'''Lillo:''' I must apologize, Mr Milu Nui. My companion was the one who stole the record. Please accept my apologies on his behalf.
:::{{DIcon}} The record is fine, and that's what matters.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Right you are, right you are indeed. This one was the original record, too... Had it been damaged, I'd have found the nearest cliff to leap off of.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' ...And Lillo, brother, don't hang your head. The record's fine, so there's no point being petty about all this.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Just answer one of my questions, and we'll call us even.
:::'''Lillo:''' Ask away. I will give you my best answer.
:::'''Milu Nui:''' When you were listening to my record, did you think it was good?
:;(If the record was broken)
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Ah... my record... It was the original... The original!
:::'''Lillo:''' I'm very sorry. If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know...
:::{{DIcon}} At least that wasn't the only record of yours...
:::{{DIcon}} At least your music wasn't lost...
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Ah, forget it. And there's no way to restore something this shattered...
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Now that it's come to this, I just want to ask you a question...
:::'''Milu Nui:''' ...When you were listening to my record, did you think it was good?
:'''Milu Nui:''' Not the "it'll be a hit amongst children and baby Saurians" sort of "good," but rather... in the "pop" sense, of having that pop spirit!
:'''Milu Nui:''' Do you get what I mean? Did you get that feeling when listening to it?
:'''Lillo:''' "Pop"? Well... Give me a moment, please...
:'''Milu Nui:''' I mean, you must've sent the baby Saurians to snatch the record because of the deep spirit of pop within the music, didn't you?
:'''Lillo:''' Hang on, please let me explain...
:'''Lillo:''' We... never "ordered" the baby Saurians to snatch your record...
:'''Lillo:''' They were drawn to your song of their own accord...
:;(If the record was not broken)
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Sorry, what?
:::'''Lillo:''' I mean to say that your songs are outstanding! Believe you me, the baby Saurians crowd around and run about every time I play your music. Never seen them happier!
:::'''Milu Nui:''' What? Ugh... But my record...
:::'''Lillo:''' I know how you feel, having such a precious thing threatened like that...
:::'''Lillo:''' But look, I'm willing to work as your bodyguard for free, at least until you've released a new record. No one's stealing anything from you as long as I'm around &mdash; I guarantee it!
:;(If the record was broken)
:::'''Milu Nui:''' Sorry?
:::'''Lillo:''' I mean to say that your songs are outstanding! Believe you me, the baby Saurians crowd around and run about every time I play your music. Never seen them happier!
:::'''Milu Nui:''' What? Ugh... But my record...
:::'''Lillo:''' I know how you feel, and I'm very sorry that such excellent an excellent record was destroyed... Look, I'll help you record a new one! No one's stealing anything from you as long as I'm around&mdash;I guarantee it!
:'''Milu Nui:''' Agh! My records aren't children's songs!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Prophets of Pop
|zhs      = 流行音乐，谁先知？
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 流行音樂，誰先知？
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 流行りの音楽
|ja_rm    = Hayari no Ongaku
|ja_tl    = Trendy Music
|ko       = 대중음악의 선구자?
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Pop o música infantil, esa es la cuestión
|es_tl    = Pop or Children's Music, That Is the Question
|fr       = Qui peut prédire la pop ?
|fr_tl    = Who Can Predict Pop?
|ru       = Пророк популярной музыки
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ดนตรีป๊อป ใครจะรู้?
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nhà Tiên Tri Của Nhạc Pop
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wer hat den besten Riecher für Popmusik?
|de_tl    = Who Has the Best Nose for Pop Music?
|id       = Jagoan Musik Pop
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Profetas do Pop
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Popun Kralı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Profeti del pop
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}