{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality  = 4
|region  = Liyue
|naming  = Weapon name: Prototype ''item''
|lore    = [[Blackcliff Forge]] weapons
|other   =
* Forged using [[Northlander Billet]]s and [[Crystal Chunk]]s
* Shares similar aesthetics and color scheme
* One of two forged weapon series available since [[Version 1.0]]
}}
The '''Prototype Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]].

All weapons in this series can be [[Forging|forged]]. Forging these weapons notably require {{Item|Northlander Billet Trove|link=Northlander Billet|text=Northlander Billets|30}} and {{Item|Crystal Chunk|text=Crystal Chunks|30}}, among other materials.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Prototype Series}}

==Lore==
Ancient prototype weapons from Liyue's arsenal found in the [[Blackcliff Forge]].

Due to the [[cataclysm]], the era of peace that followed the cataclysm started a renaissance for martial arts which brought about great demand for superior weaponry.<ref name="Proto Starglitter">{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Starglitter}}</ref>

Yun Hui, head of the [[Yun Family|Yun family]]'s forge, approached the master craftsman [[Han Wu]] to find a way to revolutionize their craft. After conducting extensive research with their combined expertise, Han Wu drew up designs for a new series of weapons simply named "the prototypes."

Han Wu, who had forged the first greatsword in this new series, travelled north to give the weapon to a chivalrous martial artist to test. After testing the weapon by leveling a bamboo forest in an instant, the martial artist named the weapon "Archaic" since it had the elegance of antiquity.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Archaic}}</ref><br>
Han Wu also personally tried out the sword in the new series at Mt. Tianheng, during which he accidentally dropped it, forming a twelve-inch deep hole in the mountain rock. He then named the sword "Rancour, destroyer of rocks."<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Rancour}}</ref><br>
The first polearm in this new series was left to bask in the moonlight, and in the morning the tip shone like a star. Seeing this, Yun Hui was reminded of his father's glory since his father's name referenced the stars, so Yun Hui dedicated this weapon to his father by naming it "Starglitter."<ref name="Proto Starglitter"/>

Yun Hui requested his friend Han Wu to make a longbow for the new weapon series, so Han Wu sent trade caravans out to gather all kinds of different resources to choose from for the bow. He eventually decided on cudrania wood and fine steel for the bow and Irminsul branches for the bowstring, crafting a bow that was named "Crescent" for the similarity of the string's cool light to the moon.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Crescent}}</ref>

Some people had the opposite reaction and abandoned martial arts for the potential of supernatural arts to counter the sinister forces that remained in the world. However, the catalyst production methods had been unchanged for over a century and broke on first use, so the thaumaturges went to Liyue and pleaded Yun Hui to design a new type of catalyst for them. Yun Hui agreed, adding a new design to the prototype series.<br>
The thaumaturges gifted Yun Hui some Cor Purum for the core of the catalyst. Cor Purum is the result of Cor Lapis being fired for 49 days and then being drenched in water for another 49 days, which makes it unbreakable and apparently allows it to tap into primordial cosmic energy when used in a catalyst. The golden glow of the Cor Purum reminded Yun Hui of amber, so after discussing it with the thaumaturges he named it "Prototype Amber."<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Amber}}</ref>

Each of these weapons became the model for future weapons of each type in Liyue.

==Trivia==
*Based on the context the descriptions 'the great chaos' and 'the great disaster' and mention of a monster threat combined with these weapons being ancient, it's likely they were created slightly under 500 years ago after the event involving the abyss. This is especially likely due to the Prototype Crescent's bowstring being made of Irminsul branches brought back from the abyss.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Prototipo]]
[[ja:試作シリーズ]]
[[ru:Серия Прототип]]