{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71528
|image         = Event Quest Provisionally Perpetual Beetle Battle.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp
|requirement   = Complete Challenges I to IV
|characters    = <!--"Crystal Tornado"; -->Arataki Itto; Grandmaster Hanakado; Guoba; Kuki Shinobu; Paimon; Traveler; Xiangling; Yanfei
|startLocation = [[Guyun Stone Forest]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Guyun Stone Forest
|prev          = Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp!
|rewards       = Arataki Gang's Instant Ramen*1;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Provisionally Perpetual Beetle Battle!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp]] Event.

==Steps==
# Fight Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore
# Talk to [[Arataki Itto]] and company

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After having gone through the Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp, Arataki Itto seems to have realized that the strength of Onikabuto is ultimately limited, and a bold new plan is hatched within his mind...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to "Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore" Guoba)
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''{{tt|Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery|Xiangling}}:''' Hey! Good to see everyone! How's it going? Having fun?
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xiangling, Guoba! You finally made it! Well{{Rubi|, Bull-Chucker's|"Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King"|center=1}} certainly having a blast.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The day has finally come!
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Guoba-san! I've been training hard at the Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp, and now I wanna show you just how far I've come! ...Uh, and Crimson Staff too!
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If my progress satisfies you, then please, teach me! Show me the way to communicate with Crimson Staff, Crystal Tornado, and all the shelled organisms of this world!
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Do that, and I swear, once I become the reigning champion of the beetle-fighting world, I will build a mighty statue in your image at the Arataki Gang's beetle-fighting headquarters!
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 gooba 01.ogg}} '''{{tt|Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore|Guoba}}:''' ♪~
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What the...! Guoba-san got a brand new Onikabuto?
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That does not look normal!
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' It appears to be not a typical Onikabuto shell, but one built of resilient wood... Is it wearing a suit of armor?
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' We told Granny all about your Onikabuto boot camp. It really piqued her interest when she heard that Guoba was getting a disciple...
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' As it turned out, [[Cloud Retainer|a friend]] of hers had made her a whole bunch of gardening and landscaping machines to look after the Silk Flowers on the terrace. They're called [[Bloom Pruner]]s.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' The Bloom Pruner can transform into the shape of any creature to blend into its environment. Squirrels, Butterflies, Finches, you name it. And of course, Onikabuto too.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' So Master gave Guoba a Bloom Pruner and got it to take the form of an Onikabuto so it can battle against you.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...That's pretty hi-tech for a gardening appliance.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xiangling's master is Madame Ping, so Madame Ping's friend... Aha! Of course!
:{{DIcon}} Remind me who that is again?
:{{DIcon}} Zip it! Don't spoil it!
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' No machine can compare to a real, live Onikabuto warrior! Did Guoba-san pick a dumbed-down enemy on purpose so we can showcase all our awesome skills?
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 hanakado 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' You may be wise to temper your optimism, Oni King... My beetle senses are failing to detect this Onikabuto's might. Or perhaps... it's too profound for me to fathom.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Eh, it's not even alive. There's nothing for you to sense.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uhh anyway, Guoba-san may possess limitless power, but a warrior needs to be one with his weapon. The bond between Onikabuto and trainer is forged through blood, sweat, and tears, not wood, mesh, and gears! Crimson Staff and I are like glove and fist.
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Let's get this duel going. It's time for Guoba-san to witness my true potential once and for all!
:{{A|vo dceq003 9 gooba 02.ogg}} '''Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore:''' ♪...

;(Defeat Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore)
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Rubi|Whoa! Bull-Chucker sure|"Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King"|center=1}} made short work of the Bloom Pruner!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I won! Victory is mine! With my trusty Crimson Staff, I have defeated the {{Rubi|mighty Guoba-san!&nbsp;&nbsp;|"Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore"|center=1}}
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alrighty then... Hoo-hoo, the moment I've been waiting for!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem... Guoba-san, if I have earned your recognition, I humbly ask you to teach me the ways of shelled-organism communication...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 gooba 01.ogg}} '''Guoba:''' ♪~
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...Huh? Guoba-san, you look... pleased? But you just lost to me in battle...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Does this mean you're... proud of me for my swift progress?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aw, shucks, I dunno what to say! Hahahahaha, you're too kind, Guoba-san! ...Ah, you're just being modest, I know you were going easy on me...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It looks like Guoba's all warmed up now. The Bloom Pruner is ready to operate at full power.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Guoba, remember the plan? In this round, we wanna increase the Bloom Pruner's power output from a tenth of a percent to one percent, okay?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Any higher, and you'll risk knocking Itto's Onikabuto out cold.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 gooba 02.ogg}} '''Guoba:''' ♪!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, there it is. Paimon knew something was up.
:{{DIcon}} What? A tenth of a percent!?
:{{DIcon}} That's nothing!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' As I feared... We've barely scratched the surface...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait! Hold on a minute!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' A tenth of one percent? As in... zero-point-one percent? As in... one one-thousandth!?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You've got... You've gotta be kidding me! All that... was just one ONE-THOUSANDTH of its top power?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 gooba 03.ogg}} '''Guoba:''' ♪?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Guoba's a little confused. You did say you wanted to train your Onikabuto to defeat Crystal Tornado, correct?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I thought it would go without saying given the size... The Bloom Pruner has to shift rocks the size of casserole dishes, so obviously it has to be pretty strong.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Even then, Crystal Tornado is bigger still... It dwarfs me and Guoba, and it's even taller than you!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's impossible... If we were talking twice as strong as the last fight, I think I'd have a shot. Ten times as strong, and we're already looking at losing most, if not all, of the time...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But a thousand times stronger? Who am I kidding... It's hopeless!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...
:;(Itto has a flashback)
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "When your tactics fail, you have to change your point of view. In our journeys far and wide, we often have to think on our feet!"
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Clinging to old methods can never solve the problem, no matter how hard you try!"
:;(The flashback ends)
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...Of course, Guoba-san! This is what you've been trying to tell me all along!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I gotta study mechanics! Then build a suit of armor for Crimson Staff that'll take his abilities to a whole new level!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Or maybe... Heck, I could build a bigger, stronger, mechanical Onikabuto! Piloted by Crimson Staff under my direction!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 gooba 04.ogg}} '''Guoba:''' !?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An Onikabuto piloting a mechanical Onikabuto? How do you expect to pull that off? And does that even still count as a beetle battle?
:{{DIcon}} Dare to dream!
:{{DIcon}} I believe in Itto!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Seeing the power of Bloom Pruner has made me realize something... There's a natural limit to Onikabuto's strength.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' People have tried to tell me this before. Shinobu, the grandmaster... especially Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon. Admitting defeat is shameful, but not even trying to mix up your tactics one time &mdash; that's just plain stupid!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Guoba-san has shown me a new path: Mechanically modified Onikabuto!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' With this new technique in my arsenal, size will be no obstacle to me and my valiant beetle warriors as we set out to beat Crystal Tornado once and for all!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 gooba 05.ogg}} '''Guoba:''' ♪♪?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Heh... Looks like Guoba's not too sure about all that...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Mechanics, huh? Hmm, I'd have to get my master to see if her friend would be willing to help. She's the expert...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Did you say expert!? Please, Guoba-san, Chef-sama, my savior! Introduce me!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Uh-huh...?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Thinking of becoming the second Arataki Gang member to study in Liyue are you, Boss?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Shinobu!? When'd you get back?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Time's up. We spent our last Mora on these boat tickets, and if we don't get to the harbor pronto, they'll go to waste.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But, but, but... Gimme a minute, okay? We're in the middle of an extremely important discussion here!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yeah, I heard.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I was actually very pleased to hear the suggestion of you doing some sort of studying coming out of your own mouth. I have some relevant experience, so I can write a little booklet to get you started.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But unfortunately, studying in Liyue is very expensive. The Arataki Gang's typical expenditures are a drop in the ocean by comparison. So what do you intend to do about it?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It'll be fine! I'll just, uhhhh... I'll work like a horse when I get back to Inazuma!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I know what I'm getting into here, alright? I got it all planned out in my head. It's not like I've never gotten paid work before. Soon as I get earnin', we'll all have cash for the burnin', haha!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And don't think for one second I'll be abandoning you or the rest of the Arataki Gang neither! I ain't the kind of head honcho that runs off to go study and leaves his gang behind!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If we're gonna study, we do it as a team! Once I've got enough Mora for everyone's tuition fees, the whole Arataki Gang is coming to Liyue! We'll study together, learn some epic new skills together, and come out the other side as the stronger, smarter Invincible Arataki Gang!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You're saying all of the right things... Who are you, and what have you done with Boss?
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Rubi|Wow, Bull-Chucker! Those|"Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King"|center=1}} were some bold words. You'd better make sure you follow through!
:{{DIcon}} Arataki Itto is a man of his word!
:{{DIcon}} Don't rely on someone else when you can do it yourself!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hehehe! Of course I, uh, still need to iron out some deets in terms of what kind of work I can get and how much I can rake in per day...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 hanakado 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' In that case, Oni King... I'll stay here in Liyue. Firstly, this will enable me to follow up with Chef-sama and discuss our study plans in detail.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 hanakado 03.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Secondly, now that word of the Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp has begun to spread, I'll be able to scout for talented warriors and continue optimizing the Onikabuto training diet.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 hanakado 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dceq002 1 hanakado 04b.ogg}}--> '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Also, if the Oni King's Right Hand and Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon wish to continue battling, or analyze the battles so far, I'll be here to support them.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Awesome! Good thinking, grandmaster!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Okay, standard procedure applies &mdash; I'll let your grandpops know what you're up to so he won't worry about you.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hoo-hoo, man, I am so pumped to see what you'll have for us next time I see you!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I do need to make one thing clear, though. I can't promise that we'll be able to talk an adeptus into taking you on as students. Yanfei and I will do our best, but we'll just have to see how it goes.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 hanakado 05.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' The great master of whom you speak boasts a skill others can only dream of &mdash; their pride and prestige don't faze us! The important thing is that I, on behalf of the Oni King and the Arataki Gang, can find a way to show them we're serious and sincere in our quest to master the mechanical arts...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 hanakado 06.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' So I'll need to do some research to find out what kind of gift we should offer if we are to be seen as worthy of learning the mysteries behind the manufacture of the Bloom Pruner.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss, we gotta leave right now, or we're not gonna make it in time.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 31.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' *sigh* Alright, I guess this is it...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, Yanfei senpai, Miss Xiangliang {{sic}}, Guoba... You've all been a huge help to Boss with this beetle battle event. I really can't thank you enough...
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Please take this as a token of my gratitude. I hope you can find some use for it in your future endeavors.
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you got us a gift! ...Thanks, Shinobu. You're so thoughtful!
:{{DIcon}} Woohoo!
:{{DIcon}} Freebies for the win!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 32.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The time has come... Adios, compadre. See ya, Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon. Goodbye, Guoba-san and Chef-sama... and farewell, my savior!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 itto 33.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I'll be back real soon, I promise! We'll meet again!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 gooba 06.ogg}} '''Guoba:''' ♪♫♩♪♬~
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't make promises you can't keep, {{Rubi|Bull-Chucker!&nbsp;|"Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King"|center=1}}
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's good to have ambitions, but don't let yourself get carried away in the heat of the moment. Do what Shinobu tells you, be realistic about what you can achieve, and make sure you pace yourself!
:{{A|vo dceq002 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But of course, if everything works out, Paimon can't wait to see Crimson Staff driving a GINORMOUS mechanical Onikabuto the next time we meet!
:'''"Crystal Tornado":''' ...
:'''"Crystal Tornado":''' ?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Provisionally Perpetual Beetle Battle!
|zhs     = 暂无止境的斗虫之路！
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 暫無止境的鬥蟲之路！
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 虫相撲の道はまだまだ続く！
|ja_rm   = Mushizumou no Michi wa Madamada Tsudzuku!
|ja_tl   = The Way of Beetle Battles Still Continues!
|ko      = 끝없는 곤충 싸움의 길!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡El provisionalmente eterno camino de las peleas de escaradiablos!
|es_tl   = The Provisionally Eternal Way of the Devilbeetle Fights!
|fr      = Combat de scarabées temporairement perpétuel !
|fr_tl   = Temporarily Perpetual Beetle Battle!
|ru      = Бесконечный бой жуков!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เส้นทางแห่งการประลองแมลงที่ไม่มีที่สิ้นสุด!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Con Đường Đấu Bọ Không Hồi Kết!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der bis auf Weiteres anhaltende Käferkampf!
|de_tl   = The Ongoing Beetle Battle Until Further Notice!
|id      = Pertarungan Kumbang Tiada Akhir!
|id_tl   = Never Ending Beetle Battle!
|pt      = Batalha de Besouros Provisoriamente Perpétua!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bitmek Bilmez Böcek Dövüşleri!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lotta tra scarabei a oltranza!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:Batalha de Besouros Provisoriamente Perpétua!]]
[[ru:Бесконечный бой жуков!]]