{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74654
|image         = Pruniere Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Court Region Waterway Hub
|characters    = Pruniere; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Fontaine
}}
'''''Pruniere's White Iron Impetration''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Give five [[White Iron Chunk]]s to Pruniere

==Request Details==
"Tales of Humanity":<br>
I've been told that if you ask for help in the paper, someone really will come. Am I being overly wishful?<br>
Although Euphrasie keeps insisting these kind souls really exist, I just don't know what to think.<br>
In my line of work, every day brings a pile of fresh troubles and I'm constantly snowed under.<br>
Anyway, if someone out there could bring me {{color|buzzword|White Iron Chunks}} I would be eternally grateful.<br>
I can't even get the higher-ups to replace broken maintenance tools and instead have to fix them myself... Who thought simply making a living would be so tough?

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Pruniere requires 5 White Iron Chunks.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About White Iron Chunks...
::'''Pruniere:''' Wow, [[Euphrasie]] wasn't kidding! If you ask for help in the paper, someone really will come.
::'''Pruniere:''' This is great! Thanks so much, kindhearted {{MC|m=sir|f=madam}}. Do you have the White Iron Chunks?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} White Iron Chunks are ready.
:::'''Pruniere:''' Good, very good! Now I can finally fix those broken wrenches.
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Pruniere:''' I'm really sorry for making you go through all this, but I really need all those White Iron Chunks. See if you can think of a way to get it all.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Pruniere's White Iron Impetration
|zhs     = 普吕尼埃的白铁块需求
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 普呂尼埃的白鐵塊需求
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = プルニエールの白鉄の塊のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Purunieeru no Shirotetsu no Katamari no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 프루니에의 백철 의뢰
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Hierro blanco para Prunière
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Du fer blanc pour Prunière
|fr_tl   = 
|ru      = Белое железо для Прюньера
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คำขอ White Iron Chunk ของ Pruniere
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Mảnh Sắt Trắng Của Pruniere
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Prunières Bitte um weißes Eisen
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Permintaan Besi Putih Pruniere
|id_tl   = 
|pt      = Impetração de Pedaço de Ferro Branco de Pruniere
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Pruniere'in Beyaz Demir Siparişi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ferro bianco per Prunière
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[ja:プルニエールの白鉄の塊のリクエスト]]