{{Character Infobox
|image            = Pulcinella.png
|type             = Mentioned
|name             = Pulcinella
|title            = The Rooster
|title2           = The Fifth of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|region           = Snezhnaya
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|voiceEN          = {{w|Dave B. Mitchell}}<ref name="lazzo video description">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = Wang Xiaobing ({{zh|王肖兵}})<ref name="Lazzo Chinese">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1mB4y1e7Lh {{zh|《原神·提瓦特篇》幕间PV-「冬夜愚戏」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Chō|Cho ({{ja|チョー}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1546349275767906304 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:강구한|Kang Koo-han ({{ko|강구한}})}}<ref name="Lazzo Korean">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/MgcKHysZ_Dc {{ko|원신 티바트편 막간 PV - 「한겨울 밤의 광대극」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
}}
'''Pulcinella,''' also known by his codename "'''The Rooster''',"<ref name="lazzo video description" /> is the Fifth of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]<ref name="tart5">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|Character Story 5}}</ref> and the mayor of a city in [[Snezhnaya]].<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]</ref>

He makes his first clear appearance during ''[[A Winter Night's Lazzo|Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]]'' alongside his fellow Harbingers.

He also appears as a silhouette during ''[[Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview: Travail]]'' alongside his followers, and they are collectively known as "Pulcinella and followers" as the featured character(s) for Act VI, [[Snezhnaya]].

==Profile==
Little is currently known about Pulcinella beyond his rank and title. He inducted [[Tartaglia]] into the Fatui, who worked his way up into the Harbingers, unlike several other Harbingers who were hand-picked for the position by [[Pierro]]. According to [[Arlecchino]], he is an "exceptional" mayor, being able make great gains at small prices.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Arlecchino|About The Rooster}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Pulcinella is a white-haired elderly man with white mustache and rounded glasses along with pointy nose and ears. He wears a dark blue longcoat with flared and feathered sleeves over at least a pair of baggy blue trousers and long flared shoes. His coat has a wide feathered collar with some form of hat or headdress with a pair of feathers. He is surrounded by ice, but it is unknown if this implies the possession of a Cryo [[Vision]] or [[Delusion]], or serves as just a visual shorthand for Snezhnaya.

==Story==
When [[Tartaglia]] (then known as Ajax) was 14 years old, he was drawn into the [[Abyss]] and re-emerged greatly changed by the events that transpired there, gaining unmatched combat prowess and an uncanny habit of having chaos follow in his wake. Following several incidents in Tartaglia's hometown village of [[Morepesok]], his worried father brought him to the Fatui in hopes that they could hone his temperament, only to watch as his son easily beat up well-trained soldiers. Tartaglia's unique attributes piqued Pulcinella's curiosity, and he conscripted the boy into the Fatui under the guise of serving the [[Tsaritsa]] as punishment.<ref name="tart5" />

===Present Day===
An indeterminate amount of time ago, [[Signora]] made an agreement with the [[Liyue Qixing]] and dispatched the Ninth Company, which includes some of Pulcinella's men, on an expedition to [[The Chasm: Underground Mines|The Chasm]] to explore its depths. Due to the amount of distance between The Chasm and the surface, their supply line with the Fatui stationed in Liyue Harbor was the Ninth Company's only way of getting both supplies and information about the surface.<ref name="company deep">{{Ref/Quest|A Company Vanishing Into the Deep}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lost in a Foreign Land (Quest)}}</ref>

However, following Tartaglia's actions in Liyue and the revival of [[Osial]], relations between the [[Liyue Qixing]] and the Fatui soured greatly. The Qixing pulled their support from the expedition and forbade the [[Millelith]] from even making contact with the Fatui. With the supply line cut off, the Ninth Company was stranded without even the knowledge of what had occurred. By the time the [[Traveler]] finds them, the Ninth Company's original sixty-four members had been reduced to half its number, was divided into multiple groups, and no longer had a chain of command. [[Anton]], a direct subordinate of Pulcinella's, bemoans that "dispens[ing] with less valuable assets" to achieve a greater goal is the Harbinger's modus operandi.<ref name="company deep" />

In ''[[A Winter Night's Lazzo]]'', Pulcinella attends [[La Signora]]'s funeral and orders all work to be halted for half a day to mourn her passing. The brevity of this mourning period draws criticism from [[Pantalone]] and Arlecchino.

Following Signora's death, [[Viktor]] fell under Pulcinella's command. Pulcinella immediately reassigned Viktor to [[Sumeru City]] to assist [[Vsevolod]] in coordinating the logistics regarding the newly opening [[Northland Bank]] branch.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Equivalent Exchange Once More}}</ref>

After Arlecchino returned with the {{Hydro}} [[Gnosis]], Pulcinella would work with [[Pantalone]] in something called "[[Project Stuzha]]" with him, using the [[House of the Hearth]] as the "key" player. Both Arlecchino and [[Lyney]] suspect that the project and the sudden thrust of their organization into the spotlight meant that he was trying to rein in their influence.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into the Sunlight}}</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Like the titles of all Fatui Harbingers, {{w|Pulcinella}} is a stock character in ''commedia dell'arte'', an early form of professional theatre originating from Italy. The name ''Pulcinella'' is derived from, or a combination of, either ''pollastrello'' (meaning "rooster") or ''pulcino'' (meaning "chick").<ref>AntonioFava: [https://web.archive.org/web/20170529194534/http://www.antoniofava.com:80/masks "I Servi (The Servants) - Pulcinella"] (Archived)</ref>
** The stock character is typically depicted as a top-heavy, chicken shaped man who wears a mask with an exaggerated nose.
** Pulcinella as a Commedia stock character was known for being melodramatic, and often having unexplainable fits of rage in which he would take out his anger and frustration on others.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Pulcinella Gallery Files}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_default_hidden = 1
|1_en       = Pulcinella
|1_zhs      = 普契涅拉
|1_zhs_rm   = Pǔqìnièlā
|1_zht      = 普契涅拉
|1_zht_rm   = Pǔqìnièlā
|1_ja       = プルチネッラ
|1_ja_rm    = Puruchinerra
|1_ko       = 풀치넬라
|1_es       = Pulcinella
|1_fr       = Pulcinella
|1_ru       = Пульчинелла
|1_th       = Pulcinella
|1_vi       = Pulcinella
|1_de       = Pulcinella
|1_id       = Pulcinella
|1_pt       = Pulcinella
|1_tr       = Pulcinella
|1_it       = Pulcinella

|2_en      = The Rooster
|2_zhs     = 公鸡
|2_zhs_rm  = Gōngjī
|2_zht     = 公雞
|2_zht_rm  = Gōngjī
|2_zh_tl   = Rooster
|2_ja      = 雄鶏
|2_ja_rm   = Ondori
|2_ja_tl   = Rooster
|2_ko      = 수탉
|2_ko_tl   = Rooster
|2_es      = El Gallo
|2_es_tl   = The Rooster
|2_fr      = Coq
|2_fr_tl   = Rooster
|2_ru      = Цыплёнок
|2_ru_tl   = Chicken
|2_th      = The Rooster
|2_vi      = The Rooster
|2_de      = Hahn
|2_de_tl   = Rooster
|2_id      = The Rooster
|2_pt      = Galo
|2_pt_tl   = Rooster
|2_tr      = Horoz
|2_tr_tl   = Rooster
|2_it      = Il Gallo
|2_it_tl   = The Rooster
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Fatui Navbox}}

[[de:Pulcinella]]
[[es:Pulcinella]]
[[fr:Pulcinella]]
[[ja:プルチネッラ]]
[[pl:Pulcinella]]
[[pt-br:Pulcinella]]
[[ru:Пульчинелла]]
[[th:Pulcinella]]