{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Sumeru

|affiliation      = Sumeru Akademiya
|affiliation2     = House of Pursina
|ancestry         = [[House of Pursina]]
|title            = 
}}
'''Pursina''' is a researcher from [[Sumeru]] famous for inventing [[Pursina's Spike]]s, a mechanism that can be used to disrupt the flow of ley line energy.<ref name="SotA1">{{Ref/Quest|Journey to Tsurumi}}</ref> They were also a member of the [[House of Pursina]].

==Profile==
Pursina studied at [[Sumeru Akademiya]] and was particularly knowledgeable in the field of ley lines. They invented a device known as Pursina's Spikes, which are capable of temporarily disrupting the flow of ley lines.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Preface}}</ref>

Recently, another Pursina authored the [[Yae Publishing House]]'s latest rendition of ''[[The Saga of Hamavaran]]'', a series about the adventures of a Sumeru-Akademiya-researcher-turned-samurai named Hamavaran and a shikigami he met on his journey.<ref name="TSoH1">{{Ref/Book|The Saga of Hamavaran|1|Foreword}}</ref>
<!--
===Appearance===
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* The creator of Pursina's Spikes and the author of ''The Saga of Hamavaran'' are unlikely to be the same person, but neither have been given personal names to distinguish them. Pursina's Spikes are described as "ancient tools"<ref name="SotA1" /> that were "allowed to waste away in our [Sumeru Akademiya's] storehouses." [[Hosseini]] contemplates researching Pursina's Spikes as a thesis subject,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Conclusion}}</ref> which further suggests that the inventor of Pursina's Spikes is no longer alive to be able to explain how their device works. Meanwhile, the Pursina who wrote ''The Saga of Hamavaran'' is a contemporary figure whose series was published after the [[Sakoku Decree]] was implemented.<ref name="TSoH1" />
* In the original Chinese version, both the historical Pursina and the author Pursina's names are spelled {{zh|普尔希娜|rm=Pǔ'ěrxīnà}}, which uses the female-exclusive phonetic character {{zh|{{wt|娜||Etymology 2}}|rm=nà}} instead of the genderless {{zh|{{wt|纳||Chinese}}|rm=nà}} used by [[Khedive|Khedive Pursina]] ({{zh|海迪夫・普尔希纳|rm=Hǎidífū Pǔ'ěrxīnà}}), a modern-day male descendant of the Pursinas. (It is also possible that there are two independent Pursina lineages, but the similarities between the two versions makes it likelier to be two spellings for the same lineage.)

===Etymology===
* {{Lang|Pursina|fa=پورسینا}} is a {{w|patrynomic}} of Persian origin meaning "Son of Sina," where {{lang|mini=1|fa={{wt|پور||Persian}}|fa_rm=Pur}} means "son" and {{lang|mini=1|fa={{wt|سینا||Persian}}|fa_rm=Sina}} is a given name. The name is likely a reference to {{w|Avicenna|Avicenna Ibn Sina}}, or Pur Sina ({{lang|mini=1|ar=پور سینا}}), a famous Persian polymath during the Islamic Golden Age who was named after his distant ancestor Sina.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Pursina
|zhs     = 普尔希娜
|zhs_rm  = Pǔ'ěrxīnà
|zht     = 普爾希娜
|zht_rm  = Pǔ'ěrxīnà
|ja      = プルシナ
|ja_rm   = Purushina
|ko      = 푸르시나
|es      = Pursina
|fr      = Pursina
|ru      = Пурсина
|th      = Pursina
|vi      = Pursina
|vi_note = Translated as {{vi|Priscina}} during Shadow of the Ancients, although Pursina's Spikes were named {{vi|Gai Pursina}} regardless. ''The Saga of Hamavaran'' currently uses {{vi|Pursina}}.
|de      = Pursina
|id      = Pursina
|pt      = Pursina
|tr      = Pursina
|it      = Pursina
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}