{{Terminology Infobox
|region       = Natlan
}}
The '''Pyro Archon''' is the '''God of War'''<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|A Thousand Blazing Suns}}</ref> among [[The Seven]] who presides over [[Natlan]], the land of {{Pyro}}. They bear the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name||'''Kiongozi'''}},<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Fuel Named "Fate"}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Hearken, Ye Who Have Returned|note=Xbalanque describes himself as the first bearer of the name "Kiongozi," and Mavuika as an inheritor after "many generations." This implies all Pyro Archons have borne this name.}}</ref> and the {{W|Goetic}} name '''Haborym'''.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|A Thousand Blazing Suns|quote=By the name "Haborym," life had become the sacred flame unquenchable, and the rules would be crafted into a divine throne ever-blazing.}}<br>The weapon description implies that Xbalanque &mdash; and by extension, all future Pyro Archons &mdash; held the name Haborym.</ref> They are entrusted with the responsibility to protect and fuel the [[Sacred Flame]] which protects Natlan and its warriors.

Although they are referred to as [[god]]s,<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage|quote=To this day, the idea that "humans can become gods" has become accepted across the blazing plains, inscribed upon every Natlanese heart that aspires to heroism&mdash;}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|Delirious Demeanor of the Sacred Lord|quote=[...] this usurper who believed that the god he had loved and shed golden tears for should forever remain the one and only [...]}}</ref> all Pyro Archons originate as humans who win the position through battle.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Natlan! A New Adventure}}</ref> As Pyro Archons are still mortals who age and die like regular humans, Natlan has had many Pyro Archons in the past. When a new Pyro Archon ascends to the divine throne, their "inner flame" will awaken, and the Sacred Flame grants them significant knowledge and memory of the land.<ref name="echoes">{{Ref/Quest|Echoes of Life}}</ref> The Pyro Archon also possesses a unique right to wield the power of the Ruler of Death [[Ronova]] once for a brief period, at the cost of their fated death.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As One We Watch the Setting Sun}}</ref>

==Known Archons==
At least seven holders of this title are known:
# [[Xbalanque]], the first Pyro Archon.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan}}</ref> He established the current "rules" of Natlan through which ordinary people can ascend to archonhood.<ref name="echoes" />
# The [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth]], the second Pyro Archon. He led the [[Tribes of Natlan]] to defeat [[Och-Kan]],<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Unfinished Reverie}}</ref> and asked [[Sakkuk]] to erase his name from history after his death.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage}}</ref>
# [[Murata]],<ref group="Note" name="murata name">The name "Murata" is used by the English localization of the [[Manga]] Prologue: [[Songs of the Wind]]. However, the English localization deviates from the original Chinese text by using "Murata" as a personal name. In the original text, the Lady of Fire is left unnamed while "Murata" is only used in the demonym {{Lang|Muratan|zh=穆纳塔人|zh_rm=Mùnàtǎ rén|zh_tl=Murata people|zh_lit=Munata people}}. Linguistic convention indicates "Murata" is more likely to be a location or nation name than a personal name. For convenience of description and ease of searching, "Murata" will remain the article name until more accurate information is revealed.</ref> an ancient Pyro Archon that is mentioned in the [[manga]]. Much about her is unknown, but it is known that she ruled before [[Barbatos]] disappeared from [[Mondstadt]].<ref>{{Ref/Manga|page=|chapter=0|part=}}</ref>
# [[Ndenge]], an ancient Pyro Archon that is mentioned in the item description of the Traveler's [[Obsidian Ancient Name]].
# [[Cochanina]], an ancient Pyro Archon who drove the [[Abyss|Volcano Lord]] out of the land of the [[People of the Springs]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Surf's Up}}</ref>
# [[Xumucul]], an ancient Pyro Archon that is mentioned in the item description of the Traveler's Obsidian Ancient Name.
# [[Mavuika]], the current Pyro Archon. She was also the Pyro Archon during the time of the [[cataclysm]], but placed her life in the Sacred Flame to be resurrected in the present day.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Past and Future}}</ref>
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Trivia==
*Considering the {{w|Mesoamerica|Mesoamerican}} influence of Natlan, the role of the Pyro Archon could possibly be inspired by the {{w|Aztecs|Aztec}} god {{w|Huītzilōpōchtli}} and {{w|Kʼicheʼ people|K’iche Mayan}} god {{w|Tohil}}, as both gods were believed to be {{w|Solar deity|solar deities}} associated with war and fire, characteristics that are present in the Pyro Archon’s element and ideal.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Arconte Pyro]]
[[ja:炎神]]
[[ru:Пиро Архонт]]
[[th:เทพแห่งไฟ]]
[[tr:Ateş Hükümdarı]]
[[vi:Hỏa Thần]]