{{Element Infobox
|region       = Natlan
|archon       = Murata
|status       = Pyro
|gem          = Agnidus Agate
|reaction     = Electro, Hydro, Cryo, Dendro, Anemo, Geo
}}
'''Pyro''' is one of the seven [[Elements]].

Its associated [[Archon]] is [[Murata]], whose domain is [[Natlan]].

==Elemental Resonance==
Having two Pyro characters in the group results in the [[Elemental Resonance]]:
*'''Fervent Flames:''' Affected by Cryo for 40% less time. Increases ATK by 25%.

==Elemental Reactions==
{{Pyro}} is the only element that reacts with every other element in the game (as of [[Version 2.8]]). {{Pyro}} has the following [[Elemental Reactions]]:

*{{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''[[Overloaded]]:''' Causes an explosion that deals {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}}.
*{{Icon/Element|Hydro}} '''[[Vaporize]]:''' Deals ×1.5 {{Color|Pyro DMG}} when a Pyro attack triggers the reaction.
*{{Icon/Element|Cryo}} '''[[Melt]]:''' Deals ×2 {{Color|Pyro DMG}} when a Pyro attack triggers the reaction.
*{{Icon/Element|Anemo}} '''[[Swirl]]:''' Deals {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}} while spreading the Pyro status to nearby enemies.
*{{Icon/Element|Geo}} '''[[Crystallize]]:''' Creates a Pyro shard. Picking it up creates a Pyro shield around the character.
*{{Icon/Element|Dendro}} '''[[Burning]]:''' Deals {{Color|Pyro DMG}} over time in a small AoE and applies Pyro to nearby targets.
*{{Icon/Element|Dendro}}{{Icon/Element|Hydro}} '''[[Burgeon]]:''' Detonates a Dendro Core produced by the [[Bloom]] reaction immediately, dealing increased {{Color|AoE Dendro DMG}}.

==Pyro Status==
Being affected by {{Pyro}} has no inherent effects on its own. However, being affected by {{Pyro}} will allow Pyro Elemental Reactions to occur.

Any source of {{Color|Pyro DMG}} will apply the {{Pyro}} status. [[Flaming Flower Stamen|Flaming Flowers]] and Pyro Boom Blossoms do not inherently apply {{Pyro}}, but are often surrounded by grass and will inflict Burning damage. Any lit torch, campfire, or cooking pot will cause Burning damage if the active character comes too close to them.

===Pyro Status to Self===
The following [[Talents]] apply {{Pyro}} to its user and/or the active character.
{{Talents by Category Table|Pyro Status to Self Talents}}

==Pyro Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Pyro Characters|noelement=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Pyro Characters|noelement=1}}

==Enemies==
{{Enemies by Category List|header=1}}

==Exploration==
Some environmental objects or obstacles are considered as Pyro objects:
*Fire sources (Campfire, torches, etc.)
*Pyro Exploding Barrels
*[[Flaming Flower]]

==Pyro Damage Bonus==
{{Main|Pyro Damage Bonus}}

==Pyro Resistance==
{{Main|Pyro Resistance}}

==Gallery==
{{Preview
|file=Status Pyro
|caption=A character affected by Pyro
}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*The name Pyro comes from the prefix for words related to fire, "{{wt|pyro-|pyro-|English}}," which derives from {{lang|the Ancient Greek word for fire|grc=πῦρ|grc_rm=pûr}}.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Pyro
|zhs     = 火
|zhs_rm  = Huǒ
|zht     = 火
|zht_rm  = Huǒ
|zh_tl   = Fire
|ja      = {{Rubi|炎|ほのお}}
|ja_rm   = Honoo
|ja_tl   = Flame
|ko      = 불
|ko_rm   = Bul
|ko_tl   = Fire
|es      = Pyro
|fr      = Pyro
|ru      = Пиро
|th      = ไฟ
|th_rm   = Fai
|th_tl   = Flame
|vi      = {{tt|Hỏa|火}}
|vi_tl   = Fire
|de      = Pyro
|id      = Pyro
|pt      = Pyro
|tr      = Ateş
|tr_tl   = Fire
|it      = Pyro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[pt-br:Pyro]]
[[vi:Hỏa]]
[[th:ไฟ]]
[[fr:Pyro]]
[[ja:炎]]
[[pl:Pyro]]
[[ru:Пиро]]
[[tr:Pyro]]
[[uk:Піро]]
[[id:Pyro]]