{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Pyrrho.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Order of Skeptics
|title            = Skeptic

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Pyrrho''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Khvarena of Good and Evil}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Pyrrho}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Before completing Step 4 of ''The Splendorous Sky That Day''.)
:'''???:''' (Am I hearing things, or is there a suspicious sound...)
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing Step 6 of ''The Splendorous Sky That Day''.)
:'''Pyrrho:''' (Even Lady Sorush says so, which means I'm not the one to blame...)
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing ''As the Khvarena's Light Shows''.)
:'''Pyrrho:''' (I have to stay all the more alert...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Don't ask...
:: {{A|VO Pyrrho 01.ogg}} "Huh, keep your questions to yourself."
{{Dialogue End}}

;After completing As the Khvarena's Light Shows
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I never thought...
:: {{A|VO Pyrrho 02.ogg}} "I never thought that things would turn out this way..."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
Available before completing Step 4 in ''The Splendorous Sky That Day''.

{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''???:''' Who are you?
:'''???:''' This is no place for you. Please, go back.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
Available after completing Step 6 in ''The Splendorous Sky That Day''.

{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Pyrrho:''' Though Lady Sorush speaks for you, I will not be so lenient should you make any suspicious movements! 
:{{DIcon}} Look who sounds all reliable.
::'''Pyrrho:''' Hmph. Of course. I am one of the oldest qualified members of our Order, after all.
::'''Pyrrho:''' I am not quite the equal of our [[Nasejuna|Vijnanapati]], but as one of the desertfolk who have lived here for generations, the Order and I are as one by blood.
::'''Pyrrho:''' So if you encounter any issues, you can ask...
::'''Pyrrho:''' No, wait! No. I won't be answering any of your questions!
:{{DIcon}} So, about your Vijnanapati...
::'''Pyrrho:''' He's a very knowledgeable scholar! He knows more than anyone I've ever met.
::'''Pyrrho:''' We Skeptics were once a [[Darshan]] within the Akademiya, but our traditions of knowledge have been eroded after hundreds of years here in the desert, far from the city.
::'''Pyrrho:''' It's all thanks to our Vijnanapati that we are recovering our ancient traditions. With him around, our Order shall soon reclaim our lost glory!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, you shan't hear questions from me.
::'''Pyrrho:''' Hmph. As it should be.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #3===
Available after completing ''As the Khvarena's Light Shows''.

{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Pyrrho:''' Well, why are you back? Did you get the door slammed on you by our great Vijnanapati? I'll have you know that he doesn't compromise so easily with the Pari.
:'''Pyrrho:''' You should just leave. And don't even think of getting anything more from me!
:'''Paimon:''' Pfft! You spilled the beans without our help every time, though!
:{{DIcon}} So, about your Vijnanapati...
:{{DIcon}} Well, you say he's different, but...
:{{Black Screen|You tell Pyrrho of the Great Songs and Nasejuna's betrayal.}}
:'''Pyrrho:''' Nonsense. Utter nonsense! Our Vijnanapati is the most scholarly man I know. He would not band together with those defiled beings!
:'''Pyrrho:''' I'll bet you're just trying to mask your failure by sowing dissent.
:'''Pyrrho:''' Nice try, but your story's way out there. No way I'd fall for that!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... C'mon, we gotta think. Don't we have those notes that Nasejuna gave us?
:'''Paimon:''' It should still have Nasejuna's notes. Pyrrho should believe us if we give those to him!
:'''Pyrrho:''' What notes are these? You really love those tricks of yours, don't you?
:{{Black Screen|You give Rene's Investigation Notes to Pyrrho.}}
:'''Pyrrho:''' This... This is indeed the great Vijnanapati's handwriting...
:'''Pyrrho:''' It truly was a once-in-a-lifetime thing that we gained such a knowledgeable leader, and yet he turned his back on our duties and threw his lot with the followers of the dark hollow...
:'''Pyrrho:''' *sigh* You may not know this, but we have struggled against the followers of the dark hollow for hundreds of years.
:'''Pyrrho:''' You could say that they are akin to our shadow, always attempting to taint our heritage. I have no doubt that the fall of our order to its present state cannot be separated from their plots.
:'''Pyrrho:''' But I never thought that this time, even our leader would be... Ah, a plague upon our house, this is!
:'''Pyrrho:''' No doubt Nasejuna has gone with those impure villains and now skulks with them in the shadows.
:'''Pyrrho:''' In the past, he followed Elder Aryadeva to the Akademiya, and upon returning, he was absorbed with those ancient documents.
:'''Pyrrho:''' We were people who emphasized praxis, and we found ourselves without a scholar like him for many years. I had thought that he would lead us to reform, but...
:{{DIcon}} Honestly, we didn't see that one coming either.
:{{DIcon}} This wasn't your fault.
:'''Pyrrho:''' But since this is how things have played out, I must handle that which remains to be done.
:'''Pyrrho:'''  Our first priority is to appoint a new Vijnanapati. Things would go ill if someone takes advantage of this vacuum.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon's really not sure if you have much of a vacuum worth sneaking into now...
:'''Pyrrho:''' Indeed, and I am ashamed of it. As penance, allow me to give you these documents that Nasejuna left in my keeping. They record the various traditions of our Order.
:'''Pyrrho:''' Although I have not been able to understand it, I believe it might be of interest to you, so please, take it.
:'''Pyrrho:''' And if you should have any trouble in the future, just seek me out, and I will lend you my aid.
;(Obtain {{Item|Ancient Volume}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #4===
Available after obtaining the {{Item|Ancient Volume}} from Pyrrho.

{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Pyrrho:''' To think that something like this would happen. What a disgrace...
:'''Pyrrho:''' As I thought, stuff regarding knowledge doesn't really suit me all that much. Too complicated.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the Order of the Skeptics...
::'''Pyrrho:''' Our top priority is choosing a new Vijnanapati, but as you can see, we do not have anyone who can currently fill that role.
::'''Pyrrho:''' However, we have already asked Elder [[Aryadeva]] to invite an exceptional researcher to come over from the city.
::'''Pyrrho:''' We have stood sentinel here these hundreds of years, and we have seen many a crisis through in our time. This is but a small problem. Don't worry about us!
:{{DIcon}} Not going over to the camp?
::'''Pyrrho:''' All the more I should stand guard here at a time like this. If some ill-intentioned villains sneak in, things might really get bad.
::'''Pyrrho:''' Even Miss [[Sosi]] told me not to go running around. She must rely on me quite a bit, I think.
:{{DIcon}} I'll leave you to it, then.
::'''Pyrrho:''' Haha, see you, then.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*The name Pyrrho is a reference to the real world philosopher of Greek antiquity, {{w|Pyrrho|Pyrrho of Elis}}, credited as being the first Greek skeptic philosopher.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Pyrrho
|zhs     = 毕洛
|zhs_rm  = Bìluò
|zht     = 畢洛
|zht_rm  = Bìluò
|ja      = ピュロン
|ja_rm   = Pyuron
|ko      = 피론
|es      = Pirrón
|fr      = Pyrrho
|ru      = Пирро
|th      = Pyrrho
|vi      = Pyrrho
|de      = Pyrrho
|id      = Pyrrho
|pt      = Pyrrho
|tr      = Pyrrho
|it      = Pyrrho
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Pyrrho]]