{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Qi Nan.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Liyue
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Strange Little Girl

|ancestry         = 
|father           = Qi Ding
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Qi Nan''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] who appears in ''[[The Chasm's Bounty]]''. She is [[Qi Ding]]'s daughter &mdash; although not all is as it seems with her.

==Profile==
The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] find a young girl claiming to be Qi Nan in [[The Chasm]] while searching for a doll Qi Ding lost, which was intended as a gift for her. She directs them towards the lost doll and talks about her desire to stay with her father. She displays unnerving nonchalance towards the Rifthounds surrounding her and after the Traveler defeats them, she reassures them that they "won't" catch her.

After finding the doll, Qi Nan disappears. The two return to Qi Ding at the Surface camp, only to find her with him. However, their conversation with him reveals that many parts of his initial story do not add up with his new account: Qi Nan is not a young girl, but an adult who lives in [[Liyue Harbor]] as an employee of the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]; Qi Ding did not lose the doll before giving it to her, but rather had been carrying it around with him as a good-luck charm after she had outgrown it, and lost it during the evacuation of the mines two years ago. Furthermore, the young "Qi Nan" had disappeared over the course of their conversation, while Qi Ding was unaware of her presence.

[[Muning]] echoes Qi Ding's second account and did not see "Qi Nan" either. He urges both Paimon and the Traveler to pretend they saw nothing and get some rest, leaving them to ponder who &mdash; or what &mdash; "Qi Nan" had been, and what had been influencing Qi Ding into attempting to blow up the crystal when they first found him.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
===World Quests===
* [[The Chasm's Bounty]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Qi Nan
|zhs     = 戚楠
|zhs_rm  = Qī Nán
|zht     = 戚楠
|zht_rm  = Qī Nán
|ja      = 戚楠
|ja_rm   = Sokunan{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 척남
|ko_rm   = Cheoknam
|es      = Chi Nan
|fr      = Qi Nan
|ru      = Ци Нань
|th      = Qi Nan
|vi      = Qi Nan
|de      = Qi Nan
|id      = Qi Nan
|pt      = Qi Nan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->