{{Location Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Not Accessible
|region       = Liyue
|area         = 
}}
'''Qiaoying Village''' is a village in northwest [[Liyue]], bordering [[Fontaine]],<ref name="Liben May 2022">{{Ref/NPC|Liben}}</ref> known in the tea industry for producing high-quality tea. Significant quantities of tea trees are planted around the village for their leaves.<ref name="zhongli tea event">{{Ref/Quest|Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea}}</ref><ref name="little meng pirate comm">{{Ref/Quest|The Little Pirate Goes Out to Sea}}</ref><ref name="spiritstone quest">{{Ref/Quest|Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?}}</ref>

Some teas cultivated in Qiaoying Village include Tianheng Bohea and Qiaoying floral tea.<ref name="Liben May 2022" /> The village performs an annual tea-serving ceremony, using the wilted petals of Spiritscent Flowers to prepare floral tea.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Soulscent Bloom}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* [[Yelan]]'s special dish, [[Dew-Dipped Shrimp]], uses Dipped Dew tea leaves cultivated in Qiaoying Village as an ingredient.
* [[Zhiqiong]] was once commissioned to map the terrain of Qiaoying Village for a construction project. However, after she had collected the data, the project was shelved. She also notes that the village has a very strong odor of tea and talks about one particularly skilled tea maker whom she calls "the old man".<ref name="spiritstone quest" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Chasm Spelunkers}}</ref>
* At [[Hu Tao]]'s request, [[Zhongli]] collected tea seed oil and sesame oil which he could not find closer to Liyue Harbor from Qiaoying Village for the [[Lantern Rite Festival]] during [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] event.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Between Facades and Familiar Faces}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Qiaoying Village
|zhs     = 翘英庄
|zhs_rm  = Qiàoyīng-zhuāng<ref name="zhongli tea event"/>
|zht     = 翹英莊
|zht_rm  = Qiàoyīng-zhuāng<ref name="zhongli tea event"/>
|ja      = {{Rubi|翹|ぎょう|英|えい|荘|そう}}
|ja_rm   = Gyou'ei-sou<ref name="zhongli tea event"/>{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 교영(翹英<!--ruby in-game-->) 마을
|ko_rm   = Gyoyeong Ma'eul
|es      = Aldea Chiaoying
|fr      = Village de Qiaoying
|ru      = Деревня Цяоин
|th      = Qiaoying Village
|vi      = Làng {{tt|Kiều Anh|翘英}}{{Sino|vi|part=1}}
|de      = Qiaoying
|id      = Desa Qiaoying
|pt      = Vila Qiaoying
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Liyue}}

[[fr:Village de Qiaoying]]
[[ja:翹英荘]]
[[pt-br:Vila Qiaoying]]
[[ru:Деревня Цяоин]]