{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41331
|type          = World
|requirement   = Complete the quest [[Guests in Qingce]] and [[Guardians of the Countryside]]
|startLocation = [[Qingce Village]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Chang the Ninth; Dongdong; Granny Ruoxin; Jiangcheng; Little Liu; Little Luo; Ms. Bai; Pops Kai; Traveler; Yundan
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
}}
'''Qingce's Lanterns''' is the third request in Part III of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the ninth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Granny Ruoxin]]
#Talk to [[Ms. Bai]]
#Help Ms. Bai prepare three servings of [[Raw Meat]] and [[Fowl]]
#Talk to [[Pops Kai]]
#Talk to Granny Ruoxin
#Talk to Granny Ruoxin
#Head to the entrance of [[Qingce Village]] at night (18:00 – 00:00)
#Talk to Granny Ruoxin

==Notes==
* If all requests are accepted at the same time, this request will not unlock until [[Guardians of the Countryside]] is completed.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be bothering [[Granny Ruoxin]] from [[Qingce Village]]...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' *sigh* The Lantern Rite is here once again...
:{{DIcon}} Is there something on your mind, Granny Ruoxin?
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Things should be festive and lively during the Lantern Rite, you know?
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' But in Qingce Village, the elderly are too old and the young are too young.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' All those young workers that have since flocked to the big city are either too busy and can't get time off work to celebrate the festival...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Or they're too far way to make it back home in time.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Lantern Rite is a lively festival, it's a time when everyone should gather together to celebrate...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Sure, I understand that it mustn't be easy for them either, but... *sigh* What about all the festivities?
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Ugh, there's no use in complaining. That's no way to celebrate...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' If you'd be so kind, I'm sure Ms. Bai could use a hand right about now.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' The young lady said that she wanted to prepare a table full of food for everyone and is already hard at work on the preparations. I'm afraid that she won't be able to manage on her own...
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'll go lend her a hand.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Oh, thank you. You're too kind!

;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin again)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' *sigh* Who knows when the young folks will finally get some time to rest...
----
;(Talk to Ms. Bai)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Seems we still need quite a few more ingredients...
:{{DIcon}} Let me lend you a hand.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Huh? Oh, are you willing to help? You've come right on time! I was just starting to worry that we wouldn't manage to get all the ingredients.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Let me see here... If you could, please help me get three chunks of Raw Meat and three pieces of Fowl.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' In the meantime, I'll think a way to procure the other ingredients.
----
;(Give the ingredients to Ms. Bai)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Were you able to get those three chunks of Raw Meat and Fowl?
:;(After giving the ingredients)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Great, that should be just enough. Ah yes, I'll also need you to help me go to Pops Kai and tell him to bring all the chairs and tables over.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I plan on making lots of dishes, so if we wait too long to set up the tables, I'm afraid that the food might start getting cold.

;(Talk to Ms. Bai again)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I think we've got just about everything we need...
----
;(Talk to Pops Kai)
:'''Pops Kai:''' Oh? Are you looking for me?
:{{DIcon}} We'll be needing the tables and chairs soon.
:'''Pops Kai:''' Ah yes, the tables and chairs... I remember now. I've already prepared everything.
:'''Pops Kai:''' Ah, but there should still be some more inside the shop. Alrighty, let's just bring them all out then.
:'''''You bring out the tables and chairs together with Pops Kai...'''''
:'''Pops Kai:''' That should be enough tables and chairs for everybody.
:'''Pops Kai:''' I never expected that you'd come all the way here to help me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm happy that I could help.
:'''Pops Kai:''' Heh! I must say that you're quite an extraordinary young (man/lady)... But why haven't you gone home yet? Don't you plan on celebrating with your family?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Well, there's reasons...
:'''Pops Kai:''' No need to fret, I won't ask any further. I'm sure you have your reasons.
:'''Pops Kai:''' If you're willing to celebrate the festival here, you're more than welcome to join us. As they say, the more the merrier.

;(Talk to Pops Kai again)
:'''Pops Kai:''' This year's festival is turning out to be quite the big one...
----
;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Ah, you're back. Sorry for making you do so much work on a festive day like this.
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad I could help.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Thank you, you're too kind. I've also been doing my part and managed to make quite a few Xiao Lanterns for the people of Qingce Village.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' If you'd like, you can find me near the gate later this evening. We'll release the Xiao Lanterns and celebrate the festival together.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' But who knows where the children have run off to... There's no way I could go and find them with these old legs...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Could I trouble you to round them up for me? They've always loved releasing the Xiao Lanterns.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' And be sure to tell anyone else you find along the way to head back to the village... The more the merrier, you know.
----
;(Talk to [[Yundan]])
:'''Yundan:''' Heh, thank you. Let's go release some Xiao Lanterns in a bit.

;(Talk to Pops Kai)
:'''Pops Kai:''' This is exactly how a festival should be!

;(Talk to [[Dongdong]])
:'''Dongdong:''' I wonder what food I should try...

;(Talk to [[Little Liu]])
:'''Little Liu:''' When will I get to release a Xiao Lantern...

;(Talk to Ms. Bai)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' It's such a busy Lantern Rite this year...

;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' You're here. Well then, let us prepare. We shall begin releasing the Xiao Lanterns once night falls.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:;(Proceed to the next step)
:{{DIcon}} Please wait a moment...
::'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Ah, you must still have others you'd like to invite then? We can wait awhile longer.
----
;(Talk to Little Luo)
:'''Little Luo:''' I wonder if Mr. Adeptus will come to Lantern Rite...
:{{DIcon}} We'll be releasing Xiao Lanterns in the village soon...
:'''Little Luo:''' Oh, we'll be releasing the lanterns back at the village? Thanks for letting me know.
:'''Little Luo:''' If we release enough Xiao Lanterns, maybe Mr. Adeptus will come...

;(Talk to Chang the Ninth)
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' Ah, hello. Do you need anything?
:{{DIcon}} We'll be releasing Xiao Lanterns in the village soon...
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' Granny Ruoxin will be releasing the lanterns? *sigh* She'll probably start to worry if I don't show up...
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' Alright, thanks for letting me know. I'll make my way over there shortly. At a festival like this one...the more, the merrier.

;(Talk to [[Jiangcheng]])
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Wife...Wife?
:{{DIcon}} We'll be releasing Xiao Lanterns in the village soon...
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Xiao Lanterns? Ah yes, I remember now. Hmm, I suppose it is about time to release the lanterns.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Thankfully Granny Ruoxin always remembers such traditions. Let's go make a wish together, shall we?

;(Talk to Little Luo again)
:'''Little Luo:''' I wonder if Mr. Adeptus will come to Lantern Rite...

;(Talk to Chang the Ninth again)
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' At a festival like this one... the more, the merrier.

;(Talk to Jiangcheng again)
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Think it's about time to release a Xiao Lantern now...
----
;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin at night)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' With so many of us gathered together now, things are finally starting to feel like a festival.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Heh, now let's release this Xiao Lantern together, shall we?
:'''''Everyone releases their Xiao Lanterns...'''''
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' I wish everyone excellent health and good fortune in the coming year.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' And may all the youngsters, wherever they are, see their dreams come true...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Alright Granny Ruoxin, if we wait any longer, the food I prepared will start getting cold.
:'''Little Liu:''' Wow! Look at all the tasty food!
:'''Dongdong:''' Can we go now, Granny?
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Oh, children... Very well then, off you go now.
:{{DIcon}} Won't you be joining them, Granny Ruoxin?
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Oh, me? I'm in no hurry. Besides, I'd like to watch the Xiao Lanterns awhile longer.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Which reminds me, these are for you, dear. It's my way of saying thank you for helping prepare all the festivities.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Granny Ruoxin.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' You're most welcome. From the looks of it, you must still be quite young. I imagine that all this running around must have left you quite tuckered out indeed...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Why don't you stay with us for a while and join the festivities?
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' It's good to have a rest after rushing about all year long...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Qingce's Lanterns
|zhs     = 轻策庄的霄灯
|zhs_rm  = Qīngcè-zhuāng de xiāodēng
|zht     = 輕策莊的霄燈
|zht_rm  = Qīngcè-zhuāng de xiāodēng
|zh_tl   = Qingce's Xiao-Lanterns
|ja      = 軽策荘の霄灯
|ja_rm   = Keisaku-sou no Shoutou
|ja_tl   = Qingce's Xiao-Lanterns
|ko      = 경책 산장의 소등
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Las linternas de Chingtsé
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Lanterne céleste, version Qingce
|fr_tl   = Celestial Lantern, Qingce Version
|ru      = Фонари в деревне Цинцэ
|ru_tl   = Lanterns in Qingce Village
|th      = โคม Xiao กับ Qingce Village
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đèn Tiêu của Khinh Sách Trang
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Laternen von Qingce
|de_tl   = The Lanterns of Qingce
|id      = Lentera Qingce
|id_tl   = Qingce's Lanterns
|pt      = Lanterna Celeste da Vila Qingce
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}