{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19054
|image         = Hangout Event Qingce Village Treasure Hunt.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Beidou
|actNum        = I
|act           = When the Crux Shines Bright
|startLocation = [[Qingce Village]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Qingce Village
|prev          = A Special Guest
|characters    = Beidou; Traveler; Granny Ruoxin; Wenjing; Ji; Pops Xing; Changping; Defu; Ren
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Qingce Village Treasure Hunt''' is a quest in [[Beidou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[When the Crux Shines Bright]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Qingce Village]]
# Go to [[Ren]] for a little conversation
# Look for [[Changping]] and [[Defu]]

;'''Honorary Villager'''

# Wait until nighttime (21:00-24:00)
# Take part in the village banquet
# Go to the waterwheel where the chest is

==Gameplay Notes==
*Completing this quest grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[Wine Unburdens]]''.

==Dialogue==
===Qingce Village Treasure Hunt===
{{Quest Description|update|The Treasure Map that Beidou has acquired is hard to read indeed, but you give your opinion anyway. Now it's off to Qingce Village to help Beidou look for the treasure...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Qingce Village)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_grannyruoxin_01.ogg}} '''[[Granny Ruoxin]]:''' Ah, Beidou! Wow, and the Traveler... my goodness, what's the occasion? Just here to visit us old folks once again?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_grannyruoxin_02.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' It hasn't been all that long since we last had a visit from The Crux.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_grannyruoxin_03.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' But I'm glad you picked today. You're just the people I need. These two young rascals... they've been arguing with each other non-stop about some petty nonsense or other...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_grannyruoxin_04.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' I'm too old to get through to them. They won't listen to me. Please, talk some sense into them!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_01.ogg}} '''[[Beidou]]:''' Rest assured, Granny Ruoxin. Whatever the situation is, (Traveler) and I will take care of it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_wenjing_01.ogg}} '''[[Wenjing]]:''' Oh, thank goodness, it's Captain Beidou! You couldn't have come at a better time. You're the voice of reason I need in this situation!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_01.ogg}} '''[[Ji]]:''' Captain, please! Help me get justice!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Whoa! What exactly's going on here? Spit it out, tell me everything.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_wenjing_02.ogg}} '''Wenjing:''' It makes me mad just talking about it. Ji here &mdash; I don't know if he's got a screw loose or what his problem is, but anyway, he took it upon himself to raise, well, practically a whole army of finches, okay, and now guess what? They fly onto my land and completely destroy at least half of my crops!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_wenjing_03.ogg}} '''Wenjing:''' I asked him to pay compensation, but he refused. Now how is that fair?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_02.ogg}} '''Ji:''' Captain, I'm innocent... they're not even my finches!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_03.ogg}} '''Ji:''' I just thought they looked kinda cute, y'know, so I fed 'em a couple times... they're wild birds though!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_wenjing_04.ogg}} '''Wenjing:''' A couple times? Are you kidding me? That's rich. Really rich. There were two of them when you first started. Two finches. Now you have a whole roof full of finch nests.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_wenjing_05.ogg}} '''Wenjing:''' I swear every time I come by your place, I think I'm at a bird market. I'm telling you, you are not gonna get away with this anymore.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_04.ogg}} '''Ji:''' So... yeah, I mean, they laid a few eggs, made a few nests... But finches gonna finch, y'know? These are wild birds, I mean, they'll do whatever they please...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So that's how it is. I think I got the picture. Hmm...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' (Traveler), what's your take?
:{{DIcon}} I think Ji is responsible. He has been feeding them too much, and now they're destroying people's crops.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Yeah, you have a point.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ji, let's say I'm interested in buying these finches off you. What would you say to that?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_05.ogg}} '''Ji:''' Are you serious, Captain? Oh, that'd be great! Honestly, with all this trouble they've been causing me lately, they've become a bit of a burden... so if you're happy to take them off my hands, that would be perfect.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Alright. Deal. My only condition is, you have to use some of the money to compensate Wenjing for her losses.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_06.ogg}} '''Ji:''' Ah, come on... but I never raised them, did I?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well, you tell me! You took my deal, that means you admitted to being their owner, doesn't it? Otherwise, what gives you the right to sell them to me?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_wenjing_06.ogg}} '''Wenjing:''' Captain Beidou's right! If you didn't raise them, what makes you think you can go taking her money for them, huh?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_07.ogg}} '''Ji:''' I... uh... well...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Don't worry. My offer includes plenty left over for you after deducting the compensation.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' This way you get something back for looking after them.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_08.ogg}} '''Ji:''' Okay then... okay! I'll pay the compensation!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_grannyruoxin_05.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' I hope you two are very grateful indeed to Beidou. I daresay no one else would be quite so accommodating toward the people of our village!
:{{DIcon}} I think Ji is innocent. He can't control where the finches make their nests.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm. Fair point.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Granny Ruoxin, is there anything left over from the relief funds delivered by The Crux on our last visit?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Technically, this would be a case of avian damage to agriculture. It meets the relief criteria, so we can use these funds to cover Wenjing's losses.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_grannyruoxin_06.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' Why yes, there is plenty left over. The Crux brings such a generous sum each time, there's no way our small village could ever use up all of it.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_wenjing_07.ogg}} '''Wenjing:''' Oh, thank you, Captain Beidou! You can bet I never would have managed to get Ji to pay up, even if I spent my whole life trying to persuade him!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_09.ogg}} '''Ji:''' Thank you, Captain! You can bet I never would have been able to afford the compensation out of my own pocket...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_ji_10.ogg}} '''Ji:''' I'll drive those finches away the moment I get back. I can't let them carry on ruining the neighbors' crops!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_grannyruoxin_07.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' Beidou, you do so much for our village, and we could never hope to repay you.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Granny Ruoxin, as you know, many of the boys from your fine village do sterling work for The Crux.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The fleet wouldn't be what it is today without them. So please, think nothing of it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ji, Wenjing, I guess you're free to go.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_popsxing_01.ogg}} '''[[Pops Xing]]:''' Captain Beidou! Captain Beidou, you're here.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Pops Xing! It's been a long time. How have you been?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_popsxing_02.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' <nowiki>*sigh*</nowiki> Don't get me started... I've been having some real trouble with that neighbor of mine, Ren. We keep having the same argument, and it just goes nowhere.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_popsxing_03.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' I heard you were in the village, so I rushed over to seek your help.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What's the issue?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905401_popsxing_04.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' Come with me, you'll see. Let's go find Ren and clear this whole thing up face to face.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Hearing that Beidou has come to their village, Pops Xing asks her to help mediate in a disagreement. It seems that everyone here thinks very highly of her. Go see what's going on...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to [[Ren]] for a little conversation)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_01.ogg}} '''[[Ren]]:''' C&mdash;Captain Beidou? You're here.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Heh. I heard that you and Pops Xing had a little misunderstanding. So what's up? Tell me about it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_01.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' Ren planted a tree on his property a few years back.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_02.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' I had no issue with it at the time. It's just a tree. But a few years on, it's grown taller than the roof of my house!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_03.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' Every morning when I get up and open the window, I just want to feel the sun on my face, but I'm greeted instead by the looming shadow of my neighbor's tree. It really affects my mood.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_04.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' I asked Ren to cut it down, so I could get some sunlight back on my property.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_05.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' But he said no! Ugh! It's like he's done this on purpose just to drive me crazy...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_02.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Captain Beidou, you gotta believe me, I didn't intend to block the sunlight, but there's nothing I can do about it now.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_03.ogg}} '''Ren:''' It's not just any old tree, you see... that tree was planted there by my late father!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_04.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Not long after he planted it, he passed away, and just before he passed, he left me with some parting words.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_05.ogg}} '''Ren:''' He said our family's fortune was inauspicious, and we needed something to suppress the bad luck. That's what he planted the tree for... how can I just chop it down?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_06.ogg}} '''Ren:''' I'll be honest, I spent a few years studying in Liyue Harbor, so I don't actually share his superstitious beliefs...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_07.ogg}} '''Ren:''' But still... that doesn't change the fact that this was my father's dying wish.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ok. I think I'm all clear on the situation.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' (Traveler), what are you thinking?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think it's fair for Pops Xing to suffer over this.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Yeah, you have a point.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ren, I'm truly sorry to hear that your father passed away. But look... you can't use that as an excuse for harming other people.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You really should have thought about the impact that planting that tree would have on your neighbors before you went ahead with it.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' However, this tree is special to you... I understand that, and it would be cruel to make you chop it down.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So how about you move the tree to somewhere where it won't block the sunlight? Somewhere else in your courtyard, or even outside it if you have to. Just as long as it stops posing a problem for Pops Xing.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ren, Pops Xing &mdash; thoughts?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_06.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' Your idea works for me, Captain Beidou! Forcing Ren to cut it down was never my real goal, I just want some sunlight back. That's all I ask.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_08.ogg}} '''Ren:''' <nowiki>*sigh*</nowiki> Honestly, I already considered that. It's a nice idea, but the tree's way too big. We haven't got the manpower in the village to take on a task like that...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh, you don't need to worry about that. I'll just have my crew head down to the harbor and find you a few pairs of strong arms. Problem solved.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' While they're at it, I'll have them find you a gardener, too. This tree is a little overdue for a manicure...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_09.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Wow, thank you so much, Captain Beidou. Now that this is resolved, it'll be such a relief to be able to put it all behind me.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_10.ogg}} '''Ren:''' On a separate note... I remember The Crux last visited the village not very long ago.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_11.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Is there some special reason why you're back in person so soon?
:{{DIcon}} I think Ren deserves some leniency.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Mmm, I was thinking along the same lines as you.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Look Pops, I'm not trying to make excuses for Ren, but just try putting yourself in his shoes for a moment.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ren's desire to protect his tree isn't for money, or because he wants to hurt anyone, or for the sake of any superstition.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' He just wants to honor his father's dying wish. Pops... you have kids, too, right?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_07.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' Yeah... when you put it like that...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Pops, if you can agree to it, I'll have a word with Granny Ruoxin and see about getting you some money from the relief fund, as compensation for having your sunlight blocked...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As for the tree...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_08.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' Uh... that sounds good to me! Whatever you think, Captain Beidou...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_09.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' The tree can stay!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_popsxing_10.ogg}} '''Pops Xing:''' Some compensation would make me feel much better about the whole thing.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_12.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Thank you, Captain Beidou! And thank you for understanding, Pops Xing! I'll make sure to trim it back when I get home to let some more light through...
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_13.ogg}} '''Ren:''' It'll be such a relief not to have to worry about this anymore.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_14.ogg}} '''Ren:''' On a separate note... I remember The Crux last visited the village not very long ago.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_15.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Is there some special reason why you're back in person so soon?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, nothing all that special, just personal reasons. I'm looking for some treasure.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_16.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Huh? Treasure? Wait a second... that reminds me, I saw Changping and Defu arguing in the fields earlier. It sounded like they were both trying to lay claim to some treasure...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_ren_17.ogg}} '''Ren:''' I don't know if it's related to the one you were looking for. But anyway, they're probably still there now.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905402_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Really? Okay, well, you and Pops Xing can go about your business now. I'll go see what the situation is.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You hear from Ren that Changping and Defu are currently arguing over some treasure. Time to see what's happening...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Look for Changping and Defu)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_changping_01.ogg}} '''[[Changping]]:''' Huh? Beidou!? You're just in time. Defu is being completely unreasonable!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What happened?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_defu_01.ogg}} '''[[Defu]]:''' I'm not being unreasonable, Captain. I got Changping to help me plow my land, because it's the busy season.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_defu_02.ogg}} '''Defu:''' And then, what do you know &mdash; he plows up a treasure chest!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_defu_03.ogg}} '''Defu:''' Way I see it, it's my land, so the treasure belongs to me. Right? I think it's a pretty clear-cut case.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_changping_02.ogg}} '''Changping:''' You say that, Defu, but what you're forgetting is that I came to help you plow your fields out of the goodness of my heart, and you haven't paid me a single Mora.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_changping_03.ogg}} '''Changping:''' It was also my plowing that turned up this chest. However you cut it, surely I'm entitled to at least some of the treasure?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, the domestic drama just keeps coming today. What are your thoughts, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} I know a legal expert. I think she is better suited to handling this kind of stuff.
:{{DIcon}} I don't have your clout. You should be the one making the call.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Okay. I think I'm up to speed here. If you two really want to take this further, I can get a legal expert from Liyue Harbor to adjudicate.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As for the costs, I'll cover them. What do you think?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_changping_04.ogg}} '''Changping:''' Umm...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_defu_04.ogg}} '''Defu:''' Umm...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Neither of you seems thrilled about this course of action. Okay, so plan B.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'll be straight with you &mdash; the reason I came here today was to look for some treasure. Chances are it's hiding right there in the chest you're both fighting over.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So how about you two stop fighting over it, and do me a favor by handing it to me?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Of course, I'll be indebted to both of you. If either of you ever needs anything in the future, The Crux will not hesitate to lend you our support.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_defu_05.ogg}} '''Defu:''' Captain, you're far too kind, really. Indebted? That won't be necessary. If you want this chest, you go ahead and take it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_changping_05.ogg}} '''Changping:''' Yep, totally agree! If only I'd known you were looking for this chest...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_changping_06.ogg}} '''Changping:''' You should've said something! I would have delivered it to you personally to save you the trip.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_defu_06.ogg}} '''Defu:''' It seems like it's been quite a busy day for you. Helping us settle all our little quarrels...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_defu_07.ogg}} '''Defu:''' Come on! Let's go to the village. I'll rally the masses, we'll get some good food and good drink, and have a good old get-together!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905404_changping_07.ogg}} '''Changping:''' Don't worry about the chest. I'll carry it over!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Honorary Villager===
{{Quest Description|update|At your suggestion, the two of you decide to seek the treasure in Qingce Village. What will you encounter on the way?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Wait until nighttime <nowiki>(21:00 - 24:00)</nowiki>)
;(Take part in the village banquet)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_grannyruoxin_01.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' What a fine day today has been... Beidou has solved an awful lot of problems in our village.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_ji_01.ogg}} '''Ji:''' She sure has! Without Captain Beidou, that compensation payment would've bankrupted me.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_ren_01.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Yeah, and if it weren't for Captain Beidou, I'd still be arguing with Pops Xing!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_defu_01.ogg}} '''Defu:''' Hear, hear! We all have plenty to thank Captain Beidou for, I'm sure. I propose a toast in her honor!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_changping_01.ogg}} '''Changping:''' To Captain Beidou! Cheers!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I couldn't ask for more than the chance to get everyone together and drink to our hearts' content. Cheers!

:'''After the lively celebration...'''

:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Whew! That really hit the spot. (Traveler), wanna get some air? The view in this place is pretty good.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We can take a look through the contents of that chest while we're at it. Changping placed it by the waterwheel.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure you haven't had too much to drink?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Pff! Are you kidding? Beidou can handle her liquor!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905405_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come on, come on, let's go.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|After three rounds of drinks, Beidou invites you to go out to shoot the breeze &mdash; and maybe find out what's in that chest...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_grannyruoxin_01.ogg}} '''Granny Ruoxin:''' It's not often this village gets so lively. Make yourself at home, Traveler, help yourself to some food and drink.

;(Talk to Ji again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_ji_01.ogg}} '''Ji:''' It's not just me saying this, honestly &mdash; those finches are the cutest little things! So plump and fluffy... Traveler, do you want to swing by my place and see them?

;(Talk to Wenjing again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_wenjing_01.ogg}} '''Wenjing:''' Ji may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but even I can't deny he's just a big softie at heart.

;(Talk to Ren again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_ren_01.ogg}} '''Ren:''' Why isn't Pops Xing here tonight?

;(Talk to Defu again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_defu_01.ogg}} '''Defu:''' Changping, come on, let me top you off!

;(Talk to Changping again)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_changping_01.ogg}} '''Changping:''' Thanks, but no thanks... I'm getting a little light-headed...

;(Observe Cup, located on the table in front of Ren)
:'''Observe Cup:''' The crystal-clear fluid that fills this cup is a fruit juice that Beidou specially ordered for you.

;(Go to the waterwheel where the chest is)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So I've been thinking, everyone seems to trust me enough to let me have the final word on their disputes...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But don't you think some of my solutions can be a little stupid?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You can laugh, I don't mind. Take Changping and Defu's wrangling over that chest, for instance...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I had no clue who it should belong to. So I just came up with this stupid idea of taking it for myself. At least that way, neither of them would feel like it was unfair.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But I mean, I'm no [[Ningguang]]. I can't make a perfect deal every time.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' And I'm no [[Yanfei]], either. Not all my judgment calls are gonna be 100% fair and square.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I am Beidou, and my strength is in trading favors.
:{{DIcon}} So the captain of The Crux just hands out favors to everyone all the time?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, you think I should be more selective?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Some people think their favors are so valuable that they need to plan out how and when to use them to maximize the return on their investment. They view the favor as a bargaining chip.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Others see doing favors as a burden. Not worth anything in monetary terms, and prone to getting you locked in a cycle of constantly returning the favor back and forth.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But the way I see it, favors are what keep people connected to one another.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Over thousands of years, the people of Liyue have created bonds between each other by doing someone a favor here, and asking for a favor there.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' This means that no individual is truly on their own out there. When someone falls down, there's an invisible net made of human connections, waiting to catch them and get them back on their feet.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Over the years, I have come to owe favors to a great many people, and many other people have come to owe me one.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' These are the countless bonds between us, like so many fish in the sea. And they are the reason that The Crux and I have survived the countless hardships we've faced.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I believe that if there ever comes a day when the world is overrun by monsters, Liyue's legal system collapses, and the land is thrust back into an age of war...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It is these bonds that will see us all through the dark days ahead, until we come out on the other side.
:{{DIcon}} So the reason you asked for my help with finding the treasure today was so that you can owe me a favor?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm not saying that. But either way, we have a pretty firm bond between us already, don't you think?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha! Was this wind brewed in a winery? It's making me light-headed...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_20.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I feel like I'm forgetting something... something we were literally just talking about...
:{{DIcon}} If you forgot, that means it's not important.
:{{DIcon}} You did mention that treasure chest...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_21.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh, yeah! The chest! Haha... I got so immersed in our conversation that I forgot all about the main event...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_22.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come on. Let's open it up and see what's inside.

:'''You all open the Chest and are overwhelmed by the putrid smell of years old rotten cabbage.'''

:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_23.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahahaha. That's it? A whole lot of nothing?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_24.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It's not exactly what I was looking for... but you know what, I don't care. The fun part was going on a treasure hunt with you!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905406_beidou_25.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come on, let's get back to the party! Tonight, we go big before we go home!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Between Us===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Between Us
|character       = Beidou
|act             = 1
|description     = Community and cheer are the web that connects human hearts.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Qingce Village Treasure Hunt
|zhs     = 轻策庄寻宝纪事
|zhs_rm  = Qīngcè zhuāng xúnbǎo jìshì
|zht     = 輕策莊尋寶紀事
|zht_rm  = Qīngcè zhuāng xúnbǎo jìshì
|zh_tl   = Record of Qingce Village Treasure Hunt
|ja      = 軽策荘宝探し紀事
|ja_rm   = Keisaku-sou Takarasagashi Kiji{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Chronicle of Qingce Village Treasure Hunt
|ko      = 경책 산장 보물찾기
|ko_rm   = Gyeongchaek Sanjang Bomulchatkki
|ko_tl   = Qingce Mountain Cabin Treasure Hunt
|es      = Cacería de tesoros en la Aldea Chingtsé
|es_tl   = Treasure Hunting in Qingce Village
|fr      = Chroniques de la chasse aux trésors dans le Village de Qingce
|fr_tl   = Treasure Hunt Chronicles in Qingce Village
|ru      = Кладоискательство в деревне Цинцэ
|ru_tl   = Treasure Hunt in Qingce Village
|th      = บันทึกการล่าขุมทรัพย์แห่ง Qingce Village
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hành Trình Kho Báu Khinh Sách Trang
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatzsuche im Qingce-Dorf
|de_tl   = Treasure Hunt in Qingce Village
|id      = Perburuan Harta Karun Qingce Village
|id_tl   = Qingce Village Treasure Hunt
|pt      = A Caça ao Tesouro na Vila Qingce
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Qingce Köyü Hazine Avı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Caccia al tesoro nel Villaggio di Qingce
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}