{{Location Infobox
|image        = Sign Qingce Village Bulletin Board.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|type2        = Bulletin Board
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Bishui Plain
|subarea      = Qingce Village
}}
{{Description|This is the Qingce Village Bulletin Board. You can find local news and notes from villagers posted here.}}

The '''Qingce Village Bulletin Board''' is a bulletin board located in [[Qingce Village]]. The messages randomly cycle through every time it is interacted with.

==Messages==
===About Amber's Grandfather===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Message:''' "An old friend came back to the village yesterday. We hadn't seen each other in 40... no, 50 years... but when I saw the way he flew with his wind glider, I knew it had to be him."
:'''Message:''' "When we were young, we worked as hired muscle on board. He later went to [[Mondstadt]] to become some kind of knight... but now he's come back in his old age without even a word. I see him skulking around, but have no idea where he lives or what he does for a living now..."
:'''Message:''' "After all these years, I still don't understand him..."
:'''Another Note:''' "You can still clearly remember something from 40 or 50 years ago, but I can't even remember the dream I had last night."
{{Dialogue end}}

===About Bubu Pharmacy===
:'''Message:''' "Medicinal ingredients for sale at fair prices! Buy individually or in bulk"
:'''Message:''' "Come to the [[Bubu Pharmacy]] in Liyue Harbor to learn more."

===About Chongyun===
:'''Message:''' "While collecting herbs in [[Jueyun Karst]], I slipped and was about to fall into an abyss when I was miraculously saved by a [[Chongyun|young exorcist dressed in white]]. Sadly, he left in a hurry before I even had time to ask his name."
:'''Message:''' "Here I would like to leave a message for my saviour: No matter if you are an [[Adepti|adeptus]] or knight, if you happen to pass through Qingce Village and read this, please tell me."
:'''Message:''' "It would be an honor to meet you. &mdash;[[Zhi]]"
:'''Another Note:''' "Young people these days are so careless! When I was your age, my legs were steady on even the steepest slopes!"

===About Yun Jin===
:'''Message:''' "A few days ago on my way to my son-in-law's home, I stopped by the [[Heyu Tea House]] to watch a performance by [[Yun Jin]]."
:'''Message:''' "Yun Jin is a talented young woman, able to lead this Tea House in both business and on the stage! Her dancing, her singing... able to attain perfection already at such a young age, who knows what greater heights she will reach in the future!"
:'''Another Note:''' "Young people are getting more and more impressive these days. [[Granny Ruoxin]], how do you think Yun Jin compares to you when you were young?"
:'''Reply:''' "You're the village chief. In regards to opera singing, what you say goes!"

===About Xingqiu===
:'''Message:''' "Today that [[Xingqiu|urbane swordsman]] brought us a few more books. They also had his notes in them."
:'''Message:''' "But I couldn't read what he wrote, so I showed them to Granny Ruoxin. She said they looked like some kind of exorcist symbols, but they were simply too sloppy to be sure."
:'''Message:''' "Very impressive, swordsman! So this is what people learn in books?"

<!--Messages: B -->
<!--Messages: C -->
===Chang the Ninth's Message===
:'''Message:''' "I've been in this cage for so long, oh how I long for freedom! Qingce Village has never been the place I will settle down, someday I will return to Liyue Harbor and restore my family name!"
:'''Another Note:''' "Dear [[Chang the Ninth]] we have some leftover rice and tofu to come give you. We old folks can't finish it all."
:'''Reply:''' "They say 'A real man doesn't accept handouts.' Leave it in the pavillion, I'll go get it myself."

<!--Messages: D -->
===Dongdong's Message===
:'''Message:''' "To my Dad, the hero of the [[Crux Fleet]]:"
:'''Message:''' "While you're out adventuring on the open sea. I'm also looking for treasure! We said one day we would live in a big house in Liyue Harbor &mdash; I have to do my part, too!"
:'''Message:''' "I found a lot of interesting rocks in the river, carefully picking the very best ones very and collecting them in a bottle. Granny Ruoxin says it's the best treasure I could give you."
:'''Message:''' "I met a really awesome big-sister in the Bamboo Forest. She gave me a few shiny rocks that were even cooler-looking than mine!"
:'''Message:''' "I gave all the rocks to Granny Ruoxin for safe-keeping. When you get back I'll show them to you!"
:'''Message:''' "&mdash;[[Dongdong]]"

===Granny Ruoxin's Message===
:'''Message:''' "[[Jiangcheng]] has lived alone for years and his mind is starting to go... I hope as friends and neighbors we can help him with fieldwork and send him food occasionally."
:'''Message:''' "Since time immemorial, we have had the pleasure of living together in this mountain village. We are like a big family and treat each other as such, providing sympathy and financial help for each other when in need."
:'''Message:''' "For the past and future of Qingce Village, I thank everyone for their sincerity and kindness. &mdash;Granny Ruoxin"

===Hanfeng's Message===
:'''Message:''' "Dating Ad"
:'''Message:''' "My son [[Master Zhang|Zhang]] is a sturdy young man with a gentle personality, adept both in company and the kitchen. He has a home in [[Liyue Harbor]] where he runs an honest [[Hanfeng's Ironmongers|family business]] making weapons, some of the finest you will see."
:'''Message:''' "He's also humorous, warm-hearted, and &mdash; most importantly &mdash; handsome! If you're looking for a happy marriage, don't miss out! Come to Hanfeng's Ironmongers at [[Liyue Harbor#Chihu Rock 2|Chihu Rock]] in Liyue Harbor to discuss now!"
:'''Message:''' "I am already an old man and would love to have a grandchild. Please help..."

===Little Xing's Message===
:'''Message:''' "Oh [[Rex Lapis|Lord of Geo]], if you come to Qingce Village, please give [[Little Liu]] a vision."
:'''Message:''' "With a Vision, she will get rich. If she gets rich, her father won't need to work so hard to make money with the [[Millelith]]."
:'''Message:''' "If her father doesn't work so hard, she will be happy."
:'''Message:''' "If she's happy, I will be happy."

===Master Lu's Message===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Message:''' "The exquisite craftsmanship of [[Fanmu Carpenter]]'s is second to none. Unfortunately, without someone to carry on the legacy, this carpentry's treasured craft is at risk of disappearing into the sands of time. We are looking for a young apprentice eager to learn the craft. Meals and lodging provided!
:'''Message:''' "Anyone interested can talk to [[Master Lu]]... There's free tea!"

===Random Message #1===
:'''Message:''' "Qiang! Li! We're going to the city tomorrow to make some BIG money! In a few days I'll treat you both to a drink at the wharf!"
:'''Another Note:''' "After a year back, we're heading out to sea again with the fleet. Who knows when our next chance to drink together will be?"

===Uncle Ghast's Ghost Ad===
:'''Message:''' "[[Ms. Bai]] is afraid her handwriting is too ugly, so she asked me, [[Uncle Ghast]], to write this on behalf of her mill... Everyone come try the new seasonal delight &mdash; [[Almond Tofu]]!"
:'''Message:''' "Since Ms. Bai took her father's place to run the mill, the Almond Tofu of Qingce Village has become even more sweet and tender..."
:'''Message:''' "...But every night a strange creaking sound can be heard from the mill &mdash; the millstone is still spinning by itself! How can this be, you ask? Come talk to [[Uncle Ghast]] to learn about this profound mystery of the night."
:'''Another Note:''' "Please don't promote your own ghost stories here. You'll scare away the guests!"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*The message regarding the old friend who came back to the village is implied to be [[Amber's Grandfather]], as he was the leader of a mercenary group before joining the [[Knights of Favonius]] in the same time frame as listed in the message.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}

[[ja:軽策荘告示板]]
[[ru:Доска объявлений деревни Цинцэ]]