{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Qiqi
|id             = 368123
|image          = Character Qiqi Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Qiqi''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"My notebook..."
*"Time to gather herbs..."
*"Time for my stretches..."
*"It's cool..."
*"Coconut milk..."
When the player is nearby:
*"Hello..."
*"I remember you."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Hello... Oh, it's you, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I remember you.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Umm... nice. Peaceful.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I can do my stretches in the daytime without anyone watching.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' And there aren't too many things to... uhh... remember.
::{{DIcon}} Do you have your notebook with you?
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Notebook? Notebook...
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Notebook... Who is that again...?
:::{{DIcon}} (Oh dear...)
::{{DIcon}} Qiqi, do you still remember how to gather herbs?
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Herbs...? Herbs...
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' ...Remind me, what are herbs again?
:::{{DIcon}} I'll help you remember.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' No need. I will be fine...
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Don't forget. Qiqi is stronger than she looks.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Chat... chat...
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' That would be nice. Chatting with you would be great.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' ...But...
::{{DIcon}} But what?
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' ...I'll forget.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I'll forget everything we said...
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' ...I'll forget what your voice sounded like...
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' ...And... the happy feeling... I'll forget that too...
::{{DIcon}} But you will be happy in the moment, right? That's what's important.
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 08a 1.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Oh... really?
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 08a 2.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I suppose that... if I was sad now... you would be sad, too.
::{{DIcon}} I'll come and chat with you every day.
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 08b 1.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Every day...?
:::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 08b 2.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' So, every day will be... happy?
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Okay. Qiqi wants to smile.
::{{DIcon}} Aww, what a cute smile.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Oh...
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' ...It's because you're here.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I... want to get a pet finch.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Then we can... look after it here... together.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' If you find some seeds, I can feed it.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' We can build a nest... so the wind and rain won't disturb it.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I will take it on walks during the daytime... and it can stretch with me before bedtime.
::{{DIcon}} You'd be like the finch's older sister.
::{{DIcon}} It'd be sure to grow up strong and healthy.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Yes. I will be a good... role model.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I'll protect it... and you too.
::{{DIcon}} And I'll make sure to look after you both, too.
::{{DIcon}} Thanks, Qiqi, counting on you!
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Mm-hmm!
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' You, Qiqi, and a nice little finch...
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' *sigh* That would be quite nice...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Qiqi.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Morning, (Traveler)...
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Don't forget your things.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Qiqi.
::{{A|vo qiqi mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Good night... I will protect you in your dreams.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly qiqi village 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Hmm... My notebook doesn't say anything about this place.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly qiqi village 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' But... it's very quiet. I like it. Can I come here often?
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly qiqi village 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I wrote it in my notebook. Thank you.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly qiqi adventure 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' This place feels... familiar. Let me look at my notebook.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly qiqi adventure 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Yes, when I was gathering herbs, I rested somewhere. It was like this place.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly qiqi adventure 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' So... this place is safe. Thank you.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Ци Ци/Компаньон]]