{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Quote|An apprentice and herb gatherer at Bubu Pharmacy. "Blessed" by the [[adepti]] with a body that cannot die, this petite zombie cannot do anything without first giving herself orders to do it.<br />Qiqi's memory is like a sieve. Out of necessity, she always carries around a notebook in which she writes anything important that she is sure to forget later.<br />But on her worst days, she even forgets to look at her notebook...|Description from the Official Website<ref>Official Genshin Impact Website: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/character/liyue?char=6 Qiqi]</ref>}}

==Personality==
{{Quote|An apprentice and herb gatherer at [[Bubu Pharmacy]]. An undead with a bone-white complexion, she seldom has much in the way of words or emotion.|In-game character attributes and profile page text.}}
Qiqi has a quiet yet polite demeanor when dealing with customers at the pharmacy. As a [[zombie]], Qiqi has trouble retaining memories and can quickly forget about people if she doesn't continually reinforce herself with an impression of them, using her Vision to protect those she holds dear. Due to her undead nature, Qiqi has a relatively dull tone of voice and cannot convey most of her emotions to others, nor does she have a sense of smell. She prefers cold weather, as the heat reminds her of death, and her flesh begins to decay if she stays too long in such places.

Although zombies have to be issued orders when awoken, because Qiqi had done so herself, she is a rare case. She has to give herself orders to perform her duties. These duties cannot be canceled, and she must either finish the task or be forced to cancel it by hugging her with enough sincerity. She takes her responsibilities seriously, carrying a notebook in which she details everything she needs to do for the day, which also serves as a reminder in case she forgets something. She also strives to improve herself, so she becomes less forgetful. However, some days, she may forget to check on her notebook.

While she generally gets along with everyone, she loses it whenever [[Hu Tao]] comes or is mentioned, remarking that she has a "punchable face" and despises her, expressing an intent to throw the director into the fridge due to her insistence on sealing her away. Even after giving her an exception and pampering her, Qiqi still holds a grudge against Hu Tao.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Hu Tao|Character Story 4}}</ref> Although Qiqi works for Baizhu, she can never remember his face, which she does not mind since she is aware that he has ulterior motives toward her.

==Appearance==
{{See also|Summerchill Dreams}}
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 3-4 sentences. Outfits should be described on the outfit pages. -->
Qiqi uses the [[:Category:Short Female Characters|short female]] model. She has pale skin, magenta-colored eyes, and light purple hair that is chin-length except for a section at the back of her head that goes down past her hips.

Despite being a zombie, Qiqi claims to be in better shape than her boss, Baizhu. She performs calisthenics daily to prevent rigor mortis from setting in, which would otherwise force her to continually hop around to move.

==Official Introduction==
{{Official Introduction
|title=Fortune Preserver Amidst Everlasting Cold
|link=https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15728
|character=Qiqi
}}
{{Quote|Gather herbs in the morning. Make medicine in the afternoon. Do light stretches in the evening.|The daily schedule written in Qiqi's notebook.}}

An apprentice and herb gatherer at Bubu Pharmacy, Qiqi is an undead with a bone-white complexion.

She seldom has much in the way of words or emotions.

"Blessed" by the adepti with a body that cannot die, this petite zombie retains her original appearance as a child. Who knows how old she really is...

Zombies must have orders before they can do anything. Somehow Qiqi ended up responsible for giving orders to herself.

Qiqi's memory is like a sieve. Out of necessity, she always carries around a notebook.

Despite how problematic her memory may be, she is actually quite well-equipped to get through the day: she can use orders to force herself to complete tasks; if she forgets anything, she can look at her notebook for a reminder; and if any task proves difficult, her incredible strength can help solve many problems.

Recently, she has also added a section on "brain training" and "mnemonic methods." Her notebook is becoming a true "dummy's guide" on just about anything.

But on her worst days, she even forgets to look at her notebook...

If while in the mountains of Liyue you see someone bumping into things, walking in circles, or chasing squirrels that don't exist, it is almost certainly to be the adorable undead herb gatherer. If she seems to be struggling, please lend a helping hand!

"I am Qiqi. I am a zombie. And I forgot what comes next."

An apprentice and herb gatherer at Bubu Pharmacy.

"Blessed" by the adepti with a body that cannot die, this petite zombie cannot do anything without first giving herself orders to do it.

Qiqi's memory is like a sieve. Out of necessity, she always carries around a notebook in which she writes anything important that she is sure to forget later.

But on her worst days, she even forgets to look at her notebook...

==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = <p>Due to being a zombie, Qiqi lacks facial expression. She hopes that's okay.</p><p>She may look like a zombie, but she's surprisingly limber due to a strict calisthenics regimen.</p><p>Her memory is poor. She forgets easily, and that is partly why she can seem cold to others.</p><p>Her appearance is forever frozen at the point of her passing, so estimates of her age are unreliable.</p><p>Zombies require orders to act, but due to some reason or another, Qiqi is presently giving herself orders.</p>
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|text2         = <p>Usually, zombies are cold and stiff, which forces them to locomote by hopping about.</p><p>As such, Qiqi keeps up a calisthenics regimen to retain a human-like form.</p><p>The 77th-generation Director of the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]], Hu Tao, doesn't see the point of all this. Whenever she meets Qiqi, she will say: "It would be easier if you just let me bury you."</p><p>Qiqi, of course, has no wish to be buried, and so conducts her exercises at night when no one's about.</p><p>Qiqi's memory falls far behind those of non-undead disposition.</p><p>If she does not continue to reinforce her impressions of someone, she will completely forget them in three days tops.</p><p>But who knows, this might be a good thing &mdash; for a person with painful memories, forgetting may, in fact, be a form of release.</p><p>The person Qiqi must remember most... not only does this person have a very punch-able face, but she also shows up every single day.</p><p>As such, Qiqi isn't too concerned about her poor memory.</p>
|mention2      = Hu Tao

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|text3         = <p>Qiqi is very petite indeed, but is in fact a very powerful zombie. Her short stature is hardly any impediment, but is instead good for high-speed movement.</p><p>In combat, Qiqi will unleash the self-control that she usually maintains, allowing her body to return to an undead state, increasing her strength and speed.</p><p>"You're dead."</p><p>Once she has stoically defeated her enemies, Qiqi will once again get her muscles under control, returning to her normal state.</p><p>She has been threatened in the past by [[Treasure Hoarders]] while picking herbs by herself.</p><p>Now, a little girl, all by herself, seems like an easy target, no?</p><p>Who would have thought that this girl could send a whole crew flying?</p><p>This is why we should always remember never to judge a person based on appearances. Or a zombie, for that matter.</p>
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|text4         = <p>Zombies mostly require orders from the person who awakens them to move. But strictly speaking, Qiqi has never been awakened.</p><p>As such, she counts as a very rare case of a zombie that gives itself orders.</p><p>If these orders are simple ones like "defeat the enemy," Qiqi has no problem fulfilling them.</p><p>But when faced with complex instructions such as "go to [[Jueyun Karst]], climb the sheer rock faces and pick herbs," Qiqi sometimes winds up stuck below the cliffs, unable to give up no matter how many times she tries and fails to scale the cliff.</p><p>The method to cancel her orders is very simple &mdash; hug Qiqi from behind, tell her something like "I love you the most," and the orders will dissipate, just like that.</p><p>Unfortunately, there's just no element of sincerity when [[Baizhu]] does it, leading to greatly reduced results.</p><p>Perhaps someday, someone will come along who understands that such words cannot be spoken lightly, and who slowly but carefully releases the hold that Qiqi's orders have over her...</p><p>What will Qiqi's response be then?</p>
|mention4      = Baizhu

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|text5         = <p>This ancient story has long been forgotten by mortals.</p><p>An ordinary herb-picking lass named Qiqi lost her way and trespassed the realm of the [[adepti]]. Injuring her right leg in a fall, she hurriedly hid in a cavern to rest.</p><p>Even occupied as she was in bandaging her wound, she could hear sounds that did not belong to the mortal plane. But she could have never expected that with a huge crash, she would forever be trapped between life and death.</p><p>Whether adepti or demons, just or wicked, all understood that she was an innocent mortal caught in the crossfire.</p><p>Or perhaps it was by the will of heaven that she received a Vision in her dying moments, and so ended this contention between adepti and demon.</p><p>The adepti could not bear to let her die, and each imparted to her a portion of their strength, meaning to breathe life back into her body.</p><p>Qiqi did indeed awaken and live again, but went into a berserk state, unable to control the adepti energy raging through her.</p><p>Seeking to end the disturbance, [[Mountain Shaper]] had no choice but to seal the hapless maiden in amber.</p>
|mention5      = Mountain Shaper

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|text6         = <p>After hundreds of years, Qiqi was discovered by humans, still trapped in the amber, and was brought to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor for burial.</p><p>The mountain roads were treacherous, however, and the amber was bumped about. Coupled with the passing of many years, the seal on Qiqi was all but spent.</p><p>She awakened in the middle of the night, broke the amber in secret, and fled.</p><p>Following the herb-picking habits of her previous life, Qiqi headed right for the hills.</p><p>By chance, she met Baizhu, the boss of Bubu Pharmacy, on the way, and he took her in.</p><p>Now, Baizhu was a doctor of great skill, but he was hardly a man of high caliber or great courage.</p><p>Even so, he took her in, never mind that her memory was so poor that she could not even sort herbs out.</p><p>It does seem that his acceptance of Qiqi has something to do with his own personal pursuits.</p><p>Qiqi is stiff, but not slow, and has long realized this. However, she does not take it to heart.</p><p>Perhaps she has seen too much, or been alone for too long... But what remains true is that she treasures his concern, even if there is some other motive behind it.</p>
|mention6      = Baizhu

|title7        = A Home-and-Away Handbook of Practical Wisdom for the Undead
|friendship7   = 4
|text7         = <p>Qiqi carries something with her that looks like a notebook.</p><p>Qiqi's memory is very poor, so it is an object of irreplaceable importance if she is to smoothly go about her daily life.</p><p>The words within are written in a centuries-old style, and are very elegant indeed.</p><p>The first page is an instructional on calisthenics.</p><p>Moving past that, one finds the descriptions of various herbs and some "orders."</p><p>Qiqi needs to give herself orders, so she has very precise instructions to ensure smooth transition.</p><p>She has also dutifully written down all the things she needs to do in a day.</p><p>Recently, she has also added a section on "brain training" and "mnemonic methods."</p><p>At this point, it has become a true "dummy's guide" on just about anything.</p><p>But if the day ever comes when Qiqi also forgets to look at her notebook... there would truly be nothing for it then.</p>
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|text8         = <p>Qiqi's Vision was given to her in the last moment of her life.</p><p>She wanted to stop the clock from turning. She wanted to live happily again.</p><p>She feared death. She wanted to live. She missed her family... These feelings coalesced at last into "ice."</p><p>"If only I could freeze time... How wonderful would that be?"</p><p>As she thought thus, tears fell from the moribund girl's eyes upon the Vision that had appeared before her.</p><p>The mighty and illuminated adepti all acknowledged this as a legitimate form of "illumination" &mdash; the yearning of humanity for bygone days is, after all, a desire to protect that past.</p>
|mention8      = 
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|Qiqi: Cold Storage}}

==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Pristina Nola}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events
|Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go = cinematic
}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Mail==
{{Mails by Category List|noheader=1}}

==Trivia==
* Qiqi's type of zombification is depicted as that of a {{w|jiangshi}}, a "hopping zombie" in Chinese legend.
**Jiangshi are typically depicted as reanimated corpses wearing a round-topped hat with a talisman strip hanging from their foreheads and suffer rigor mortis (stiffening of the limbs after death), which is why hopping is their only form of locomotion. Qiqi performs calisthenics daily to prevent rigor mortis from setting in.
* Qiqi is mentioned in Baizhu's message on the [[Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board]]. In her reply, Hu Tao then offers to bury her.
* According to the Chinese version, [[Ancient Sword Art|Qiqi's swordsmanship]] is the ancient form of the [[Yunlai Swordsmanship]], a Liyue [[Martial Arts in Teyvat|martial arts]] school whose masters include [[Keqing]].
* The Steambird's [[The Steambird#Teyvat Food Notes|Teyvat Food Notes]] column, which are blog posts on the Chinese official site with real-life recipes for in-game [[food]] items, features Qiqi in the post for [[Lotus Flower Crisp]].<ref>HoYoverse Chinese News: [https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/news/detail/12566 Teyvat Food Notes - Qiqi Likes Coconut Milk and Lotus Cakes]</ref> Also in the post is a recipe for a coconut milk-based cocktail. However, the [[Traveler]] (the columnist) excludes alcohol from Qiqi's glass.
* Qiqi shares the same Japanese voice actress with Theresa Apocalypse from ''Houkai Gakuen 2'' and both Theresa Apocalypse and the ELF Blood Embrace from ''{{w|Honkai Impact 3rd}}''.
* Qiqi shares the same Chinese voice actress with [[Noelle]] and [[Lumine]], Yanning.
* Qiqi and the [[Unknown God]] share the same English voice actress, Christie Cate.
*Qiqi and [[Nahida]] share the same Japanese voice actress, Tamura Yukari.
* Qiqi is known by these aliases or titles:
** Fortune Preserver<ref>{{Ref/Talent|Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune}}</ref>
* Her coin-shaped hair accessory is likely the {{Lang|{{w|Chinese burial money}}|zh=冥钱|zh_rm=míng qián|zh_lit=dark coin}}, or imitations of currency that are placed in a grave. In Chinese funeral tradition, it was one of the most common type of grave goods to be buried so that the deceased person could bribe the judge-ruler of the underworld (similar to {{w|Charon's obol}} in ancient Greece and Rome).
** Her special food [[No Tomorrow]] also contains coin-shaped ingredients.
* Excluding [[Aloy]] (who is a crossover character lacking Character Trials) and the Traveler, Qiqi is one of the only two 5-star characters who has never wielded a 5-star weapon in any of her Character Trial iterations to date. The other 5-star character with this distinction is [[Albedo]].

===NPCs Mentions===
* During the [[Fleeting Colors in Flight]] event, [[Tia]] saw Qiqi and Baizhu. She notes that Qiqi, who had to visit patients in Qingce Village, was prohibited by Baizhu from climbing the roof and watching the fireworks, while she, who is free is still not allowed to climb the roof.

===Etymology===
* "Qiqi" ({{zh|七七}}), literally "seven (times) seven", is the name of a somewhat antiquated funeral ritual in {{w|East Asian Buddhism}}, which lasts 49 days after a person's death when fully performed, in which a memorial ceremony is held on each seventh day.<ref>Chinese Wikipedia: {{w|zh:做七|{{zh|做七}}}}</ref><ref>Japanese Wikipedia: {{w|ja:中陰法要|{{ja|中陰法要}}}}</ref>
* Her constellation, Pristina Nola, is Latin for "The Ancient Bell."

==Other Languages==
===Character Title: Icy Resurrection===
{{Other Languages
|en      = Icy Resurrection
|zhs     = 冻冻回魂夜
|zhs_rm  = Dòngdòng Huíhúnyè
|zht     = 凍凍回魂夜
|zht_rm  = Dòngdòng Huíhúnyè
|zh_tl   = Chilly Soul-Returning Night
|zh_note = In Chinese folk religion, {{zh|{{w|zh:回魂|回魂夜}}|rm=Huíhúnyè|lit=soul-returning night}} is the night shortly after someone's death where their soul is believed to return to visit family.
|ja      = 冷たき黄泉帰り
|ja_rm   = Tsumetaki Yomijikaeri{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Icy Resurrection
|ko      = 차가운 환혼의 밤
|ko_rm   = Chagaun Hwanhon-ui Bam
|ko_tl   = Cold Night of Soul-return
|es      = La Resurrección del Hielo
|es_tl   = Icy Resurrection
|fr      = Renaissance gelée
|fr_tl   = Icy Rebirth
|ru      = Ледяное воскрешение
|ru_tl   = Icy Resurrection
|th      = ความหนาวเย็นคืนชีพ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Resurrection of Coldness
|vi      = Đêm Hồn Về Lạnh Giá
|vi_tl   = Chilly Soul-Returning Night
|de      = Eisige Nacht der Wiedergänger
|de_tl   = Icy Night of the Revenants
|id      = Icy Resurrection
|pt      = Ressurreição Gélida
|pt_tl   = Icy Resurrection
|tr      = Buzul Diriliş
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Rinascita glaciale
|it_tl   = Glacial Rebirth
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|link type=lore}}

[[fr:Qiqi/Histoire]]
[[it:Qiqi/Storia]]
[[ja:七七/ストーリー]]
[[pl:Qiqi/Fabuła]]
[[pt-br:Qiqi/Perfil]]
[[ru:Ци Ци/Лор]]
[[th:Qiqi/เนื้อเรื่อง]]
[[tr:Qiqi/Hikaye]]