{{Stub|
* Add additional item types
* Expand on differences between qualities for each thing.
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image = Icon 1 Star.png
|type  = Game Systems
}}
'''Qualities''', also known as '''rarities''', denote how difficult something is to obtain or what effects it can have. Things can come in 1-Star, 2-Star, 3-Star, 4-Star, and 5-Star qualities. They can also come with no quality, colloquially known as 0-Star. Qualities apply to [[Item]]s, [[Character]]s, [[Weapon]]s, [[Artifact]]s, [[Food]], [[Book]]s, [[Furnishing]]s, and [[Character Outfit]]s.

==Things with Qualities==
===Items===
{{Main|Item}}
[[Item]]s come in [[0-Star Item|0-Star]], [[1-Star Item|1-Star]], [[2-Star Item|2-Star]], [[3-Star Item|3-Star]], [[4-Star Item|4-Star]], and [[5-Star Item|5-Star]] qualities. Generally, lower quality items are easier to obtain or have weaker effects than higher quality items, especially when compared to similar items. There are no clear standards for quality that can be applied to all items.

===Characters===
{{Main|Character}}
[[Character]]s come in [[4-Star Character|4-Star]] and [[5-Star Character|5-Star]] qualities. All Characters can be obtained from [[Wish]]es, only exceptions being the [[Traveler]], who is automatically unlocked at the beginning of the game, and [[Aloy]], a crossover character who was obtained through mail. Some 4-Star Characters can also be obtained from certain [[Archon Quest]]s, [[Paimon's Bargains#Starglitter Exchange|Paimon's Bargains Masterless Starglitter Exchange]], [[Flagship Event]]s, and [[Permanent Event]]s.

===Weapons===
{{Main|Weapon}}
[[Weapon]]s come in [[1-Star Weapon|1-Star]], [[2-Star Weapon|2-Star]], [[3-Star Weapon|3-Star]], [[4-Star Weapon|4-Star]], and [[5-Star Weapon|5-Star]] qualities. 1-Star to 3-Star Weapons can be found in [[Chest]]s. 3-Star to 5-Star Weapons can be obtained from [[Wish]]es. Some 4-Star Weapons can be [[Forged]]. Some 4-Star Weapons can only be obtained from [[Event]]s and [[Shop]]s. 1-Star and 2-Star Weapons can be [[Weapon EXP|enhanced]] to Lv. 70, while 3-Star to 5-Star Weapons can be enhanced to Lv. 90. 1-Star and 2-Star Weapons cannot be [[refined]] as they do not have passives, while 3-Star to 5-Star Weapons can.

===Artifacts===
{{Main|Artifact}}
[[Artifact]]s come in [[1-Star Artifact|1-Star]], [[2-Star Artifact|2-Star]], [[3-Star Artifact|3-Star]], [[4-Star Artifact|4-Star]], and [[5-Star Artifact|5-Star]] qualities. 1-Star to 4-Star Artifacts can be found in [[Chest]]s and dropped by [[Enemies]]. 3-Star to 5-Star Artifacts can be obtained from [[Domains of Blessing]]. 1-Star and 2-Star Artifacts can be [[Artifact EXP|enhanced]] to +4, 3-Star to +12, 4-Star to +16, and 5-Star to +20.

===Food===
{{Main|Food}}
[[Food]] come in [[1-Star Food|1-Star]], [[2-Star Food|2-Star]], [[3-Star Food|3-Star]], [[4-Star Food|4-Star]], and [[5-Star Food|5-Star]] qualities. Higher quality Food require more Perfect Cooking outcomes to reach [[Cooking#Proficiency|Perfect Proficiency]]; 1-Star Food need 5, 2-Star Food need 10, 3-Star Food need 15, 4-Star Food need 20, and 5-Star Food need 25. Higher quality Food also have stronger effects than lower quality Food with the same kind of effects, with the exception of Characters' specialty dishes, which may be stronger than a Suspicious dish of a higher quality with the same kind of effect.

===Furnishings===
{{Main|Furnishing}}
[[Furnishing]]s come in [[2-Star Furnishing|2-Star]], [[3-Star Furnishing|3-Star]], [[4-Star Furnishing|4-Star]], and [[5-Star Furnishing|5-Star]] qualities. Furnishings with a higher quality take longer to [[Creation|create]] and reward more {{Item|Trust|20}}.

===Books===
{{Main|Book}}
[[Book]]s come in [[0-Star Book|0-Star]], [[3-Star Book|3-Star]], and [[4-Star Book|4-Star]] qualities. 

===Character Outfits===
{{Main|Character Outfit}}
[[Character Outfit]]s come in [[4-Star Outfit|4-Star]] and [[5-Star Outfit|5-Star]] qualities. 4-Star Character Outfits cost {{Item|Genesis Crystal|x=1,680}}, while 5-Star Character Outfits normally cost {{Item|Genesis Crystal|x=2,480}} and come with special [[Voice-Over]]s, idle animations, and visual effects.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox}}

[[de:Seltenheit]]
[[ja:品質]]