{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Quenin.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Quenin''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Twisted Extension}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Quenin was a warrior from the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] who accompanied [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team|an adventuring team]] to [[Ochkanatlan]]. The trip was a failure, and the team was ordered to retreat from the area. They were warned to be wary of those who had disappeared at night or returned from places void of light, as they were likely [[Tenebrous Mimesis|mimics]] that attempted to infiltrate the team.

Quenin eventually perished to the monsters and his body was buried beneath rubble, but one of the mimics copied him and eventually began to believe itself to be him. While exploring Ochkanatlan 500 years later, the [[Traveler]] would come across his mimic battling against other mimics due to this belief, after which he would warn the Traveler to leave the area due to the dangers lurking about. After defeating five of these mimics, Quenin disappeared, and the Traveler found a diary in his camp. They were led to a space underneath the nearby waterfall, where they would find the true Quenin's corpse, causing the mimic who had assumed Quenin's identity up until that point to realize what he really was. In his distorted mental state, he attacked the Traveler and was slain in combat. 

===Appearance===
Quenin takes on the appearance of a [[Qucusaurus Warrior: Heartstar Hammer]]. However, due to abyssal corrosion, patches of his skin and clothing are purple.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia ==
* A different [[Tenebrous Mimiflora]] mimicking the form of Quenin appears in the quest ''[[The Lone Isle Named Night]]''. However, that one looks like an [[Iktomisaurus Warrior: Icy Tidebearer]].
===Etymology===
*''[https://nahuatl.wired-humanities.org/content/quenin Quenin]'' is a {{w|Nahuatl}} word which roughly translates to "how" in English.

==Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Quenin
|zhs      = 夸恩因
|zhs_rm   = Kuā'ēnyīn
|zht      = 誇恩因
|zht_rm   = Kuā'ēnyīn
|ja       = クエニン
|ja_rm    = Kuenin
|ko       = 퀘닌
|es       = Quenin
|fr       = Quenin
|ru       = Кенин
|th       = Quenin
|vi       = Quenin
|de       = Quenin
|id       = Quenin
|pt       = Quenin
|tr       = Quenin
|it       = Quenin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->