{{About|the daily commission|the World Quest|Question and Answer}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20702
|title         = Question and Answer
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Question and Answer.png
|requirement   = Complete [[Question and Answer]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Swan; Traveler
|npc           = Swan
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Mora|1,200}}{{Card|White Iron Chunk|3|caption=(if all correct answers)}}{{Card|White Iron Chunk|1|caption=(if one or two wrong answers)}}
}}
'''''Question and Answer''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Swan]]
#Talk to Swan
#* The correct answers are, in order: Librarian, Cavalry Captain, and Outrider.

==Gameplay Notes==
*This commission is also known as "'''Basic Knowledge of the Knights'''" on the world map, Adventurer Handbook, and "Commission Accepted" screen. The following description is found on the world map:<!--called "Question and Answer" on the Quests menu and Quest Hints pop-up-->
::Swan of the Knights of Favonius wants to help the Honorary Knight review some basic knowledge about the Knights and Mondstadt.<br />Learn more about Mondstadt 0/1
*If the player answers all the questions incorrectly and then answers all the questions correctly when they retake the quiz, they will still receive the rewards for answering all the answers correctly.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}
If you answer all the questions correctly, you also gain an additional {{Item|White Iron Chunk|20|x=3}} and {{Item|Mora|20|x=1,200}}.<br />
If you answer any question incorrectly, you only gain an additional {{Item|White Iron Chunk|20|x=1}} and {{Item|Mora|20|x=1,200}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Swan]] of the Knights of Favonius wants to help the Honorary Knight review some basic knowledge about the Knights and Mondstadt.<br /><br />Swan does everything by the book &mdash; specifically, by the Knights of Favonius Handbook. Previously, Swan wouldn't ask anything of the Traveler, who was not a Knight then. Now that the Traveler is an Honorary Knight, Swan will sometimes quiz the Traveler concerning the contents of the Handbook.<!--Becomes "Quiz Round" for Step 2-->}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Swan)
:'''Swan:''' How do you do, Honorary Knight? Have you been reading the [[Knights of Favonius Handbook - 5th Edition|Knights of Favonius Handbook]] carefully?
:'''Swan:''' Like the last time, I have a few questions here for you. These questions cover some content from the handbook, as well as some common-sense questions.
:'''Swan:''' Depending on how you answer, I'll also be giving you a small gift.
:{{DIcon}} Ask away.
::'''Swan:''' As expected of our Honorary Knight, you do seem confident.
:;(Continues to quiz)
:{{DIcon}} I need to read it a little more...
::'''Swan:''' Don't worry, take as much time as you need.
:;(Does not start the quiz)

===Quiz Round===
:'''Swan:''' Now, please listen to my questions.
:'''Swan:''' Do you remember Miss [[Lisa]]? Hahaha, well, if you've ever failed to return books to the Library of the Knights of Favonius on time, you'll remember her for sure.
:'''Swan:''' My question is this: what is Miss Lisa's official title in the Knights of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} Library Administrator
::'''Swan:''' Hmm, are you sure that you remember this correctly? Miss Lisa's official title should be "Librarian."
:{{DIcon}} The Purple Teacher
::'''Swan:''' Hmm, are you sure that you remember this correctly? Miss Lisa's official title should be "Librarian."
:{{DIcon}} Librarian
::'''Swan:''' You answered correctly. Miss Lisa's official title is indeed that of "Librarian."
----
:'''Swan:''' Now for my next question.
:'''Swan:''' I'm sure you're familiar with Mr. [[Kaeya]]. He does often make a deep impression.
:'''Swan:''' Here's my question: what is Mr. Kaeya's official title in the Knights of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} Knight Captain
::'''Swan:''' Mr. Kaeya's official title should be "Cavalry Captain" instead.
:{{DIcon}} Cavalry Captain
::'''Swan:''' Correct &mdash; Mr. Kaeya's official title is indeed "Cavalry Captain."
:{{DIcon}} Master's Adjutant
::'''Swan:''' Mr. Kaeya's official title should be "Cavalry Captain" instead.
----
:'''Swan:''' Now for my last question.
:'''Swan:''' You've definitely met Miss [[Amber]] before, haven't you? I'm sure her passion was most memorable indeed.
:'''Swan:''' So my question is this: what is Miss Amber's official title as a Knight of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} Gliding Champion
::'''Swan:''' Are you sure you have that right? Miss Amber's official title is "Outrider."
:{{DIcon}} Outrider
::'''Swan:''' Precisely &mdash; Amber's official title is "Outrider."
:{{DIcon}} Scout
::'''Swan:''' Are you sure you have that right? Miss Amber's official title is "Outrider."
:'''Swan:''' Alright, that was all from me. Let me see...
----
:{{DIcon}} Wow, the Knights are so strict...
;(If you answer all questions correctly)
:'''Swan:''' You got them all correct. As expected of our Honorary Knight &mdash; such questions were no problem for you at all.
:'''Swan:''' To be honest, there are some locals who can't answer some of these questions.
:'''Swan:''' Please, take this as a gift.
:;(Obtain [[White Iron Chunk]] ×3 and 1,200 [[Mora]])
;(If you answer one or two questions correctly)
:'''Swan:''' Hmm... Unfortunately, you didn't answer them all correctly.
:'''Swan:''' But I think you did a good job, considering the circumstances. Please take this.
:;(Obtain [[White Iron Chunk]] ×1 and 1,200 [[Mora]])
;(If you answer all questions incorrectly)
:'''Swan:''' Hmm, I think it best that you read the Knights of Favonius Handbook again.
:'''Swan:''' You are an Honorary Knight of the Knights of Favonius, after all. It wouldn't do if you weren't familiar with Mondstadt at all.
:;(Restart from the beginning of [[#Quiz Round|Quiz Round]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Question and Answer
|zhs     = 骑士团手册问答
|zhs_rm  = Qíshì-tuán Shǒucè Wèndá
|zht     = 騎士團手冊問答
|zht_rm  = Qíshì-tuán Shǒucè Wèndá
|zh_tl   = Knights Manual Question and Answer
|ja      = 騎士団ガイドの応答
|ja_rm   = Kishi-dan Gaido no Outou
|ja_tl   = Answer of the Knight Guide
|ko      = 기사단 매뉴얼 문답
|ko_rm   = Gisa-dan Maenyueol Mundap
|ko_tl   = Knights Manual Question and Answer
|ko_note = {{ko|매뉴얼|Maenyueol}} is typo of {{ko|메뉴얼|Menyueol}}.
|es      = Cuestionario sobre el «Manual de los Caballeros»
|es_tl   = Questionnaire about the "Knights' Manual"
|fr      = Quiz de l'Ordre
|fr_tl   = Quiz of the Order
|ru      = Вопросы и ответы
|ru_tl   = Questions and Answers
|th      = ถามตอบคู่มือแนะนำของกองอัศวิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Question and Answer about the Knight Manual
|vi      = Hỏi Đáp Sổ Tay Đội Kỵ Sĩ
|vi_tl   = Question and Answer regarding the Knights' Handbook
|de      = Das Handbuch-Quiz
|de_tl   = The Handbook Quiz
|id      = Tanya Jawab Buku Panduan Knight
|id_tl   = Question and Answer about the Knight Manual
|pt      = Questionário sobre o Manual dos Cavaleiros de Favonius
|pt_tl   = Questionnaire about the Manual of the Knights of Favonius
|tr      = Soru Cevap Oyunu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Domande e risposte
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Los rudimentos de un caballero]]
[[fr:Quiz de l'Ordre]]
[[ru:Вопросы и ответы (поручение)]]