{{About|the World Quest|the daily commission|Question and Answer (Commission)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20801
|image         = Commission Question and Answer.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = [[Swan]] wants to test the Traveler's knowledge about the Knights of Favonius. He gives a copy of the handbook to study from for a short quiz.
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 24
|next          = Question and Answer (Commission)
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 20,000
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Knights of Favonius Handbook - 5th Edition|5th ed.|type=Book}}{{Card|Mondstadt Hash Brown|5}}
|characters    = Swan; Traveler
}}
'''Question and Answer''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Mondstadt]]. Answers for the quiz can be found using the [[Knights of Favonius Handbook - 5th Edition]].

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to Swan near the entrance to [[Mondstadt]].
#Talk to [[Swan]]
#* The correct answers are, in order: Stormterror's Lair, Strange yet respectable traveler, and Acting Grand Master

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Quiz Round}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Swan)
:'''Swan:''' Hey, Honorary Knight! Wait up a moment!
:{{DIcon}} Who, me?
:'''Swan:''' Haha, who but you would be Mondstadt's famous Honorary Knight?
:'''Swan:''' That said, you haven't gotten a copy of the Knights of Favonius Handbook yet, have you? It contains the vast majority of the principles that Knights should follow, as well as some knowledge for common use.
:'''Swan:''' As an Honorary Knight, you should at least be familiar with some of this.
:'''Swan:''' I requisitioned a copy from the Knights just for you. Please give it a read.
:'''Swan:''' Once you're done, I'll quiz you a little. This will involve some content recorded in the handbook, as well as some common-sense questions.
:'''Swan:''' Depending on how you answer, I'll also be giving you a small gift.

;(Talk to Swan again)
:'''Swan:''' Ready?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::'''Swan:''' Alright, let's begin.
:;(Continues below)
:{{DIcon}} I need to swot up a little more...
::'''Swan:''' Okay then... Make sure you read through it carefully.
:;(Does not start the quiz)
----
:'''Swan:''' Now, please listen to my questions.
:'''Swan:''' To the northwest of Mondstadt are some ruins. Legend holds that it was once a city where a tyrant ruled from his tower. It has since been occupied by Dvalin, who shelters himself there.
:'''Swan:''' My question is: What is the official name now given to these ruins by the Knights of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} Dvalin's Den
::'''Swan:''' ...I see you've chosen to go your own way on how to remember some of these things.
::'''Swan:''' But the official name given to that place by the Knights is in fact "Stormterror's Lair."
:{{DIcon}} Stormy Terry's Tower
::'''Swan:''' ...I see you've chosen to go your own way on how to remember some of these things.
::'''Swan:''' But the official name given to that place by the Knights is in fact "Stormterror's Lair."
:{{DIcon}} Stormterror's Lair
::'''Swan:''' Correct! The ruins are indeed called "Stormterror's Lair."
----
:'''Swan:''' Next question. Listen carefully.
:'''Swan:''' According to knightly etiquette, what is the proper form of address to use when speaking to unknown individuals encountered within Mondstadt's borders?
:{{DIcon}} Sneaky little bard's-turd
::'''Swan:''' Ahem, no. The correct form is "strange yet respectable traveler." I must stress that you cannot afford to be hazy on such details as an Honorary Knight.
:{{DIcon}} Burgeoning storm
::'''Swan:''' Ahem, no. The correct form is "strange yet respectable traveler." I must stress that you cannot afford to be hazy on such details as an Honorary Knight.
:{{DIcon}} Strange yet respectable traveler
::'''Swan:''' Correct, "strange yet respectable traveler," or indeed "travelers," is the correct way to address those that we meet here who hail from lands beyond.
----
:'''Swan:''' Now for my last question.
:'''Swan:''' As I'm sure you are completely aware, the affairs of the Knights of Favonius within the city walls are currently under the management of Ms. Jean. My question, then, is: What is Ms. Jean's official title?
:{{DIcon}} Master
::'''Swan:''' No. Jean's title is "Acting Grand Master," and I strongly advise you to remember it...
:{{DIcon}} Acting Grand Master
::'''Swan:''' Precisely. Jean's role is that of "Acting Grand Master."
:{{DIcon}} Dandelion Tights
::'''Swan:''' No. Jean's title is "Acting Grand Master," and I strongly advise you to remember it...
----
:'''Swan:''' Alright, that was all from me. Let me see...
:{{DIcon}} Wow, the Knights are so strict...
;(If you answer all questions correctly)
:'''Swan:''' You got them all correct. As expected of our Honorary Knight – such questions were no problem for you at all.
:'''Swan:''' To be honest, there are some locals who can't answer some of those questions.
:'''Swan:''' Please, take this as a gift.
;(If you answer one or two questions correctly)
:'''Swan:''' Hmm... Unfortunately, you didn't answer them all correctly.
:'''Swan:''' But I think that you did a good job, considering the circumstances. Please take this.
;(If you answer all questions incorrectly)
:'''Swan:''' Hmm, I think it best that you read the Knights of Favonius Handbook again.
:'''Swan:''' You are an Honorary Knight of the Knights of Favonius, after all. It wouldn't do if you weren't familiar with Mondstadt at all.
:;(Retake the quiz)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = rqnQdZhngrw
|caption1 = Question and Answer

|video2   = SM7Y61pOw8Q
|caption2 = Question and Answer Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Question and Answer
|zhs     = 骑士团手册问答
|zhs_rm  = Qíshì-tuán Shǒucè Wèndá
|zht     = 騎士團手冊問答
|zht_rm  = Qíshì-tuán Shǒucè Wèndá
|zh_tl   = Knights Handbook Q&A
|ja      = 騎士団ガイドの応答
|ja_rm   = Kishidan Gaido no Outou
|ja_tl   = Answer of the Knight Guide
|ko      = 기사단 매뉴얼 문답
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Cuestionario sobre el «Manual de los Caballeros»
|es_tl   = Questionnaire about the «Knights Manual»
|fr      = Quiz de l'Ordre
|fr_tl   = Quiz of the Order
|ru      = Вопросы и ответы
|ru_tl   = Questions and Answers
|th      = ถามตอบคู่มือแนะนำของกองอัศวิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hỏi Đáp Sổ Tay Đội Kỵ Sĩ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Handbuch-Quiz
|de_tl   = The Handbook-Quiz
|id      = Tanya Jawab Buku Panduan Knight
|id_tl   = Question and Answer about the Knight Manual
|pt      = Questionário sobre o Manual dos Cavaleiros de Favonius
|pt_tl   = Questionnaire about the Manual of the Knights of Favonius
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}