<!-- aside from the different skippable reqs (and the switching between whether they name characters with their Story Quests or not), the text actually did not undergo substantial changes after Version 3.2: in Akitsu Kimodameshi in Version 3.3, the text was EXACTLY the same as in 3.2; in The Exquisite Night Chimes in Version 3.4, the ONLY change from 3.3 was that both instances of "quests" got changed to "quest(s)" -->[[Version 3.2]]
* The in-game notice was updated with changes beyond the different prerequisites. It read as follows in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]]:
{{Dialogue start}}<!-- ONLY HIGHLIGHTING SUBSTANTIAL CHANGES -->
::Quick Start<!-- no Note this time --><br /><br />You should complete Archon Quest "Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises" and the Story Quest<!-- Yae Miko is not named --> "Divina Vulpes Chapter: Act I" first to get the best experience from this event.<br />You can still {{Highlight|unlock the event and experience all the relevant story and gameplay without completing said quests}} if you enter it through "Quick Start," {{Color|menu|but your experience will be affected, as {{Highlight|you might encounter unknown characters and relationships}}, and some characters might be occupied by other quests}}.<br />Do you wish to start this event without completing the aforementioned quests?
{{Dialogue end}}
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Basic Mode was renamed to Quick Start within the game.
* The in-game notice was updated with changes beyond the rename and different prerequisites. It read as follows in [[Graven Innocence]]:
{{Dialogue start}}<!-- ONLY HIGHLIGHTING SUBSTANTIAL CHANGES -->
::Quick Start Note<br /><br />You should complete Archon Quest "The Trail of the God of Wisdom" first to get the best experience from this event.<br />You can still enjoy everything in the event if you enter it through "Quick Start," but your experience will be affected, {{Highlight|and {{Color|menu|some characters might be occupied by other quests}}}}. Do you wish to start this event without completing the aforementioned quest?
{{Dialogue end}}
----
[[Version 2.7]]<!-- unknown if there were changes in 2.8 for Summertime Odyssey -->
* Quick Start was renamed to Basic Mode within the game.
* The in-game notice was updated with changes beyond the rename and the different prerequisites. It read as follows in [[Perilous Trail (Event)|Perilous Trail]]:
{{Dialogue start}}<!-- ONLY HIGHLIGHTING SUBSTANTIAL CHANGES -->
::Basic Mode<br /><br />You should complete Arataki Itto's Story Quest,<!-- yes, comma --> "Taurus Iracundus Chapter: Act I," the<!-- yes, the --> Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, "Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II," and the World Quest "A Teapot to Call Home: Part I" first to get the best experience from this event<!-- no color -->.<br />{{Highlight|You can still enjoy everything in the event if you enter it through "Quick Start,"<!-- no, they didn't change this instance to "Basic Mode" --> but your experience will be affected.}} Do you wish to start this event without completing the aforementioned quests?
{{Dialogue end}}
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* Quick Start was released with the following in-game notice seen before confirming its use in [[Hues of the Violet Garden]]:
{{Dialogue start}}
::Quick Start Note<br /><br />You should complete Kamisato Ayato's Story Quest "Cypressus Custos Chapter: Act I,"<br /><!-- yes, there was a line break here -->Raiden Shogun's<!-- no, no the --> Story Quest "Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II,"<br /><!-- yes, there was a line break here, too -->and Sangonomiya Kokomi's Story Quest "Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter: Act I" first to {{Color|menu|get the best experience from this event}}. Do you wish to start this event without completing the aforementioned Story Quests?
{{Dialogue end}}
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>