{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest Radiant Sakura.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum        = II
|part          = 3
|act           = Transient Dreams
|summary       = 
|character     = Raiden Shogun
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Grand Narukami Shrine
|requirement   =
|prev          = Farewell to the Past
|domain        = End of the Oneiric Euthymia (Quest Domain)
|exp           = 600
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 44,400
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|10}}{{Card|Guide to Light|5}}{{Card|Dream Sakura|1}}
|characters    =  Ei; Makoto; Paimon; Raiden Shogun; The Shogun; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Radiant Sakura''' is the third part and final part of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine and meet [[Yae Miko]]
# Talk to Yae Miko
# Return to the entrance to the secret realm
# Talk to Yae Miko
# Force your way into the realm
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[End of the Oneiric Euthymia (Quest Domain)|End of the Oneiric Euthymia]]
# Speak to Ei and get up to speed with the situation
# Defeat the Raiden Shogun
#* The player's party will be locked to only the Raiden Shogun permanently in her Musou Isshin state during this battle.
#* The player's Raiden Shogun cannot die<!-- at least 8 revives --> and will automatically recover to full HP whenever she reaches very low health.
# Witness the end of the long battle
# Witness the beginning of the dream
# Talk to Ei and Yae Miko

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest unlocks the trounce domain, [[End of the Oneiric Euthymia]].
* During "Defeat the Raiden Shogun", Raiden Shogun (playable character) is the only character that the players can play. In the duration of the fight, the Raiden Shogun will permanently remain in her Mussou Isshin state.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In Raiden Makoto's remnant realm of consciousness. Ei and the Shogun Puppet engage in an endless fight. For Inazuma, and also for Ei herself, you wish to lend a hand &mdash; as you once did &mdash; to help her to get through this sore test.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine and meet Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Someone's not in the best of moods... Let me guess, you're all tangled up in another situation and need me to unravel it for you?
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I hope you realize how lucky you are. If it was anyone else, I don't think I'd have the patience to keep greeting them with a smile after the first few times.
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But you're always smiling!
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That was a figure of speech, do you understand? Nitpicking my turns of phrase, the sheer audacity.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, get to the point...
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah, yeah! Something really big's happened! It's Ei, she... she...

:'''You tell Yae Miko about everything that has happened...'''

:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, okay, I see. So Ei's decided to palm Inazuma off onto the humans, while she goes off on her own to fight a fierce battle that doesn't even have an end date...
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Impossibly stubborn, jumps straight to the most extreme course of action imaginable, presumes her sheer will can see her through, despite a near-impossible goal that requires nothing short of the very peak of her abilities... Yes, that sounds like Ei, alright.
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You know as well as I do that she's always been like this. Why start fretting about it now?
:{{DIcon}} This duel is more serious than anything up till now.
:{{DIcon}} She rushed into it without thinking.
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Rushed into it without thinking... Hehe, well put. Ah, she acts like such a child sometimes.
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, you seem to be under the impression that I am able to offer some sort of help? Who gave you that idea?
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is she playing dumb? She's doing this on purpose for sure!
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Aha, you're learning, little one. But really, the truth of the matter is that I don't know much more about [[Raiden Makoto]]'s [[Realm of Consciousness|realm of consciousness]] than you do.
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' All I know is that it's the foundation of the Sacred Sakura, and from what I have heard it's a little different from Ei's "[[Plane of Euthymia]]."
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because Raiden Makoto is no longer alive?
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Not just because of that. The nature of the space itself is different in some way... But I can only speculate. You're the ones who have actually been there, so you tell me &mdash; what was it like?
:{{DIcon}} I didn't notice any differences.
:{{DIcon}} I wasn't paying attention.
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Anyway, we needn't worry about the details too much &mdash; it'll just be a little difficult to explain things later on, that's all.
:{{A|vo sglq103 1 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' First things first. Follow me to the entrance.

----
;(Return to the entrance to the secret realm)
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now then, I always have my ways. It's just a question of how crafty I need to be...
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' To the outsider, the realm of consciousness is a very abstract concept. Luckily, I'm Ei's familiar, so I can sense her rough whereabouts.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In other words, even though I can't pinpoint the exact spatial location of this realm, I can still send you to where Ei is.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it's abstract, but has a location, but you don't know where it is, but you can still send us there... what?
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, no need to try and understand it. Let me put this simply: Right now, she is surrounded by chaos.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Everything is turbulent and disordered... If you try to force your way in, you could be swept away by a giant wave that sets you down in an unknown corner of space-time.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This is precisely why when entering the Plane of Euthymia, it's much safer if you place your consciousness in a physical object first.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Alright, well Paimon's staying here, then. You two can go in!
:{{DIcon}} In your dreams.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you're not gonna abandon me, are you?
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Suit yourself. Worst-case scenario, all we stand to lose is Ei, so what's the big deal?
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You... Ugh! Paimon's had it up to here with both of you! Fine, Paimon's coming too...
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Well if you're quite sure, then of course. Now, I shall send you on your way.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? I say...
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, nothing. It just seems extraordinarily chaotic, that's all. My suspicions have been confirmed.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' By the way... Remember to focus constantly on your heartfelt wishes when you enter inside.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Only a strong enough will can prevent you from being swallowed by the giant waves of abstract space. Only if you are strong enough can I deliver you to the right destination.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well then. The door is open. Hop on in.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'll stay outside and provide what stability I can. I'll be ready to respond if anything happens.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...I'm placing my god in your capable hands, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' For my sake, and for Inazuma's, please... bring her back.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, you'd better know what you're doing...
:{{DIcon}} We will not fail.
:{{A|vo sglq103 2 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's enough chatter. Get to work!

----
{{Cutscene Description|You are lost within Raiden Makoto's realm of consciousness. Here, you ebb and flow with time and space itself. The flowering and withering of tree and grass, the vicissitudes of life, all of them are captured in the span of a breath. Yet the battle between Ei and the Shogun rages on. Remembering what Miko said to you, you focus your thoughts... until Ei appears before your eyes once more.}}
;(Cutscene starts)
::'''Paimon:''' What do we do!?
::'''Yae Miko:''' Remember to focus constantly
::'''Yae Miko:''' On your heartfelt wishes
::'''Yae Miko:''' Only if your are strong enough
::'''Yae Miko:''' Can I deliver you
::'''Yae Miko:''' To the right destination
:;(Cutscene ends)

----
;(Speak to Ei and get up to speed with the situation)
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' How can this be?
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You have returned... But how were you able to get back in? And... how come you have not changed at all in all these years...
:{{DIcon}} All these years? ...What?
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' This is a duel to remember.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' It is as if we have returned to the moment when the laws of eternity were first established. Your will today is as strong as it was back then.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Over countless battles, not once have you lost, and never have you shown the slightest hesitation.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 04.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Had I made all enemies of eternity stand against you, you still would not have wavered.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' For your firm commitment to enforcing the rules, you have my admiration, too.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You bring honor to the title of "Guardian of Eternity."
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 05a.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Now these two return once more to this space. An inevitability of fate, perhaps.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 06.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Then let this be our final duel, the conclusion to that which began 500 years ago.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Final duel? So you're finally willing to...
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Stand back, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Are you going to put an end to all this?
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm going to be the start of something new.

----
;(Defeat the Raiden Shogun)
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 07.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' The time our duels took to fight was long enough to witness the rise and fall of nations.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 08.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' The energy they consumed, great enough to vaporize the oceans and turn day into night.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 09.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' And the will they demanded, sufficient to penetrate minds and crush dreams.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenshogun 10.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Yet, you have endured.
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I will endure forever.

;(If the player's Raiden Shogun reaches low health for the first time)
:{{A|vo sglq103 3 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The will I carry within me will never be eroded nor destroyed.

----
;(Witness the end of the long battle)
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' This is the end. You have won.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I believed you were incapable of transcending the past. But it seems my belief was baseless and I underestimated your spirit.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' But a will that cannot be eroded has no way to embrace the future.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You need not worry about the future, and you aren't alone.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I know your power more than anyone else. Had I relied upon my strength alone, I would have lost this duel for sure.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yet my reason for fighting redefined my martial prowess and redrew my limits. I now carry the gaze of the myriad of expectant eyes that look to the light in the heavens.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' And whenever I think of this, I feel something stirring within [[Musou Isshin]].
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The blade that I inherited from Makoto seems to be trying to guide me... to encourage me.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 04.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I noticed it also. Just now, in the heat of battle, it seemed to unleash a new and unfamiliar power.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 05.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' This power is beyond the limits of my understanding.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This blade belonged to {{Rubi|Makoto|The previous Shogun}}. Perhaps it can only respond to me with its full power when I truly understand and believe in her.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' When I clasped Musou Isshin in my hands, I had the feeling that she was by my side once again.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It was at once a familiar feeling and a strange one... Makoto barely wielded a blade in her life, and yet her blade brings me closer to her.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 06.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' You have my approval.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 07.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Your present will is not the product of erosion. I shall no longer stop you from attempting to modify the rules.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 08.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' From this day forth, this body will remain your assistant.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I won't design any more rules that can never be changed.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You used to represent my past, but from today onward, you are me.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Makoto never saw me as a fearless weapon. Likewise, I should not regard you as a mere tool.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 09.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' ...Heh, you truly have changed. I suppose this is what humans call "growth."
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 10.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I understand. I shall become your shadow, just as you were once Makoto's shadow.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 11.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' The duties I perform will not change.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 12.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' But as a warrior, I look forward to the chance to fight like this again in the future.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Do you say this because you have not yet reconciled yourself with your defeat?
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenshogun 13.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' It was simply a new experience for me. One that is worth reliving.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you finished fighting, then? Like, for real this time?
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm?
:{{DIcon}} Musou Isshin is glowing?

:{{color|menu|A voice comes from the light created from Musou Isshin...}}

:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 01.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' Hello Ei, and greetings, those who have come to bear witness.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 02.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' I am Raiden Makoto, the previous Electro Archon, who failed in my duties and left you all to pick up the pieces.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Makoto...?
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 03.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' I'm so happy. You've come so far. I always knew you would make it here in the end.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 04.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' I left a faint fragment of my will in Musou Isshin, so that in the moment that you unleashed its full power, I too would be released.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 05.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' A convoluted way to reach you, but... Well, you held such deeply entrenched views at the time that you wouldn't have listened to a word I said.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 06.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' There was no time to wait for you to have a change of heart. Please forgive me... All I could do was find some way to wait until you came to me.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But you never mentioned this to me...
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 07.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' Everything happened so suddenly... I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 08.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' I've always felt terrible for having to entrust Inazuma to you all of a sudden.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 09.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' I should have been the one to impart these ideas to you a little at a time, to dissuade you from your pursuit of stillness.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Did you know what was about to happen in Khaenri'ah?
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 10.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' I had some sense of it. That place... was not somewhere that any archon could afford to ignore.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 11.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' In my present form, I can no longer perceive time. I don't know how long we have been separated before this reunion, and I don't know what Inazuma has experienced in the meantime.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 12.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' But I know that this must have been an extremely arduous journey for you... and I'm sure you must have wanted to shed tears many times along the way.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...Don't look down on me.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 13.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' See, you admit it.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 14.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' It was with this possibility in mind that I left a parting gift for you... something to soothe Inazuma's pain.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 15.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' Here, take it. Before my last shred of consciousness fades away.
:{{A|vo sglq103 4 makoto 16.ogg}} '''Makoto:''' But it is you who must take the most important step...

----
;(Witness the beginning of the dream)
{{Cutscene Description|Ei plants the seed of light, and your sense of time starts to blur as Inazuma's centuries of history blaze by in point form. The two gods pass you by, the Sacred Sakura blazes from the present into the past, and Ei walks from the "now" into the "future" &mdash; thus does Eternity enter a new chapter.}}
;(Cinematic starts)
::'''Paimon:''' The light turned into...
::'''Paimon:''' A seed?
::'''Makoto:''' The miracle tree that blesses the people, in this moment new to the world and yet to be known.
::'''Makoto:''' When to plant it, where it shall bloom... She who brings it into being must let her heart and dreams decide.
::'''Makoto:''' Grant it life, Ei.
::'''Ei:''' Is this... is it really...
::'''Makoto:''' Eternity extends time into infinity, dreams illuminate each moment within.
::'''Makoto:''' When both shine in unison, the Sacred Sakura blooms from the darkness, finally free from the clutches of the [[Heavenly Principles]].
::'''Makoto:''' Now, the nightmare has dissipated, and reality is made whole. The vision we both yearn for is still further ahead.
::'''Makoto:''' My only regret is that I cannot witness Inazuma's future, nor can I walk this journey with you
::'''Makoto:''' Do you know, Ei. I am so happy right now. Because my final wish has now come true.
::'''Makoto:''' Your polearm once protected me from countless calamities. For this, I've always felt indebted to you
::'''Makoto:''' Though I could never repay you in full, this Sacred Sakura will buy you some time until you are ready to awaken and embrace the new.
::'''Makoto:''' What do you think? Did it do the trick?
::'''Makoto:''' This time, it really is goodbye, Ei.
::'''Ei:''' Goodbye, Makoto.
:;(Cinematic ends)

----
;(Talk to Ei and Yae Miko)

:'''After leaving the realm of consciousness and returning to the shrine, you relay everything to Yae Miko...'''

:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So the Ei of the present planted the Sacred Sakura in the realm of consciousness, and it took root in the Inazuma of the past...
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No matter what you make of it, it's quite incredible.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' All of this is thanks to Makoto's power. Her understanding of eternity is much more profound than mine.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Eternity is a concept intimately connected with time. When you begin to touch on eternity, the concept of time becomes murky.
:{{DIcon}} I saw wonderful things inside that place.
::{{DIcon}} Time was moving forward and backward at the same time.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' A place where time is meaningless and cannot be understood with ordinary logic... So, that was the "turbulence" I was sensing.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Perhaps that is the reason why you were able to return precisely to this point in time without any problems.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And yet, that sense of disorderliness has now completely disappeared.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I don't fully understand yet. But my intuition tells me that the reason for everything... it's that seed.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, well I'm not convinced that it was Makoto's power alone...
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I know what you mean. Perhaps a {{Rubi|higher power|[[Istaroth]]}} really was involved in all of this. But whatever the explanation, her solution is what saved us all.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Without the Sacred Sakura, Inazuma would likely have been completely swallowed up centuries ago by that disaster and the filth.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I know you've always perceived there was something special about the Sacred Sakura. But to me, it has always been there.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You've tried in the past to prove to me that there is a connection between the Sacred Sakura and Makoto's consciousness. But unfortunately, you never did persuade me, did you?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No, but I understand why now. It was because the Sacred Sakura hadn't even been planted then.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm, but don't you think that tree looked a lot different than how it does now?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The Sacred Sakura is within my purview at the shrine, so obviously I get to prune it exactly how I like it.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Now we see who's pulling the strings...
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm joking. That tree has been through a lot since it first sprouted. We have the loving care of kitsune over the ages to thank for how it appears today.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And obviously I played my part, too.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's fair to say that very little time passed between the moment you came out of that realm and the moment you re-entered it. But in that same time, centuries of battling took place on the inside, did it not?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Traveler, if I'm guessing correctly... You were repeating your wishes to yourself in your mind, weren't you?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I was.
:{{DIcon}} Is that significant?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' At that time, I could sense Ei's whereabouts, but I also sensed anomalies in the flow of time within that space.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Suffice to say, time added a whole new dimension to our search. Simply establishing a location was not sufficient.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Fortunately, your will was strong enough that the turbulence carried you to the moment in time most likely to be the intersection of all that you were wishing for.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The flow of turbulence may well have been influenced by Makoto. But it took everyone's efforts combined to ultimately help Ei. So this time, it looks like thanks are due to you.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does that mean... it wasn't by chance that we ended up at the final duel? We were always meant to be there to witness what was going to happen?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps this is what the Shogun meant by...
:{{DIcon}} ..."an inevitability of fate."
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I thought that the flow of time was the same on the inside and the outside. So it was a great shock to me when the Traveler re-appeared.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' My first thought was, "Has a great disaster befallen Inazuma?"
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But it turned out you had come to rescue me... You came for my sake, to help me reach the best possible outcome.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You two have my thanks. You have done much for me, and I will never forget it.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ei, how are you feeling now?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' My body has fully recovered, and the Shogun's will no longer fights against me.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Always thrilled to hear you're in good health. But I was really asking about your emotions. Have you managed to calm down?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' After all, you saw Makoto in there, didn't you?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I only heard her voice. I wouldn't say I saw her...
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'll be fine. It brought a few things back, of course. But I've made my decision to move forward.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I have to say, this has reminded me once again just how brilliant Makoto was. She predicted all the ways in which Inazuma's future could unfold all the way back then.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' She even factored my immaturity into her plan.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's all thanks to her that Inazuma lived to see this day.
:{{DIcon}} Makoto was brilliant.
:{{DIcon}} But Ei, you made a crucial contribution, too.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I just planted a seed.
:{{DIcon}} Your will and hers were both indispensable.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! It was thanks to everything you did that you got to see her again. That's amazing!
:{{DIcon}} The final act might be a simple one.
::{{DIcon}} Just because the cause and effect ended up a bit back-to-front...
::{{DIcon}} ...doesn't mean you should undervalue the part you played.
:{{DIcon}} But getting there was the result of countless efforts coming together.
::{{DIcon}} Just because the cause and effect ended up a bit back-to-front...
::{{DIcon}} ...doesn't mean you should undervalue the part you played.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...Thank you, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Today, at long last, you and Inazuma finally emerge from the shadows cast by the events of centuries past.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Makoto and you are Inazuma's past and future, and both are indispensable.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's rare to hear such comforting words from you. I graciously accept them.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, come on, you only think it's rare because you never used to listen to a word I say.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Makoto said the exact same thing.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Great minds think alike, hmm? I wonder, does that qualify me to, maybe, take the position of Shogun for a couple of days?
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Actually, no &mdash; forget that. Far more trouble than it's worth.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' We will have to end the frivolities there. There is much work to be done.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The Shogun and I will closely review the Inazuma of today to find out where things currently stand. Then, we will give careful consideration to the future.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 22.ogg}} '''Ei:''' After that... I will abolish the [[Sakoku Decree]].
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? That's huge news!
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 23.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I am no longer pursuing an eternity defined by stasis. In which case, there is no further need to keep the nation under lock and key.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 24.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I don't doubt that many challenges lie ahead for Inazuma...
:{{DIcon}} But out of those challenges will be born new opportunities.
:{{A|vo sglq103 5 raidenei 25.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm looking forward to it.
;(Obtain [[Dream Sakura]])

----
;(Talk to Ei or Yae Miko again)
:{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Many challenges still lie ahead for Inazuma, but I am prepared for them.
:{{DIcon}} About the "challenges"...
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02a.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Abolishing the Sakoku Decree has a myriad of implications. It would be folly to say that it will be all positive, and there will be no negative repercussions.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02a 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' For example, I can foresee the outside world posing a threat to Inazuma's businesses. These are the issues that I must work to solve.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 yaemiko 01a.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ei, you're thinking about this all so conscientiously. I've only got as far as wondering whether I'll be able to sell entrance tickets to the Grand Narukami Shrine in the future.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02a 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Honestly, Miko...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the gaze of the gods...
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Makoto's gaze was always fixed on the people of Inazuma. I always assumed it was because... that was her duty.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02b 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But now I see that hers was a gaze full of delight and hope. It was not just a duty, but a joy, too. She loved humanity very dearly.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 yaemiko 01b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If people of the past deserved the gods' attention, then so do the people of the future.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02b 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Indeed. No longer will I ignore their passions and dreams.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the centuries of dueling...
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02c.ogg}} '''Ei:''' To put it bluntly, it was constant torture with no end in sight.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02c 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Faced with an endless battle, I had to remain focused at all times. Had my concentration lapsed for but a moment, the Shogun's blade would have taken my life.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02c 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Safe to say, were it not for my previous experiences in combat, my skills would not have been up to the challenge. I would most certainly have been defeated.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02c 3.ogg}} '''Ei:''' And through it all, you also had your part to play.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the damage to the Sacred Sakura...
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02d.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Don't worry, I haven't forgotten. I will be sure to remind the Tenryou and Yashiro Commissions of their duties in this regard.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02d 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's not only the monsters that I am worried about. I'm concerned about what else might escape from the Sacred Sakura.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 yaemiko 01d.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's a tough one, alright... There's plenty more besides memories held in the Ley Lines.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02d 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Since you clearly understand, perhaps you could think about making an effort, too.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Yae Miko said she was placing her god&mdash;
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 yaemiko 01e.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ahem! Yae Miko said nothing of the sort, and the Traveler has some nerve making up spurious claims about her while she is still present.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 yaemiko 01e 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Some words are not to be passed on.
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 yaemiko 01e 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Trust me, you don't want to know the cost of betraying me. Just think of the things I said to you as our little secret. Understood?
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 raidenei 02e.ogg}} '''Ei:''' What are you talking about?
::{{A|vo sglq103 6 yaemiko 01e 3.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Nothing. I suddenly want some fried tofu.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I have no other questions.
:;(Dialogue ends)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Radiant Sakura
|zhs     = 熠熠生辉之樱
|zhs_rm  = Yìyìshēnghuī zhī Yīng
|zht     = 熠熠生輝之櫻
|zht_rm  = Yìyìshēnghuī zhī Yīng
|zh_tl   = Brightly-Shining Cherry Blossoms
|ja      = 煌々たる櫻
|ja_rm   = Koukou Taru Sakura
|ja_tl   = Brilliant Sakura
|ko      = 찬란하게 빛나는 벚꽃
|ko_rm   = Chanranhage Bitnaneun Beotkkot
|ko_tl   = Brightly-Shining Cherry Blossoms
|es      = Cerezo radiante
|es_tl   = Radiant Cherry Tree
|fr      = L'éclat du sakura
|fr_tl   = The Shine of the Sakura
|ru      = Сияющая сакура
|ru_tl   = Radiant Sakura
|th      = ซากุระโชนแสง
|th_rm   = Sakura Chon Saeng
|th_tl   = Brightly-Shining Sakura
|vi      = Hoa Anh Đào Nở Rộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Strahlende Sakura
|de_tl   = Radiant Sakura
|id      = Sakura yang Gemilang
|id_tl   = Shining Sakura
|pt      = Sakura radiante
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Işıldayan Kiraz Ağacı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sakura splendente
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[es:Cerezo radiante]]