{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71514
|image         = Event Quest Radiant Sparks.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Exquisite Night Chimes
|requirement   = Complete [[A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune]]
|characters    = Paimon; Tiantian; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes/Radiant Sparks|Radiant Sparks]] subevent
}}
'''''Radiant Sparks''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Tiantian]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During Lantern Rite, Tiantian, a recruiter for the Adventurers' Guild, is eagerly rubbing her hands together in anticipation of an interesting event...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Tiantian)
:'''Tiantian:''' Hey! Happy Lantern Rite, esteemed ones!
:'''Tiantian:''' You guys have been having fun? How about going on a special adventure with me?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, you called us "esteemed ones"! Such a great attitude!
:'''Paimon:''' Recently, we've been having a lot of fun! But... why is Paimon getting a strange feeling that we've met before?
:'''Tiantian:''' You guys are extremely diligent adventurers, so I'm sure we've bumped into each other at some point!
:'''Tiantian:''' I'm Tiantian. I usually hang out around the Feiyun Slope, looking to recruit new people into the Adventurers' Guild.
:'''Tiantian:''' Everyone and their cats and dogs passing by have probably heard my voice!
:{{DIcon}} You do look a bit familiar...
::'''Tiantian:''' Yes! It means my efforts were noticed by you guys! All the more reason for you to experience my masterpiece!
:{{DIcon}} I'm drawing a blank...
::'''Tiantian:''' Doesn't ring a bell? Then I shall make a bigger impression with this masterpiece... No, I shall do it to recruit more people into the Adventurers' Guild.
:'''Paimon:''' At this point, of course we'll lend you a hand!
:'''Paimon:''' Can you tell us a little bit about your particular adventure?
:'''Tiantian:''' Sure, then I'll cut to the chase!
:'''Tiantian:''' Recently I came across a new novel at the Wanwen Bookhouse... no, that's not it. Rather, I gathered some new information!
:'''Tiantian:''' I've noticed that people's expectations for adventure are rising and activities such as climbing and wind gliding are not as exciting as they used to be.
:'''Tiantian:''' In order to get more people to join the Adventurers' Guild, we need to come up with more novel and exciting approaches.
:'''Tiantian:''' So, I teamed up with a couple of other recruiters, pooled together our resources, consulted a few expert mountain climbers and fireworks craftsmen, and designed a new racing challenge!
:'''Tiantian:''' There are many mechanisms laid out in the challenge. Just step on them and use the momentum from the fireworks and gunpowder blasts to accelerate into the sky!
:'''Paimon:''' Fireworks? Gunpowder!? So for the challenge, you want to... blast people into the sky!?!?
:{{DIcon}} Firework-flying Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} Rocket-propelled Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Why are you so excited? You're also going up!
:'''Paimon:''' Although with your strength, an explosive barrel bursting in front of you wouldn't faze you... but who knows? It just might blow you away!
:'''Tiantian:''' Not to worry. The explosion is contained inside a tough device. I've taken the necessary precautions to make sure it's safe and injury-free!
:'''Tiantian:''' I've also filed a patent with the Ministry of Civil Affairs and have publicized this event many times. Please do not steal my idea!
:'''Paimon:''' There are so many hurdles! You've really put a lot of thought into this!
:'''Tiantian:''' As far as I can tell, just doing this racing challenge will stir the spirit of adventure even in an average passerby!
:'''Tiantian:''' Esteemed ones, your reputation precedes you. If you guys take point on this racing challenge, you'll be sure to attract a lot of people.
:'''Tiantian:''' I have also prepared great rewards for the challenge. They'll be sure to encourage more people to join the Adventurers' Guild!
:{{DIcon}} Okay, firework and gunpowder race, let's go!
::'''Paimon:''' Yep! There's no reason we shouldn't do this if there are rewards to obtain!
:{{DIcon}} Oh boy, time for Paimon and me to get blown sky high!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon sees you laughing! As Tiantian said, it's perfectly safe. Don't you want to give it a try?
:'''Tiantian:''' Then it's a deal! Without further ado, please give it a whirl!
:'''Tiantian:''' Hehe, there are a lot of tracks for you to try. I'm sure you'll have a good time with them, and I'll get a couple months' worth of results. It's a win-win!

;(Talk to Tiantian again after the quest ends, optional)
:'''Tiantian:''' You're back, esteemed ones! How was the racing challenge?
:{{DIcon}} Firework-flying Paimon, reporting!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! We had a good time, and we feel great!
::'''Tiantian:''' A good time? That's good to hear! I would try it myself if I was stronger.
::'''Paimon:''' Maybe you should keep training, Tiantian! A strong recruiter is sure to bring more people in!
:{{DIcon}} The gunpowder gave Paimon a boost!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! We set a record for the fastest time, and none of the other participants could catch up with us!
::'''Tiantian:''' Ah, I'm starting to get excited myself! Maybe I could outdo you as the creator of this event?
::'''Paimon:''' Hehehe, that won't be easy. Maybe if you actually design a gunpowder-propelled backpack, maybe you might have a chance!
:{{DIcon}} We want to try it again. Goodbye!
::'''Tiantian:''' Bye! I'll be here awaiting your feedback!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Radiant Sparks
|zhs     = 光焰蹈跃
|zhs_rm  = Guāngyào Dǎoyuè
|zht     = 光焰蹈躍
|zht_rm  = Guāngyào Dǎoyuè
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 光焔踊躍
|ja_rm   = Kouen Youyaku
|ja_tl   = Lights and Embers Happily Jumping Around{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 춤추는 불꽃
|ko_tl   = Dancing Fireworks
|es      = Salto flamígero
|es_tl   = Flaming Jump
|fr      = Scintillements radieux
|fr_tl   = Radiant Flickers
|ru      = Сияющие искры
|ru_tl   = Radiant Sparks
|th      = แสงระยิบซิ่งระยับ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ánh Lửa Bập Bùng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Strahlende Funken
|de_tl   = Radiant Sparks
|id      = Percikan Lidah Api
|id_tl   = Spark of Flames
|pt      = Cintilações Radiantes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Parlak Kıvılcımlar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Scintille splendenti
|it_tl   = Shining Sparks
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:Cintilações Radiantes]]
[[ru:Сияющие искры]]