{{About|the Quest Item used during [[Bygones Times Like Dust Passing]]|the Quest Item used in [[Time and Wind]]|Ragged Notebook (Time and Wind)}}
{{Book Infobox
|id          = 101614<!-- material id -->
|title       = Ragged Notebook
|image       = Book Letter.png
|type        = Quest Items
|quality     = 3
|region_lore = Liyue
|region_location = Liyue
|description = A ragged notebook you found in the village. It records the happenings of long ago, now buried by the passage of time.
|source1     = Picked up during [[Bygones Times Like Dust Passing]]
}}
The '''Ragged Notebook''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Bygones Times Like Dust Passing}}.

==Text==
The doctor said you were gravely ill. Don't worry. I will give everything I have to save you.

My heart bleeds whenever I see you getting wearier, your illness beyond treatment. How I wish I could suffer the pain for you...

You said you had no regrets in this life and that you only wish for me to take good care of Shenhe. But if you regret nothing, why the
tears?

I don't know what I've been doing lately. Though I still breathe, I feel like an empty shell. I have read all the ancient texts I could
get my hands on, looking for ways to save you &mdash; but it is utterly futile.

I finally found it! It was Mingjun! He had kept the book that could save you hidden! I took it and followed its instructions to summon a god and offer a sacrifice...

The god appeared. I told him that I was willing to exchange my life for yours. He kept silent and only pointed at our daughter, Shenhe.

The god said her fate was to bear the curse of calamity and that she was prone to bring harm to those close to her. The god also said that she might even have been the cause of your death. In that case, I thought I should...

I left her in the cave that the god mentioned. Three days have passed, and still, no news. I grow restless from waiting, seized by an ominous feeling...

I am sorry, my love. Forgive me! You too, Shenhe &mdash; please, forgive me! How stupid I was! How blind! Let me apologize to both of you... in person.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ragged Notebook
|zhs     = 残破的笔记
|zhs_rm  = Cánpò de Bǐjì
|zht     = 殘破的筆記
|zht_rm  = Cánpò de Bǐjì
|zh_tl   = Ruined Notebook
|ja      = ボロボロなノート
|ja_rm   = Boroboro-na Nooto
|ja_tl   = Ragged Notebook
|ko      = 파손된 노트
|ko_tl   = Damaged Note
|es      = Notas viejas y rasgadas
|es_tl   = Old and Torn Notes
|fr      = Journal décrépit
|fr_tl   = Decrepit Diary
|ru      = Потрёпанный дневник
|ru_tl   = Shabby Diary
|th      = บันทึกโทรม ๆ
|th_rm   = Bantheuk Som-Som
|th_tl   = Ruined Notebook
|vi      = Nhật Ký Rách Nát
|vi_tl   = Ragged Diary
|de      = Zerrissene Aufzeichnungen
|de_tl   = Torn Records
|id      = Catatan yang Terkoyak
|id_tl   = Ragged Notebook
|pt      = Anotações Rasgadas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yıpranmış Defter
|tr_tl   = Weathered Notebook
|it      = Taccuino rovinato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Notas viejas y rasgadas (El pasado es como el polvo)]]
[[fr:Journal décrépit (Quête)]]
[[ja:ボロボロなノート (過去は塵のごとし)]]
[[pt-br:Diário Rasgado (O Passado como uma Poeira)]]
[[ru:Потрёпанный дневник (Пыль прошлого)]]
[[uk:Занапащений блокнот]]