{{Character Infobox
|image            = Ragnvindr Clan.png
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = 
|realname         = 
|affiliation      = Ragnvindr Family
|region           = Mondstadt

|title            = Dawn Knight
|ancestry         = [[Ragnvindr Family]]
|relative         = Crepus
|relativeNote     = descendant
|relative2        = Diluc
|relativeNote2    = descendant
}}
'''Ragnvindr the Dawn Knight''' was a historical figure who lived during [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Timeline#The Aristocratic Period|Aristocratic period]] one thousand years ago. Originally one of the knights that obeyed the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]], a chance encounter with the [[Dawnlight Swordswoman]] of the [[Wanderer's Troupe]] and subsequent befriending of her led him to eventually join [[Vennessa]]'s rebellion.

The [[Ragnvindr Family]], the owners of the [[Dawn Winery]], are his descendants.

==Profile==
Ragnvindr was born into the upper echelons of Mondstadt society during the Aristocratic period, which saw large social stratification. However, he grew dissatisfied with the way the city was run, a feeling that only intensified after meeting the [[Dawnlight Swordswoman]].<ref name="BotS">{{Ref/Book|Ballads of the Squire}}</ref> He decided to turn his back on his former way of life, devoting himself to Vennessa's cause when she raised the flag of rebellion.<ref name="flute">{{Ref/Weapon|The Flute}}</ref>

[[Ballads of the Squire]] are said to be songs written by Ragnvindr himself.

==Story==
===Vennessa's Rebellion===
As a knight for the aristocracy, Ragnvindr grew disillusioned by their apathy towards the suffering of the common people. When the Wanderer's Troupe's rebellion was crushed by the aristocracy, the Dawnlight was enslaved and turned into a gladiator. Despite losing all her hope and her friends, she continued to sing of freedom, and her words strengthened Ragnvindr's resolve to fight against the aristocracy. As a squire, Ragnvindr accompanied his master to the arena and bore witness to her death in her final battle. He somehow ended up collecting her body and buried her along with her [[sword]], [[The Flute]]. He was inspired to choose the title of "Dawn Knight" for himself after her own "Dawnlight."<ref name="flute" />

When Vennessa led a rebellion against the aristocracy with [[Barbatos]]' assistance, Ragnvindr participated as her ally. After the rebellion emerged victorious, Ragnvindr transformed the aristocrats' indoor baths into the [[Mondstadt Library]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Codex}}</ref> It is unknown whether he joined the [[Knights of Favonius]] after its establishment.

===Legacy===
Ragnvindr tended to the [[Dawn Winery]] during his lifetime, although it is unknown whether the winery's history began with him.<ref>Event [[Invitation of Windblume]] Festive Challenge: [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Early Dawn|Early Dawn]]</ref> The winery remains in operation to the present day.

Two of his known descendants are [[Crepus]] and [[Diluc]].

==Trivia==
* The [[Red-Haired Warrior]] who fought alongside the [[Nameless Bard]], [[Barbatos]], and [[Amos]] is very likely Ragnvindr's ancestor.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Windblume Ode}}</ref>

===Etymology===
* The name Ragnvindr may be derived from the Old Norse words {{wt|regin|''ragna''|Old Norse}} "of the gods" and {{wt|vindr|''vindr''|Old Norse}} "wind," together meaning "wind of the gods."

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Ragnvindr]]
[[ja:ラグヴィンド]]
[[pt-br:Ragnvindr]]
[[ru:Рагнвиндр]]
[[uk:Раґнвіндр]]