{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = 
|image        = Ragnvindr Clan.png
|type         = Families
|type2        = Mondstadt Clans
}}
The '''Ragnvindr Family''' is an influential and affluent noble house in [[Mondstadt]]. Currently, it is most well known for running the [[Dawn Winery]], Mondstadt's premier winery.

Its name is derived from the Dawn Knight [[Ragnvindr]], who participated in [[Vennessa]]'s rebellion one thousand years ago. Alongside the [[Gunnhildr Clan]], it is one of the two known noble families that were not exiled from Mondstadt following the fall of the aristocracy.

==History==
===Decarabian's Era===
How long the Ragnvindr Family has existed is unclear. However, during [https://youtu.be/S_V0TX6MyGw The Boy and the Whirlwind cutscene] in [[Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land]], the "[[Red-Haired Warrior|knight]]" of the group that rebelled against [[Decarabian]]<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref> bears a resemblance to Crepus and Diluc, two known descendants of the Ragnvindr Family.

===Vennessa's Rebellion===
Ragnvindr, whom the Clan would later be named after, served as a knight's squire during the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy|aristocratic period]], after the [[Lawrence Clan]] and many other noble houses grew corrupt. Unable to ignore the suffering of the people, but also bound to his duties, he suffered in silence until he chanced upon the enslaved [[Dawnlight Swordswoman]] of the [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|Wanderer's Troupe]], which had tried and failed to overthrow the aristocracy.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Ballads of the Squire}}</ref> Despite their failure and the subsequent deaths of most its members, she continued to sing of freedom and inspired him to take a stand. After she was slain in the arena, Ragnvindr took on the name "Dawn Knight" after her own epithet.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The Flute}}</ref>

When Vennessa, with the help of [[Barbatos]], raised the flag of rebellion, Ragnvindr was among those who sided with her. After the aristocracy was defeated and the offending noble houses exiled, Ragnvindr transformed the aristocracy's public baths into the [[Mondstadt Library]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Codex}}</ref>

===Present===
At some point in time, either Ragnvindr or one of his predecessors or ancestors founded the [[Dawn Winery]],<ref> Event [[Invitation of Windblume]] Festive Challenge, Early Dawn: [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Song Overview 2|Soundtrack Description]]</ref> which remains in operation to this day.

==Known Members==
====2600 years ago====
*Unnamed [[Red-Haired Warrior]] (presumed)<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Windblume Ode}}</ref><ref group="Note">In [https://youtu.be/fFHfbH8UrFE Character Teaser - "Eula: Midnight Encounter at the Tavern"], the Ragnvindr Family is illustrated with someone who looks almost exactly like the Red-Haired Warrior (almost, because the styling of the bangs is different). However, there is no information given about this individual.</ref>

====1000 years ago====
*[[Ragnvindr]] (clan's namesake)

====Present Day====
*[[Crepus]] (former head, deceased)
**[[Diluc]] (current head)
**[[Kaeya]] (adopted into the clan,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaeya|Vision}}</ref> status unknown after his falling out with Diluc four years ago)<ref group="Note">Kaeya seems to have distanced himself from the Ragnvindr name, but it is unknown what Kaeya's official relationship with the Ragnvindr name or family is in present day.</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Ragnvindr Family
|zhs      = 莱艮芬德家
|zhs_rm   = Láigěnfēndé-jiā
|zht      = 萊艮芬德家
|zht_rm   = Láigěnfēndé-jiā
|zh_tl    = Ragnvindr Family
|ja       = ラグヴィンド家
|ja_rm    = Raguvindo-ke
|ja_tl    = Ragnvindr House
|ko       = 라겐펜더 {{tt|가문|家門}}
|ko_rm    = Ragenpendeo Gamun
|ko_tl    = Ragnvindr Family
|es       = Familia Ragnvindr
|es_tl    = Ragnvindr Family
|fr       = Famille Ragnvindr
|fr_tl    = Ragnvindr Family
|ru       = Клан Рагнвиндр
|ru_tl    = Ragnvindr Clan
|th       = ตระกูล Ragnvindr
|th_rm    = Tra-kun Ragnvindr
|th_tl    = Ragnvindr Clan
|vi       = Nhà Ragnvindr
|vi_tl    = Ragnvindr House
|de       = Familie Ragnvindr
|de_tl    = Ragnvindr Family
|id       = Keluarga Ragnvindr
|id_tl    = Ragnvindr Family
|pt       = Família Ragnvindr
|pt_tl    = Ragnvindr Family
|tr       = 
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = 
|it_tl    = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Clan Ragnvindr]]
[[pt-br:Família Ragnvindr]]
[[th:ตระกูล Ragnvindr]]