{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Raiden Shogun
|id             = 368138
|image          = Character Raiden Shogun Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Raiden Shogun''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

Prior to completing the Archon Quest [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]], Raiden Shogun has only one line of dialogue.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
;Ei's Idle Quotes
* "Desserts..."
* "Eternity and change..."
* "Inazuma..."
* "I want to test your skills..."
* "Like the Plane of Euthymia..."

When the player is nearby:
* "...looking for me?"
* "Is it you?"

;Shogun's Idle Quotes
* "..."

==Dialogue==
If you have completed [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]], then you will receive Ei's dialogue, otherwise you will receive the Shogun's dialogue.

;Ei's Dialogue
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Oh, it's you, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Perhaps you have come just to see me?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's much livelier here than the plane of pure silence and tranquility that I'm used to.
::{{DIcon}} Will it be difficult for you to get used to this place?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No, not at all.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Clamor and commotion are strictly external, my inner being shall remain tranquil as ever.
::{{DIcon}} Okay, that's good.
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Thank you for your concern.
::{{DIcon}} Would you like to join in the action?
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Such lively activities stand in direct contrast to the notion of Eternity. I'm afraid I'll have to consider it further.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Will you remain here a while longer?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' With you by my side, though our mouths stay silent, my heart is at peace.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Your companionship... This is one change that I shall not contest.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes, I just so happen to have something that I would like to ask you.
::{{DIcon}} Oh really? What's that?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I would like to know how you make such delicious desserts.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' *ahem* I mean, they certainly seem to suit my taste.
::{{DIcon}} The most important ingredient is patience.
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I see... Though your attempts may fail, you will not give up future attempts because of a temporary setback.
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' By making adjustments along the way, you compile what you've learned and accumulate experience.
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...Is that what you mean?
::{{DIcon}} The most important ingredient is hope.
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hope?
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I would've never expected that trying to make desserts taste better was an expression of hope.
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But no... The more I think about it, it can't possibly be that simple.
:::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 4.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Perhaps "hope" means the desire to satisfy the eater.
::{{DIcon}} Exactly.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I see. I'll be sure to remember that.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Now that I've benefited from your experience, I'll try to follow your instructions the next time I'm attempting optimizations on the Shogun.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, so that's what this is all about...
::{{DIcon}} I have a feeling that it's not learning how to make desserts that you're after...
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm? Haven't I already mentioned that I cannot make food?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' However, the advice you gave me will benefit you as well...
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' With a more powerful Shogun, I will be able to protect you from a myriad of dangers even more effectively.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. Unsheathe your weapon.
::{{DIcon}} Wait, you mean... now?
::{{DIcon}} I'm not mentally prepared for this.
::{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmph. Then I will come again once your preparation is complete. I have time.
::{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I will use my blade to confirm whether you are out of practice or not.
::{{DIcon}} Wait, are you serious?
::{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Naturally.
::{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The moment that blades are crossed in battle also becomes a kind of Eternity. I shall use this moment to feel your inner being.
::{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' A simple and direct method, yet more clear than any language could convey. It even allows me to verify my own existence.
::{{DIcon}} Something seems a bit off...
::{{DIcon}} Ei? Is that you?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Huh? So you could see through my guise? Oh. I thought my impression was accurate enough.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Never mind. I'll be honest with you then, I desire to spar with you.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' After all, few have ever proved capable of withstanding my blade. It would be a pleasure to train with you.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' However, I feared that you would be hesitant to strike me, so I used the identity of the Shogun.
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to trick me into it...
::{{DIcon}} That's an odd request...
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ah, you don't refuse. May I assume you accept then?
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hehe, you should prepare yourself. I certainly won't go easy on you.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Ei.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Good morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Even such a trivial interaction fills me with motivation. Amazing...
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Ei.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Oh, has night fallen already? Then you'd best go have a rest.
::{{A|vo raidenei mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Good night, (Traveler). May your dreams be calm and peaceful.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
;Shogun's Dialogue
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' ...
:{{A|vo raidenshogun mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Since my physical form is here in this realm, I suppose there's no harm in seeing how you've utilized its infinitesimal space.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===A Thousand Swings===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun dojo 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' A dojo...?
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun dojo 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' So, you pursue distinction in the martial arts? Clearly, the Musou no Hitotachi has sharpened your resolve.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun dojo 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Those who strive for perfection are to be commended.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ancient Branch Shrine===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun shrine 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' This shrine looks somewhat familiar.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun shrine 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Is this what it means... to reminisce?
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun shrine 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' So be it. The sensation is not a disagreeable one.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ja:雷電将軍/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Райдэн/Компаньон]]
[[uk:Райден Шьоґун/Супутник(ця)]]