{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41212
|type          = Story
|event_name    = The Chalk Prince and the Dragon
|actNum        = III
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|prev          = Archon's Rival
|next          = Uninvited Guests
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Albedo; Cyrus; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}

'''Raiders Amidst Snow Mist''' is the third quest of [[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]] event. Finishing this quest unlocks the Act III objectives in the event's menu and allows the player to participate in the Draconic Pilgrimage challenge.

==Summary==
It is revealed that [[Cyrus]] is championing an expedition up the mountain, and Albedo is keeping him in the dark about the sword.

==Steps==
# Meet with [[Albedo]]
# Head partway up the mountain
# Defeat the attacking hilichurls
# Speak to Albedo
# Follow the footprints to tail the hilichurl
# Destroy the Anemo Amber
# Use the wind current to catch up to the hilichurl
# Activate the device and lure the hilichurls out
# Defeat all opponents and retrieve the sketchbook
# Return to the campsite and look for Albedo

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|All proceeds smoothly. You plan to search for [[Albedo]] to discuss the changes the sword has undergone further.<br /><br />All proceeds smoothly... and then, an accident occurs &mdash; some thief has stolen something dear to Albedo! To reclaim the stolen object, you and your companions give chase...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon reaching the area)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo! We're back~!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey, does he have a guest over?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, and a familiar one at that.
:{{DIcon}} Now, where have we seen this face before?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Yes, perhaps it is too soon to ask our greenhorns to come adventuring here...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 02.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' But adventuring is nothing if it is not about pushing our limits! What is a journey without struggle, without excitement?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 03.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' This place may be infested with wicked hilichurl bandits and knee-deep snow, but an adventurer must never stop pressing forward!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Cyrus, to the point, please.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 04.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Hahaha! Come, come! The beauty of a chat lies in the journey, not the destination &mdash; just like an adventure!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 05.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Even if you are robbed blind and must give up on your encampment, you can start a fire and cook a meal in the frigid snow!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 06.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' This journey up the mountain will be an unforgettable one for all our newcomers!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Mm, yes.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 07.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' They may resent me, or even hate me. But in the future, they will think back upon this moment with their hearts filled with gratitude &mdash; for this was the day that the spirit of adventure was passed on to them!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh yes, go on.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh brother... Albedo's back at it again. He's always so cold when the topic doesn't catch his fancy...
:{{DIcon}} He isn't interested in adventures in the slightest, is he?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He sure is interested in you, though.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 08.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Still... Should we say that our newcomers are too green, or that mountain is too mighty? We have taken great losses this time...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? What do you mean, "great losses"?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 09.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Oh, you must be...
:{{DIcon}} What's up, Cyrus?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Long time no see&mdash;!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 10b.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Ah, yes. The young adventurer and {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} companion! It is my pleasure to see you here.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 11.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' I trust these frigid ascents have not given you too much trouble?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, we can take anything it has to throw at us!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 12.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Hahaha! Good, good. I love your confidence!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 13.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' But you must be here on some important duty, braving the wind and snow like this.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 04b.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I came here to gather the latest data on hilichurls, and asked {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} to serve as my assistant.
:{{DIcon}} (Huh. Is that how it went?)
:{{DIcon}} (Quite reluctant to let people in on the matter of this sword, isn't he?)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 14.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Ah, I see. A gathering of people chasing their dreams and ideals, is it?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 cyrus 15.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Then I wish you all the best. Farewell for now &mdash; I must go to see our new recruits.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha, looks like we've made a new discovery!
:{{DIcon}} Albedo is keeping Cyrus in the dark.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it is a magical sword after all. It's understandable that he doesn't want other people to know about it.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I am listening, you know...
:{{DIcon}} Should I not ask?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There is no "should" or "shouldn't" here. I can answer your questions...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But not right now. Right now, I have more pressing matters on hand.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Pressing matters"? Let Paimon guess, we've got a part to play in it too, huh?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hehe. You're getting smarter, Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon will have you know that she's always been smart!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I have discovered new habitats with different monster types. I believe they will provide us with similarly varied data.
:{{DIcon}} You sure love your research, don't you?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Perseverance is key to research, and persistence is the basis of the alchemist's art.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 1 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' So, are you ready? Then let us go.
----
;(Upon reaching partway up the mountain)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm. It seems that no one is here.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do monsters go out to run errands too?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well then, would you like to take a look around before they return, or shall we rest a while here?
:{{DIcon}} How does a rest and leisurely talk sound?
::{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 03a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Just what I was thinking.
:{{DIcon}} Great idea &mdash; I have some questions.
::{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 03b 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
::{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 03b 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Alright. What would you like to ask?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, we're having a chat now? Paimon wants in!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I know you must have questions, whether it be about me, or this entire situation. As I said before, I will answer them.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But I will not deceive you. There are some things I cannot go into detail on. On these matters, you'll have to permit me to summarize a bit.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Guess Albedo can be pretty straightforward when he wants to be...
:{{DIcon}} More earnest than I expected, for sure.
:{{DIcon}} More carefree than I expected, for sure.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 hilichurls 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Tiga plata!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh huh! ...Eh, what?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 3 hilichurls 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Odomu Movo!
:{{DIcon}} Are you making those strange noises, Albedo?
::{{A|vo eqxs003 3 albedo 06a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Do you really think that's possible?
:{{DIcon}} Are you making those strange noises, Paimon?
::{{A|vo eqxs003 3 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you think? And why aren't you asking Albedo, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Ah, hilichurls!
----
;(Whilst fighting)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it doing here?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! It's running off, and there's something in its hands!

;(Talking to Albedo)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you see that? That hilichurl ran off while holding on to something that looks like a book!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 5 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' That's... not good. That was my sketchbook.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it dreams of becoming a grand-master artist someday?
:{{DIcon}} Did it want to learn alchemy too?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it's just your run-of-the-mill thief, really.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 5 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' To think that it dared to steal my sketchbook. Quite bold, this one.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm, looks like Albedo's got a frosty temper...
:{{DIcon}} I'll lend you a hand.

;(Talk to Albedo again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs003 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' We must get the book back, it has my notes and sketches in it.
----
;(Whilst following the hilichurls footsteps)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We gotta hurry up, before it gets too far away!

;(Upon reaching the end of the trail of footprints)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like it's a dead end. You know, except for this huge cavern entrance.
:{{DIcon}} Did it run in there?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Judging from the tracks, that seems to be the case.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then what are we waiting for!? We can't let it escape!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Wait.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This mountain is incredibly large. Even if there was a path within its bowels, such a road would not be easy to walk.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Can you feel it? The wind carries the scent of ice and stone with it... and the sound of echoes. The space within must be massive.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As such, rash moves are of no benefit to us.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... But we've come all this way &mdash; we can't just let it leave!
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that sketchbook very important to you?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It is. But that doesn't mean that we should act recklessly.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There is another way. It just requires some extra work.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If my guess is correct, this cavern's exit is on the other side of the mountain.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 7 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You are quite the expert glider, and I'm quite the hand myself. So prepare yourself, and we'll glide across in one go.
----
;(Speaking to Albedo before the gliding challenge)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs003 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The paths we may venture are not limited to those the eye can see.

;(Upon reaching the end of the gliding challenge)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, looks like there's a camp over there.

;(When you start the challenge)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's so many of them! Are they trying to surround us?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These guys are pretty smart... Is this also the influence of Durin's body?

;(After completing the challenge)
:{{A|vo eqxs003 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And that's our sketchbook &mdash; and it was on the head honcho, as expected!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 12 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Ugh, there's been some damage...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 12 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I need to head back to see if there's anything I can salvage. Let's meet at the alchemy stall in Mondstadt later, shall we?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Albedo looked like he was in quite a hurry. Guess those who can't appreciate art shouldn't be able to handle it, huh!
----
;(Talk to Albedo at the [[Albedo's Campsite|campsite]])
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo, how's the sketchbook situation?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's alright. A few pages were destroyed, but most of it is intact.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The temperature in the Snowy Mountain is subzero. It can reach extremely low temperatures, especially near that cavern.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What makes matters worse is that the hilichurls have drooled all over the pages. To leave wet paper in such low temperatures, it's too dreadful to imagine...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Frozen paper is so brittle. It doesn't take much for it to fall apart, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Fortunately, you knew how to piece it back together.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No wonder you're an alchemist! Such an ingenious mind!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the sketchbook had been severely damaged, you'd be furious, wouldn't you?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What leads you to believe that?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You told us there's a lot of drawings and notes inside.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I must admit, I bring this sketchbook everywhere I go.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' However, I wouldn't fly into a rage over such a thing.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Had I not been able to salvage it, I would just draw everything again.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh... How pragmatic of you...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think so.
:{{DIcon}} If that happened to me, I'd get mad!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Is that so?
:{{DIcon}} After all, you've put a lot of effort into your drawings.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right!
:{{DIcon}} Think of all the memories you've commited to paper.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep yep!
:{{DIcon}} Such mementos shouldn't be easily abandoned.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Absolutely! Well said. You took the words out of Paimon's mouth, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm... You're right. Redrawing everything would be a tedious endeavour.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Especially since you're so talented, right?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've mastered so many skills and gathered so much knowledge that other people can only dream of!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But such talented people sometimes forget about that. It's one of the downsides of being smart, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Albedo's also praised your smarts, Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Without a doubt, Paimon is an interesting creature.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon forgets about the little things, too?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think Paimon has the same problem.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahhhh! Don't put Paimon on the spot when it comes to wisdom!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Changing the subject... Cyrus told me that the hilichurls from this mountain attack and rob adventurers.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The place we visited should should be one of their camps.
:{{DIcon}} The hilichurls in this area are strong.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yea, the hilichurls here are way stronger than the ones at the bottom of the mountain.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I can't disagree. I assume... this must be related to the dragon.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The corruptive power emanating from [[Durin]]'s remains is making the monsters stronger, which, in tandem with the frigid climate, depopulated some mountain areas.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Can you take out the sword, Traveler?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Each time you fought in the mountains, this sword was absorbing power and storing it within itself.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Moreover, thanks to your purification, the corruptive power of the dragon's blood seems to be all gone now.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's a very interesting phenomenon.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not the first time we've done something like that. We're experts!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I always wondered what purification was capable of... I knew you were capable of doing it, but seeing it with my own eyes is a unique experience.
:{{DIcon}} A power-absorbing sword must be quite dangerous.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Indeed, I can't say it's the safest of weapons.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lucky that it wasn't snatched away by those hilichurls, otherwise we'd be done for!
:{{DIcon}} Aren't Fatui a bigger threat?
:{{DIcon}} Aren't Treasure hoarders a bigger threat?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hilichurls are a threat, too! What if that power could turn them into... super, no, ultra hilichurls!
:{{DIcon}} Ultra hilichurls!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ultra demon hilichurls!
:{{DIcon}} Ultra demon snowman hilichurls!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Snowman"? Now you've ruined the game...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, about the sword... If it's so powerful, can't it absorb your energy as well, Albedo?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 22.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Would you like to try it out?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! Such a cold gaze!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon was just joking...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon didn't mean anything bad...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 23.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's fine. After all, I still hope you'll continue to use this sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You still trust us? Even though this sword is so dangerous? Well that was unexpected.
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo, you say one thing but do another... Paimon can never tell what's really on your mind!
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 24.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I have no idea what you're talking about...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 25.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But if you want to know why I trust you... It might be because...
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 26.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The "unusual" ones like us share a certain degree of understanding.
:{{DIcon}} Unusual ones?
:{{A|vo eqxs003 13 albedo 27.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Lonely individuals... Those who aren't like ordinary people. Just like... you and me.
:{{DIcon}} (...?)
:{{DIcon}} (Is he implying something?)
{{Dialogue end}}

===To be checked===
* {{A|vo eqxs003 10 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This is the monsters' camp. It seems that the birds have brought their plunder back to their nest.
* {{A|vo eqxs003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get in there!
* {{A|vo eqxs003 10 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No, our best option is to find a way to lure them out.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Raiders Amidst Snow Mist
|zhs     = 雪山上的贼影
|zhs_rm  = Xuěshān Shàng de Zéi Yǐng
|zht     = 雪山上的賊影
|zht_rm  = Xuěshān Shàng de Zéi Yǐng
|zh_tl   = Shadows of Thieves on the Snow Mountain
|ja      = 雪山に映る怪しい影
|ja_rm   = Yukiyama ni Utsuru Ayashii Kage
|ja_tl   = Suspicious Shadows Reflected in the Snowy Mountain
|ko      = 설산에 나타난 도둑 그림자
|ko_rm   = Seolsane Natanan Doduk Geurimja
|ko_tl   = Thieves Shadows Appeared in the Snow Mountain
|es      = Ladrones entre la bruma
|es_tl   = Thieves In the Mist
|fr      = Voleur dans la brume
|fr_tl   = Thief in the Mist
|ru      = Налётчики в снежной пелене
|ru_tl   = Raiders Amidst Mantles of Snow
|th      = หัวขโมยบนภูเขาหิมะ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Thieves on the Snow Mountain
|vi      = Bóng Người Khả Nghi Trên Núi Tuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bergdiebe
|de_tl   = Mountain Thieves
|id      = Pencuri di Gunung Salju
|id_tl   = Raiders at the Snow Mountain
|pt      = Ladrões da Montanha
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:Ladrones entre la bruma]]
[[ru:Налётчики в снежной пелене]]