{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = System Rainjade's Benediction.png
|type         = Game Systems
|group        = Offering Systems
|region       = Liyue
|subregion    = Chenyu Vale
|area         = Mt. Laixin
|subarea      = Carp's Rest
}}
{{Description|Place the Spirit Carp collected during your adventures into the Jade to obtain the blessings of soil and water|System Unlock: Carp's Rest: Votive Rainjade}}
'''Rainjade's Benediction''' is an [[Offering System]] that is leveled with [[Spirit Carp]]. It can be found at the [[Votive Rainjade]] in [[Carp's Rest]], [[Chenyu Vale]], [[Liyue]].

Rainjade's Benediction is unlocked by completing the {{Quest|The Cloud-Padded Path to the Chiwang Repose}}.

After obtaining 40 Spirit Carp, a "Reveal" button will appear on the interface, which will mark the location of an uncollected Spirit Carp.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Spirit Carp and Votive Rainjade...}}

==Rewards==
Raising Rainjade's Benediction level requires {{Item|Spirit Carp}} offered in groups of '''5'''. A total of '''50''' Spirit Carp are required to reach the maximum level. Reaching the maximum level will grant the {{Achievement|One Ring for the Rite of All}}.

All levels will reward: {{Card List|Adventure EXP*200;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10;Mora*50,000|show_caption=1|delim=;}}

Each respective level will also reward:
{|class="wikitable thc1"
!Lv. !!Rewards !!Lv. !!Rewards
|-
!1
|{{Card|Acquaint Fate|2}}
!6
|{{Card|Philosophies of Gold|2}}
|-
!2
|{{Card|Philosophies of Prosperity|2}}
!7
|{{Card|Intertwined Fate|2}}
|-
!3
|{{Card|Crown of Insight|1}}
!8
|{{Card|Northlander Billet Trove|1}}
|-
!4
|{{Card|Philosophies of Diligence|2}}
!9
|{{Card|Rainjade Statuette: Tender Discourse|1}}
|-
!5
|{{Card|Acquaint Fate|2}}
!10
|{{Card|Chenyu: Rainjade Rite|1}}
|}

===Total Rewards===
{{Card List|delim=;|<!--
-->Intertwined Fate*2;<!--
-->Acquaint Fate*4;<!--
-->Crown of Insight*1;<!--
-->Chenyu: Rainjade Rite*1;<!--
-->Rainjade Statuette: Tender Discourse*1;<!--
-->Philosophies of Prosperity*2;<!--
-->Philosophies of Diligence*2;<!--
-->Philosophies of Gold*2;<!--
-->Northlander Billet Trove*1;<!--
-->Mystic Enhancement Ore*100;<!--
-->Mora*500,000;<!--
-->Adventure EXP*2,000<!--
-->}}

==Descriptions==
{{Description|According to Fujin, by placing the Spirit Carp collected during your adventures into the jade, not only can you ensure favorable weather for Chenyu Vale for the next year, but you will also receive the blessings of the soil and water...|Rewards description}}
{{Description|The ancient Rainjade Oblation has now been completed, and the once-scattered adeptal energy has now been concentrated in the soil and water veins. Now, Chenyu Vale will enjoy clement weather in the years to come, with promises of abundance and fortune.|Max level description}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Reach max level)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! What do you know? We've already collected so much adeptal energy already!
:{{DIcon}} Well done me.
:{{DIcon}} No more than to be expected of one such as I, the {{MC|m=Young Master|f=Young Lady}}!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! That bit's long since over, quit talking like that!
:'''Paimon:''' According to what Fujin said before, all this adeptal energy should be used on the Votive Rainjade. That way, Qiaoying Village can reap the results next year!
:'''Paimon:''' When that happens, Paimon'll have Uncle Luo prepare all kinds of amazing food for her! Let Paimon think... Mmm, like teacakes, squab, braised meatball, honey char siu, oooh, and, and...
:'''???:''' Tea brew, perhaps?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh right! And Chenyu Brew, of course! Paimon's gotta write all this down... eh? Wait, who's there?
:'''Paimon:''' F&mdash;Fujin!?
:'''Fujin:''' Hehe, sorry about that. I didn't scare you, did I?
:'''Paimon:''' You can assume human form again!
:'''Fujin:''' Yes! Did one not say that one was not seriously injured, and needed merely the briefest of rests to return to my favored form?
:'''Fujin:''' Thank you both for gathering all that adeptal energy for the Rainjade as I rested. Next year's bountiful harvest will in no small way be thanks to your efforts.
:{{DIcon}} Hehe, 'tis but a piffling trifle for one such as I, the {{MC|m=Young Master|f=Young Lady}}!
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad I could help.
:'''Paimon:''' Though, now that you're back to your human form and don't need to lock yourself in that super-dark place anymore, what do you plan to do next?
:'''Fujin:''' Yes... I haven't given much thought to that yet. Perhaps I should just walk around and have a look?
:'''Fujin:''' Have a taste of today's teas, listen to today's operas, see the people of today... *ahem* I am sorry. I keep emphasizing "today," as though I'm some sort of horrid antique...
:'''Fujin:''' Though, I really do like that word. The things I couldn't do in the past, I can do "today." The things that couldn't be achieved before, all those promises that couldn't be kept, they can all be made real "today."
:'''Fujin:''' And then, I'd like to go to the Guili Assembly and have a look, and then to Liyue Harbor to see the people there, meet all those lovely folks they described, and of course, I'd like to see Herblord again...
:{{DIcon}} Want me to bring you around?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Paimon remembers that you said something about "not leaving clear water for too long" and "needing to use the adeptal realms in teapots to travel long distances."
:'''Fujin:''' Hehe... Thank you for remembering that, and thank you for being willing to help me. However, I would still like to stay in Chenyu Vale a bit longer and enjoy the sights and sounds of my home.
:'''Fujin:''' As for long-distance travel, let me think... Hmm, perhaps I should wait until Little Mao is all grown?
:'''Paimon:''' That's way too long!
:'''Fujin:''' I'm joking! Anyway, I do plan to stay here for a bit, and see if I can convince Lingyuan to go on the trip with me.
:'''Fujin:''' Oh, right! {{Traveler}}, one more thing before you go...
:'''Fujin:''' You went through quite a lot on account of both myself, as well as Lingyuan. My adeptal energy is slowly recovering, so please allow me to give you a genuine blessing of protection for the road ahead.
:{{Black Screen|"Pluck your best teas and toast me, as the dew hangs on the sedges, as smoke swirls amidst the leaves."<br>"The times wear on, yet the years grow peaceful. Such thoughts I nurse in my heart and vow to never forget."<br>"On our times together I ponder, in comfort and happiness, and on my zither I play, till you shall return."}}
:'''Fujin:''' Hehe, that should do it! All set now!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} I don't really feel any different...
::'''Fujin:''' Well, the skeins of fortune aren't to be read at a glance, you know!
:'''Fujin:''' Well then, once again... Thank you, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Thank you for everything you've done for me, and for Chenyu Vale.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|topic=Rainjade's Benediction}}
<!--
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = 
|caption1 = 
}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en     = Rainjade's Benediction
|1_zhs    = 祀珑的赐福
|1_zhs_rm = 
|1_zht    = 祀瓏的賜福
|1_zht_rm = 
|1_zh_tl  = 
|1_ja     = 祀瓏の祝福
|1_ja_rm  = Shirou no Shukufuku{{Assumed}}
|1_ja_tl  = 
|1_ko     = 사롱옥의 축복
|1_ko_rm  = 
|1_ko_tl  = 
|1_es     = Bendición del Jade votivo
|1_es_tl  = Votive Jade's Benediction
|1_fr     = Bénédiction du Jade votif
|1_fr_tl  = Votive Jade Benediction
|1_ru     = Милость Заветного нефрита
|1_ru_tl  = {{Lex|Rainjade|ru}}'s Benefit
|1_th     = คำอวยพรของหยกปฏิญาณ
|1_th_rm  = 
|1_th_tl  = 
|1_vi     = Phước Lành Của Ngọc Tế Lễ
|1_vi_tl  = 
|1_de     = Segen der Regenjade
|1_de_tl  = Rainjade's Benediction
|1_id     = Berkat Rainjade
|1_id_tl  = Blessings of Rainjade
|1_pt     = Bênção da Chuva de Jade
|1_pt_tl  = 
|1_tr     = Yağmur Yeşiminin Kutsaması
|1_tr_tl  = Rainjade's Blessing
|1_it     = Benedizione della Giada pluviale
|1_it_tl  = 
|2_en     = Rainjade Oblation
|2_zhs    = 祀珑典仪
|2_zhs_rm = 
|2_zht    = 祀瓏典儀
|2_zht_rm = 
|2_zh_tl  = 
|2_ja     = 祀瓏儀式
|2_ja_rm  = Shirou Gishiki{{Assumed}}
|2_ja_tl  = 
|2_ko     = 사롱옥 의례
|2_ko_rm  = 
|2_ko_tl  = 
|2_es     = Ceremonia del Jade votivo
|2_es_tl  = Votive Jade Ceremony
|2_fr     = Oblation du Jade votif
|2_fr_tl  = Votive Jade Oblation
|2_ru     = Подношение Заветного нефрита
|2_ru_tl  = {{Lex|Rainjade|ru}} Offering
|2_th     = บวงสรวงหยกปฏิญาณ
|2_th_rm  = 
|2_th_tl  = 
|2_vi     = Nghi Thức Mưa Ngọc
|2_vi_tl  = 
|2_de     = Ritus der Regenjade
|2_de_tl  = Rainjade's Rite
|2_id     = Rainjade Oblation
|2_pt     = Oferenda Chuva de Jade
|2_pt_tl  = 
|2_tr     = Yağmur Yeşimi Ayini
|2_tr_tl  = Rainjade Rite
|2_it     = Offerta della Giada pluviale
|2_it_tl  = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox}}

[[fr:Bénédiction du Jade votif]]
[[ja:祀瓏の祝福]]
[[ru:Милость Заветного нефрита]]
[[vi:Phước Lành Của Ngọc Tế Lễ]]