{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Raju.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = Vahumana
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Raju''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Alhaitham]]'s [[Story Quest]] ''[[The Illusions of the Mob]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Raju was a student of the [[Sumeru Akademiya]] and member of the [[Vahumana]] Darshan. He was the author of the thesis [[Jani]] fraudulently used to send in a project application to the Akademiya. This application would be accepted, and Jani would form a research group comprising of many students to accomplish the project. In exchange, Jani paid Raju a measly 20,000 [[mora]]. Not only that, Jani would casually threaten and insult Raju, even though Jani would ask Raju for help when the project hit a roadblock. Due to the number of students that rely on the accomplishment of Jani's project to ensure their graduation, Raju was warned not to speak about Jani's fraud. Raju agreed to stay silent, but he would eventually reach his breaking point and commit suicide by jumping off to his death.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Raju appears as a young and scholarly man, clothed in the usual uniform of the Sumerian Akademiya scholars. He has short, light gray hair, black eyes, and a pale complexion. He appears to be average height.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Raju
|zhs     = 拉杜
|zhs_rm  = Lādù
|zht     = 拉杜
|zht_rm  = Lādù
|ja      = ラジュ
|ja_rm   = Raju
|ko      = 라쥬
|es      = Rayu
|fr      = Raju
|ru      = Раджу
|th      = Raju
|vi      = Raju
|de      = Raju
|id      = Raju
|pt      = Raju
|tr      = Raju
|it      = Raju
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->