{{Book Collection Infobox
|image   = Book Rangi Nui's End.png
|quality = 3
|region_lore = Natlan
|region_location = Natlan
|volumes = 1
|vol1    = Sold by [[Amazolli]] at [[Idukan's Trove]]
}}
'''''Rangi Nui's End''''' is a [[Book Collection]] that can be bought from [[Idukan's Trove]] in [["Masters of the Night-Wind"]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|An ancient folk song from the People of the Springs. It describes the tale of the legendary hero, Rangi Nui.}}
Rangi Nui's End is my hometown,<br>And whenever I recall my ancestral lands,<br>The morning sun shines over Rangi Nui,<br>Looking out over Waiata, the spring of flowing song,<br>Looking down upon Te Pahau, the wind-whiskered valley,<br>Looking across Poheka, the land of abundance,<br>Such are the lands of my grandparents,<br>Such is Rangi Nui's End.

I will journey to visit my ancestral home,<br>On the twenty-fifth night, when the eels begin their dance,<br>From Ohauiti shall I set forth, where the wind is gentle on the plains,<br>To the waterfall where sharks do leap, to the shallow shoals,<br>To Titiwha, those dazzling radiant depths,<br>Where I shall climb the mountain bathed in sunlight,<br>To visit the long-slumbering master of mountain and stream,<br>To explore the ancient dwelling place of the long-forgotten pygmies,<br>Before descending, descending into the valley's deepest depths,<br>Down to Te Tahutama, where luminescent fish congregate,<br>Down to Aka-aka, where plants grow small and strange.<br>Down to Mahinini, where the dark currents flow soft yet sharp,<br>Then down to dark Uropi, the depths of the forest...

Wo-ho! Wo-ho!<br>These distant, far-off lands, the hometown of my grandparents,<br>They were thrown down, destroyed by disaster and violence, like collapsing mountains and raging wildfires...<br>My ancestors once lived in prosperity and peace, yet were plunged into famine and exile,<br>My heart cries out for them, I mourn their tragic fate,<br>Like unquenchable flame roiling beneath spring waters, so profound a resentment, so deep a sorrow!<br>Ever shall I wander along that never-ending wellspring of sighs,<br>And I shall come to fields of mottled green — that my ancestors called Kahotea.<br>And like the ancient dragons, soar effortlessly to the mountains where chants abound...<br>The lost envoys of the heavens built there a city of gold and stone,<br>But it was destroyed when raging flame fell from the heavens, the fury of the ancient sovereign.<br>Wo-ho! Wo-ho!

And so I wander on, to Poheka, the land of abundance,<br>There Rangi Nui once stood upright between heaven and earth, so the ancestors say,<br>For he was both a sage who spoke to the heavens, and a hero of the land,<br>Whose soul returned to the rising sun, whereupon the sky itself became Rangi Nui.<br>Then, I shall head from the land of abundance to the distant shore,<br>And on a shore overgrown with tendrils, conclude my final journey.

I once climbed the lonely, desolate volcano,<br>I have seen countless hot springs with my own eyes,<br>And I shall head to the other side of the dark currents,<br>To seek the ferryman, who rows a dugout canoe and wears a gold-feathered crown,<br>And when at last I see that circlet, glimmering in gold,<br>Then shall I again reunite with my kin in the garden of Hairinei,<br>The birthplace of the forgotten sovereign of humans,<br>And I shall gather my tribespeople and friends, and we shall go there together.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Rangi Nui's End
|zhs      = 兰吉努伊之底
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 蘭吉努伊之底
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = ランギヌイの底
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 랑기누이 아래
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Las profundidades de Rangi Nui
|es_tl    = Rangi Nui's Depths
|fr       = La fin de Rangi Nui
|fr_tl    = Rangi Nui's End
|ru       = Конец Ранги Нуи
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ก้นบึ้งแห่ง Rangi Nui
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tận Cùng Của Rangi Nui
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Das Ende von Rangi Nui
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Akhir Rangi Nui
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Fim de Rangi Nui
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Rangi Nui'nin Sonu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = La fine di Rangi Nui
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Natlan}}

[[fr:La fin de Rangi Nui]]
[[ru:Конец Ранги Нуи]]