{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{About|the quest-exclusive NPC|the quest enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Raptor}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = Enemy Treasure Hoarder Marksman 3 Icon.png
|region           = Mondstadt
|location         = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Treasure Hoarders
|title            = Flying Thief On The Horizon
|title2           = Raptor of the North<ref name="Involuntary Sacrifice">{{Ref/Quest|Involuntary Sacrifice}}</ref>
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm4232585|Griffin Burns]]
|voiceJP          = Ikehara Yuuki ({{ja|池原 優希}})<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/yuuki_ikehara/status/1329770747317796865 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|type             = Quest NPC
}}

'''Raptor''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] in [[Lepus Chapter|Amber's Story Quest]] Act I: [[Wind, Courage, and Wings]].

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Raptor is a member of the [[Treasure Hoarders]] renown for his excellence in gliding, hence his name. He is one of the biggest Treasure Hoarders in Teyvat, the other is [[Yan'er|Big Sis of the South]]. He was once reported by a nun in the [[Favonius Cathedral]]. The [[Knights of Favonius]] attempted to lure Raptor into the Cathedral with an artifact, but he escaped with it. Amber and the [[Traveler]] track his whereabouts using the secret elemental markings on the artifact.

While tracking Raptor, Amber and the Traveler get information from [[Farrah]], a fruit vendor who claims he saw someone fall out of his glider due to carrying a heavy object. Assuming that the person gliding was Raptor with the artifact, Amber and the Traveler follow this lead and gather clues in the area which leads them to Raptor's hideout.

Inside the domain, they find Raptor on the other side of an seemingly impassable gap. Raptor mocks Amber until she steels herself and attempts to glide across the gap. Partway across, a sudden wind helps her. After a short fight, Raptor is defeated and arrested.

He once coordinated with [[Yan'er|Big Sis of the South]] to attempt to  raid some unexplored ruins guarded by the [[Abyss Order]].<ref name="Involuntary Sacrifice" />

=== Appearance===
Raptor is a tall and slim young man with slicked grey hair and navy blue eyes. He wears a purple rag under a black sleeve shirt underneath his jacket with yellow straps wrapped around his forearms, along with an orange scarf wrapped around his left arm. His pants are black with a single thick purple and golden yellow line running across both sides, along with a bandage wrap on his left thigh and he wears dark purple boots with a folded collar.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Raptor
|zhs      = 「怪鸟」
|zhs_rm   = "Guàiniǎo"
|zht      = 「怪鳥」
|zht_rm   = "Guàiniǎo"
|ja       = 「怪鳥」
|ja_rm    = "Kechou"
|ko       = 「괴조」
|es       = Ave Rapaz
|fr       = Rapace
|ru       = Птеродактиль
|th       = Raptor
|vi       = [{{tt|Quái Điểu|怪鸟}}]
|de       = Komischer Vogel
|id       = Raptor
|pt       = Raptor
|tr       = Avcı
|it       = Raptor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Ave Rapaz]]
[[ja:「怪鳥」]]
[[pt-br:Raptor]]