{{Stub|needs linking to other pages}}
'''Rarity''' is a mechanic to determine the difficulty of obtaining an item. Rarity are indicated by the number of stars {{Star}}. The least rare items are designated by one-star, while the most rare are designated by five-stars.

==1-Star==
One-star items are the most common items in the game. This includes anything harvestable in the game without fighting any enemies. These items are also dropped by all enemies and can be harvested from Common [[Chests]].

==2-Star==
Two-star items are less common than one-star items, but not rare. These items can be obtained by fighting Lv. 25+ enemies as well as from some Exquisite and Common Chests. Two-star and higher items can also be [[Alchemy|crafted]].

==3-Star==
Three-star items are the most common items produced by the [[Wishes|Gacha]] system. Three-star items include many obtainable weapons as well as items dropped by Lv. 40+ enemies. Three-star items can also be obtained by talking to certain characters, and can be found in mostly Precious and Exquisite Chests. With the exception of [[Mora]], they are rarely found in Common Chests. They can also be obtained by completing appropriate [[Domains]].

==4-Star==
Four-star items are the second-rarest items in the game. Four-star items come from events and are rewarded for completing [[World Quests]]. Four-star items can also be obtained from [[Gacha]]. This is also the first class of items to include [[Characters]] and [[Stella Fortuna]]. Four-star items can be found in Luxurious and Precious Chests. They are also dropped sometimes by Lv. 60+ enemies. The Spiral Abyss rewards 4-star items.

==5-Star==
Five-star items are the rarest items in the game. Five-star items come from events and are rewarded for completing [[World Quests]]. Five-star items are also rewarded from Luxurious Chests and appropriate domains. They can also be bought from [[Paimon's Bargains]]. Five-star items are very rarely found in Common Chests, with the exception of [[Primogems]]. Many of the top characters and weapons in the game come from this category.
[[Category:Game Systems]]