{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00453
|image         = Story Quest Ravaged by Wolves.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lupus Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = The Meaning of Lupical
|character     = Razor
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = Another Day as an Outrider!
|next          = Fate's Chosen Lupical
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
|characters    = Amber;Draff;Hopkins the Marvelous;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Ravaged by Wolves''''' is the third part of [[Razor]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lupus Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Meaning of Lupical]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Draff]]
#Investigate Clue{{Sic|}} (0/3)
#Calm the [[Springvale]] villagers down

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It seems that the "red, burny girl" was not Amber, as you had thought. But you receive news from [[Amber]] about wolf pack attacks in Drunkard Gorge. The wolf pack, the boy, the attacks... things are getting more complicated. This calls for a thorough investigation.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Draff)
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Oh dear... This is awful, poor lad can't even stand.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That's terrible!
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Except... he's not actually injured...
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Right. It's awful, the wolves frightened him so badly that he's paralyzed with fear.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That... really is awful.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Do you remember any significant details of what you saw?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 hopkinsthemarvelous 01.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' I&mdash;I've never seen a wolf in my life before today, it was terrifying...
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...No details then, huh?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 1 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Let's investigate the area again.

----

;(Investigating the massive claw marks)
:{{A|vo rzlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These claw marks...
:{{A|vo rzlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From them, we can tell the number and size of the wolves.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This time there were at least two wolves, and they must be...
:{{DIcon}} Be what?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, yes! They must be at least... two meters high!
:{{DIcon}} ...Paimon, you do know what a wolf is right?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Wolves are mysterious creatures, it's not like you see them every day.

;(Investigating the broken tooth)
:{{A|vo rzlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is a wolf's tooth.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He must have smashed into the door when he pounced.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it's calcium deficient.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, seems pretty lucky how no one in the village got seriously injured.

;(Investigating fur with something stuck on it)
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wolf fur... I heard that in Liyue they make calligraphy brushes out of this stuff.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The color looks nothing like Mondstadt wolf fur, based on what the books say. Could it be that they're from somewhere else entirely?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hair looks different at every place on the body, same applies to wolves. You don't know where it's from...
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But look at this&mdash;
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another hair. But what's that stuck to it?
:{{DIcon}} A seed.
:{{DIcon}} Is there something special about it?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's the seed of a Wolfhook berry. Look, there are little hooks on the seed.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The only places this grows in Mondstadt are Wolvendom and Brightcrown Canyon.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it's Wolvendom wolves after all?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' From that area, yes, but it could be that there are other wolf packs encroaching on their territory.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' This doesn't tell us everything, but it does give us a strong lead. Enough to start investigating.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 7 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I'll go and see to the villagers before we head off.

----

;(Calm the Springvale villagers down)
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 hopkinsthemarvelous 01.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' How is your investigation coming along?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash; You're standing!
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 hopkinsthemarvelous 02.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' I have recovered, thankfully. I managed to claw my way back out of the depths of hell.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 hopkinsthemarvelous 03.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' So, Knights of Favonius &mdash; what have you found out?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' From inspecting the wolf fur left at the scene, we can tell that the wolves came from Wolvendom. Beyond that, we don't know anything.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But please remain calm. I will head to Wolvendom shortly and get to the bottom of this.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The Knights of Favonius will not allow this danger to continue any longer.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 hopkinsthemarvelous 04.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' Good. Better late than never I suppose.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How rude!
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 hopkinsthemarvelous 05.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' In the meantime, we'll just have to keep dealing with this on our own.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Please, don't do anything stupid.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 hopkinsthemarvelous 06.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' Hah! We do things a bit differently around here, you Favonius lot probably aren't used to it. They will pay for what they've done!
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 hopkinsthemarvelous 07.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' Goodbye!
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' It's awful, it really is...
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is?
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Their future outlook, I mean.
:{{DIcon}} I agree.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Young people can be so impulsive sometimes. If it's not too much to ask, I hope you can keep an eye on them, stop them from getting into trouble.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's no trouble &mdash; that's what we're here for. Even though that guy really isn't much of a charmer.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Leave it to us.
:{{A|vo rzlq003 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Off to Wolvendom we go!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ravaged by Wolves
|zhs     = 所谓狼藉
|zhs_rm  = Suǒwèi Lángjí
|zht     = 所謂狼藉
|zht_rm  = Suǒwèi Lángjí
|zh_tl   = So-Called Mess
|ja      = 狼の痕跡
|ja_rm   = Ookami no Konseki
|ja_tl   = Traces of the Wolves
|ko      = 소위 낭자(狼藉)란…
|ko_rm   = Sowi Nangjaran...
|ko_tl   = So-called Disorder...
|es      = ¿Arrasado por lobos?
|es_tl   = Ravaged by Wolves?
|fr      = Attaque de loups
|fr_tl   = Wolf Attack
|ru      = Так называемый беспорядок
|ru_tl   = So-Called Mess
|th      = สิ่งที่เรียกว่าความยุ่งเหยิง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Về Dấu Tích Của Sói
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das sogenannte Wolfschaos
|de_tl   = The So-Called Wolfchaos
|id      = Kekacauan yang Disebut-sebut
|id_tl   = Mentioned Chaos
|pt      = Ataque dos Lobos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kurt Saldırıları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lupi all'attacco
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:¿Arrasado por lobos?]]
[[ja:狼の痕跡]]