{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Razor
|id             = 368109
|image          = Character Razor Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Razor''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hunting...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The smell...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Must get stronger...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Lupical...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Meat...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Looking... for me?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hello.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo razor mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Razor''' Hello, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo razor mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Razor''' Looking... for me?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Razor''' I like.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Razor''' The smell here... is your smell.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Razor''' Good smell. Smell of safety.
::{{DIcon}} What do I smell like?
:::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Razor''' Stars... The sea... Windwheel Aster.
::{{DIcon}} As long as you're adjusting to life here.
:::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Razor''' Ad&mdash;just&mdash;ing? Hmm... adjusting.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Razor''' Here, with you. I am happy.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Razor''' Sorry, not good at chat.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Razor''' Talking is hard. Hard to find right words.
::{{DIcon}} No worries. I understand what you're trying to say.
:::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 03a.ogg}} '''Razor''' Good... You are strong.
::{{DIcon}} I'll practice with you.
:::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 03b.ogg}} '''Razor''' Practice? Thank you.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Razor''' Okay, I try to... speak more.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Razor''' ...
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Razor''' I like grass more than floor.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Razor''' Floor is big, but hard. Grass is bigger... but it smells good.
::{{DIcon}} Here, you'd use "and"...
::{{DIcon}} "And" it smells good.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Razor''' Oh! "AND..." it smells good.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Razor''' I like your cooked meat. Better than raw meat.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Razor''' Raw meat sometimes makes my stomach hurt. Your cooked meat, smells good... AND... tastes good.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Razor''' I want to... eat more of your cooked meat.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Razor''' My words... are they alright?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Razor''' I want to guard, for you.
::{{DIcon}} You want to guard me?
:::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 02a 1.ogg}} '''Razor''' No, you are strong. Don't need to guard.
:::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 02a 2.ogg}} '''Razor''' I guard... home. For you.
::{{DIcon}} So you want to guard the house?
:::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 02b.ogg}} '''Razor''' Yes. Guard house, guard home.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Razor''' This place, your home.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Razor''' I come here, only a guest.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Razor''' But... you are my lupical.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Razor''' So here is also my home.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Razor''' I want to guard home.
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to guard the house.
::{{DIcon}} I'd rather you guarded me.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Razor''' Hmm... Okay. What you like, I like too!
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Razor''' Then, I guard you.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Razor''' No matter where you go. If there is danger...
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Razor''' I will come quickly, and protect you.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Razor.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Razor''' *grunt* Morning...
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Razor''' Hunt... must run. Need me, just shout.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Razor.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Razor''' Mmm... Night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo razor mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Razor''' If you can't sleep, call me over.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md razor kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Kitchen, ingredients... Confusing. In the forest, we don't use.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md razor kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I want to learn. Other than [[Puppy-Paw Hash Brown|hash browns]]... Can you teach me?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md razor kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' After making... Give to you and lupical to eat.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Idyllic Town===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md razor village 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Villages are for people.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md razor village 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Sometimes, I want to visit. If you are here, I am... not scared.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md razor village 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Thank you for bringing me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Razor/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Razor/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Razor/Compagnia]]
[[ja:レザー/仲間]]
[[ru:Рэйзор/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Razor/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Razor/Bạn Đồng Hành]]