{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41412
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|actNum        = III
|actType       = Part
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Missive of Cloud and Fog
|next          = Dream of Wind and Flowers
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*30,000
|characters    = Albedo; Barbara; Bennett; Diluc; Kaeya; Paimon; Razor; Rosaria; Sucrose; Timaeus; Traveler; Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Realm of Fog and Wind''' is the [[:Category:Event Quests|event quest]] for Part III of the [[Invitation of Windblume]] [[Event]].

==Steps==
# Go to the [[alchemy]] store
# Go to the [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp|campsite]] at the foot of [[Dragonspine]]
# Give the materials (3 [[Starsilver|Starsilver Ore]]) to [[Albedo]]
## Obtain {{Item|Wondrous Lovely Flower}}
# Give the Windblume to [[Sucrose]]
# Go to the [[Favonius Cathedral|Cathedral]] and talk to [[Barbara]]
# Go to the [[Thousand Winds Temple]]
# Defeat the [[Ruin Guard]]
# Look for [[Bennett]]
#* He is located behind a gate on the north side of the temple.
# Unlock the mechanism
# Talk to Bennett and [[Razor]]
# Go to the [[Angel's Share]]
# Leave Tavern

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]] cannot be entered during some parts of this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Venti keep pushing on for the sake of some good wine. Cold corners, perilous places, strange sites... who knows what incidents await the two of you? Even more interestingly, you begin to realize that there is no common understanding of what a "Windblume" is.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here! [[Timaeus]]' alchemy store.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 timaeus 01.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Oh, did you say my name?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Looks like I beat you here.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... did you do your homework, Timaeus? Hehehe... Paimon wants to hear it!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 timaeus 02.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Uh... So sorry, I haven't gotten around to it yet...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Timaeus! Might I ask how you're progressing?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 02a.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Huh? Traveler and friends! Oh, nice to see you again!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 timaeus 03.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Sucrose has me deciphering an alchemical recipe, but my brain is doing backflips. I... I just don't understand it!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' So, in other words... no progress?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 timaeus 04.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' *sigh* No.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ohh... Now that you mention it, I can't figure it out either.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Is alchemy really that mysterious?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But of course! Alchemy is an ancient and mystical discipline. Yet with the passage of time, those that can be said to have mastered its secrets go fewer and further between.
:{{DIcon}} Why not just ask the amazing Albedo?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yes! That was my thinking too, but I believe that Mr. Albedo is still painting on the mountain, and we've got lots of research to do... *sigh* There's no getting around it.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 timaeus 05.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' If you want my opinion, if Mr. Albedo can't figure out this recipe, nobody in Teyvat can. *sigh* Sucrose, what exactly is this recipe, anyway?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It's a Windblume recipe I transcribed from an ancient book.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! What if the Windblume isn't a naturally occurring plant after all, but an alchemical creation!?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh! Now that's an interesting take on the Windblume conundrum.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You misunderstand, the book doesn't say anything about it being a recipe for a Windblume! The book... *sigh* Well, actually... it doesn't exactly have the appearance of a book anymore.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It's badly damaged and lots of information is missing. Only a few pages of scattered notes from the original volume have survived. That and a recipe written in some unknown language.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' The author mentioned in the notes that the recipe was extremely precious. Timaeus and I are completely unable to decipher the content.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I know it might seem inconceivable, b&mdash;but... something about it being "extremely precious" made me think of Windblumes.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 timaeus 06.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Huh? But...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, that's an active imagination.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Traveler, if I may be so bold...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Could you take this recipe to Mr. Albedo?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 timaeus 07.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Mr. Albedo should be at the camp at the foot of the mountain.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahh, the mountain. Now there's a romantic location!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Windblume, the flower that alchemy made... Sounds exciting, Paimon needs to know the truth!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get going, Albedo, here we come!

;(Talk to Sucrose again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hehe! I've got high hopes!
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ancient alchemical methods are very complicated... I hope Mr. Albedo is able to decipher it!.
----
;(Talk to Albedo after arriving at the camp)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh? Traveler and Paimon? And who might this be?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is our Tone-Deaf Bard!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Venti will do just fine, but yes, I am a bard.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Greetings, I'm Albedo the alchemist.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The [[Windblume Festival]] is in full swing, people celebrating everywhere, and here you are all by yourself.
:{{DIcon}} Must be lonely.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well, with the Windblume Festival in full swing, as you say, why would you be out here looking for me?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're helping Sucrose!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sucrose gave us some paper, she says there's a Windblume recipe from an ancient text on it! Neither she nor Timaeus can understanding it, so we came looking for you!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' A Windblume recipe?
:{{DIcon}} Here.
:{{Black Screen|''Albedo reads the alchemical recipe...''}}
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I see. This is ancient language, it's no wonder Sucrose and Timaeus couldn't decipher it.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Even so, I don't believe this is a recipe for a Windblume.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what could it be?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I could only guess, I'm afraid. In order to reach a conclusion, we'll need to see the real thing.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 2 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Sadly, my hands are full right now. But I can give you a list of ingredients, if you'd like to go gathering?

;(Talk to Albedo again, before gathering materials)
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The recipe itself is from a forgotten era, but the thinking behind it is very innovative. Worth a try.
----
;(Talk to Albedo, after gathering materials)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Okay! Job done.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Great work. Let's have a look, shall we?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm, seems we have everything we need. Now for the alchemical process. This shouldn't take long.
:{{Black Screen|''Albedo walks over to the alchemy table and gets to work...''}}
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There we have it.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Is this the Windblume that Sucrose was talking about? It...
:{{DIcon}} ...Looks familiar.
:{{DIcon}} ...Smells familiar.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just a [[Sweet Flower]]!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Have a closer look. Are you sure it's the same as other Sweet Flowers?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... now that you mention it, why is this Sweet Flower so big...?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' So this is the "Windblume" created by following this ancient recipe.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Haha, it really does make me think of Sucrose.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh, it does seem like something she would like.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do Sweet Flowers this size even count as Sweet Flowers anymore?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I can say with certainty that yes, yes they do. Their essence is the same.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Sucrose said that she transcribed the recipe from an ancient book! Could it be that... there were Sweet Flowers around even in ancient times?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There were indeed Sweet Flowers in antiquity. This species has a long history.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously!? Have Sweet Flowers... r&mdash;really existed all that time!?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa!
:{{DIcon}} Definitely something that Sucrose would like.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well then, I must head further into the mountain &mdash; I still have painting to do. Perhaps you could pass this on?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 3 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, enjoy the celebrations.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Wondrous Lovely Flower}})
----
;(Talk to Sucrose)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, Sucrose! We've got something for you.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 timaeus 01.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Oh! You're back!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Timaeus, how's that homework coming along?
:;(Timaeus nods a few times)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Did you get the Windblume? Let me see, let me see!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here's the flower he created, but Albedo said it's just &mdash;
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Wah! It's just like the Windblume in my dreams!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...It's just a Sweet Flower!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No, no, hear me out! This is a perfect specimen from an ancient recipe. I saw it in my dreams...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' The Tetratanic Sweet Flower!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... th&mdash;the what now?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' The seeds of the Tetratanic Sweet Flower are four times bigger than those of ordinary Sweet Flowers, and the Sweet Flowers that grow from them are, well, Tetratanic Sweet Flowers.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Bigger, stronger, sweeter, and more beautiful &mdash; a perfect Teyvat species! Oh &mdash; and not to mention that the recipe comes from remote antiquity...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' A perfect, magnificent flower from the far-flung past. Whatever people say, this is my Windblume!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 timaeus 02.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Sucrose is... consistently Sucrose.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I must go and source some nutrients for my Windblume. Bye for now!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, who knew alchemy could generate such enthusiasm?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now, Timaeus... Your homework?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 timaeus 03.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Just finished, Sir. Here.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooooh, here we go &mdash; Paimon's favorite part!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Timaeus, may I recite it?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 timaeus 04.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Ah!? You're gonna read it out loud? Uhh...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, don't be embarrassed. *clears throat* Here we go~
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:'''
::"Hand in hand with you before the furnace
::The flames fail to rise
::For they are burning in my heart."
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Sounds so romantic... and you even tailored it to your profession! Great job!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Truly, a masterpiece beyond all expectation, Timaeus. You're a natural!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 timaeus 05.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Really...? Wow! I had no idea that someone like me could write love poems of any merit. It must have been Professor Venti's excellent guidance.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 timaeus 06.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Professor, as soon as I'm done here, I'll sort out my tuition fee!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahh, music to my ears, hehe!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now... that's job satisfaction. And I guess that's everyone's homework collected... no?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm....
:{{DIcon}} Hmm...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't we... missing someone?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Who could that be...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmmm... Oh!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where did [[Bennett]] run off to?
----
;(Talk to Barbara)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Barbara, we need to ask you something!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Traveler, Paimon, Mr. Bard!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Something terrible's happened. Bennett's gone missing!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Missing? You mean, he hasn't returned after leaving that day?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Yes... What if he's in danger? We have no idea where he is...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''[[Rosaria]]:''' ...The [[Thousand Winds Temple]].
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh? Rosaria!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' With you all in the Cathedral shouting at the top of your lungs, I could hear everything you were saying.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon remembers now, he said something like... "I've got it! The Thousand Winds Temple!"
:{{A|vo eqfh003 5 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' There's no time to lose, let's head to the temple and investigate.
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No trace of Bennett anywhere....
:{{A|vo eqfh003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that over there?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 6 bennett 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Voices?! Razor, someone's coming! Maybe they're here to save us?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 6 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Traveler, keep your eyes peeled for enemies...
----
;(Talk to Bennett without defeating the Ruin Guard)
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ugh, I can't believe someone would come up with such a sinister mechanism!
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' *sigh* Hungry.
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I still have an apple in my bag. Here, you can have it.
----
;(After defeating the Ruin Guard and finding Bennett)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! We're here! Bennett, we've come to the rescue... Whoa, this cell has two sections!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' See what I mean? Even they're surprised by this crazy cell!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lucky you two got locked on opposite sides...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh, what a superior design... and presumably an ancient mechanism is involved somehow?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' There's gotta be a mechanism around here somewhere. Quick, go look for it!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Stomach... rumbling...
:;(Bennett thinks for a few seconds)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...You just ate the apple from my bag!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You two seem to have adjusted well to life in prison, we can leave you here if you like?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 7 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' No no no no no, not funny! I'm begging you, alright? Please, find the mechanism!
----
;(After unlocking the mechanism)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aaaand open sesame!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah... Freedom at last!
:{{DIcon}} How did you get into this mess?
:{{DIcon}} Mechanism - 1, Bennett - 0
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Very... unexpected...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hahaha, I wouldn't call it unexpected. This was just a normal day for me.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Sorry.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah... no need to apologize, it wasn't even your fault.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, let's hear the story~
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Wait, what happened with that letter?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! It was just a false alarm, turns out some fans just wanted to get her attention so they could get a gift to her
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' What the...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That' terrible, what kind of a person does that!? I've been locked up here a whole day thanks to them!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' S&mdash;Sorry...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Don't be, Razor! I&mdash;I didn't mean... Like I said, there's nothing to apologize for!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It was my fault for being so hasty in the first place. I rushed off without giving the map a proper look and ended up in the completely wrong location... *sigh* After I left the Cathedral, I came straight to the area around the Thousand Winds Temple.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But there were monsters everywhere, not to mention Ruin Guards! You know &mdash; those huge things, I guess you've seen them before.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But as a first-rate adventurer, I was able to rely on my wits to evade them. Then I got to the temple itself...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The moment I arrived here, I heard a monster's roar!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon's guessed the ending already...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I remember thinking it must be some villainous trap the perpetrator had set for us. But was Bennett the adventurer, leader of Benny's Adventure Team about to back down? No way!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So I charged straight in! ...That's when I found him inside.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Razor, what were you doing at the Thousand Winds Temple?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' [[Wolvendom]]... many hunters.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Too noisy, so... I leave...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So you came all the way to the Thousand Winds Temple, then what? You were trapped by the mechanism?
:;(Razor nods)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' *grunts*
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Turns out it was no ordinary cell, what with the inner and outer sections. Of course, when I saw that Razor had been trapped inside, I had to rescue him... Then, all of a sudden...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...There was a huge crash as the other cell door came down.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, just as Paimon expected.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Anyway... why did you come to the Thousand Winds Temple?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Bennett, did you forget about your homework? I'm ready to collect my tuition fee, once I've collected it of course.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh! The love poem! Of course I didn't forget!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's not like I had much else to do, being stuck in this cell all day and all night, so at some point I just started working on it. It's all finished now, even Razor reviewed it.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah? Razor, how did he do?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 07.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Uh...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 08.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Don't understand words. But feel... warm, tingly...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 09.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Like... Wolfhook thorn...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Bennett, may I recite your work?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh... Sure! A taste of Bennett's wordsmanship, hehe.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay! A round of applause for Bennett!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:'''
:: "You and the [[Mare Jivari]]
:: So close and yet so far
:: One at the edge of the world
:: The other in the center of my heart
:: Wolfhook and dandelion
:: My Windblume offering to you."
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Wolfhook?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Y&mdash;Yeah... Not bad... right?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... it's definitely your style...
:{{DIcon}} Full of Adventurers' Guild spirit
:{{DIcon}} Down-to-earth, plenty of romance too.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' A marvelous work. Unpretentious and honest, sincere and evocative.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Thank you, thank you very much, Sir!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 10.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Bennett did good poem!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 22.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha, thanks to you too, Razor!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Congratulations! Nice job!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Wolfhook and dandelion...? Can they both be Windblumes?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 23.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, that was Razor's addition. I asked him: "What do you think the Windblume is?" Wolfhook was his answer.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 11.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Yes! Wolfhook... good.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, even berries count now?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' A novel take indeed.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 24.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah... I'm so happy, today was lucky.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 25.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Getting rescued against the odds, receiving praise for my poem... brilliant! Sir, as soon as we're back in Mondstadt, I'll buy you some wine!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bennett's pretty easy to please...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 26.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hahaha, that's not quite it. I'm always so unlucky... so I'll take what I can get!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 razor 12.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Yes! But... In future, be careful!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 27.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hey! You should talk! Hahaha...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Everyone, I have an announcement to make.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' All the poems from the fast-track class have now been collected!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So to celebrate, let's go to the tavern and have a drink!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 8 bennett 28.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm afraid Razor and I have to be going. He said he knows some relatively unknown areas worth exploring and wants to show them to me. Have a great time, though!
----
;(Upon entering Angel's Share)
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Charles! It's us!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Welcome, have a seat wherever you like.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh? Master Diluc?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh! I was about to finish this drink and go looking for you, but you've done the hard part for me.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Sure is lively in here!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It is the Windblume Festival after all. No one in Mondstadt who has the time and Mora is going to miss out on a trip to the tavern.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Traveler, will you have a drink?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, no pressure, it's not a requirement. Soaking up the festival atmosphere is the most important thing.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Master Jean wanted to me to pass along this message... You've been chosen as this year's Windblume Star! Quite the honor.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Windblume Star?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The Windblume Star is one of Mondstadt's greatest honors, normally only bestowed upon those who have made enormous sacrifices for Mondstadt... or who have truly proven themselves over the Windblume Festival period.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Since arriving in Mondstadt, you have offered invaluable support to its people. This is their way of saying thank you.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I know you will receive it gracefully. Oh yes &mdash; and another thing.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The Windblume Star must attend the Windblume Ceremony together with the Acting Grand Master. During the ceremony, you will represent the people of Mondstadt in making a Windblume offering to the Anemo Archon, Barbatos.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, which Windblume are you talking about?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hah, a good question. Diluc, care to explain?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Passing on messages and deliberating over ceremonial details... Sounds more like your line of work, Kaeya.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' *sigh* No sense of humor.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Traveler, the Windblume is always chosen by the Windblume Star. So the flower offered to the Anemo Archon for this year's celebrations... is entirely up to you.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... no pressure, huh?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hey, where's is the bartender? How come Master Diluc's mixing the drinks?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' If it's Charles you're after, he's out on delivery.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahahaha, and who is most directly responsible for creating the demand for an alcohol-delivery service at this time of the year in the first place?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...Hmph.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I see... So, what do you make of Master Diluc's mixing ability?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Why don't we ask the formidable Sister Rosaria... What do you think?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...He's not bad.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Formidable...? Did you guys have a fight?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'd call it... a misunderstanding. I caught sight of a suspicious figure hurtling by the Knights of Favonius Headquarters. Fortunately, I discovered that it was Miss Rosaria, and stayed my hand.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha! So the suspicious figure that day was Rosaria all along.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Folks in Mondstadt are on edge with you constantly on prowl. You're no ordinary sister, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Allow me to return the compliment, good Master Diluc. You're hardly a run-of-the-mill businessman yourself.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha... My, such a formidable wit, too. But really, is there any here among us today who can't be said to possess a talent or two?
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Even the celebrated Honorary Knight has graced us with their presence tonight. Truly, a good day for a drink.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well said! So Kaeya, about that tuition fee...
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Please collect the goods from Diluc. Three bottles, as promised. They didn't come cheap.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The better the wine, the higher the price... just economics.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' How are you enjoying the Windblume Festival, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} It's a fun time.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' That's good to hear.
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A toast, everyone. To a happy Windblume Festival and the free people of Mondstadt. Cheers!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 together 01.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Cheers!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha, what a festival. Now, this won't drink itself!
:{{A|vo eqfh003 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tone-Deaf Bard, spare a thought for other people! Paimon's looking for good food, not just good drink!
----
;(Talk to Kaeya)
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I was going to say, isn't it about time the tavern menu had a few starters and mains? What's a drink without something on the side?
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph... easier said than done.

;(Talk to Rosaria)
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...Taverns are so much more fun than Cathedrals. Speaking of which, doesn't everyone get time off for festivals like this? Why doesn't the Church give us time off?

;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo dialog eqfh003 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I doubt Charles is nimble enough to handle both.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Springvale has a Windblume tradition where young hunters go to Wolvendom try to catch foxes and then release them with flower wreaths on their heads.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Allan|c=during Invitation of Windblume}}</ref> This is likely the source of the increased noise that bothered Razor.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Realm of Fog and Wind
|zhs     = 雾与风之境
|zhs_rm  = Wù yǔ Fēng zhī Jìng
|zht     = 霧與風之境
|zht_rm  = Wù yǔ Fēng zhī Jìng
|zh_tl   = Realm of Fog and Wind
|ja      = 霧と風の境
|ja_rm   = Kiri to Kaze no Sakai
|ja_tl   = Boundary of Fog and Wind
|ko      = 안개와 바람의 세상
|ko_rm   = Angae-wa Baram-ui Sesang
|ko_tl   = World of Fog and Wind
|es      = Frontera de Mist y viento
|es_tl   = Frontier of Fog and Wind
|fr      = Royaume du brouillard et du vent
|fr_tl   = Realm of Fog and Wind
|ru      = Царство тумана и ветра
|ru_tl   = Kingdom of Fog and Wind
|th      = เขตแดนแห่งหมอกขาว และสายลม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Realm of White Fog and Wind
|vi      = Khung Cảnh Sương Và Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Reich von Nebel und Wind
|de_tl   = Realm of Fog and Wind
|id      = Dunia Kabut dan Awan
|id_tl   = Realm of Fog and Cloud
|pt      = Reino da Neblina e do Vento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sis ve Rüzgar Diyarı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Regno della nebbia e del vento
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:霧と風の境]]
[[pt-br:Reino da Neblina e do Vento]]
[[ru:Царство тумана и ветра]]