{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Lore
|region = Teyvat
}}
A '''realm of consciousness''' is a domain built on a person's consciousness which is separate from the world of [[Teyvat]]; however, events that occur within a realm of consciousness can affect the outside world. Little is known about how realms of consciousness work, and [[Yae Miko]] describes them as "very abstract concept[s]" surrounded by chaos.<ref name="RS">{{Ref/Quest|Radiant Sakura}}</ref>

==Overview==
As its name suggests, a realm of consciousness is a physical space which contains a person's consciousness. It can be accessed via an entrance, which takes on a form that relates to its owner. The interior of a realm of consciousness is also influenced by its owner's memories.

A person's realm of consciousness can exist even after their physical body perishes, and the person can maintain their sense of self even after their death. However, such a realm cannot be preserved indefinitely, and the owner is unable to perceive the state of the outside world or the passage of time.<ref name="RS" />

==Story==
[[Makoto]]'s realm of consciousness was preserved by [[Ei]] after the former's death during the [[cataclysm]],<ref name="Cleansing Light">{{Ref/Quest|Cleansing Light}}</ref> and its entrance takes the form of a torii gate. Although Ei sealed the entrance, [[the Shogun]] eventually unlocked it when their wills opposed each other to allow them to fight each other at full strength.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Farewell to the Past}}</ref> Unbeknownst to Ei, Makoto had used her realm of consciousness so Ei could one day understand her vision of "Eternity," after which her remaining consciousness within the [[Musou Isshin]] would be awakened to give Ei the seed of the [[Sacred Sakura]]. After Ei planted the Sacred Sakura in the realm of consciousness, it took root in Inazuma's past, allowing it to protect [[Inazuma]] by absorbing the filth from the cataclysm. Afterwards, Makoto's strength and consciousness was expended, and her realm of consciousness disappeared.<ref name="RS" /> The [[Dream Sakura]], which the [[Traveler]] obtained from Makoto's realm of consciousness, continues to exist in a quasi-physical form that can be seen but is intangible.

As part of the plan to rescue [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] from her imprisonment in the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]], the Traveler entered her realm of consciousness, as she had closed off her consciousness to prevent [[Il Dottore]] from accessing her mind via the [[Akasha]]. The entrance to her realm of consciousness took the form of a newly sprouted tree branch.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Jnagarbha Day}}</ref>

[[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]'s realm of consciousness was left behind after her death in the cataclysm and its entrance took the form of a Knowledge Capsule, which was opened after Lesser Lord Kusanali used the power of the Electro [[Gnosis]]. The Gnosis provided some protection against the forbidden knowledge corruption in Rukkhadevata's remaining consciousness. Because Rukkhadevata herself had been contaminated by forbidden knowledge during the cataclysm, her connection to [[Irminsul]] meant that it could not be healed so long as the memory of her persisted. After Kusanali erased Rukkhadevata's existence and remaining consciousness, her realm of consciousness disappeared. Without Rukkhadevata's tainted existence, Irminsul was healed and everything caused by its contamination, such as [[Eleazar]], disappeared.<ref name="boat">{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Realm of consciousness<!--Do not capitalize, not a proper noun-->
|zhs     = 意识空间 / 意识的空间
|zhs_rm  = Yìshi Kōngjiān / Yìshi de Kōngjiān
|zht     = 意識空間 / 意識的空間
|zht_rm  = Yìshi Kōngjiān / Yìshi de Kōngjiān
|zh_tl   = Realm of consciousness
|ja      = 意識空間 / 意識の空間
|ja_rm   = Ishiki kuukan / Ishiki no kuukan
|ja_tl   = Realm of consciousness
|ko      = 의식 공간
|ko_tl   = Consciousness Realm
|es      = Plano de conciencia / Espacio de la consciencia
|es_tl   = Plane of consciousness / Space of the consciousness
|fr      = Domaine de conscience
|fr_tl   = Domain of consciousness
|ru      = Пространство сознания
|ru_tl   = Space of Consciousness
|th      = อาณาเขตแห่งจิตสำนึก
|th_rm   = A-na-khet haeng Chitsamnuek
|th_tl   = Realm of consciousness
|vi      = Không gian ý thức
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bereich des Bewusstseins / Dimension des Bewusstseins
|de_tl   = Zone of Consciousness / Dimension of Consciousness
|id      = Alam kesadaran
|id_tl   = Realm of consciousness
|pt      = Reino da consciência / Espaço da consciência
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Zihin diyarında / Bilinç alanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Regno della coscienza / Spazio della coscienza
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.5}}

==See Also==
* [[Plane of Euthymia]], Ei's personal domain housing her consciousness and which she likens realms of consciousness to
* [[Sub-Space Creation]], a technique used by the [[adepti]] to create personal abodes separated from the world

==References==
{{Reflist}}