{{Stub|Flesh out the walkthrough, merge chests into walkthrough}}
{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Realm of Snaring Illusions.png
|type         = Quest
|description  = A wondrous space hidden within The Chasm's depths. It is a key location filled with many mysteries.
|quest        = End of the Line (Quest)
|quest_type   = Archon
|region       = Liyue
|area         = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|subarea      = The Chasm's Bed
|requiredAR   = 28
|trial        = Yanfei,Yelan,Xiao
}}
'''Realm of Snaring Illusions''' is a [[Quest Domain]] during {{Quest|End of the Line (Quest)}}.

==Chests==
* Common Chest &times;1
* Precious Chest &times;1

==Walkthrough==
There are 5 nodes on the compass, which corresponds to 5 different areas. Rotating the needle to a specific node allows access to the corresponding area through the gate.
# Defeat opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*2;Treasure Hoarders: Crusher}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Handyman*2;Treasure Hoarders: Scout}}
# [Optional] Investigate the nearby spot to get [[Note of Unknown Origin: I]].
# Destroy the plant next to the compass by attacking it.
# [Optional] Detonate the two {{Color|Geo [[Exploding Barrel]]s}} near the rocks.
# Rotate the Needle Forward on the compass and go through the gate.
# Defeat opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer;Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Fatui Pyro Agent|x=1}}
# Pull the lever to open the tunnel gate.
# [Optional] Investigate the nearby spot to get [[Note of Unknown Origin: II]].
# [Optional] Follow the railroad in the back up to find a Common Chest. If the path is blocked, Rotate the Needle Backward to return to the previous area and destroy the two exploding barrels.
# Rotate the Needle Forward on the compass and go through the gate. If the needle is blocked by a tree, Rotate the Needle Backward to return to the previous area and destroy the plant.
# On the fight against the shadowy figure, wait until dialogue ends
# [Optional] Investigate the nearby spot to get [[Note of Unknown Origin: III]].
# Rotate the Needle Backward three times (to the most on the left) on the compass and go through the gate. If the compass is blocked by the tunnel gate, return to the previous area and pull the lever.
# [[Note of Unknown Origin: IV]] will be received after the cutscene.
# Rotate the Needle Backward on the compass and go through the gate.
# Investigate the [[Fantastic Compass|compass]] on the floor.
# Leave the domain

===Enemies===
{{Enemy List|x=0|<!--
-->Treasure Hoarders: Scout;<!--
-->Treasure Hoarders: Crusher;<!--
-->Treasure Hoarders: Handyman;<!--
-->Treasure Hoarders: Scout;<!--
-->Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer;<!--
-->Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire;<!--
-->Fatui Pyro Agent<!--
-->}}

==Trial Characters==
{{Transclude|End of the Line (Quest)|Trial Characters}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=domain}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/ibE7x0LSe0w
|caption1 = Realm of Snaring Illusions Guide
}}

==Trivia==
* Unlike most domains, this domain has a day and night cycle.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Realm of Snaring Illusions
|zhs     = 迷错幻渺之境
|zhs_rm  = Mícuò Huànmiǎo zhī Jìng
|zht     = 迷錯幻渺之境
|zht_rm  = Mícuò Huànmiǎo zhī Jìng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 錯迷幻杳の境
|ja_rm   = Sakumei Gen'you no Tokoro{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Space of Disordered Illusions and Shadows
|ko      = 착란과 몽환의 영역
|ko_rm   = Changnangwa Monghwan-ui Yeongyeok
|ko_tl   = Area of Confusion and Fantasy
|es      = Dominio de la Ilusión
|es_tl   = Domain of the Illusion
|fr      = Royaume des illusions piégées
|fr_tl   = Realm of Trapped Illusions
|ru      = Царство коварных иллюзий
|ru_tl   = Realm of Insidious Illusions
|th      = แดนพิศวงลวงตา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lạc Lối Ảo Cảnh
|vi_tl   =Lost in Phantasmagoria 
|de      = Land der fesselnden Illusionen
|de_tl   = Land of the Fettering Illusions
|id      = Alam Jeratan Ilus
|id_tl   = Realm of Illusion Trap
|pt      = Domínio das Ilusões
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kıstıran Yanılsamalar Diyarı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Reame delle illusioni insidiose
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}

[[ja:錯迷幻杳の境]]