{{stub}}
{{About|the lore term|the gameplay system known as "The Realm Within"|Serenitea Pot}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Lore
}}
The '''three realms''' in the world of [[Teyvat]] are the elemental [[Light Realm]], the abyssal [[Void Realm]], and the [[Human Realm]] created by the [[Primordial One]]. Rather than being distinct locations, the three realms appear to be concurrent facets of the world that can coexist in the same space, although an area may be dominated by one realm's power while other areas keep the three realms' influence in balance.

The three realms have analogous concepts for their respective powers: the Human Realm's [[Ley Lines]], the Light Realm's elemental currents, and the Void Realm's dark currents.<ref name="3Realms-1">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref> However, little concrete information is known about any of these three manifestations of the realms' powers.

==Overview==
In the beginning, the Light Realm and Void Realm existed in diametric opposition to each other. When the Primordial One descended on this world, it vanquished the [[Seven Sovereigns]] of the Light Realm and subjugated both nature and the Light Realm.<ref name="LS:Light Realm">{{Ref/Loading|Light Realm}}</ref> It then proceeded to create the Human Realm, including gods<ref name="ByaColl4">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref> and humanity.<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref>

On the continent of Teyvat, creatures of the Human Realm coexist with creatures of the Light Realm, also known as elemental beings, although the two realms tend to have conflicts. The [[Abyss Order]] and other monsters of the [[Abyss]], however, seek to tear down the human world and by nature are dangerous to elemental beings. As a result, the other two realms may cooperate to halt the Void Realm's encroachment.<ref name="LS:Light Realm" /><ref name="3Realms-1" />

==Trivia==
*It is possible that the Human Realm was built over the Light Realm, or at least using the Light Realm as a base:
**The Light Realm is stated to have "fallen under the dominion of humanity."<ref name="LS:Light Realm" />
**Sangacorallia break down the Light Realm's elemental currents into something more palatable for the Human Realm,<ref>{{Ref/Wildlife|Coral Butterfly}}</ref> whereas Bathysmal Vishaps were eventually able to grow [[Orobashi]]'s coral despite initial rejection due to Orobashi's Human Realm origins.<ref name="ByaColl4" /> This indicates that these two realms are not mutually exclusive, whereas the Void Realm's power has only been shown to be destructive or corruptive towards creatures of the other two realms.
**The term {{lang|"elemental flow"|zh=元素流}} has been used to describe the movement of elemental energy in the Human Realm.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sparks Amongst the Pages}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Shadow Over Mondstadt}}</ref> The Light Realm's {{lang|elemental currents|zh=元素奔流}}<ref name="3Realms-1" /> modifies the word {{lang|mini=1|zh=流|zh_tl=flow}} with {{lang|mini=1|zh=奔|zh_tl=rapid, rushing,}} thus creating {{lang|mini=1|zh={{wt|奔流||Chinese}}|zh_tl=racing current, torrent.}} This further indicates that the difference between the Human Realm and the Light Realm, at least when it comes to the elements, is the volume of elemental power they can handle.

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}