{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Reckoning of the Xenogenic.png
|set   = Obsidian Codex
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A flower meticulously carved from black crystal. It emits a mysterious light at night.}}
'''Reckoning of the Xenogenic''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Obsidian Codex]].

==Description==
In the days when the [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|dispossessed divine envoy]] fell into [[Night Kingdom|realms devoid of light]], and when the ruler newly returned destroyed the blasphemous citadel,<br><!--
-->Many stories transpired that were never recorded or eulogized in any human history.<br><br><!--
-->In the [[Natlan|kingdom]] of [[Dragon|vishaps]] lucky enough to survive when [[Great War of Vengeance|heaven and earth collapsed]], isolated by a vast sea of red soil,<br><!--
-->Where their kin could only scrape by, impoverished, in the expanse of the [[Dark Sea|desolate sea]], they enjoyed freedom by the grace of the [[Xiuhcoatl|one who ruled over flames]].<br><!--
-->And yet the wisdom of fire had already been seized by the tide of [[Abyss|feculent darkness]], only its gray corpse shambled on.<br><!--
-->To maintain dragonkind's remnant might, their blind, foolish heirs took violence for the rule of law.<br><!--
-->In this land of cinder soon to vanish, upon which the sun had set, only one [[Kukulkan|"human"]] cast their gaze toward the begloomed future.<br><br><!--
-->"I see light fall upon the rootless earth, the dragons prostrating before their [[Nibelung|ruler]]'s deathbed."<br><!--
-->"I see great wisdom, great art, great civilization &mdash; and all shall perish."<br><!--
-->"But endless cycles are the [[Heavenly Principles|law of the world]], and history will not cease on account of our sorrows."<br><!--
-->"But tragic are my kin, for they see not how their folly serves to aid history's iron rule."<br><!--
-->"Servants today shall be rulers tomorrow. Past slaves shall be future masters."<br><!--
-->"Our race is mired in spiraling contradiction inexorable. Only in sowing seeds shall we find salvation."<br><!--
-->"Perhaps, out there in the abundant primordial wilderness, there is a land that has yet to know the touch of filth and decay."<br><br><!--
-->Thus, passing through searing flame and raging wind, it took as-yet unextinguished [[Phlogiston|primordial kindling]] from the ancient palace beneath the magma.<br><!--
-->Bearing the hopes of another race, the wisest of dragons bid farewell to the [[Ancient Sacred Mountain|splendorous city]] ineffable.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Reckoning of the Xenogenic
|zhs      = 异种的期许
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 異種的期許
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 異種の期待
|ja_rm    = Ishu no Kitai
|ja_tl    = <!--Expectations of the Other???-->
|ko       = 이종의 기대
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Anhelo Xenogénico
|es_tl    = Xenogenic Longing
|fr       = Représailles des aberrants
|fr_tl    = Reprisals of the Aberrants
|ru       = Ожидания инородцев
|ru_tl    = Expectations of the Foreigners
|th       = Reckoning of the Xenogenic
|vi       = Kỳ Vọng Của Dị Chủng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Erwartungen der Anderen
|de_tl    = Expectations of Others
|id       = Reckoning of the Xenogenic
|pt       = Julgamento Primordial
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yabancı Yaşamların Beklentileri
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Restituzione xenogenica
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Obsidian Codex}}

[[fr:Représailles des aberrants]]
[[ja:異種の期待]]
[[th:Reckoning of the Xenogenic]]
[[uk:Ксеногенна реституція]]
[[vi:Kỳ Vọng Của Dị Chủng]]
[[zh:異種的期許]]