{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = Record of Serial No.png
|type       = Lore
|req        = [[Cryptic Message in Dragonspine]]
|region     = Mondstadt
|area       = Dragonspine
}}
{{Quote
|For the nation, we can't forgo this skyborne power, but we failed.
|Decoded message<ref name="msg">Reddit: [https://archive.ph/o3Hww How it was solved, archived] ([https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/kiwr5p/can_someone_solve_this_mystery_pls_here_is_all/ggu1nfo/ live link])</ref>
}}

In the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] "[[Cryptic Message in Dragonspine]]," nine recordings are obtained, these were deciphered by fans to create the above message.<ref name="msg" />

==Method of Deciphering==
#The messages are ordered by the serial number of the Ruin Guards in ascending order.
#*This is based on the observation that the first digit of all the serial numbers are unique, and can be ordered from 1 to 9.
#Dashes (-) separate the code into three-character strings.
#*For example, the first three-character string would be "3.2".
#".", "2", and "3" are converted into "0", "1", and "2" respectively, based on the ternary (base 3) numeral system.
#*This is based on the observation that the highest three-digit number in ternary (222) is 26 in decimal, which is the number of letters in the English alphabet.
#*For example, "3.2" becomes "201".
#Those ternary numbers are converted into decimal.
#*For example, converting the ternary number 201 into decimal, we get 2×3<sup>2</sup> + 0×3<sup>1</sup> + 1×3<sup>0</sup> = 19.
#These decimal numbers are converted into letters, where A=1, B=2, C=3, and so on.
#*For example, the decimal number 19 becomes "S".
#The resulting message is further decoded by applying the ROT13 cipher: replacing each letter with the 13th letter after it in the alphabet.
#*For example, the letter "S" becomes "F".

In JavaScript, this can be decoded using the following algorithm:
{{Not a typo|<syntaxhighlight lang="javascript">
function decodeCharacter(character) {
  character = character.replace(/[.23]/g, s => ".23".indexOf(s)) // convert '.23' into '012'
  var number = parseInt(character, 3);                           // convert from base-3 to base-10
  number  = (number + 13) % 26;                                  // Caesar cipher
  return String.fromCharCode(96 + number);                       // the ASCII character code of 'a' is 97
}

function convertRecord(record) {
  return record
    .replace(/-$/, "")     // remove trailing "-"
    .split("-")            // break into characters on "-"
    .map(decodeCharacter)  // decode each character
    .join("");             // join characters into string
}

var records = [
  "3.2-..3-.23-.32-32.-3..-",         // Record of Serial No. HU-16180
  "..2-223-.32-322-..3-..2-",         // Record of Serial No. HU-21030
  "2.2-3..-232-223-..2-.32-",         // Record of Serial No. HU-31122
  "3.2-..3-.23-3.3-..3-",             // Record of Serial No. HU-42318
  ".32-32.-322-.3.-",                 // Record of Serial No. HU-57104
  ".3.-33.-22.-23.-..3-.23-..2-3..-", // Record of Serial No. GN/Hu-68513
  ".2.-..3-2.2-3..-.23-",             // Record of Serial No. HU-73011
  "23.-.33-.32-2.2-3..-",             // Record of Serial No. HU-81122
  "3.2-223-322-332-3..-233-"          // Record of Serial No. HU-96917
];

console.log(records.map(convertRecord).join(" "));
// forthe nation wecant forgo this skyborne power butwe failed
</syntaxhighlight>}}

==Notes==
*Though it might have been thought that the records somehow relate to the fall of [[Sal Vindagnyr]] and have some connection to [[Celestia]] and the [[Skyfrost Nail]], Ruin Guards are in fact an invention of [[Khaenri'ah]], so the record may instead refer to the fall of that civilization and have nothing to do with Dragonspine at all.

==References==
{{Reflist}}