{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101992
|image        = Item Record.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A stone slate that you found at the highest point of the [[The Mausoleum of King Deshret]]. This seems to be a record left by a lost civilization.
|source1      = [[Dual Evidence]]
}}
'''Record of Aaru's Shut''' is a Quest Item during the World Quest ''[[Dual Evidence]]''.

==Text==
It has been a long time. The scarlet flowers in my residence have bloomed, wilted, then bloomed again. The primary form of [[Aaru]] is nearing completion.<br />
It won't be long before Aaru becomes capable of encompassing the desert in its entirety, just as [[Scarlet King|Lord Al-Ahmar]] had prophesied.<br />
This way, Lord Al-Ahmar's unbending ambition will finally be realized.

When that day comes, I will be able to see my mother's smile again.<br />
My mother was always prejudiced against Lord Al-Ahmar. She was of the opinion that he was the cause of the calamity in [[Gurabad]]. But this was not the case.<br />
She seemed to have forgotten that it was Lord Al-Ahmar who promoted me, the product of a tryst between a fugitive and a maid, to be the architect of Aaru.<br />
To a person with a background such as mine, this was an exceptional honor.

No king loves his people more than Lord Al-Ahmar does.<br />
It was precisely because he was saddened by the disaster that took my father's life that he made the decision to build Aaru in order to prevent such a thing from happening again.<br />
I firmly believe this.

The mortal plane is like a river between the underworld and Aaru. Mortals must not cross, must not probe, must not covet, or they shall descend into the underworld forever.<br />
In order to ascend to Aaru, one must have a body like that of a vulture and soar above the underworld. One should peck at three different organs in order to obtain the consent of Al-Ahmar, and fly across the river in the form of a falcon.<br />
After flying across the river in falcon form, one must burn the embers of the sun at three places using feathers. Only through this may one obtain the mercy of Al-Ahmar and ascend to Aaru.

Here's to hoping that wisdom lives on in Khaj-Nisut, that all descendants of the desert will ascend to Aaru, and that Gurabad will be restored to its former glory.<br />
I hope that all this will leave an everlasting legacy.

Wait. I just heard a loud explosion. Maybe I should go check...

(The messy scrawling abruptly ends here.)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Record of Aaru's Shut
|zhs     = 阿如的倒影的记录
|zhs_rm  = Ārú de Dàoyǐng Jìlù
|zht     = 阿如的倒影的紀錄
|zht_rm  = Ārú de Dàoyǐng Jìlù
|zh_tl   = Records of Aaru's Reflection
|ja      = アアルの影の記録
|ja_rm   = Aaru no Kage no Kiroku
|ja_tl   = Records of Aaru's Reflection
|ko      = 아루의 그림자 기록
|ko_rm   = Aru-ui Geurimja Girok
|ko_tl   = Aaru's Shadow Record
|es      = Registro de la Sombra de Aaru
|es_tl   = Record of the Aaru's Shadow
|fr      = Registre du Clos d'Aaru
|fr_tl   = Register of Aaru's Shut
|ru      = Записи Отражения Аару
|ru_tl   = Records of Aaru's Reflection
|th      = บันทึกของ Aaru's Shut
|th_rm   = Banthuek khong Aaru's Shut
|th_tl   = Records of Aaru's Shut
|vi      = Ghi Chép Về Hình Bóng Của Aaru
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Aufzeichnung von Aarus Spiegelbild
|de_tl   = Records of Aaru's Reflection
|id      = Catatan Aaru's Shut
|id_tl   = Notes of Aaru's Shut
|pt      = Registro da Reflexão de Aaru
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Aaru Gölgesi Kaydı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Testimonianza sulla shut di Aaru
|it_tl   = Testimony About Aaru's Shut
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}