{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101990
|image        = Item Record.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A stone slate that you found in the Tomb of Carouses. This seems to be a record left by a lost civilization.
|source1      = [[Desert's Remembrance]]
}}
'''Record of the Tomb of Carouses''' is a Quest Item obtained during the [[World Quest]] ''[[Desert's Remembrance]]''.

==Text==
The Sheep, the Bird, and the Crocodile<br /><br />
The tame and kind sheep chief sent seven lambs to look for the freshest grassy meadows and water.<br /><br />
The wise bird ran into the seven lambs and asked them where they were headed.<br /><br />
The immature lambs confided everything, telling the bird their destination.<br /><br />
"We have heard whispers of your wisdom on the wind. Since you can see far in the sky, could you tell us where fresh meadows and water lie?"<br /><br />
The immature lambs did not know that the clever bird also wanted to wash and groom its feathers in a meadow with a water source.<br /><br />
"Little lambs, go north, far from the burning sun. I think the water and grass there are the freshest."<br /><br />
The leader of the lambs believed what the bird said. When they reached the north of the north, they stood in front of a crocodile covered in armor.<br /><br />
The crocodile opened its huge maw, not to devour the lambs, but to ask them why they had come to such a desolate place.<br /><br />
"The wise bird told us that we can find the freshest water and grass here."<br /><br />
"The bird has used its wisdom to direct you to the wrong path, but I will not do the same."<br /><br />
The crocodile shed tears in sympathy for the lambs' plight, and decided to escort them back to their homeland.<br /><br />
On their way back, the wise bird ran into the lambs again, and was astonished by the crocodile's kindness.<br /><br />
"I am ashamed of the misuse of my wisdom. Please allow me to accompany you to meet the sheep chief."<br /><br />
When the sheep chief saw with alarm that nine figures had appeared, the crocodile opened its huge maw.<br /><br />
Oh, what juicy intestines! What sweet and crunchy stomachs! Splattering flesh!<br /><br />
What free-flowing blood! Eyeballs, so close at hand to pluck!<br /><br />
The crocodile shed tears once again, and spoke of the tameness and kindness of the sheep chief.<br /><br />
This story tells us not to trust the meek, nor the wise, nor those who shed tears.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Record of the Tomb of Carouses
|zhs     = 饱饮之陵的记录
|zhs_rm  = Bǎoyǐn zhī Líng de Jìlù
|zht     = 飽飲之陵的紀錄
|zht_rm  = Bǎoyǐn zhī Líng de Jìlù
|ja      = 飽飲の霊廟の記録
|ja_rm   = Houin no Reibyou no Kiroku{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 포식의 릉 기록
|ko_rm   = Posik-ui Reung Girok
|es      = Registro de la Tumba del Festín
|fr      = Registre de la Tombe des ribotes
|ru      = Записи кургана Пиршеств
|th      = บันทึกของสุสานเริงสำราญ
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Ghi Chép Của Lăng No Say
|de      = Aufzeichnung vom Mausoleum des Trunks
|id      = Catatan Tomb of Carouses
|pt      = Registro da Tumba do Festim
|tr      = Alem Mezarı Kaydı
|it      = Testimonianza sulla Tomba delle Baldorie
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}