{{Character Infobox
|image            = RedHairedWarrior.png
|region           = Mondstadt
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
}}
The '''red-haired warrior''' was a key member in the rebellion against [[Decarabian]] in [[Decarabian's Mondstadt|Old Mondstadt]]. He was friends with the [[Nameless Bard]], the wind spirit who would become [[Barbatos]], [[Amos]],<ref name="Windless">{{Ref/Quest|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land (Quest)|note=Cinematic}}</ref><ref name="AB">{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref> and an unnamed knight (possibly [[Gunnhildr]]).<ref name="FS">{{Ref/Weapon|Freedom-Sworn}}</ref>

==Profile==
The red-haired warrior was a wanderer<ref name="FS" /> and eventually came to live in Old Mondstadt under Decarabian's dictatorial rule. Discontent with the god's reign, he was one of the first to plan the resistance against the God of Storms and used the secret sign of Windblume to communicate with like-minded people.<ref name="WO">{{Ref/Weapon|Windblume Ode}}</ref>

Around 2,600 years ago,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|3}}</ref> with the aid of [[Gunnhildr]] and the [[Gunnhildr Clan]],<ref>{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref> a full-scale rebellion rose up in Mondstadt. Alongside the Nameless Bard, the wind spirit, Amos, and the knight, he stormed the terror and confronted Decarabian personally.<ref name="AB" /><ref name="FS" /> Decarabian was slain in the ensuing battle, but the Bard and Amos were fatally wounded as well; the knight props up the Bard as they witness the fall of the old god.<ref name="Windless" />

With the death of an old god in the midst of the [[Archon War]], and with Decarabian's rival [[Boreas]] choosing to pass over the position, the elf was selected as one of [[The Seven]] [[Archon]]s and ascended to godhood, assuming the name Barbatos and the form of the late Bard. For reasons not completely clear, the red-haired warrior then turned his back on Barbatos.<ref name="WO" />

It is heavily implied that the [[Ragnvindr Clan]] are his descendants,<ref name="WO" /> though the clan takes its name from [[Ragnvindr]], who &mdash; like the red-haired warrior &mdash; raised the flag of rebellion against the tyrannical aristocracy 1,600 years after the fall of Old Mondstadt.

===Appearance===
The red-haired warrior has similarities with [[Diluc]] or the other Ragnvindr; he has a long red hair and fur-coat leather coat with a red gem on the ascot. He has a small red goatee.

==Trivia==
* It was originally assumed that the knight in [[Amos' Bow]] was the red-haired warrior, as ''The Boy and the Whirlwind'' and Amos' Bow both only depicted four people in the group that led the rebellion, including one with distinctive red hair. In [[Version 1.4]], the description for [[Windblume Ode]] referred to him as the red-haired warrior. In [[Version 1.6]], [[Freedom-Sworn]] made the rebels a group of five with the red-haired warrior a separate character from the knight, leaving the knight's identity a mystery. Considering Gunnhildr's involvement in the rebellion was only brought up in the [[Biography of Gunnhildr]] up until this point, she may have been retroactively added into the group.

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:赤髪の騎士]]
[[pt-br:Guerreiro Ruivo]]
[[uk:Рудий Воїн]]