{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Raiden Shogun
|ARReq          = 40
|keyReq         = 1
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|next           = Transient Dreams
}}
'''Reflections of Mortality''' is the first act of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] learns that something is off with [[the Shogun]] and decides to investigate.

==List of Quests==
# [[The Lonesome Euthymia]]
# [[To Traverse the Mortal Plane]]
# [[The Fabric of Constancy]]
# [[To Hear Mortal Hearts]]

==Summary==
===The Lonesome Euthymia===
Arriving at the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]], the Traveler and Paimon find [[Thoma]], [[Kujou Kamaji]] and [[Ippei]]. Thoma and Kamaji are concerned about the recent state of Inazuma, as the Shogun wishes to have some private time. Meanwhile, the thunderstorms that surround and cut off Inazuma from the rest of Teyvat appear to be getting closer to the nation. The Shogun does not wish to see anyone as she reflects, causing the two some concern. In addition, the revelation of [[Kujou Takayuki]]'s collusion with the [[Fatui]] and his poor health have caused the [[Kujou Clan]] to lose control over their vassals as a new Commissioner must fill the vacancy. Kamaji then takes his leave to find [[Takatsukasa Susumu]], who he believes can help the Kujou Clan out. Paimon then suggests to take the Shogun out in public to quell their fears and tells the Traveler to go to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] to meet with [[Yae Miko]].

Arriving at the shrine, the Traveler explains to Yae the situation. Yae believes that the Shogun's will has somewhat changed as a result of her battle with them, but nonetheless gives them the Pass Permit required to see her, reminding them to give it back to her when they're done. Heading to [[Tenshukaku]], they show the pass to [[Takeshi]] and enter, finding the Shogun herself pacing around the room. The Shogun initially mistakes them as a trespasser, and the two's attempts to talk with her don't go so well. Suddenly, Ei's speaks and brings them to her plane.

Inside, Ei tells her that she has disabled most of the Shogun's functions, hence why she is acting strange. She explains that the Shogun still follows the old protocols which she is trying to change. As the puppet had been designed to be resistant to drastic changes, it is why she is only allowing Yae to see her. Paimon then tells her about the thunderstorm outside Inazuma, surprising Ei. The Traveler then tells her about the storm and the chaos in the [[Tenryou Commission]]. Ei states that she can fix the thunderstorm with a small change to the Shogun. The Traveler then asks her about her view of Eternity, which she can see, but is also seeing plenty of complications on the way. Paimon then suggests she get a change of pace and the Traveler invites her for a walk out to quell the peoples' fears, which she accepts, moving her consciousness from the plane to the real world.

===To Traverse the Mortal Plane===
Outside, Ei remarks that the market has changed, although it was expected. The people are immediately surprised to see the Shogun out in person, but she still insists on finishing the walk to relax. On the way, Paimon asks Ei if she has [[Mora]], who remarks that she doesn't - as an Archon, she never bothered going out, and even then, had the Tenryou Commission get items she needed. Paimon is surprised that she doesn't have [[Venti|Mora]] [[Zhongli|either]], prompting Ei to ask what she meant by that, but Paimon does not divulge. Ei notes that the liveliness she was told is not around, but Paimon tells her that people wouldn't dare act strange in front of the Shogun. As they continue walking, Ei notices [[Tomoki]]'s stall and takes an interest in it.

Tomoki is surprised and humbled to see the Shogun visiting his stall and shows her what he sells. Paimon notices [[Milk]] and believes it is ordinary, but Tomoki states that it is [[Dango Milk]], something he made to draw customers in as a newcomer. The three try the drink, and to Tomoki's surprise, Ei enjoys it. Ei then asks how well it sells, and Tomoki states that sales are average, as despite being popular among those who try it, others are stubbornly hesitant and he was going to scrap the product, but the Shogun's praise has him reconsider. Ei then remembers that Yae had always talked to her about her [[Yae Publishing House|business]] and asks the Traveler to take her there.

[[Kuroda]] is surprised to see the Shogun and initially believes that she is checking up on the business permits, only to learn that she just wishes to read some novels. He is worried they don't have anything for her tastes, but Ei states that there aren't any worries about it. Kuroda then sends them off to the nearby shelf as it contains all the best-sellers. Ei is unable to comprehend the novels however, as she expected stories to be based on true facts and not fiction. Nonetheless, she states that despite her unwillingness to make much change, she should not hamper the lives of humans for her pursuit of eternity and has enjoyed the trip. Paimon then suggests taking a photo so she could cherish the memory.

===The Fabric of Constancy===
The Traveler and Paimon find a spot for a good photo. Ei is nervous about making a mistake, but the Traveler tells her to act natural as they take a photo and give it to her. Ei is surprised at the photo and wonders who is who, but the two remind her that while there is only one of her, she can exist in multiple forms, like her Shogun puppet. Ei accepts this logic and states that Inazuma has changed drastically than as to what she remembers and that she might have held on too tightly. They suddenly hear Ippei's voice down below, calling for Kamaji.

Heading down to meet him, Ippei is surprised to see the Shogun, who explains that they came down to see what the matter was about. Ippei states that he is worried for Kamaji's safety, as he hadn't come back from negotiations with the Takatsukasa Clan. While he knows that he does take the occasional long walk, he is particularly bothered this time due to the current state of turmoil in the clan. Therefore, Kamaji thought to pass the mantle to the Takatsukasa Clan due to their loyalty. However, rather than holding the meeting at headquarters, they chose to do so at one of their bases. He does not wish to intervene due to his position and the concern that negotiations are taking longer than usual, but Ei states that it was her problem for not addressing it in time. Ippei marks the location on the map and continues his search in the city.

===To Hear Mortal Hearts===
Arriving at the base, Ei immediately becomes suspicious at the well-hidden location and suspects Kamaji is in trouble. As they explore, they find ronin inside, surprising Paimon as the base is Tenryou Commission property. Reaching the end, they find Susumu with several guards and Kamaji, surprising both parties. Ei demands Susumu to explain the secrecy and hiring of ronin, who claims it was for security purposes. Kamaji states that Susumu was trying to force a confession out of him labeling the crimes of the Kujou Clan, which he acknowledges as true, but to also claim that the Takatsukasa Clan had fought against the injustices. Ei states that she gave the role of the Tenryou Commissioner based on who could beat her in a duel, which the founder of the Kujou Clan had done, and that if the Takatsukasa Clan wished to replace them, they would need to duel her. Susumu refuses to out of fear along with his retainers, which Ei notes as hypocrisy as Susumu was eagerly talking about giving up his life for the Shogun. Kamaji challenges her to a duel, knowing that while he is outmatched, he wishes to atone for his father's misconduct. Ei finds it pointless but accepts nonetheless; in the ensuing duel, she easily knocks him out. She then orders Susumu and his retainers to take care of Kamaji and that they dare not deceive her next time or she would cut them down. As they leave, Ei asks the Traveler to meet her outside for a talk.

Outside, Ei states that the experience has been drastic for her and that if she had the Shogun duel Kamaji, he would have died. She also notes that while Kamaji is not a great heir, he still retains part of the Kujou traits she remembered - honor. While she is still intent on punishing them, she decides to give them additional time. She thanks the Traveler for the experience as she leaves to meditate in her realm. Paimon then reminds the Traveler to bring the Pass Permit back to Yae. Returning to Yae, they tell her of the trip. Yae is amused but thanks the Traveler for accompanying Ei, as while she may not admit it, she enjoys their company, as they are not of this world - if they want to visit Ei again, they are free to visit her for it.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Reflections of Mortality|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Reflections of Mortality
|zhs     = 影照浮世风流
|zhs_rm  = Yǐng Zhào Fúshì Fēngliú
|zht     = 影照浮世風流
|zht_rm  = Yǐng Zhào Fúshì Fēngliú
|zh_tl   = Reflections of the Elegance of the Fleeting World
|ja      = 泡影照らし浮世の風流
|ja_rm   = Houei Terashi Ukiyo no Furyuu
|ja_tl   = Elegance of the Transcient Illuminating World of the Living
|ko      = 그림자에 비춰진 부세의 풍경
|ko_rm   = Geurimja-e Bichwojin Buse-ui Punggyeong
|ko_tl   = Transitory World Landscape Reflected by Shadow
|es      = Reflexiones sobre lo mortal
|es_tl   = Reflections of the Mortal
|fr      = Reflets de la mortalité
|fr_tl   = Reflections of Mortality
|ru      = Размышления о бренности
|ru_tl   = Reflections of Transience
|th      = ภาพสะท้อนแดนมนุษย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Reflection of the Human World
|vi      = Phản Chiếu Trần Gian
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Spiegelung der Welt der Sterblichen
|de_tl   = Reflection of The Mortal World
|id      = Refleksi Dunia Fana
|id_tl   = Reflections of Mortal World
|pt      = Reflexões sobre a Mortalidade
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Faniliğin Yansımaları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Riflessioni sulla mortalità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Reflexiones sobre lo mortal]]
[[ja:泡影照らし浮世の風流]]