{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma

|affiliation      = Yougou Tengu
|group            = Tengu
|child            = Teruyo
}}
{{lang|'''Reizenbou'''|ja=霊善坊}}<ref name="Redhorn">{{Ref/Weapon|Redhorn Stonethresher}}</ref> was the Great [[Tengu]] of the [[Yougou Tengu]] five hundred years ago, the mentor of the [[Yougou Three]], and the mother of [[Teruyo]]. She was close with the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] and became the kitsune's bodyguard after being beaten in a race. Following her failure to protect the Kitsune Saiguu during the [[cataclysm]], Reizenbou went on a self-imposed exile.

Reizenbou was the original wielder of [[Thundering Pulse]] before she gave it to [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] as a result of their bet. The [[Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates]] was her final abode.

==Profile==
Reizenbou was rather rambunctious and enjoyed fighting.<ref name="ShiRem">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}</ref> She was also said to be impatient.<ref name="ThunPulse">{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref>

==Story==
At an unknown point after the Great Tengu [[Sasayuri]] died, Reizenbou became the chieftain of the Yougou Tengu. She was presumably close with [[Makoto]] and [[Ei]], as she was bestowed with the bow [[Thundering Pulse]].<ref name="ThunPulse" />

At some point in time, Reizenbou and the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] had a race; while the Kitsune Saiguu won, she suspected that Reizenbou had allowed her win. Following the Kitsune Saiguu's victory, Reizenbou became her bodyguard.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring}}</ref> According to the [[Otogi King|Otogi Kongou Lion King]], the wielder of the [[Redhorn Stonethresher]], Reizenbou was also familiar with him.<ref name="Redhorn" />

Before the [[cataclysm]], Reizenbou served as a mentor for the [[Yougou Three]], a group consisting of [[Asase Hibiki]], [[Kamuna Harunosuke]], and [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]], who traveled to Mt. Yougou to learn the Tengu arts.<ref name="ShiRem"/><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail}}</ref> Among the techniques she taught them was "true 'magic.'"<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Hamayumi|Lore}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas (Quest)}}</ref> During their tutelage with Reizenbou, Asase and Kamuna also became familiar with the Kitsune Saiguu and the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Faction)|Grand Narukami Shrine]].

Around the same time, [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] became her servant in exchange for possession of Thundering Pulse as a result of their bet coming to a draw.<ref name="ThunPulse" /> She taught him Tengu archery, which was apparently a skill she did not teach the Yougou Three, seeing as Takamine later taught it to Asase as to not waste his archery skills.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Storm Cage}} description</ref>

Reizenbou gave birth to a daughter, [[Teruyo]], around the time she was mentoring the Yougou Three.<ref name="ShiRem" />

===The Cataclysm===
When the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago struck, causing monsters corrupted with Abyssal powers to rampage across [[Teyvat]], Reizenbou was among those who helped combat the monsters. At some point presumably during this time, she and the Kitsune Saiguu went to the [[Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates]]. While exploring the ruins under [[Araumi]], Asase and Kamuna found traces of their presence.<ref>Interactable: [[Earth Kitsune Statue#Araumi|Earth Kitsune Statue]] (in front of the Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates)</ref> However, the Kitsune Saiguu eventually lost her life and disappeared. Out of rage at her own inability to prevent the fox envoy's sacrifice, Reizenbou went on a self-imposed exile in the Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates, leaving Teruyo behind and refusing to emerge before humanity ever again.<ref name="ShiRem" /><ref>{{Ref/Domain|Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates}}</ref><ref group="Note">The English translation of the phrase "and this would later become the cage in which they ([[Yougou Three]]), having despaired, spent the rest of their days." in the description of Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates has somewhat deviated from the original Chinese {{zh|后来成了此人灰心之后虚度余生的樊笼，沉入了海下}}. The phrase {{zh|此人|lit=this person}} is an archaic expression which is almost always used as a singular. Therefore, a more plausible interpretation would be "Thereafter, [this boat] became the house of seclusion (lit. bird cage) in which this person (Reizenbou), having despaired, spent the rest of of her days in vain and [the boat] finally sunk into the sea."</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Reizenbou
|zhs     = 灵善坊
|zhs_rm  = Língshànfáng{{Assumed}}
|zht     = 靈善坊
|zht_rm  = Língshànfáng{{Assumed}}
|ja      = 霊善坊
|ja_rm   = Reizenbou
|ko      = {{tt|산령|山靈}} {{tt|선방|善坊}}
|es      = Reizenbou
|fr      = Reizenbou
|ru      = Рэйдзэмбо
|th      = Reizenbou
|vi      = Reizenbou
|de      = Reizenbou
|id      = Reizenbou
|pt      = Reizenbou
|tr      = Reizenbou
|it      = Reizenbou
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Reizenbou]]
[[ru:Рэйдзэмбо]]