{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20700
|type          = Commission
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Tsarevich
|npc           = Tsarevich
|other         = 
*Completing all of Tsarevich's commission variants flawlessly grants the achievement [[Perfectionist]].
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Mora|5,000|caption=(if flawless)}}{{Card|Mora|1,000|caption=(if flawed)}}
}}
'''''Reliable Helper''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]. The commission is from [[Tsarevich]]. He is held up in his marketing ventures due to dangerous monsters ahead.

Choosing and clearing one of the sections that he gives you will complete the commission. He will grant you an additional reward based on your performance.

Completing all of Tsarevich's different tasks flawlessly (which requires completing the commission multiple times) grants the ''[[Snezhnaya Does Not Believe in Tears: Series I]]'' achievement ''[[Perfectionist]]''.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Tsarevich]].
#*Choose one location: foot of the mountains, mountainside, or mountaintop.
#Defeat the [[Hilichurls]] as requested by Tsarevich.
#*Foot of the mountains: Defeat the enemies and come back within 1 minute for flawless completion.
#*Mountainside: Do not destroy the crates for flawless completion.
#*Mountaintop: Defeat the [[Blazing Axe Mitachurl]] first, followed by the [[Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl]], and finally the [[Anemo Samachurl]] for a flawless completion.
#Report to Tsarevich.

==Gameplay Notes==
* For the task at the mountainside, if the cargo is destroyed, Tsarevich will be displeased regardless of who or what destroyed the cargo. The following is advised:
** The hilichurls should be lured away as far as possible.
** Players should avoid fighting during a [[thunderstorm]], as lightning strikes can destroy the cargo.
** Players should avoid using ranged attacks and Pyro attacks so that any errant strikes do not hit or burn the cargo.
* For the one-minute challenge at the foot of the mountain, the timer starts '''as soon as dialogue with Tsarevich is exited'''. Once dialogue begins with Tsarevich, a task must be accepted, so any preparations for the one-minute challenge, such as those listed below, should ideally be done '''before''' initiating dialogue with Tsarevich. Additionally, there is no countdown timer displayed on screen, so it is recommended that players complete the objective directly, without interacting with anything unnecessary before completing the commission.
** This quest can be completed in [[Co-Op Mode]]. As such, any player(s) besides the host can wait at the enemies' spawn location to kill them while the host waits at Tsarevich, thus eliminating all travel time. However, in Co-Op Mode, enemies' stats, including their HP and ATK, are [[Co-Op Mode#Co-Op Scaling|scaled]] with the number of players in the world, so any player(s) besides the host must be sufficiently strong to take down the enemies quickly enough.
** A [[Portable Waypoint]] can be placed directly next to Tsarevich so that the player can teleport directly to him the moment the enemies die and the quest objective changes to Talk to Tsarevich, skipping most of the travel time back.
** It is advisable to defeat the [[Hilichurl Shooter]] that is on the elevated plane above Tsarevich to prevent it from getting [[aggro]]ed when returning to Tsarevich, which would render the player unable to talk to him immediately.
** It may be best to reduce [[Stamina]] consumption using any combination of [[Food]], characters with sprinting stamina passives such as [[Kaeya]], and the [[Impetuous Winds]] Elemental Resonance. Using a tall character to run is also advised, as tall characters cover more ground for the same amount of stamina and time. Other characters who travel quickly, such as [[Mona]] and [[Ayaka]] with their [[Alternate Sprint]]s, [[Sayu]] with the hold version of [[Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash]], and [[Yelan]] using [[Lingering Lifeline]] may also be used.
** The location at the "foot of the mountain" is southeast of Tsarevich at ground level. There are [[Dendro Vines]] that block most of the path at two points between the target location and Tsarevich. While there is enough room for the player to avoid the Dendro Vines, it may be easier to burn the vines ahead of time so that the player can run uninterrupted, especially since there is a [[Dendro Samachurl]] (unrelated to the quest) along the way that may spawn more Dendro Vines to block the player.
* There is a bug where players who failed to fulfill the objectives can start up Tsarevich's fail dialogue, close the game, and then re-enter to get the perfect dialogue. <!--bug still exists as of 2021-08-10-->
* In a later update to the Mountaintop option, the Hydro Samachurl was changed to an Anemo Samachurl. It was possibly changed in order to make it easier to complete flawless, since killing the Hydro Samachurl last was difficult as it could heal both of the first two monsters.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}
[[Tsarevich]] will grant an additional 5,000 [[Mora]] for a job done to his exact specification, or 1,000 [[Mora]] for deviating from his specification.

==Enemies==
;Foot of the mountains {{Enemy List|Blazing Axe Mitachurl;Hilichurl Shooter*3}}

;Mountainside {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Fighter*3;Unarmed Hilichurl*2}}

;Mountaintop {{Enemy List|Blazing Axe Mitachurl;Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl;Hydro Samachurl}} or {{Enemy List|Anemo Samachurl}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Snezhnayan merchant [[Tsarevich]] is looking for a dependable person to help him resolve a few problems.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Tsarevich''': What awful luck. These Knights of Favonius are really...
:{{DIcon}} Is something wrong?
:'''Tsarevich''': Hmph! These Knights of Favonius have no sense of efficiency at all. They said that there were monsters ahead, and wouldn't let me pass.
:'''Tsarevich''': But even now, I still haven't received anything more concrete from them. What an unreliable lot...
:'''Tsarevich''': I still have so many matters to attend to. Do they have any idea how much money they're costing me?
:'''Tsarevich''': Still... Well, you look like an adventurer, don't you? How about this &mdash; would you be willing to do a little something for me? I'll pay you.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Tsarevich''': Wonderful. I love straightforward people. You will be well rewarded once the deed is done, I guarantee it.
:{{DIcon}} How much are you offering?
::'''Tsarevich''': Hah, that will depend on the manner of your deeds. If you do well, I will see to it that you are well rewarded.
:'''Tsarevich''': Perhaps my eyes deceive me, but the hilichurls around Mondstadt seem to have grown more numerous. Who knows what these so-called Knights are doing all day?
:'''Tsarevich''': Since you've agreed to aid me, then you can help to drive off me. Yet, you are only one person. Hmm...
:'''Tsarevich''': Forget it. Pick one of these areas to clean out yourself: the peak, side or foot of the mountain.
:'''Tsarevich''': It's all hilichurls no matter where you go, so there's no difference. Now go, and don't waste my time.
:{{DIcon}} I'll take the foot of the mountains.
::'''Tsarevich''': The foot, is it? There's not much down there, just a bunch of hilichurls. They're not much of a threat, but they are an eyesore.
::'''Tsarevich''': Go and take care of them all. For such a simple task, I'll give you... one minute. That should be enough.
:{{DIcon}} I'll head for the mountainside.
::'''Tsarevich''': Ah, there's some cargo of mine that I had intended to transport back and sell on the mountainside.
::'''Tsarevich''': But now, not only have the roads been blocked, but the area where I stored my cargo has also been occupied by hilichurls.
::'''Tsarevich''': Fortunately, they don't have a good eye for value, and didn't touch my goods.
::'''Tsarevich''': Now go and clear them out, and remember not to touch my cargo. Those boxes break easily.
::'''Tsarevich''': *sigh* With these roads being blocked, those goods probably can't be sold anymore...
:{{DIcon}} I'll go for the mountaintop.
::'''Tsarevich''': The group of hilichurls on the mountaintop are the hardest to deal with. I used to go there to relax, but now I dare not even venture close. Very unfortunate.
::'''Tsarevich''': Well, you look quite capable, so I suppose it'll be a fitting task for you.
::'''Tsarevich''': Remember, that big blockhead with the axe has to go first. Watching him walk around all full of himself just makes my blood boil.
::'''Tsarevich''': Then there's the one that waves its big shield around in your face. What an eyesore...
::'''Tsarevich''': Finally, you want to take out those with the long staves... What do they call them, again? Samachurls? Either way, they don't look so tough...
::'''Tsarevich''': In any case, get rid of them all. Get them out of my sight.
----
;(After accepting the commission)
:'''Tsarevich''': What misfortune. The road is impassable, my goods can't be moved, and I can't even take a good walk.
:'''Tsarevich''': What in the world do the Knights do with their time, anyway?
:'''Tsarevich''': Hmph. If this was Snezhnaya...
----
;(After defeating the hilichurls)
:'''Tsarevich''': So. Have you done as I asked?
;(If foot of the mountains, under 1 minute)
:{{DIcon}} Done and dusted.
::'''Tsarevich''': So soon? In less than a minute, even! You're quite good. Quite good indeed, hahaha!
::'''Tsarevich''': Good, good. 5000 Mora, and not one Mora less. Take it.
::'''Paimon''': "Quite good," and all we get is 5000 Mora...
;(If foot of the mountains, over 1 minute)
:{{DIcon}} That's a wrap.
::'''Tsarevich''': Dragging your feet, just like the Knights of Favonius. I gave you a minute! Did you forget, or did you not listen in the first place?
::'''Tsarevich''': No attention paid, even to such simple details... 1000 Mora it is. Do with it what you will.
::'''Paimon''': 1000 Mora? So little!?
;(If mountainside, preserving the cargo)
:{{DIcon}} Of course.
::'''Tsarevich''': Not bad, not bad. Not a box was damaged, either &mdash; you know what you're doing.
::'''Tsarevich''': Here, take this 5000 Mora. If the opportunity come, let us do business again.
::'''Paimon''': All that work, just for 5,000 Mora...
;(If mountainside, destroying the cargo)
:{{DIcon}} It's done.
::'''Tsarevich''': Did you mishear me, or are you hoping that I'll let this slide? Huh?
::'''Tsarevich''': I told you not to break those boxes, and you broke this many? Can they even be sold at this point?
:{{DIcon}} I didn't see any goods...
::'''Tsarevich''': It was those boxes! Those were my goods! Why do you think I would stack them up outside anyway otherwise?
::'''Tsarevich''': Forget it. Forget it! I have nothing to say to attention-deficient louts like you. Here's 1000 Mora &mdash; Take it and be off!
::'''Paimon''': 1000 Mora? That's way too little!
;(If mountaintop, in the correct order)
:{{DIcon}} That's a wrap.
::'''Tsarevich''': Not... Not bad at all, you...
::'''Tsarevich''': Forget it, I'll say nothing more. Take this 5000 Mora. We Snezhnayan merchants always deliver as promised.
::'''Paimon''': So Snezhnayan merchants only deliver 5000 Mora, huh...
;(If mountaintop, in the wrong order)
:{{DIcon}} It's done.
::'''Tsarevich''': ...I watched you work from the side, you know.
::'''Tsarevich''': But are you just used to doing things at your own pace, or did you not pay any heed to the order I gave you at all?
::'''Tsarevich''': Do you know? In Snezhnaya, we say that we "deliver as promised."
::'''Tsarevich''': I pay you to do things for me, and every word that I say has meaning.
::'''Tsarevich''': You did complete the task, but these results... I can only give you 1000 Mora at most. Take it and go.
::'''Paimon''': What? 1000 Mora? What can we even use that for?
::'''Tsarevich''': Hmph. Too little, you say? You didn't even do the job right. This 1000 Mora is more than sufficient.
;(If perfectly)
:'''Tsarevich''': Don't you get picky, now. I calculated this remuneration very carefully, and it is commensurate with the work.
:'''Tsarevich''': One must do great things to earn great rewards. If we have the chance to meet again, you can try your luck then.
;(If not)
:'''Tsarevich''': How much do you expect for a job done like that? This is the pay you deserve &mdash; now take it!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/gx8jwDesPpU
|caption1 = "Perfectionist" Achievement Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/yA9aWSszheg
|caption2 = "Perfectionist" Achievement Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Reliable Helper
|zhs     = 说到做到！
|zhs_rm  = Shuōdào-Zuòdào!
|zht     = 說到做到！
|zht_rm  = Shuōdào-Zuòdào!
|zh_tl   = What is Said Will Be Done!
|ja      = 有言実行！
|ja_rm   = Yuugen-Jikkou!
|ja_tl   = Carrying Out My Words!
|ko      = 한번 한 말은 반드시 지킨다!
|ko_rm   = Hanbeon Han Mal-eun Bandeusi Jikinda!
|ko_tl   = I Will Keep What I Said Once!
|es      = ¡Lo prometido es deuda!
|es_tl   = What's Promised is Debt!
|fr      = Faire ce que l'on dit
|fr_tl   = To Do What One Says
|ru      = Сказано - сделано!
|ru_tl   = It's Been Said and Done!
|th      = พูดแล้วต้องทำให้ได้!
|th_rm   = Phut Laeo Tong Thamhai Dai!
|th_tl   = What's Been Said Has to Be Done!
|vi      = Nói được làm được!
|vi_tl   = If It Can Be Said, It Can Be Done!
|de      = Gesagt, getan!
|de_tl   = Said and Done!
|id      = Dapat Diandalkan
|id_tl   = Can Be Relied
|pt      = Ajudante de Confiança!
|pt_tl   = Reliable Helper!
|tr      = Güvenilir Destek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'aiutante affidabile
|it_tl   = The Reliable Helper
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:¡Lo prometido es deuda!]]
[[fr:Faire ce que l'on dit]]
[[pt-br:Auxiliar de Confiança]]
[[ru:Сказано - сделано!]]