{{EventTabs}}
{{Stub}}
{{Event
|name              = Reminiscent Regimen
|image             = Reminiscent Regimen.png
|type              = In-Game
|type2             = Co-Op
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-04 10:00:00
|time_end          = 2022-08-15 03:59:59
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/6533766
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/22608
}}
{{Description|Mirages that derive from various adventure experiences have quietly appeared somewhere in the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]. Face the challenges within them and hone your adventuring skills!}}
'''Reminiscent Regimen''' is an upcoming [[Event]] in [[Version 2.8]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* 2022/08/04 10:00 - 2022/08/15 03:59

===Requirements===
* [[Adventure Rank]] 32 or above
* Complete the quest "[[Summertime Odyssey: I]]"

===Summary===
* During the event, head to the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] and face the challenges within mirages. Complete designated challenges and accrue as many points as possible to obtain rewards such as [[Primogem]]s, [[Hero's Wit]], [[Talent Level-Up Materials]], and [[Mora]].
* The "Reminiscent Regimen" challenge has three themes: Descent, Raid, and Convoy. Each theme has 2 challenges respectively and 6 levels in total. After the event begins, one challenge level will be unlocked each day. Travelers can participate by forming a custom Co-Op party or select [[Co-Op Mode]] to begin matching.
* Each challenge theme also has unique challenge objectives. Complete them and obtain a specific amount of points to obtain rewards such as Primogems, Hero's Wit, Talent Level-Up Materials, and Mora. Travelers can confirm the challenge objectives for each challenge on the Score Details page in Challenge Details.
* The Descent challenge requires Travelers to start from a platform high in the sky and begin a descending assault. Defeat all opponents on various floating platforms and reach the sea surface within the time limit to complete the challenge.
* The Raid challenge requires Travelers to navigate your [[Waverider]] to reach a certain sea region, board floating platforms, and defeat all opponents on them within a time limit to complete the challenge.
* The Convoy challenge requires Travelers to protect a [[Driftstone Raft]] that will automatically move towards a destination. If the Raft reaches its destination within the time limit without being destroyed, the challenge is a success.

==Challenge Levels==
===Descent: Dual Pressures===
Unlocks 2022-08-04 10:00
<!--
;Scoring Target
{|class="article-table"
!Target
!Points
|-
|
|
|}

;Rewards
{|class="article-table"
!Missions
!style="width: 250px|Rewards
|-
|
|
|}
-->

===Descent: High-Pressure Lightning Strike===
Unlocks 2022-08-05 4:00
<!--
;Scoring Target
{|class="article-table"
!Target
!Points
|-
|
|
|}

;Rewards
{|class="article-table"
!Missions
!style="width: 250px|Rewards
|-
|
|
|}
-->

===Raid: Swift Assault===
Unlocks 2022-08-06 4:00
<!--
;Scoring Target
{|class="article-table"
!Target
!Points
|-
|
|
|}

;Rewards
{|class="article-table"
!Missions
!style="width: 250px|Rewards
|-
|
|
|}
-->

===Raid: Joined Forces===
Unlocks 2022-08-07 4:00
<!--
;Scoring Target
{|class="article-table"
!Target
!Points
|-
|
|
|}

;Rewards
{|class="article-table"
!Missions
!style="width: 250px|Rewards
|-
|
|
|}
-->

===Convoy: Breakout Operation===
Unlocks 2022-08-08 4:00
<!--
;Scoring Target
{|class="article-table"
!Target
!Points
|-
|
|
|}

;Rewards
{|class="article-table"
!Missions
!style="width: 250px|Rewards
|-
|
|
|}
-->

===Convoy: Steady Progress===
Unlocks 2022-08-09 4:00
<!--
;Scoring Target
{|class="article-table"
!Target
!Points
|-
|
|
|}

;Rewards
{|class="article-table"
!Missions
!style="width: 250px|Rewards
|-
|
|
|}
-->
<!--
==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = 
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp1     = 
|mission2 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp2     = 
|mission3 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp3     = 
}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Reminiscent Regimen
|zhs     = 追想练行
|zhs_rm  = Zhuīxiǎng Liànxíng
|zht     = 追想練行
|zht_rm  = Zhuīxiǎng Liànxíng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 追憶練行
|ja_rm   = Tsuioku Rengyou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = {{tt|회상|回想}} 속 {{tt|계행|<!--戒行?-->}}
|ko_rm   = Hoesang Sok Gyehaeng
|ko_tl   = Penance in Reminiscence
|es      = Entrenamiento reminiscente
|es_tl   = Reminiscent Entertainment
|fr      = Exercice réminiscent
|fr_tl   = Reminiscent Exercise
|ru      = Воспоминания о практике
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = รําลึกความหลัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Hồi Tưởng|回想}} Rèn {{tt|Luyện|練}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Reminiszenzführung
|de_tl   = Reminiscence Stewardship
|id      = Berlatih Bernostalgia
|id_tl   = Reminiscing Exercise 
|pt      = Enfrentamento Reminiscente
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}