{{About|the ancient civilization|the area|Sea of Bygone Eras}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Ancient Civilizations
|type2        = Lore
|region       = Fontaine
}}
'''Remuria''' was the civilization in [[Fontaine]] which directly preceded the previous Hydro Archon [[Egeria]]'s rule. It was created by the [[God]] [[Remus]], who was known by his people as the God King. Its capital city was Capitolium,<ref name="Fall of Remuria">{{Ref/Book|The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria}}</ref> and its Imperial emblem was the [[Sybilla|golden bee]].<ref>{{Ref/Book|La Chanson d'Erinnyes|1|}}</ref>

After a period of prosperity known as the golden age (or Pax Remuria<ref>[[Viewpoint/Gradus ad Capitolium]]</ref>), Remuria eventually fell due to Remus' attempts to avert its prophesied destruction; particularly, by his sharing of power and authority with the four human Harmosts he had appointed to govern the empire.<ref name="Fall of Remuria" /> Records of the "[[Golden Troupe#Lore|Golden Troupe]]," which existed during this era, were largely lost during Remuria's sudden destruction; based on [[Rene]]'s research, however, [[Jakob]]'s unique physical constitution appears to relate to the Golden Troupe in some way.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Book of Esoteric Revelations}}</ref>

Remuria, its people, and Remus himself would eventually sink [[Sea of Bygone Eras|deep underwater]].

==History==
Remuria's creation, golden age, and downfall are recorded in ''[[The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria]]'', which was written 100 years after its destruction.

After the "first era" &mdash; likely the era of the unified civilization &mdash; humanity began to covet that which belonged to [[Celestia]] and attempted to break away from their fates. As punishment, their cities were destroyed by tsunamis and then buried underwater after 100 days of rainfall, which "drowned all sin and arrogation" and forced humanity to rebuild civilization. In Fontaine, no true civilization was built for a long time &mdash; long enough that the civilization of [[Gurabad]] in [[Sumeru]] rose and fell. This was until Remus, a god hailing from Sumeru, arrived in Meropis and taught the people there how to build houses, farm, and appreciate the arts, especially music. Declaring himself God King, Remus established the empire of Remuria above the waters of what is now Fontaine, conquering the other islands in the region until even the "great dragon beneath the abyssal depths" yielded to him.<ref name="Fall of Remuria" />

Remus believed that so long as the "harmonious symphony of prosperity" continued to play, Remuria would prosper forever. He set about perfecting his civilization, paying particular attention to the capital city, Capitolium.<ref name="Fall of Remuria" />

However, Remuria was prophesied to face "the most utter destruction" and its people to return to the primordial sea. To escape the [[prophecy]], Remus aimed to eliminate all which might bring about such destruction or who resisted his rule: namely, [[Lochfolk]]s, [[Vishap]]s, and the "barbarian" natives of Fontaine. Next, he mixed the primordial water with an immortal stone to create a Golden Ichor which would contain the souls and minds of his people. He then placed the Ichor full of souls into Golems, creating bodies made of stone with Ichor for blood which would allow his people to survive the coming flood. Remus also attempted to replace the entirety of the Primordial Sea with his golden Ichor.

Upon witnessing the decline of his symphony, Remus conversed with the dragon Scylla in private. Remus requested Scylla carry out Remus's final symphony, or "Requiem": for Phobos to self-destruct, and for Scylla to deal with whatever monstrosities happened following its destruction. He made a deal with [[Scylla]], where the latter eventually led a rebellion of barbarians and vishaps against Remuria under Remus's request.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|page=Song of Stillness}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Gradus ad Capitolium}}</ref> In response and unaware of the priors' plans, Boethius ordered the destruction of all the "barbarian tribes," which plunged Remuria into ceaseless war and rebellion and abruptly ended its golden era. The agony of the barbarian tribes awoke the sleeping Remus,<ref>{{Ref/Arti|page=Golden Bird's Shedding}}</ref> who realized his wrongdoing as Remuria was being destroyed and gave his final order in an attempt to save the empire. However, it was too late—Boethius saw his retreat as a betrayal and rallied the last of Remuria's armies to steal the golden Ichor and seal Scylla underneath the tall tower with it.<ref>{{Ref/Item|page=Golden Goblet of the Pristine Sea}}</ref> Remus and Boethius, along with Scylla, were all swept away with Remuria and its people by a tsunami caused by the [[Phobos|Grand Symphony]]'s self-destruct order.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Last Day of Remuria}}</ref> The golden Ichor was eventually corroded by the Primordial Sea.<ref>{{Ref/Item|page=Essence of Pure Sacred Dewdrop}}</ref> The survivors turned to "barbarism and annihilation" until the Hydro Archon [[Egeria]] appeared and settled the conflicts between the remaining Remurians and the Fontainian tribes, taking over as Fontaine's God.

==Culture==
===Arts and Music===
Music, whether literal or symbolic, played a particularly significant role in Remuria.<ref name="Echoes">{{Ref/Quest|Echoes of the Ancient World}}</ref> Remus introduced the beauty of music to his people because he believed that it "differentiated humans from other living things." Capitolium, the capital of Remuria, is described as a paradise overflowing with beautiful melodies, a haven for artists and musicians where only the most outstanding intellectuals and musicians were allowed.<ref name="Fall of Remuria" />

===Politics===
Remus elevated four humans of particular ability to become Harmosts, allowing them to rule over Remuria's cities. The four Harmosts were [[Boethius]],<ref>{{Ref/Item|Sublimation of Pure Sacred Dewdrop}}</ref> [[Cassiodor]], [[Aurelius (Harmost)|Aurelius]], and [[Euergetia]].<ref>Interactable: [[Faded Castle#Investigation of the Northern Barbarians|Investigation of the Northern Barbarians]]</ref><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Golden Song's Variation}}</ref> It is also implied that only the most outstanding intellectuals and musicians are allowed to serve [[Remus]].

===Architectures===
Due to Remus' love for the arts, architectures also played a significant role in Remuria. Capitolium was a home to many theatres and palaces "adorned with the most sumptuous and intricate carvings."<ref name="Fall of Remuria" /> The grand temples and arenas were built with giant carved rocks to commemorate the city's glory. Its towering walls were decorated with glaze and gold, bronze and marble statues.

The Palace of Remus, [[Domus Aurea]], is described to have been a golden palace filled with towering copper pillars.

===Customs===
Remurians liked to use conches as instruments.<ref name="Echoes></ref><br>
During times of mourning, the Remurians casted harps out of black iron. Such harps could not be played, and their silence was seen as symbolic.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Chapter of an Ancient Chord}}</ref>

==Trivia== 
*In the science-fiction novel ''[[Time Trekker]]'', a character time-travels to ancient Remuria. While recounting his attempt to communicate with someone from that era, he comments that "at that time, I could not even pronounce 'Remuria,' with it coming out something more akin to 'Emuia'."<ref>{{Ref/Book|Time Trekker (II)}}</ref> This suggests that the character pronounced ''R'' with a {{w|guttural R}} (the French pronunciation) instead of a {{w|Rhotic consonant|rhotic}} one which the Remurians presumably used.
*''Pax Remuria'' is likely a reference to ''Pax Romana'', a 207-year period of peace during the Roman Empire.

===Etymology===
*Remuria is based on {{w|Ancient Rome}}, which in Roman myth was established by {{w|Romulus and Remus|Romulus}}, who killed his twin brother Remus during a dispute over where to establish their city and subsequently named it after himself. Here, Remus was the one to establish the empire, and similarly named it "Remuria" after himself.
*The name may also reference ''Lemuria'', a sunken continent proposed to explain the distribution of lemur fossils prior to the adoption of the concept of continental drift, and embraced by occultists as the home of a lost civilization similar to Atlantis.
**{{w|Lemuralia}}, sometimes called Lemuria, is also a Roman festival.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Remuria
|zhs      = 雷穆利亚
|zhs_rm   = Léimùlìyà
|zht      = 雷穆利亞
|zht_rm   = Léimùlìyà
|ja       = レムリア
|ja_rm    = Remuria
|ko       = 레무리아
|es       = Remuria
|fr       = Remuria
|ru       = Ремурия
|th       = Remuria
|vi       = Remuria
|de       = Remuria
|id       = Remuria
|pt       = Remuria
|tr       = Remuria
|it       = Remuria
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Civilization}}

[[es:Remuria]]
[[vi:Remuria]]