{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC Renault.png -->
|realname         = 
|deceased         = Killed during the [[Siege of Poisson]]
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|affiliation2     = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Rene de Petrichor
|relative         = 
}}
'''Renault de Petrichor'''<ref name="FCF">{{Ref/Item|Fleuve Cendre Ferryman}}</ref> was a [[Fontaine|Fontainian]] historical figure from the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago. He was the mayor of Poisson and father of [[Rene]].<ref name="FCF" /><ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (IX)}}</ref>

<!--
==Profile==

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Story==
Renault was originally the head of [[Petrichor]] and belonged to the long line of family that had ruled Petrichor since [[Egeria]]'s appointment. The de Petrichor family were just and benevolent leaders who guided the town to ever-increasing prosperity. However, for some unknown reasons, Renault was transferred to be the Mayor of [[Poisson]].<ref name="Tiepolo">{{ref/NPC|Tiepolo}}</ref>

After the purge of [[Fleuve Cendre]], [[Eduardo]] and other survivors were exiled to the desert. They were later rescued by Eduardo's henchmen. They then took members of [[Maison Gardiennage]] hostage and occupied Poisson with comrades active near Mont Automnequi. This is where his son [[Jakob]] met Renault's son [[Rene de Petrichor]].<ref name="FCF" />

Before the Siege of Poisson, the reporter [[Karl Ingold]] took a photograph of Eduardo, Jakob, Mayor Renault, Rene, [[Josephine|"Parsifal"]], Rosa Reed and her husband Thompson with their infant, and Tom Alter.<ref name="FCF" />

[[Emanuel Guillotin]] initiated the [[Siege of Poisson]], resulting in bloodshed that led to the deaths of Renault and his wife.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (II)|quote=Rene: Uncle Guillotin, who was with them, is part of the Maison Gardiennage. [...] he still can't be trusted. After all, Father and Mother... It was all the doing of their lackeys and goons...}}</ref><ref name="MJ">{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Judgment}}</ref><ref name="Tiepolo"/>

After Renault's department from Petrichor, the town fell into obscurity until [[Ruggiero]] rebuilt Petrichor and became its first Doge.<ref name="Tiepolo"/>

<!--Meanwhile, Jakob and Rene were sent to the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]]  and became close friends with [[Alain]] and [[Mary-Ann]].<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Forgotten Vessel}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|As the Khvarena's Light Shows}}</ref>

After the cataclysm, at the "sites where battles took place", likely near the remains of [[Elynas (NPC)|Elynas]], Jakob and Rene coincidentally encountered Alain and Mary-Ann. Alain and Mary-Ann had been adopted by Emanuel Guillotin and became siblings. They were searching for inspiration under Emanuel's watchful eyes at that time. Rene chose not to tell them about Jakob, as he did not trust Emanuel, who was a former Marechaussee Hunter involved in the Siege of Poisson.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Book of Esoteric Revelations}}</ref>-->
<!-- 
==Trivia==
* 

===Etymology===
* 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Renault de Petrichor
|zhs     = 雷诺・德・佩特莉可
|zhs_rm  = Léinuò dé Pèitèlìkě
|zht     = 雷諾・德・佩特莉可
|zht_rm  = Léinuò dé Pèitèlìkě
|ja      = ルノー・ド・ペトリコール
|ja_rm   = Runoo do Petorikooru
|ko      = 르노<・: >_드<・: >페트리코
|es      = Renault de Petrichor
|fr      = Renault de Petrichor
|ru      = Рено де Петрикор
|th      = Renault de Petrichor
|vi      = Renault de Petrichor
|de      = Renault de Petrichor
|id      = Renault de Petrichor
|pt      = Renault d'Petrichor
|tr      = Renault de Petrichor
|it      = Renault de Petrichor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}