{{RepertoireOfMyriadMelodiesTabs}}
The '''Score Exchange''' section of Repertoire of Myriad Melodies allows players to create and share scores and search for songs to perform.

==Interaction Platform==
https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/ugc-music-stable/index.html#/

==Recommended Songs==
Displays a list of 8 recommended songs.
* List
** Image
** Song
** Performance Basics and Advanced Techniques
** Key Layout
** Notes
** Favorites
** Plays
** Likes
* Details
** Sharing Code
*** Copy
** Song Name
** Song Length
** Beats per Minute
** Album
** Creator
** Time Published
** Options
*** Head to Interaction Platform to Comment
*** Adapt Score
*** Report
** Favorite

===Preferences===
{|class="article-table"
!Setting
!Value
|-
|Difficulty Range
|1 - 10 to 1 - 10
|-
|Performance Basics
|Casual Play, Advanced Challenge, Two-Finger Control Recommended, Multi-Finger Control Recommended
|-
|Advanced Techniques
|Multiple Single Notes, Multiple Arpeggios, Multiple Long Notes
|-
|Key Layout
|4 Notes, 6 Notes
|-
|Album
|Mondstadt: City of Winds and Idylls, Liyue: Jade Moon Upon a Sea of Clouds, Inazuma: Realm of Tranquil Eternity, Sumeru: Forest of Jnana and Vidya, Fontaine: Fountain of Belleau
|-
|Music Genre
|All Types, Character
|-
|Song BPM Range
|100 and below, 100 - 130, 130 - 160, 160 and above
|}

==Search Songs==
Enter a Sharing Code to search for songs.

Displays up to 15 of the most recent search history and performance records.

==My Favorites==
Displays up to 50 favorited songs.

==Create Score==
{{Main|Repertoire of Myriad Melodies/Composition|l1=Composition}}
In New Score, select an score from an official album to being creation.

In My Records, up to 100 scores can be saved.

Enable "Allow Score Importing" to allow others to import scores.

Perform and Publish Score {{Color|bp|You can publish your scores once your performance rating has reached "Discantus"}}

Delete Score

Sorting
* Sort by Time Modified
* Sort by Title
* Sort by Stars
* Sort by Duration
* Sort by Beats per Minute
* Sort by Time Released

==Disclaimer==
{{Description|Travelers, please ensure that you follow our Terms of Service when creating scores. To create a healthy gaming environment, please read and confirm that you will not instigate or take part in:<br><br>1. The creation of content that discriminates against any race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, ethnicity, government, or region.<br>2. The bullying or insulting of any Travelers or groups of Travelers.<br>3. Engaging in the creation, distribution, or sharing of content that infringes upon the copyright of others or is illegal, as well as content or activities that are otherwise inappropriate.<br>4. The creation of content that is disrespectful to other Travelers.<br>5. Any other content or behavior that violates the Terms of Service.<br><br>We may have to restrict your use of the game services if you do not follow these rules. This may include suspension, the adjustment or deletion of content, restriction, or a permanent ban on the corresponding system and functions, forced disconnection, login suspension, or account forfeiture.<br><br>At the same time, you are welcome to use the Report function to send feedback to us, should you encounter the aforementioned violation of rules.}}