{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73531
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Report the Experimental Data.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Fayz Trials/2024-03-22
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Jami; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Gandha Hill]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lokapala Jungle
|subarea       = Gandha Hill
|prev          = Fight for Academic Reputation!
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Report the Experimental Data''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during [[The Great Fayz Reaction Debate]] Event.

==Steps==
# Report the experimental data to Jami

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The experiment is complete! Report the data on the long-lasting Fayz Potion to Jami.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Jami)
:;(If all trial stages were completed)
::'''Jami:''' Phew. I've obtained valuable experimental data once more, and it's all thanks to you.
:;(If not all trial stages were completed)
::'''Jami:''' Hmm... This is less data than I expected, but it's enough for me to complete my research nonetheless.
:'''Jami:''' I have to finish my report before my mentor recovers. With any luck, he won't try to test it himself again. I'll stop him from sparring with monsters willy-nilly, even if it costs me my life.
:'''Jami:''' Worse comes to worst, I'll take to the fight myself. Even if I fail, they'll at least put "Jami &mdash; he sacrificed himself for his research" on my tomb, eh? Hahaha...
:'''Jami:''' I had a drink with a junior two days back. He said he wished to study the applications of the Long-Lasting Fayz Potion in different environments.
:'''Jami:''' That way, ordinary people traveling outside will not be helpless when faced with beasts like Rishboland Tigers or Spinocrocodiles.
:;(If all trial stages were completed)
::'''Jami:''' If this potion becomes widespread, my research topic will... gain some practical meaning, won't it? Once that time comes, I'll most certainly put your name into the acknowledgments section...
:;(If not all trial stages were completed)
::'''Jami:''' If this potion becomes widespread, my research topic will... gain some practical meaning, won't it? Heh. Guess I'll need to work harder still...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Report the Experimental Data
|zhs      = 汇报实验数据
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 匯報實驗資料
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 実験データの報告
|ja_rm    = Jikken Deeta no Houkoku
|ja_tl    = Experimental Data Report
|ko       = 실험 데이터 보고
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Presentación de los datos experimentales
|es_tl    = Presentation of the Experimental Data
|fr       = Rapport des données d'expérience
|fr_tl    = Experiment Data Report
|ru       = Доложите о результатах эксперимента
|ru_tl    = Report the Experiment Results
|th       = รายงานข้อมูลการทดลอง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Báo Cáo Số Liệu Thí Nghiệm
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Bericht über die Daten des Experiments
|de_tl    = Report on the Experiment's Data
|id       = Laporkan data eksperimen
|id_tl    = Report the Experiment Data
|pt       = Relate os Dados Experimentais
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Deney Verilerini Raporla
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Comunica i dati sperimentali
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Relate os Dados Experimentais]]
[[ru:Доложите о результатах эксперимента]]