{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19056
|image         = Hangout Event Report back.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Shikanoin Heizou
|actNum        = I
|act           = Trap 'Em by Storm
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = The Missing Person
|next          = Heizou Talks Fraud
|next2         = Long-Sealed Mystery
|characters    = Kujou Sara; Owada; Paimon; Shikanoin Heizou; Traveler; Uesugi
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''{{sic|Report back|hide=1}}''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Trap 'Em by Storm}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Tenryou Commission]]
# Talk to [[Uesugi]]
# Check the case files (0/3)
# Talk to [[Heizou]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After finding the missing young detective, you bring him back to the Police Station...}}
===The Police Station Register===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the Tenryou Commission and talk to Uesugi)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 uesugi 01.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Oh, look who showed up! Heizou! You're finally back!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 uesugi 02.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Listen, if you took any longer to come back, everyone at the Police Station would be toast!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You say that every time I come back, Uesugi. However, something does feel a little unusual about the Police Station this time...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 uesugi 03.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' C'mon, would I ever lie to you? Madam Kujou Sara is here and she's on the warpath! So be on the lookout.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Huh? What's that lady doing here?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' [[Doushin]] Shikanoin, I see you've finally returned. Please, enlighten us, what have you been doing recently?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Uh okay, I... was just out investigating a case.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Don't give me that! I checked the records here. You didn't take any cases.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Uh actually, it's a case of personal relevance to me... These two can attest to that.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm? Traveler? Paimon? What are you two doing here?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're the ones who brought Heizou back.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Brought him back? Can someone please explain?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 owada 01.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Uh, well... Madam [[Kujou Sara]]... because we couldn't locate Doushin Shikanoin, we commissioned Detective Ryuuji from the detective agency...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 owada 02.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Shortly after, Ryuuji returned to tell us... uh, that he had given the commission to the Traveler, ahem... and then...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Ugh, it used to be that the Tenryou Commission assisted others with disappearances, but it seems these days others are now assisting us... You've done it this time, Shikanoin, I think I've really seen it all.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Heh, I mean, is it really so unusual for officers and citizens to assist one another?
:{{DIcon}} Ahem... actually, he did seem to be investigating a case.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it was kinda weird, but it was definitely an investigation... he even pretended to be captured by Nobushi and Treasure Hoarders!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Oh? Is that so? Well, since you are testifying for him, I suppose I won't ask any more questions...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But since you're here, {{Traveler}}, I have an extra favor to ask.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I'd like you to be Shikanoin's temporary supervisor. It'll be your duty to ensure that he handles his case properly and that he doesn't disappear and neglect his work again.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I'll be sure that the Police Station prepares the appropriate compensation.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 owada 03.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Oh, uh y&mdash;yes! Traveler, I'm sure we'd all really appreciate it!
:{{DIcon}} Um, well...
:{{DIcon}} (You cast a quick inquiring glance at Heizou.)
:;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, Heizou seems to be happy with the idea, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe.
:{{DIcon}} Understood, leave it to me.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' You should thank the Traveler this time, Doushin Shikanoin. Otherwise, I don't think I would have let you off so easily.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Here, take this letter of complaint, it's written against you. Please consider carefully what to do with it, I do not wish to see another one. Understood?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Huh? Someone filed a complaint...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That can't be right, why would there be a complaint letter?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You must not be doing your job properly, and now you're attracting complaints.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 uesugi 04.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' No, it really doesn't add up, you two don't get it. Although Madam Kujou Sara just made some harsh remarks, we all know that Heizou senpai is a real whizz when it comes to cracking cases. He's the biggest asset on our team.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 uesugi 05.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Several leaders have risen through the ranks as a result of his achievements, he's definitely no slacker.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then he must have gotten himself into some kind of trouble!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, let me see what's the deal here.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh, and since you agreed to be my temporary supervisor, you'll find the desk where new case files are kept right over there, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Would you mind helping me check what cases I need to deal with?
:{{DIcon}} I think you need to deal with your complaint letter first.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Of course, but first I have to confirm what's going on, and whether or not the letter's legit. Please have a look at the case files first.

;(Talk to Uesugi again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905602 uesugi 06.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' This is quite unusual. Who could possibly lodge a complaint against Heizou? It's not easy being a Doushin.

;(Talk to Owada)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905603 owada 01.ogg}} '''Owada:''' Interesting. Even Doushin Shikanoin can receive a complaint letter.

;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905601 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hmm, let's see who's complaining about me here...
----
;(Read the case file{{colon}} An Approval Reply for "Heizou Talks Fraud")
:'''An Approval Reply for "Heizou Talks Fraud":''' Police Station: Your application for the public awareness campaign "Heizou Talks Fraud" has been received. Following review, your station has been authorized to run the performance with Shikanoin Doushin in charge of the related work. &mdash; The Headquarters of the Tenryou Commission
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905604 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Heizou Talks Fraud"? What's that? Sounds interesting, whatever it is.

;(Read the case file{{colon}} "Case of the Missing Eastern Express")
:'''"Case of the Missing Eastern Express":''' The beloved dog, "Eastern Express," reportedly went missing late in the night. The owner discovered twelve canine footprints of varying sizes in the courtyard, leading to the initial assumption that the crime was carried out by a team...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905605 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who would give a dog such a strange name?

;(Read the case file{{colon}} "The Prince of Mischief in Hanamizaka")
:'''"The Prince of Mischief in Hanamizaka":''' There is [[Arataki Itto|a slacker who claims to be the "Prince of Mischief"]] terrorizing Hanamizaka. Children have reportedly been losing valuables in the area, the bulk of which are [[Onikabuto]], [[Genius Invokation TCG]] cards, and so on...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905606 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What! Ugh, not him again...
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Three Case Files===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, have you gone through the case files? Is there anything that caught your eye?

:{{DIcon}} An approval reply for "Heizou Talks Fraud."
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh? Have they approved it already? Huh, the Tenryou Commission certainly has become more efficient ever since Kujou Kamaji took office.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what is "Heizou Talks Fraud"?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's an anti-fraud public awareness event. Basically, think of it as a short play about fraud. We'll get a few people to perform an entertaining drama in order to raise public awareness about the issue.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, so it's a play? Paimon likes the sound of that...
::{{DIcon}} I thought you're only interested in major cases, not petty things like fraud.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha well, see, fraud is a major issue here. You've traveled between different nations, I'm sure Mora isn't really an issue for you.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You have to understand that scamming the poor of their money is essentially robbing them of their lives. Left unchecked, the situation could potentially deteriorate into something more serious.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, that makes sense... But will putting on a performance really work?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's hard to say. Preventing crimes is more difficult than solving them, there's no doubt about that... but prevention is also a more worthwhile cause.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Maybe only a small number of people who attend the event will ever actually encounter a scam artist.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And even then, of the handful of attendees who encounter said scam artist, I doubt many of them will be able to see through the scammer's ruse.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But if even only one person escapes the clutches of a scam artist because of my event, then I'm willing to put on this play for that person.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, count us in! Today we are the anti-fraud messengers!
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, great. First, we need three actors, two to play the scam artists and one to play the victim.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I already have a couple candidates in mind for the roles of the scam artists, so come with me to the Grand Narukami Shrine.
:;(Proceed to [[Heizou Talks Fraud#The Shrewd Lady of the Grand Narukami Shrine|The Shrewd Lady of the Grand Narukami Shrine]])
:{{DIcon}} A dog named "Eastern Express" has gone missing.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Another dog's gone missing, huh? I know that the detective agency regularly receives such cases. You know, if we ever had the time, we could tally how many dogs go missing in Inazuma each day, and then...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Anyway, just leave that case to Uesugi. This complaint letter I received is more important.
:;(Proceed to [[#Complaint Letter Branch|Complaint Letter Branch]])
:{{DIcon}} There might be a "Prince of Mischief" bullying children in Hanamizaka.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hmm, that case should be easy enough, just leave it to Uesugi. This complaint letter I received is more important.
:;(Proceed to [[#Complaint Letter Branch|Complaint Letter Branch]])
:{{DIcon}} I'm more concerned about the complaint letter against you.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hmm, I'm afraid this won't be an easy task...
:;(Proceed to [[#Complaint Letter Branch|Complaint Letter Branch]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Complaint Letter Branch===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I was hoping I wouldn't have to drag you into this, but it's just occurred to me that with your help, I might be able to wrap up this problem.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then, tell us about the complaint letter.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's from Sango, the president of [[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]]. I assume you've met her before?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, I know you two have some beef, and it appears to be pretty serious.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You could say that... Sango's complaint letter accuses me of abusing my power for personal gain and blatantly concealing the truth behind the Ryuuji Case from years ago. Seriously, do I really seem like the type of person who'd do that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, concealing the truth? That definitely sounds like something you would do!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905608 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hey hey hey, don't judge a book by its cover, alright! Let's just go to the detective agency and talk to Sango, we'll need to speak with her to get to the bottom of this.
:;(Proceed to [[Long-Sealed Mystery#Sango's Complaint Letter|Sango's Complaint Letter]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Report back
|zhs     = 复命
|zhs_rm  = Fùmìng
|zht     = 覆命
|zht_rm  = Fùmìng
|zh_tl   = Completed Mission Report
|ja      = 報告
|ja_rm   = Houkoku{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Report
|ko      = 보고
|ko_tl   = Report
|es      = Reportando
|es_tl   = Reporting
|fr      = Au rapport !
|fr_tl   = Reporting!
|ru      = Доклад о выполнении
|ru_tl   = Accomplishment Report
|th      = กลับไปรายงาน
|th_rm   = Klap Pai Rai Ngan
|th_tl   = Report Back
|vi      = Quay Về Báo Cáo
|vi_tl   = Return to Report
|de      = Berichterstattung
|de_tl   = Reporting
|id      = Kembali untuk melapor
|id_tl   = Return to Report
|pt      = Reportando de Volta
|pt_tl   = Reporting Back
|tr      = Rapor ver
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fai rapporto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}