{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Rerir.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Rächer of Solnari

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Rerir''' is a mentioned character in ''Genshin Impact'' and is one of the [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah]].

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->
Rerir is a character mentioned by Dainsleif in the Archon Quest [[Bedtime Story]]. They are known as one of the Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
Rerir, also called "Rächer of Solnari", is known as one of the Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah. They were also one of the people in the nation of Khaenri'ah who were of great esteem. They were the best of their respective fields and carried out the hopes and desires of the nation. They, along with the others got hold of world shattering powers and became godlike beings. But while Khaenri'ah was being destroyed, they did nothing to protect their own nation. Thereafter, they became the known as the Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah. Nothing else is known about this character.
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Trivia==
* In Germanic mythology, {{w|Rerir}} is a powerful ruler who avenges his murdered father and is an ancestor of the Völsung clan, an important mythical lineage.

===Etymology===
* ''[[wiktionary:Rächer|Rächer]]'' is the German word for avenger, or one who commits vengeance.
* ''Solnari'' could potentially be composed by two Germanic words: ''Sól'' which means "sun," and ''Nari'' (''Narfi'' or ''Nörr'') which means "narrow." Alternatively, some philologist like {{w|Rudolf Simek}} suggested that ''Narfi'' (son of Loki) may have originally been a demon of the dead and that his name could be related to the Old Norse word ''nár'', "corpse."<ref>Narfi (son of Loki), [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narfi_(son_of_Loki)#Interpretations Interpretations]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|1_en     = Rerir
|1_zhs    = 雷利尔
|1_zhs_rm = Léilì'ěr
|1_zht    = 雷利爾
|1_zht_rm = Léilì'ěr
|1_ja     = レリル
|1_ja_rm  = Reriru
|1_ko     = 레리르
|1_es     = Rerir
|1_fr     = Rerir
|1_ru     = Рери
|1_th     = Rerir
|1_vi     = Rerir
|1_de     = Rerir
|1_id     = Rerir
|1_pt     = Rerir
|1_tr     = Rerir
|1_it     = Rerir
|2_en     = Rächer of Solnari
|2_zhs    = 猎月人
|2_zhs_rm = Lièyuè-rén
|2_zht    = 獵月人
|2_zht_rm = Lièyuè-rén
|2_zh_tl  = Moon Hunter
|2_ja     = 月の狩人
|2_ja_rm  = Tsuki no Karyuudo{{Assumed}}
|2_ja_tl  = Moon Hunter
|2_ko     = 달 사냥꾼
|2_ko_tl  = 
|2_es     = El Cazador de la Luna
|2_es_tl  = The Moon's Hunter
|2_fr     = Le rächer de solnari
|2_ru     = Лунный мститель
|2_ru_tl  = Lunar Avenger
|2_th     = {{Rubi|Rächer of Solnari|ผู้ล่าจันทรา}}
|2_th_rm  = Phu La Chantra
|2_th_tl  = Lunar Hunter
|2_vi     = {{Rubi|Thợ Săn Ánh Trăng|Rächer of Solnari|center=1}}
|2_vi_tl  = Moonlight Hunter
|2_de     = Rächer von Solnari
|2_de_tl  = Avenger of Solnari
|2_id     = Rächer of Solnari
|2_pt     = Vingador da Lua
|2_pt_tl  = Avenger of the Moon
|2_tr     = Ay Avcısı
|2_tr_tl  = 
|2_it     = Il Vindice di Solnari
|2_it_tl  = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.7}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->