{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74680
|image         = Event Quest Rescue the Poor Contract Employee.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Roses and Muskets
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence]]
|characters    = Helene; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Roses and Muskets/Xtreme Drive|Xtreme Drive]] subevent.
}}
'''''Rescue the Poor Contract Employee!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Roses and Muskets]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the staff member

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During the joyous festival, some involved with the filmmaking industry are wearing frowns. You and Paimon encounter an unfortunate contracted employee...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Helene)
:'''Helene:''' Fontinalia Film Festival... Great job! You really outdid yourself this time!
:'''Helene:''' As things stand, finishing the project before the deadline is nothing but a pipe dream...
:'''Helene:''' *sob* *wailing* I'm not just in for a scolding... the boss is literally going to kill me!
:'''Paimon:''' Why's that young lady over there crying?
:'''Paimon:''' D'you think she needs a doctor? I wonder if there are any professional therapists in Fontaine?
:'''Helene:''' *sobbing* When did you get here...
:'''Helene:''' Thanks for your concern, but right now what I need is a doctor that can resurrect my dying career!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's pretty sure that isn't something a doctor can fix!
:{{DIcon}} It's only a job! Worst case scenario, you can always get another one!
::'''Helene:''' Gah! Getting a new job's worse than dying... Everything you've learned goes out the window, and you have to start over from scratch!
:{{DIcon}} Work is pretty important... Maybe we should help?
::'''Paimon:''' With how high she's made the stakes seem, we can't stand by and do nothing.
:'''Paimon:''' Just talking about it like this won't solve anything, though! Why don't you tell us more about your problem?
:'''Helene:''' That might be a bit hard, considering it's a technical issue. Now, just how can I explain it...
:'''Helene:''' Well, first things first &mdash; my name's Helene and I'm an engineer working for the Fontinalia Film Festival's equipment supplier. I'm mainly responsible for developing audiovisual equipment.
:'''Helene:''' To achieve a certain effect when filming, our client requested us to develop a kind of "stabilization platform" that can carry Film Kameras while moving at high speed...
:'''Helene:''' These "stabilization platforms" also needed to be able to carry puppets that look like actors or model animals, playing the part of groups in the background.
:'''Helene:''' That way, they'd be able to keep the Kameras fixed on actors while moving at high speeds, or save them from having to splash out the cash to hire hordes of extras.
:'''Helene:''' On top of that, they insisted that each platform had to be less than a third of the cost of a Kamera, and that its lifespan had to be at least thirty years.
:'''Paimon:''' How is anyone that picky!? Even for a master craftsman, producing something cheap but durable that works well is nigh-on impossible!
:'''Helene:''' But I managed it.
:'''Helene:''' After all, the customer is always right! We've had even fussier clients before, and I've nearly run myself into the ground trying to satisfy them.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Then what's got you in such a huff?
:'''Helene:''' The problem is I don't have anyone to test it! I've created the product, but unless I can get it tested, the project can't be considered complete!
:'''Helene:''' All the testers who have a basic grasp of mechanics or are physically fit enough have already been employed by the Fontinalia Film Festival for more important work...
:'''Helene:''' If the client receives a product that hasn't undergone proper testing, and it turns out there's something wrong with it, I'll have to cough up ten times the original payment amount in compensation!
:'''Helene:''' All I can do is hang around trying to sell our products while I look for some outside assistance...
:'''Helene:''' Even if it means I end up losing money on this contract in the end, so be it. After all, it was my boss that signed the agreement with the client. But I'll be the one on the hook if we have to compensate them ten times the value of the contract!
:{{DIcon}} We've come this far, might as well tell us what testing involves...
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! As long as it's nothing too complex, perhaps we can handle some of the simpler stuff.
:'''Helene:''' It might not sound difficult, but it's harder than you think...
:'''Helene:''' To confirm how the stabilization platforms perform when running at extremely high speeds, I set them to "avoid anyone who gets too close" mode.
:'''Helene:''' The tester has to run after stabilization platforms within a specified area, and chase as many platforms as possible into the target area as quickly as possible.
:'''Helene:''' For someone with poor stamina like me, chasing a stabilization platform more than a few steps is enough to make them collapse from exhaustion...
:{{DIcon}} What's so hard about that!?
:{{DIcon}} It's just a bit of running around!
:'''Paimon:''' Now that you've described it, Paimon's positive this'll be a piece of cake!
:'''Paimon:''' It's just a few machines! Just you wait, we'll be hot on their tails in no time! We might even end up overtaking them if you're lucky. Testing limits and that sorta thing is a walk in the park!
:'''Helene:''' For real? What, genuinely? You're actually serious!?
:'''Helene:''' Then I&mdash;I&mdash;I'll pay you! Please!
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, the commission... We won't say no to that! But under the circumstances, if we accept too much of your money, our consciences wouldn't forgive us!
:'''Paimon:''' Just pay us however much you'd usually pay your testers.
:'''Helene:''' Miracle workers, that's what you are! Not just doctors, but miracle workers &mdash; here to resurrect my dying career!
:'''Helene:''' The testing site is in an empty Domain near the city. Well, I'll leave it to you two then! You have my undying gratitude!
:'''Helene:''' After this many years in the business, finally a bit of luck! The boss won't be killing me tomorrow after all!
:'''Paimon:''' Umm... After you've finished this job, maybe you should consider switching bosses...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Rescue the Poor Contract Employee!
|zhs     = 救救可怜的乙方员工！
|zhs_rm  = Jiùjiù Kělián de Yìfāng Yuángōng!
|zht     = 救救可憐的乙方員工！
|zht_rm  = Jiùjiù Kělián de Yìfāng Yuángōng!
|zh_tl   = Rescue the Poor Contract Employee!
|ja      = 可哀想な社員を助けて！
|ja_rm   = Kawaisou-na Shain wo Tasukete!
|ja_tl   = Rescue the Poor Contract Employee!
|ko      = 불쌍한 하청 직원을 도와주세요!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Salva a la pobre empleada
|es_tl   = Save the Poor Employee
|fr      = À la rescousse d'une pauvre employée !
|fr_tl   = To the Rescue of a Poor Employee!
|ru      = Спасите бедную работницу!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ช่วยเหลือพนักงานที่น่าสงสาร!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giải Cứu Nhân Viên Hợp Đồng!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Rette die arme Vertragsmitarbeiterin!
|de_tl   = Rescue the Poor Contract Employee!
|id      = Selamatkan Karyawan Kontrak yang Malang
|id_tl   = Rescue the Poor Contract Employee
|pt      = Resgate a Funcionária Contratada em Situação Precária!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sözleşmeli Çalışanın Bitmeyen Çilesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Salva la dipendente sfortunata
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:Resgate a Funcionária Contratada em Situação Precária!]]
[[ru:Спасите бедную работницу!]]