{{Stub|Information regarding timers and respawns need verification and appropriate citations.}}
The '''daily reset''' occurs at 04:00 (4 AM), based on your server's time zone. The '''weekly reset''' occurs each Monday, also at 04:00 (4 AM).

{{Reset}}

==Daily Reset==
On daily reset, the player will receive:

* New [[Commissions]] (for players [[Adventure Rank]] 12 and above).
* [[Primogem]]s from the [[Blessing of the Welkin Moon]] if it has been purchased.

Also affected by daily reset:

* [[Elite Enemies]] with limited spawn points per day will respawn.
* [[Domains]]: Domains of Forgery ([[Weapon Ascension Materials]]) and Domains of Mastery ([[Talent Level-Up Materials]]) rotate.
* Daily [[Battle Pass]] missions are renewed.
* [[Ley Line Outcrops]] locations randomize.
* [[Mining Outcrops]] locations randomize 2 hours after daily reset, at 06:00 server time.
* [[Iron Chunk]] Nodes and Common [[:Category:Cooking Ingredients|Cooking Ingredients]] growing in the overworld (does not include the [[Local Specialties]] used in some cooking recipes) spawn 4 hours before daily reset, at 0:00 server time.
* Time-gated quests and hidden quests progress.

Most [[shops]] refresh their stock at daily reset every day, every two days or every three days; this reset can vary from vendor to vendor but also from item to item, even if they are sold by the same vendor.

==Weekly Reset==
Affected by weekly reset:

* [[Weekly Boss]]es rewards and cost-halving opportunities are reset.
* Weekly Battle Pass missions are renewed.
* [[Reputation]] bounties and requests reset.
* [[Shops]] selling artifacts are restocked.

==Other Resets==
Not all resets are bound to server reset times; most items and common enemies in the overworld appear to respawn based on the time you harvested or defeated them.

===Respawns 12 hours after harvest===
* All animals and insects considered as [[Wildlife]].
** [[Weasel Thieves]] are an exception and do not seem to respawn at all after they are defeated once.
** Some animals and insects may reappear earlier after escaped, like [[Crystalflies]] and [[Frog]].
* [[Common Enemies]] that are not part of an [[Elite Enemies|Elite Enemy]]'s group. Common Enemies that are part of such a group will respawn along with the Elite Enemy at daily reset instead.

===Respawns 24 hours (1 day) after harvest===
* [[Investigation]] points that drop Iron Chunks, Cooking Ingredients, low-grade [[Artifacts]], low-grade [[Weapons]] or [[Mora]].
* Destructible crates and barrels that sometimes drop Common Cooking Ingredients.
* Option to toggle World Level downgrade/reversion.

===Respawns 48 hours (2 days) after harvest===
* All [[Local Specialties]].
* [[Flaming Flower Stamen|Flaming Flowers]] and [[Mist Flower Corolla|Mist Flowers]].
* [[White Iron Chunk]], [[Starsilver]] and [[Electro Crystal]] Nodes.
* Investigation points that drop White Iron Chunks.

===Respawns 72 hours (3 days) after harvest===
* [[Crystal Chunk]] Nodes that are not part of a [[Mining Outcrop]] and [[Amethyst Lump]] Nodes.
* Investigation points that drop Crystal Chunks.
* [[Fishing]] spot populations. ('''Note: Fishing respawn times are bound to the same conditions as daily reset''')

===Chests===
{{Main|Chests}}
[[Chests]] do not respawn, and they do not 'spawn in' with AR/WL increase either. The illusion of that happening is usually created by certain chests being temporarily removed by various quests, one-time or repeatable ones; some chests have also been found to randomly not spawn on some days without any apparent reason, though possibly depending on the day of the week. That said, all chests exist in the game at the point of character creation.

===Bosses===
{{Main|Bosses}}
[[Normal Bosses]] have a minimum reset time of 5 minutes, which starts counting down the moment the boss's arena is loaded in. This timer will not be revealed in the [[Adventurer Handbook]] until the boss has been slain and only if the 5 minutes have not passed. Once the 5 minutes have passed and the boss has been slain, the player must [[Loading Screen|reload]] the boss' arena for it to respawn. The simplest way is to enter an Event Character Test Run and leave it (which doesn't change your original location), or teleport to the nearest [[Teleport Waypoints|Waypoint]] or [[Statue of The Seven]] and walk back to the boss's location. Logging out of the game also works.

==Navigation==
{{Genshin Navbox}}

[[Category:Genshin Impact]]

[[ja:リセット]]
[[ru:Время сброса мира]]
[[tr:Sıfırlama]]
[[uk:Скидання]]