{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|part          = 2
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Return to Days of Winter.png
|npc           = Viktor
|startLocation = [[Favonius Cathedral]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|requirement   = Complete [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|prev          = Equivalent Exchange
|next          = Equivalent Exchange Once More
|other         = 
|characters    = Lily; Marjorie; Rudolf; Terrified Schuster; Traveler; Viktor
}}
'''''Return to Days of Winter''''' is a [[Daily Commission]]. Upon completing this commission, Viktor will leave the Mondstadt Cathedral, while [[Lily]] and [[Rudolf]]'s dialogue will change.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Viktor]]
# Ask [[Marjorie]] about a present
# Look for [[Terrified Schuster]]
# Save Terrified Schuster {{Enemy List|Unarmed Hilichurl;Hilichurl Fighter;Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard;Hilichurl Berserker}}
# Talk to Schuster
# Give the [[Fresh Wolfhooks|Wolfhooks]] to Marjorie
# Give the present to Viktor
# Deliver the [[Viktor's Gift|present]] to Lily in turn
# Talk to Viktor
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==-->

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Viktor]], a [[Fatuus]] stationed in [[Mondstadt]], has finally received orders to return home...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Viktor)
:'''Viktor:''' Well, I guess I'm finally heading home...
:{{DIcon}} Leaving us, Viktor?
:'''Viktor:''' Eh? Oh, it's you...
:'''Viktor:''' That's correct. I received orders from above recently that I can return to [[Snezhnaya]].
:'''Viktor:''' Something about me being transferred to another Harbinger, and no longer needing to standby in Mondstadt for any new orders.
;(Before completing [[The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call]]){{Verify}}
::'''Viktor:''' I've got no clue which of them I'll be under this time, but I'm just praying that it's not [[Scaramouche|Lord Scaramouche]]...
;(After completing [[The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call]]){{Verify}}
::'''Viktor:''' I've got no clue which of them I'll be under this time, though...
:{{DIcon}} When will you be leaving?
:'''Viktor:''' The higher-ups didn't mention that. I was just told to pack my things and be ready to leave at a moment's notice.
:'''Viktor:''' I mean, that's great, right? Finally, I'll be free from the judging gazes of those Sisters!
:'''Viktor:''' Ah, right, Traveler. Seeing as how we've had dealings for so long... Won't you do a man one last favor?
:'''Viktor:''' Like before, you'll do the deed, and I'll cough up the payment. You'll never work for free when you work with me.
:{{DIcon}} What stories will you tell me this time?
:{{DIcon}} Aye, never a lack of Fatui stories with you around...
:'''Viktor:''' Haha. To tell the truth, I'm all out of Fatui stories to tell you.
:'''Viktor:''' The payment this time will be Mora for sure. Sounds good?
:'''Viktor:''' Well, unless you'd like me to tell you the same fairy tales I tell Lily...
:{{DIcon}} What do you need help with?
:{{DIcon}} You still keep Lily company?
::'''Viktor:''' Err... Well... Sometimes...
:'''Viktor:''' You know what? I'll come clean. The request this time also has something to do with her.
:'''Viktor:''' She's... well, the only person in all of Mondstadt who'll listen to anything "the evil Fatui uncle" says &mdash; other than you, of course.
:'''Viktor:''' I doubt I'll be returning to Mondstadt ever again... So I just wanted to send Lily one last memento.
:'''Viktor:''' But as you know, I'd be walking into a shooting gallery if I were to just walk out there and buy something.
:'''Viktor:''' So I can only leave this task to you.
:'''Viktor:''' Just head over to Marjorie's and help me see if she's got any gifts that a child might like.

;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' Did you get the present?
:{{DIcon}} What will you do once you get back home?
::'''Viktor:''' What will I do? Well... I suppose I'll have to wait for my transfer orders.
::'''Viktor:''' *sigh* If things go ill, I might get transferred to some archon-forsaken place and put on standby again.
::'''Viktor:''' But I'm fine with whatever, so long as they don't toss me over to [[Inazuma]]...
:{{DIcon}} Why the sudden move?
::'''Viktor:''' Why, you ask? It's because of [[La Signora|Lady Signora]]'s... Well... her sacrifice.
::'''Viktor:''' Actually, you know what? I'm just a joiner. I listen to orders. There's no need for me to think too much.
:{{DIcon}} Where's Lily?
::'''Viktor:''' I heard Rudolf mention that he was going to take her out to the square or something like that.
::'''Viktor:''' Heh. I suppose he's got to keep his precious daughter away from the evil Fatui, eh?
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Viktor:''' Alright. I leave the matter of the present to you, then.
----

;(Talk to Rudolf or Lily by the square)
:'''Rudolf:''' Lily, you shouldn't be talking to that Fatui.
:'''Lily:''' But why not? Mister Fatooey's told me loadsa stowies!
----

;(Talk to Marjorie)
:'''Marjorie:''' Hello there, Traveler. What can I do for you?
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any gifts for kids here?
:'''Marjorie:''' A gift for a child... Let me think.
:'''Marjorie:''' Hmm, actually, I've been attempting to fashion some small toys recently.
:'''Marjorie:''' The only catch is that they need a lot of [[Wolfhook]] dye, and I'm all out of Wolfhooks.
:'''Marjorie:''' I asked Schuster to help me gather some more, but he hasn't returned yet.
:'''Marjorie:''' Could you help me look for Schuster, Traveler?
:'''Marjorie:''' Once we have enough Wolfhooks, I should be able to make those toys for you.
:{{DIcon}} Alright. Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} Where has Schuster gone?
:'''Marjorie:''' He said that he'd be going {{Color|buzzword|near Wolvendom}} to gather Wolfhooks. You can head over there to look for him.
:'''Marjorie:''' In that case, I'm counting on you, Traveler.

;(Talk to Marjorie again)
:'''Marjorie:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler.
:'''Marjorie:''' He said that he'd be going {{Color|buzzword|near Wolvendom}} to gather Wolfhooks. You can head over there to look for him.
----

;(Upon finding Schuster)
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Help! Help me! Someone, please!

;(Talk to Schuster after defeating the monsters)
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Th&mdash;Thank you, Traveler.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' These monsters just kept coming after me, even after I ran all the way here...
:{{DIcon}} You came to gather some Wolfhooks, right?
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Eh? Yeah, it was Marjorie's request...
:{{DIcon}} Couldn't you have brought someone else with you?
::'''Terrified Schuster:''' ...Come on, who would've agreed to come with me to work on a commission as simple as "gathering plants"?
:{{DIcon}} Please don't go out so far by yourself.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I know how that's supposed to work, of course, but you can only find Wolfhooks here, you know?
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' And the Wolfhooks that grow in safer areas have all been picked.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' So I had to go further in to gather Wolfhooks...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' But let's not talk about that now. Could you help me pass these Wolfhooks to Marjorie?
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I need a moment to rest. I thought my legs were going to give out on me back there...
:;(Obtain [[Fresh Wolfhooks]])

;(Talk to Schuster again)
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Could you help me deliver these Wolfhooks to Marjorie? I just need a moment to rest. I thought my legs were going to give out on me back there...
----

;(Talk to Marjorie after obtaining Wolfhooks)
:'''Marjorie:''' Did you manage to find Schuster, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} He asked me to take these Wolfhooks back to you.
:'''Marjorie:''' Ah! Thank you very much. I'll take these, then.
:'''Marjorie:''' Once Schuster gets back, I'll make sure he gets paid.
:'''Marjorie:''' Right, you wanted a gift for a child, yes? Well then. Coming right up...
:'''''Marjorie starts to make the present...'''''
:'''Marjorie:''' Well, that's a wrap! Here, take this. Thanks for bringing those Wolfhooks back, by the way.
:'''Marjorie:''' This doll has a light scent to it, too. I'm sure the kid you're sending this to will love it.
:;(Obtain [[Marjorie's Gift]])
----

;(Talk to Viktor after obtaining the gift)
:'''Viktor:''' How did it go? Did you get the present?
:{{DIcon}} I did.
:'''Viktor:''' Huh, I guess you're pretty good. Now let me see...
:'''Viktor:''' What is this...
:'''Viktor:''' This doll's all gangly and crooked, and its dye-job looks ridiculous... Well, it certainly smells nice, though.
:'''Viktor:''' Are you sure this is suitable for children?
:{{DIcon}} This was Marjorie's recommendation.
:{{DIcon}} You could always buy one in Snezhnaya and have it shipped here.
::'''Viktor:''' Oh, I'd love to. But just think about it. If a Fatuus were to send anything to Mondstadt, wouldn't it get stopped at the city gates by the [[Knights of Favonius]]?
:'''Viktor:''' This gift will have to do. But where do I put the letter... Eh, you know what, I'll just put it underneath...
:{{DIcon}} You wrote Lily a letter?
:{{DIcon}} What did you write to her?
:'''Viktor:''' Just some nonsense. Never you mind.
:'''Viktor:''' Alright. Here, take it, and help me deliver it to Lily. She should be {{Color|buzzword|near the square}}.
:'''Viktor:''' Heh. I can picture the stares I'd be getting from Rudolf if I were to give it to her myself already...
:;(Obtain [[Viktor's Gift]])

;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' Help me deliver the present to Lily. She should be {{Color|buzzword|near the city square}}.
:'''Viktor:''' If I were to go myself, I'm sure Rudolf would be glaring daggers at me all the way...
----

;(Talk to Lily or Rudolf after obtaining the gift)
:'''Rudolf:''' Lily, you shouldn't be talking to that Fatui.
:'''Lily:''' But why not? Mister Fatooey's told me loadsa stowies!
:{{DIcon}} Hey there, Lily, Viktor got you a gift.
:'''Lily:''' Wow! Mister Fatooey got me a pwesent? Thank you!
:'''Rudolf:''' Wait, why would that Fatuus send Lily a present? Don't tell me that he...
:'''Lily:''' That's becoz I gave Mister Fatooey lots of stuff to eat! That's why he sent me a gift!
:'''Rudolf:''' Lily, he's not a good person...
:'''Lily:''' But he tells me stowies! He's a good guy!
:{{DIcon}} You can consider this Viktor's farewell gift.
:{{DIcon}} Viktor's going to leave Mondstadt soon.
:'''Lily:''' Eh? Why does he have to go...
:'''Rudolf:''' *sigh* He's leaving? Fine. I was beside myself with worry every day, what with that fellow talking to Lily every day and all.
:'''Lily:''' Dadda, I wanna say bye bye to the Fatooey man!
:'''Rudolf:''' *sigh* Lily, you shouldn't get too close to that man.
:'''Lily:''' But why? That Fatooey... He's been really nice to me!
:'''Lily:''' He tells me stowies. Lots of stowies! He's nice!
:'''Rudolf:''' Lily, listen to Daddy. Things aren't that simple... *sigh* You know what? Daddy will tell you more when you're older.

;(Talk to Lily or Rudolf again)
:'''Lily:''' But Dadda, he really is a good guy, and he tells great stowies!
:'''Rudolf:''' Lily, things aren't that simple... *sigh* You know what? Daddy will tell you more when you're older.
----

;(Talk to Viktor)
:'''Viktor:''' Did you send the present to Lily?
:{{DIcon}} She's as pleased as punch.
:'''Viktor:''' That's good. I suppose Rudolf had his own two Mora's worth to say on the subject?
:'''Viktor:''' Hmph, you don't even have to say it. No one trusts a Fatuus here in Mondstadt.
:{{DIcon}} When are you leaving?
:'''Viktor:''' The official order hasn't come down yet. I've just packed my things in advance, and I'll be staying at the [[Goth Grand Hotel]] for the time being &mdash; ready to leave at a moment's notice.
:'''Viktor:''' Come on, what's with that serious expression? Are you going to formally bid me farewell?
:{{DIcon}} No.
:'''Viktor:''' Hah, that's right. That's how it should be. We're not friends. We're just ad-hoc partners.
:'''Viktor:''' If you should ever come to Snezhnaya, you can look for me there. We can continue doing business.
:'''Viktor:''' Alright, enough small talk. Here's your payment. Take it. I suppose this will be our last "equivalent exchange" here in Mondstadt.
:'''Viktor:''' *sigh* I just hope my next assignment isn't as troublesome...

;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' *sigh* I just hope my next assignment isn't as troublesome...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Return to Days of Winter
|zhs     = 向冬日回归
|zhs_rm  = Xiàng Dōngrì Huíguī
|zht     = 向冬日回歸
|zht_rm  = Xiàng Dōngrì Huíguī
|zh_tl   = Return to Winter Days
|ja      = 冬への回帰
|ja_rm   = Fuyu he no Kaiki
|ja_tl   = Return to Winter
|ko      = 스네즈나야로 복귀
|ko_rm   = Seunejeunayaro Bokgwi
|ko_tl   = Return to Snezhnaya
|es      = De vuelta al frío
|es_tl   = Return to the Cold
|fr      = Retour aux jours d'hiver
|fr_tl   = Return to Days of Winter
|ru      = Назад в зиму
|ru_tl   = Back in Winter
|th      = หวนคืนสู่เหมันต์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Return to Winter
|vi      = Ngày Trở Về
|vi_tl   = Day Of Return
|de      = Zurück zu den Tagen des Winters
|de_tl   = Back to the Days of Winter
|id      = Kembali ke Hari-Hari Bersalju
|id_tl   = Return to the Snowy Days
|pt      = Retorno para o Inverno
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kış Günlerine Dönüş
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ritorno ai giorni invernali
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:De vuelta al frío]]