{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79041
|image         = Event Quest Returning Curios.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Secret Summer Paradise
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Dreams and First Encounters!]]<!-- I think -->
|characters    = Idyia; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|region        = 
|area          = Veluriyam Mirage
|subarea       = Silver Bottle Courtyard
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Primogem*20;Mora*10,000
}}
'''''Returning Curios''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Secret Summer Paradise]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Idyia]]
# Find the location of the first hidden treasure
# Search for where the "lamplight" and "seat" area
# Report your success to Idyia
# Find the location of the second hidden treasure
# Ride the [[Choo-Choo Cart]]
# Find the location of the second hidden treasure
# Report your success to Idyia
# Find the location of the third hidden treasure
# Search for the [[Hydro Eidolon]]s (0/3)
# Restore the Hydro Eidolons to their original form
# Go to the location of the hidden treasure
# Report your success to Idyia
# Go to the decided location to bury the treasure

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Following Paimon's sage advice: "Chests of hidden Mora &mdash; gotta find 'em all!," you and Paimon decide to visit Idyia again, just to make sure you didn't miss any points of interest within Veluriyam Mirage. This turns out to be perfect timing, as Idyia has prepared something unique...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon receiving quest)
:'''Paimon:''' Now that Paimon thinks about it, we've been in Veluriyam Mirage for some time now. Might there be more interesting places we have yet to discover here?
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we have a chat with Idyia?

;(Talk to Idyia)
:'''Idyia:''' Oh, {{Traveler}}, Paimon! I was wondering where you two might be taking a stroll...
:'''Idyia:''' Aha, let me see! A melody of pure water sings and twists around you, accompanied by the energy of gracefully dancing dewdrops! You two seem to be in good spirits.
:'''Idyia:''' What do you say? Are you interested in sampling more of the delights of the "Veluriyam Mirage"?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe... Even Paimon didn't imagine that Idyia would start speaking more appropriately.
:'''Paimon:''' She seems like a different person... Wait! Is she a different person? Are you another creation of {{sic|Iydia}}...?
:'''Idyia:''' My body has always been my own creation! Alright, that's enough talking about bygone days!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Idyia seems much more lively. That's so wonderful!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, wait... What were we talking about?
:'''Paimon:''' Sampling the delights of the Veluriyam Mirage?
:{{DIcon}} Traveling around can lead to lots of pleasant surprises.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe there's a huge trove of treasure.
:'''Paimon:''' Exactly, great minds think alike! We'll want to explore every nook and cranny of a mysterious place like this!
:'''Paimon:''' Chests of hidden Mora &mdash; gotta find 'em all!
:'''Idyia:''' Aha! I mean truly appreciating this place, not just wandering around it.
:'''Idyia:''' Though if it's treasure you're interested in, why not give the "Returning Curios" project a try? It's an old tradition of our newly revitalized Veluriyam Mirage.
:'''Paimon:''' Returning... Curiosity? Why hasn't Paimon heard you mention this before?
:'''Idyia:''' "Returning Curios," as the name indicates, refers to the multitude of fantastical items that have been swept into the vortex and funneled into the Veluriyam Mirage.
:'''Idyia:''' This project goes back many a year. Originally, a veteran adventurer stopped here and was deeply moved by the scenery.
:'''Idyia:''' *ahem* It goes without saying that my hospitality helped considerably.
:'''Idyia:''' Anyway, he buried his most prized possessions in the place that touched him most deeply. Those were his "Mementos" &mdash; three pocket watches made of Mora.
:'''Idyia:''' Before leaving, the adventurer left a poetic cipher and asked me to tell it to later guests, to see if they could find it.
:'''Paimon:''' Watches made of Mo&mdash;Mora? Sounds shiny! And valuable!
:'''Idyia:''' I don't know how valuable they are, but when I mentioned it to later guests, they were even more excited than Paimon. They swore to retrieve the treasures left by that adventurer!
:'''Idyia:''' Unfortunately, though they searched the whole Veluriyam Mirage, they were still unable to find the treasure trove hidden by the cipher.
:'''Idyia:''' But in the process of searching, many guests began to relax and enjoy themselves, and lost all traces of the nervousness they had when they first entered the Mirage.
:'''Idyia:''' Though they never found the adventurer's treasure, they found the idea fascinating, and chose to leave behind their own gifts in the Mirage, burying their stories and entrusting me with their care.
:'''Idyia:''' In the end, though I never expected this, it has become a sort of tradition here.
:'''Idyia:''' This is "Returning Curios" &mdash; Deciphering ciphers to reveal the treasures of guests' past! And then, passing down our own stories.
:{{DIcon}} What about the watches?
:{{DIcon}} Were they ever found?
:'''Idyia:''' Ah... haha... Now that you mention it... what did happen to the watches...?
:'''Idyia:''' I only remember the stories he wanted to tell. Uh, right... what was the cipher again? Give me a moment, let me check to see if there are any records...
:'''Paimon:''' Idyia! Didn't you promise the adventurer? You need to be more reliable!
:'''Idyia:''' Don't blame me! It was ages ago. There's been so many guests since then too, just stories upon stories... how can anyone expect me to memorize everything?
:'''Idyia:''' Anyway, it's not about the value of the treasure or the watch, but the stories hidden inside the treasures!
:'''Idyia:''' Yes, that's it! As long as the stories live on, treasures and such are just the cherry on top!
:'''Idyia:''' Wh-What do you think? Would you like to join the tradition of Returning Curios? After all, the special Memento you leave will be retrieved by someone else in the far future.
:'''Idyia:''' Imagine how that person will react to seeing your story, and the Memento you chose to leave behind, here and now... it's really fun, isn't it?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon guesses it... kinda makes sense. Leaving gifts and secret messages behind for strangers sounds interesting, and solving riddles to look for hidden treasures makes Paimon giddy!
:'''Paimon:''' Ideally, we'll also get a ton of Mora while we're at it.
:{{DIcon}} After all, a gem ringed with gold is much prettier.
:{{DIcon}} And my romanticism needs a reasonable reimbursement.
:'''Idyia:''' Don't sweat it! According to the rules of old, each guest can hear one cipher and find one treasure.
:'''Idyia:''' As you're my special guests, I'll give you three tries. Each cipher matches one of the treasure troves. And besides the stories told by each Memento, there's plenty of Mora to be found as well!
:'''Paimon:''' Good, good! That's perfect, Idyia!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know how impressive this mysterious adventurer was, but they couldn't be better than Paimon and {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's help continue this tradition too! We can bury a story here that belongs only to us, then we can think about what Memento and cipher to leave while we search!
:'''Idyia:''' Then it's settled! Right, listen carefully to the first cipher...
:'''Idyia:''' "A sweet mist permeates all, gazing toward the dancing lamplight, I almost forget to breathe. In the end, memories of childhood guide me, and I take my seat beside the table in peace..."
:'''Idyia:''' Okay, the Returning Curios journey has begun! Remember the cipher, try hard to solve it, and locate the treasure!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... The cipher mentions "sweet mist..."
:'''Paimon:''' Doesn't that refer to being hungry and wanting to eat something? Paimon thinks we'll find something if we search some restaurants!

;(Talk to Idyia again)
:'''Idyia:''' You have already begun your part in the Returning Curios tradition. What's keeping you here? Any questions?
:{{DIcon}} Could you please repeat the cipher?
:'''Idyia:''' Sure, no problem!
:'''Idyia:''' "A sweet mist permeates all, gazing toward the dancing lamplight, I almost forget to breathe. In the end, memories of childhood guide me, and I take my seat beside the table in peace..."
:'''Idyia:''' You shouldn't have a problem remembering it this time! Such a simple riddle should prove no obstacle to you!
:{{DIcon}} We'll be back in a flash!
:'''Idyia:''' Such confidence! Looks like you need no encouragement from me.

;(Approach the table and chairs)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, there seems to be some mystery hidden here! Let's take a closer look!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers that the cipher also mentioned something like... "lantern's light" and "take a seat," and stuff. Could this be a crucial piece of information? Or is the place where he stops more important?

;(Open the treasure revealed by sitting at the table)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! The treasure appeared once we took a seat by the table with the lit lantern!
:'''Paimon:''' However, other than Mora, there's just this tattered bag in here... Could this be the "memento" chosen by the person who hid the treasure here?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't quite understand what they are implying... Let's go back and ask Idyia.
;(Obtain {{Item|"Returning Curios" Memento (I)}})
----
;(Talk to Idyia)
:'''Idyia:''' Back so soon? Such skilled treasure hunters!
:'''Paimon:''' Haha, the first cipher was too easy. We knew where to go immediately!
:'''Paimon:''' But... what was with the Memento inside the chest?
:'''Paimon:''' It seems like... it's from a person who gets hungry easily and stands outside restaurants enticed by the smell of food. The Memento is their snack bag, right?
:'''Idyia:''' You're not completely wrong, but not totally right either.
:'''Idyia:''' The traveler who left this first chest was a disciplined warrior.
:'''Idyia:''' When I saw him in the desert, he was covered in wounds great and small. It was clear he had survived a bitter struggle.
:'''Idyia:''' A tired, hungry person would obviously be drawn to the smell of a restaurant! It makes sense such circumstances would inspire written words, even a few lines of poetry.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! That's actually really different from what we thought...
:'''Paimon:''' Why was he fighting in the desert?
:'''Idyia:''' If I speak too much, and add my own interpretations, it will color your perceptions and you won't experience their story as they wanted it told.
:'''Idyia:''' The Memento still has his notes. Take some time to read them if you're curious.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, fine. In that case, {{Traveler}}, you read it when you have time, and then tell Paimon the important bits.
:'''Idyia:''' Let's move on, I want to share the cipher for the next treasure trove.
:'''Idyia:''' "A shooting star of vines carries me, traversing a forest so quiet and peaceful, to finally arrive in secluded dreamland so pure."
:'''Idyia:''' What do you think? This one will keep you guessing. Activate all those smarts of yours and find the second treasure trove!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' The cipher mentions vines, being undisturbed, and... a dream? Paimon doesn't really understand these things... but they sound familiar for some reason.
:'''Paimon:''' There's also another keyword: "shooting star." If that's an analogy, could it have something to do with the Choo-Choo Cart we rode?
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's take a look at the nearby Choo-Choo Cart!

;(Talk to Idyia again)
:'''Idyia:''' Hmm? Taking your time? It won't be so easy this time, you know!
:{{DIcon}} Could you please repeat the cipher?
:'''Idyia:''' Okay, fine! I'll admit, they aren't easy to memorize.
:'''Idyia:''' "A shooting star of vines carries me, traversing a forest so quiet and peaceful, to finally arrive in secluded dreamland so pure."
:'''Idyia:''' Now you've got it!
:{{DIcon}} I'm heading out, then.
:'''Idyia:''' Great! May your treasure hunt be a success!

;(Approach the Choo-Choo Cart)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, we found something! We haven't activated this Choo-Choo Cart before. Maybe this is it!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's get on and see what happens, {{Traveler}}!

;(While riding the Choo-Choo Cart)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! This Choo-Choo Cart's track is going all over the place. Is it really compatible with the metaphor of "a shooting star of vines"?
:'''Paimon:''' What kind of shooting star would leave such a winding trail behind it?

;(Open the Exquisite Chest)
:;(Obtain {{Item|"Returning Curios" Memento (II)}})
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe! Paimon's hunches are pretty spot-on, huh? We managed to find the second treasure even though it was so well-hidden!
:'''Paimon:''' The memento this time is an ordinary box... There seems to be something inside it, and there's some noise inside when we shake it.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders what will happen if we open it now... Let's go and ask Idyia!
----
;(Talk to Idyia)
:'''Idyia:''' Took you longer this time, huh. Guess you're enjoying solving the riddles!
:'''Idyia:''' So, what did you find besides Mora?
:{{DIcon}} Just a simple box.
:{{DIcon}} Quite unremarkable.
:'''Paimon:''' Can we open it? But what if there's a creepy doll that pops out? Or fireworks that burst out with a bang!
:'''Idyia:''' Oooh, yes, adding surprises to Mementos is a great idea. I'll suggest it to other guests too!
:'''Idyia:''' But in this case, this is the standard box that I provide to guests. The guest that left this behind was quite serious, though, so you can rest assured there are no shenanigans!
:'''Idyia:''' She was a lost student who woke up one day and found herself in the middle of the desert. She stumbled across the Veluriyam Mirage whilst searching for landmarks.
:'''Idyia:''' It seemed like she hadn't finished her schoolwork, so she couldn't stay long. I was flustered too, unable to show her proper hospitality. Even now, I feel guilty about it...
:'''Idyia:''' Luckily, her standards were really low! Just sitting in a quiet place stargazing was enough. Her other request was to have a closed, secluded environment to rest in.
:'''Idyia:''' So I found that cave for her. Before she left, I also sealed the cave with vines, so that she could sleep there in peace whenever she wished!
:'''Paimon:''' No wonder the cipher mentioned a dreamland. No one would bother you sleeping in a cave like that!
:'''Paimon:''' But waking up in a strange place... that sounds familiar.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe as she was sleeping on a carriage, and got thrown off? Perhaps by a grouchy driver?
:'''Paimon:''' As Idyia said, Paimon thinks it would be best to wait until we've cleared our heads, then we can try tackling the tale of the mysterious student again!
:'''Paimon:''' There's just one chest left to find now! Come on, {{Traveler}}, let's finish all of the Returning Curios!
:'''Paimon:''' If you really can't wait, go ahead and read it without Paimon! You're a fast reader, it should only take you a moment to read a couple pages.
:{{DIcon}} I won't spoil the surprise for you.
::'''Paimon:''' Great! Paimon will drink some milk before sleeping, then take her time reading the stories to truly appreciate this student's extraordinary experience.
:{{DIcon}} Let me read it first, then I'll tell you everything.
::'''Paimon:''' Alright! With your storytelling, Paimon will be captivated!
::'''Idyia:''' Ah! Dividing up the work with just a few words is a testament to your great and practiced teamwork.
:'''Idyia:''' So let's continue the Returning Curios, shall we? Listen carefully to the third treasure's cipher...
:'''Idyia:''' "A blue, spotless ceiling, a floor of white candy, soft companions surround me, I too have wings!"
:'''Idyia:''' *ahem* Something so simple. Anyone would know where to go immediately!
:'''Idyia:''' Well, it's easy to see, at least. Reaching it however...
:'''Idyia:''' This should be fun to watch!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' The tone of the third cipher... sounds like one a child would use. Let's think. Where can we find blue rooftops and candy white floors...
:'''Paimon:''' Could this be another analogy? The blue rooftop could be the sky above us, and the white candy floor could be the clouds under our feet.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, Paimon thinks that makes sense! Let's take a look at the highest point of the Veluriyam Mirage. We'll definitely find some clues there!

;(Talk to Idyia again)
:'''Idyia:''' What is it? Do you need to review the cipher? Though the words are simple, the logic isn't, so it can be hard to remember...
:{{DIcon}} I do indeed need to hear it again.
:'''Idyia:''' Do try and remember it this time!
:'''Idyia:''' "A blue, spotless ceiling, a floor of white candy, soft companions surround me, I too have wings!"
:'''Idyia:''' Go, my friends, with the same happy feelings that the author of the cipher had!
:{{DIcon}} No problem, I've already memorized it!
:'''Idyia:''' Of course you did! Looks like I was worried for nothing.

;(Approach the Hydro Eidolons)
:'''Paimon:''' Over there! Looks like we've got three Water Droplets wandering around...
:'''Paimon:''' Did we scare them? They broke off suddenly.
:'''Paimon:''' A soft buddy... Maybe that's a Water Droplet? That puts us on the right track, then! Let's follow it!

;(Follow the Hydro Eidolon around the island)
:{{DIcon}} Please go back to the original spot...

;(Approach the Hydro Eidolon to the west)
:;(It transforms into a [[Bloatty Floatty]])
:'''Paimon:''' The Water Droplet turned into some special things... Maybe they need to be restored to their original form before we can return to decrypt the cipher.

;(After shooting all three balloons)
:{{DIcon}} Please go back to the original spot...

;(After defeating the Fungi around the Hydro Eidolon to the south)
:{{DIcon}} Please go back to the original spot...

;(Approach the [[Clusterleaf of Cultivation]])
:'''Paimon:''' We were right! The Water Droplets can gather together to unlock the seal of the Clusterleaf of Cultivation!
<!--:'''Paimon:''' If we follow the Four-Leaf Sigils, we should find the place where the treasure is hidden...-->
:;(The three Hydro Eidolons activate the Clusterleaf of Cultivation)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's so high and so far away... Let's go higher up. We should be able to reach it then!

;(Approach the island)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! We've gotten so high up! We might've missed the view here if we weren't searching for Returning Curios's treasure.

;(Investigate the southern viewpoint, optional)<!--Gaze from afar-->
:'''Paimon:''' The valley looks completely different when you look down at it from high above... Amazing!

;(Investigate the northern viewpoint, optional)<!--Gaze from afar-->
:'''Paimon:''' The glowing mist over there was created by lights of various colors, right? That's so... spectacular!

;(Investigate the eastern viewpoint, optional)<!--Gaze from afar-->
:'''Paimon:''' Look! We've been to the theater over there before, haven't we! So many buildings are still visible even from this far away... What an awesome view!

;(Open the Luxurious Chest)
:;(Obtain {{Item|"Returning Curios" Memento (III)}})
:'''Paimon:''' Hooray! We found the last treasure! The memento is a... blueprint this time? Paimon doesn't understand what's drawn on it...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. If you think about it, that simple cipher really did pay attention to every key point. The person who hid this treasure must be pretty amazing!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's ask Idyia about it when we meet her!
----
;(Talk to Idyia)
:'''Paimon:''' Idyia, we're back!
:'''Paimon:''' We succeeded, big time! All three treasures are ours!
:'''Idyia:''' Oh, that fast? I knew you were no ordinary person, but I didn't expect it to be this easy... How was your experience? Special?
:{{DIcon}} It certainly was high enough up.
:{{DIcon}} Great scenery on the way, though.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoever left that third treasure behind is a child at heart! They used creative metaphors, and their clues were right on the money.
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon guess, are they some kind of fairy tale author or something?
:'''Idyia:''' Those aren't metaphors, they're just the real thoughts of a child. The one who left the third treasure behind was actually just a young girl.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, a kid? You're joking, right?
:{{DIcon}} How did she even get up here?
:'''Idyia:''' That child overheard her parents talking about a hidden paradise up in the clouds, where all sorts of beautiful creatures like [[finches]] and [[Crystalflies]] lived. So, she secretly built a big kite, hoping to soar into the clouds and visit her flying friends.
:'''Idyia:''' I don't know if it was because the wind was ignorant, or if it was intentional, but the kite ended up being carried off course. Instead of soaring up to the paradise in the sky, it landed in the middle of the desert.
:'''Idyia:''' The child didn't find her finches and Crystalflies, but she had a wonderful time playing with the gentle Hydro Eidolons, who became her squishy new friends.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, slow down there! You talk so fast that Paimon can hardly keep up!
:'''Paimon:''' And... for a kid to fly all that way on a giant kite, a lot must have happened along the way. You're going too fast, and it seems like we're missing out on a lot of details.
:'''Idyia:''' Look, I really can't explain the sense of wonder that kids feel during their adventures, so you'll just have to experience it for yourselves!
:'''Idyia:''' Besides the message from the child, there are also a few pages from her diary in the box, and the details are really something.
:'''Idyia:''' But before we get to that, there's still one things left to do that is both full of ceremony, but also quite important. Shall we take care of that first?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, you're right! We've found all the treasures, so now it's time to leave a treasure of our own behind.
:'''Paimon:''' It's finally time! Let's put our heads together, {{Traveler}}. Where would be the perfect spot to bury our treasure?
:'''Paimon:''' We have to think this through carefully. We can't be scatterbrained about it!
:{{DIcon}} Someplace high up in the Silver Bottle Courtyard?
::'''Paimon:''' A spot up high, huh? Sounds like a plan!
::'''Idyia:''' Hiding it up somewhere high is a great choice! The views and experiences along the way will be truly unforgettable.
::'''Idyia:''' And of course, mastering the art of scaling difficult terrain is a skill worth learning.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we should definitely consider the route. Let's not put it in a spot that's too steep, or else the next guest might not be able to make it up there.
::{{DIcon}} The greater the challenge, the more satisfying the reward.
::{{DIcon}} I believe future guests will be capable climbers.
::'''Paimon:''' That's a good point! It's like how a big meal tastes better after a hard day of work!
::'''Paimon:''' Solving riddles and finding treasures is so satisfying!
::'''Paimon:''' Someplace high it is, then. Let's head out!
:{{DIcon}} Let's hide it near the lake.
::'''Paimon:''' By the lakeside? Uh... Anything special about that spot?
::{{DIcon}} The scenery there is really pretty?
:::'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, that's a good point.
:::'''Paimon:''' Finding treasure in an already beautiful spot would make them even happier!
::{{DIcon}} This is a water paradise, after all.
:::'''Paimon:''' A "water" paradise?
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees what you did there. It's because the theme of Veluriyam Mirage is water, right?
:::'''Paimon:''' Water is definitely the foundation of this place. You hit the nail on the head!
:::'''Idyia:''' In a meaningful moment such as this, {{Traveler}} is still thinking about such things...! I... I'm truly touched!
::{{DIcon}} Haha, I didn't put that much thought into it.
:::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Is it okay to be so casual about it? This is a very important decision, after all!
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon thinks things like that have definitely happened already. Even without a plan, sometimes you still get a great result...
:::'''Paimon:''' So that was your plan all along! Paimon totally gets it now.
::'''Paimon:''' Beside the lake it is, then. Let's go!
:{{DIcon}} How about placing it at the entrance of Veluriyam Mirage?
::'''Paimon:''' The entrance? You mean... we'll put the treasure chest right by the door?
::'''Idyia:''' That's pretty direct. Interesting. This is the first time someone has suggested a hiding spot like that.
::'''Idyia:''' But if you do that, won't it be too easy for other guests to find the treasure?
::{{DIcon}} Let's keep it simple.
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to make it too difficult for others.
::'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon gets what you mean! Probably.
::'''Paimon:''' Because we've struggled really hard to get to treasure chests purposely stuck in hard-to-reach areas, right? You don't want others to suffer like we have?
::'''Paimon:''' That makes sense. Maybe we'll start a trend, and who knows, someday we'll start finding treasure chests all over the place!
::'''Paimon:''' Let's go to the entrance of Veluriyam Mirage. Time to head out!
:'''Idyia:''' Hold on, please take this first!
:'''Idyia:''' This is a special box imbued with the power of the Hydro Eidolons, which can greatly extend the storage time of Mementos and prevent them from deteriorating over time.
:'''Idyia:''' And as for the Memento you choose, you can keep it a secret from me if you want.
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome! This really helps!
:'''Paimon:''' With a fantastic container like this, we can store fresh things like fresh fruit and herbs and yummy food for a long time...
:'''Paimon:''' But if we don't tell everything to Idyia... Will you still be able to pass along the cipher to other guests?
:'''Idyia:''' It's all about mystery and surprise!
:'''Idyia:''' Hehe, the treasure you leave behind will become the crown jewel of the Returning Curios project, every bit as impressive as the original Mora Pocketwatch!
:'''Idyia:''' I can't wait to see what kind of guest will find your treasure and how they'll react to your Memento...
:'''Idyia:''' Will I be able to tell at a glance that this keepsake was left by you?
:'''Idyia:''' I'm getting so excited!
:{{DIcon}} Idyia has given us so many surprises.
:{{DIcon}} Now it's our turn to return the favor.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon understands now...
:'''Paimon:''' Then we need to choose a really special "Memento" to make sure that Idyia can understand what we're trying to say with just a glance!
:'''Paimon:''' And then, Idyia should write us a letter and tell us the good news!
:'''Idyia:''' Very well, then it is settled!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Memento Collection Box}})

;(Talk to Idyia again)
:'''Idyia:''' Yes... Just what kind of keepsake will you leave? Hmm... Will the future me be able to recognize it right away...?
:'''Idyia:''' Just follow your hearts, and bury whatever treasure you desire! No hints! I'm looking forward to the surprise!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm! Paimon thinks this place is perfect! Guess this is our Returning Curios treasure site now!

;(Bury the treasure)
:'''Paimon:''' It's finally time! Paimon is getting a bit worked up!
:'''Paimon:''' So, what do you want to leave behind, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} How about a photo of the two of us?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean take a picture with the Kamera?
::'''Paimon:''' It's just a picture, would anyone really care about that?
::{{DIcon}} Pictures may not be rare, but the important thing is we're in it.
::{{DIcon}} We're both pretty big deals.
::'''Paimon:''' That's true! We've already accomplished some really amazing things, and it wouldn't be exaggerating to say that we're living legends!
::'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon picture how excited those guests will be when they find our photo...
::{{DIcon}} Maybe they'll scream with joy and excitement.
:::'''Paimon:''' Right! Anyone who's had dealings with the Adventurers' Guild is sure to be ecstatic.
:::'''Paimon:''' They'll think to themselves, "I can't believe I found the treasure left behind by the great adventurer {{Traveler}} and Lady Paimon" and be happy for weeks.
:::'''Paimon:''' Of course, Paimon hopes that such experiences will inspire them, give them the motivation to overcome obstacles, hone their adventuring skills, and bring them closer to the people they admire in their hearts.
::{{DIcon}} Or they'll be confused: "Who are these two?"
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... well, it'll be okay even if someone who doesn't know anything about famous adventurers finds it. They can take our photo to the nearest town and ask around, someone'll set them straight in no time!
:::'''Paimon:''' After all, we're already famous and getting moreso by the day, hehe...
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, taking a selfie is a great idea. Let's go with that!
::{{Black Screen|You set up the Kamera, find a good angle, and take a bunch of photos with Paimon. Then you pick out the best one together...}}
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, this one looks great!
::'''Paimon:''' This reminds Paimon. We should take more photos together in the future, so we'll have even more treasured memories!
::'''Paimon:''' Maybe one day, when we're running low on Mora, we can choose some pictures, make a photo album, and sell it for a pretty penny!
:{{DIcon}} What if we leave a weapon behind?
::'''Paimon:''' A weapon? That's a classic choice!
::'''Paimon:''' Weapons in Veluriyam Mirage have a mysterious aura about them... maybe they'll be seen as some kind of legendary weaponry!
::'''Paimon:''' But the whole vibe of Returning Curios is really chill and wholesome. Is it okay to leave a weapon behind?
::{{DIcon}} Martial mastery and pleasant vacations aren't mutually exclusive.
::{{DIcon}} To enjoy life, first crush your enemies.
::'''Paimon:''' Exactly! That's what we do!
::'''Paimon:''' But there's a problem... we're not rich enough to just give away amazing weapons, are we?
::'''Paimon:''' If we leave a really rare weapon behind, then it's a bit unfair to us...
::'''Paimon:''' But if it's just an ordinary weapon you can buy at the blacksmith's, then it won't be special enough...
::{{DIcon}} Solution: I'll craft one myself.
::{{DIcon}} A "customized weapon for travelers" is even more prestigious!
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, what? You're gonna make a weapon yourself?
::'''Paimon:''' You don't know the first thing about being a blacksmith! Can you really pull it off?
::'''Paimon:''' Even if you've been secretly reading books while Paimon sleeps and are already a jack of all trades, you still need specialized equipment, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Do we have to build a whole blacksmith's forge just to leave behind a treasure?
::{{DIcon}} I have my ways.
::{{DIcon}} Just watch me, Paimon.
::{{Black Screen|As Paimon looks at you in bewilderment, you take out some wood and make a wooden sword with some deft carving.}}
::'''Paimon:''' Uh... the shape looks right at least, but it doesn't look like you can actually fight with it.
::'''Paimon:''' A single hit from a hilichurl's wooden stick would probably break it.
::{{DIcon}} It's not about performance, it's about spirit!
::{{DIcon}} This sword can pass on my spirit!
::'''Paimon:''' Uhhh... is that true?
::'''Paimon:''' It does kinda make sense now that Paimon thinks about it.
::'''Paimon:''' You don't need a powerful weapon to have exciting battles with tough opponents.
::'''Paimon:''' Of course, you can't do squat without a solid foundation, but spirit is really important! Otherwise, you won't reach your full potential.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, let's say in the message that it's a wooden training sword. Just holding it in your hand can boost your confidence and help you overcome any enemies in the future!
:{{DIcon}} Let's leave a [[Sweet Flower]] as our treasure.
::'''Paimon:''' A Sweet Flower? Really? Paimon thought we'd choose something better, something more special.
::'''Paimon:''' Imagine for a moment... An adventurer who's been on an incredible journey to the Mirage, finally finding the ultimate treasure of the Returning Curios, left behind by legendary adventurers.
::'''Paimon:''' ... and then, ta-da! A Sweet Flower appears! Paimon wonders what kind of expression they'd have.
::'''Paimon:''' So... why a Sweet Flower?
::{{DIcon}} It's the flower we found at the beginning of our journey.
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Sorry, Paimon doesn't quite remember...
:::'''Paimon:''' Wait a second, Paimon thinks that's right.
:::'''Paimon:''' While we were in Starfell Valley, we picked a few Sweet Flowers without really thinking about it.
:::'''Paimon:''' So for future top chef {{Traveler}} and super foodie Paimon, Sweet Flowers are like the starting point, the beginning of everything.
:::'''Paimon:''' For an experienced adventurer, a Sweet Flower could be very meaningful.
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now! It's actually a brilliant choice, and full of meaning! Just as expected from you... Paimon hopes future guests will see it the same way!
::{{DIcon}} It's also an important ingredient that you love, Paimon.
:::'''Paimon:''' It's... it's actually about Paimon, too?
:::'''Paimon:''' You're right, many of Paimon's favorite dishes use Sweet Flowers.
:::'''Paimon:''' Hehehe! When you look at it like that, Sweet Flowers are already really unique!
:::'''Paimon:''' When you think about it, who doesn't like something sweet, right?
:::'''Paimon:''' Some chefs might even consider Sweet Flowers to be an extremely rare and precious ingredient!
:::'''Paimon:''' Especially after seeing our message, they'll definitely give this Sweet Flower an impressive name!
:::'''Paimon:''' Something like, "Preserved for centuries, this priceless Sweet Flower was discovered in the Veluriyam Mirage, and is the legendary Paimon's favorite delicacy!"
::'''Paimon:''' Yay! Sweet Flower it is then!
:{{Black Screen|Together with Paimon, you choose a "Memento" and place it inside the storage box that Idyia provided.<br>As you are writing your message, you have a deep discussion with Paimon about what to include in addition to your brief description of your "Memento" and why it is special.}}
:{{Black Screen|Your experiences in Veluriyam Mirage were so rich and colorful that you didn't know which one to choose.<br>Even the sights and sounds inside the Veluriyam Mirage are spectacular.}}
:{{Black Screen|Ultimately, you settled on a blessing for "companionship" and "happiness without worry": To the traveler who finds this chest, may your travels be filled with joy and free of care, and your companions always be by your side. Enjoy your time vacationing within the Veluriyam Mirage!}}
:'''Paimon:''' Mission complete! The ultimate treasure of "Returning Curios" has been buried!
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, it's a strange feeling, planting the seeds of a story for the future instead of uncovering something left behind by an unknown predecessor...
:{{DIcon}} Hopefully we'll see those seeds sprout soon.
:'''Paimon:''' They'll definitely bear fruit!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, now we just have to wait for Idyia's response!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Post-Quest Dialogue===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Investigate nearby spot, optional)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Mysterious Mora Pocketwatch}})
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on? Why is there another memento hidden here?
:'''Paimon:''' Did we dig up someone else's treasure? Um, but Idyia hasn't told us the cipher yet. Does this count as breaking the rules?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, hold on! Could this be...
:'''Paimon:''' It's the legendary Mora Pocketwatch!

;(Talk to Idyia, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Idyia! Emergency, huge news!
:'''Paimon:''' We found a pocket watch! Look! Is this the legendary Mora Pocketwatch!?
:{{DIcon}} It's gold and shiny on the outside!
:{{DIcon}} It has Mora engraved on it!
:'''Idyia:''' Hmm, let me take a look...
:'''Idyia:''' Y-You really found it!? Is this ordained by destiny?
:'''Idyia:''' The ultimate prize left by the mysterious adventurer was found by the legendary Traveler...
:'''Idyia:''' I sense some sort of... spiritual legacy!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon is really happy to be praised like that, but Paimon is more curious about what happens next...
:{{DIcon}} Will we get additional rewards?
:{{DIcon}} Will it trigger a hidden event?
:'''Idyia:''' N-Nothing like that...
:'''Idyia:''' Actually, it never occurred to me that someone would find this pocket watch... After all, even I forgot where it was buried.
:'''Idyia:''' But it's valuable on its own, right? Right!? Additional rewards from me are unnecessary...
:'''Idyia:''' Anyway, I'll be writing this down, with just the right amount of flair, of course. I'll transform it into an exciting and thrilling story for my future guests.
:'''Idyia:''' Now, the treasure you buried will be replacing this Mora Pocketwatch!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, that's right! We talked about that too, it's about the stories hidden inside the treasure.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's study this watch a little longer, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Paimon:''' Idyia, please write a really exciting story about us!
:'''Idyia:''' Don't worry, leave it to me!

;(Talk to Idyia after obtaining {{Item|Absolution-Seeker's Testament}}, optional)
:'''Idyia:''' Oh, it's you two. What is it? You look like you have questions.
:'''Idyia:''' If it's answers about Veluriyam Mirage that you seek, then you've come to the right person. I know Veluriyam Mirage like the ripples on my palm.
:{{DIcon}} You have... wave-like wrinkles?
::'''Idyia:''' It's just a metaphor! I'd never have any wrinkles, never!
:{{DIcon}} Really? Let me have a look!
::'''Idyia:''' I-It's just a metaphor. It's no different from your palm print. Nothing special, really.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let Paimon bring you up to speed! We found this letter in the park!
:'''Paimon:''' Idyia, you must know where this came from, right?
:'''Idyia:''' Of course, it's obviously from... Huh? It's my first time seeing such a letter...
:'''Paimon:''' The ripples on your palm aren't looking too clear now...
:'''Idyia:''' S-Someone must have buried it while I wasn't paying attention. It's not surprising that I'm seeing it for the first time now.
:'''Idyia:''' And based on its contents, it's closer to a will and a chronicle than a letter. But who? The tone of the writing feels quite familiar...
:{{DIcon}} It seems related to the [[Shinrou Casket]]?
:'''Idyia:''' Ah! Now that you mentioned it, you're right, it is from the old man who brought the Shinrou Casket. It's... it's something that happened not too long after I arrived in the bottle.
:'''Idyia:''' The old man was from Inazuma. His first question upon arriving here was whether this Domain fulfills wishes, and he wanted to be sent to a battlefield of the past...
:'''Idyia:''' I tried to explain it to him, but... His physical condition was terrible when he arrived, and even his mind was clearly at its limit from his arduous journey...
:'''Idyia:''' He kept repeating things like "I beg you, send me back to that day" or "send me back to that war..."
:'''Idyia:''' So, I used the bottle's mirage to recreate the battlefield from his mind.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! So when he mentioned "finally returning" in the letter...
:'''Idyia:''' It's probably because when he woke up in a daze, the mirage surrounding him was already the image of the battlefield in his memories. It was quite a scary battlefield, but he had such a big smile on his face.
:'''Idyia:''' Why would someone wish to see something so terrifying in their last moments?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it means something special to him?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's more exciting that way.
:'''Idyia:''' I don't know. But he looked very satisfied, in the end.
:'''Idyia:''' If there was a wish he had to fulfill in a place like that, the years he spent carrying that burden must have been really hard.
:'''Idyia:''' The Shinrou Casket was a big help in restarting the Central Hub. So, I owe Mr. Hideie a debt of gratitude.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* While talking to Idyia regarding "Returning Curios" Memento (II), Paimon hints that the Rtawahist student may be [[Layla]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Returning Curios
|zhs     = 千奇澴回
|zhs_rm  = Qiānqí Huánhuí
|zht     = 千奇澴回
|zht_rm  = Qiānqí Huánhuí
|zh_tl   = The Turbulent Returning Tide of a Thousand Curiosities
|ja      = 千奇旋水
|ja_rm   = Senkisensui{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 기묘한 물림
|ko_tl   = Marvelous Conveyance
|es      = La Marea de las Mil Maravillas
|es_tl   = The Tide of a Thousand Wonders
|fr      = La myriade de curiosités
|fr_tl   = The Myriad of Curiosities
|ru      = Круговорот тысячи чудес
|ru_tl   = Cycle of a Thousand Wonders
|th      = ห้วงธารสารพันพิศวง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vạn Vật Kỳ Ảo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Rückkehr der tausend Wunder
|de_tl   = Return of a Thousand Wonders
|id      = Rasa Penasaran yang Kembali
|id_tl   = The Returning Curiosity
|pt      = Retorno dos Mil Tesouros
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tuhaf Dönüşler
|tr_tl   = Weird Returns 
|it      = Riscoperte preziose
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Retorno dos Mil Tesouros]]
[[ru:Круговорот тысячи чудес]]