{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00384
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Reunion with the Dragon.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 13
|startLocation = [[Starsnatch Cliff]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Starsnatch Cliff
|prev          = Crystal Tears
|next          = Abyss Mage (Quest)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*325;Primogem*20;Mora*8,050;Memory of Roving Gales*1;Character EXP*4,200;Fine Enhancement Ore*9;Damaged Holy Lyre der Himmel*1
|characters    = Diluc;Jean;Paimon;Traveler;Venti;Traveler's Sibling;Dvalin
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=13}}

==Steps==
# Go to Starsnatch Cliff
# Talk to [[Venti]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest will grant the {{Achievement|For a Tomorrow Without Tears (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Dvalin]]'s tears restored the [[Completely Repaired Holy Lyre der Himmel|Holy Lyre]] back to its full power. Now, you are finally ready to purify Stormterror.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Everyone is finally here.
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a view...
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Lovely for a fated reunion, isn't it?
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, we must be prepared for a fight.
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Regardless of the outcome, things finally seem to be taking a turn for the better.
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Mondstadt has really been going through so much recently...
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Huh! In the end, the solution to our problem was as simple as a traveler and a song.
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I suppose the [[Knights of Favonius]] may have played a part in it too...
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, we get it, Master Diluc... Everyone, please step aside!
:{{A|vo mdaq062 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I, the best wandering bard of the mortal world, shall begin my performance with the Holy Lyre.
{{Cutscene Description|As your conversation with Dvalin reaches a critical moment, an Abyss Mage suddenly appears and bewitches the dragon. Blinded by his hatred for Mondstadt, Dvalin takes flight and departs in a rage.}}
:;(Venti plays the lyre and Dvalin appears)
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 01.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' You have come...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 02.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' What has been done cannot be undone...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If so, then why do I see sadness in your eyes?
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Sadness that speaks of your yearning for this song...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 03.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' Grr...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' They are... communicating... Huh?
:;(Venti is attacked and a Cryo Abyss Mage reveals itself by Dvalin)
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! Tone-Deaf Bard!
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 01.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' Do not be fooled by him, dear dragon...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 02.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' He left you to rot alone...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 03.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' Now he attempts to deceive you once more...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 04.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' Barbatos...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 04.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' Let your wrath fester!
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 05.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' Mondstadt has already turned its back on you!
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 05.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' *roars*
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 06.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' You!
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 07.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' You were planning this all along?
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs dvalin 08.ogg}} '''Dvalin:''' To have me slain by them?
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's not like that!<ref group=Note>Actual voice-over: "N&mdash;No, Listen to me!"</ref>
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 06.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' The time has come for the dragon to serve its true master...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 07.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' While you bewail your pathetic selves,
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs abyss 08.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' And watch the world tremble with fear!
::{{A|vo mdaq063 3 cs venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Dvalin...
:;(Cutscene ends)

:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' [[Barbatos|Barbat]]&mdash; Venti, please, be careful...
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe... You've known my true identity for some time now, haven't you Jean?
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Though, I thank you for continuing to use the name Venti.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' How's the Holy Lyre?
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Can it still be played? Or does it need to be repaired?
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wow...
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Unfortunately, I think it's beyond repair...
:{{DIcon}} We can't let this Abyss Mage get away!
::{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 03a.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You're right. If we don't fight the evil at its source, then we can't save Dvalin at all.
:{{DIcon}} Dvalin is in a lot of danger...
::{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 03b 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No, we should make that Abyss Mage pay first!
::{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 03b 2.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If we don't fight the evil at its source, then we can't save Dvalin at all.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' In which case I shall call upon [[Amber|Outrider Amber]] to track it down...
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No need.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Why is that?
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I eradicated one [[Crash Course|not long ago]], in one of the Four Winds' temples.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? When...?
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If you want to track those monsters down, then I'll seek answers from my contacts. I've got other means for getting the job done.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Diluc...
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Though he dislikes the Knights of Favonius, he protects Mondstadt in his own way.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ooh? Why does our little Paimon sound so doting all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Wait for my word.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I'll be sure to let the Abyss Order know that their blatant disregard for Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo mdaq063 4 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...will not go unpunished.

----

;(The [[Traveler's Sibling]] oversees [[Stormterror's Lair]] as two [[Abyss Mage]]s bow to them. After Dvalin flies past, the Cryo Abyss Mage appears behind them as well.)
:{{A|vo mdaq063 5 cs abyss 01.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' Your Highness... Your humble servant returns.
:{{A|vo mdaq063 5 cs abyss 02.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' When your homeland returns to this world...
:{{A|vo mdaq063 5 cs abyss 03.ogg}} '''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' We shall revel in its glory...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Reunion With the Dragon
|zhs     = 与巨龙重逢
|zhs_rm  = Yǔ Jùlóng Chóngféng
|zht     = 與巨龍重逢
|zht_rm  = Yǔ Jùlóng Chóngféng
|zh_tl   = Reunion With the Giant Dragon
|ja      = 巨龍との再会
|ja_rm   = Kyoryuu to no Saikai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Reunion With the Great Dragon
|ko      = 드래곤과의 재회
|ko_rm   = Deuraegon-gwaui Jaehoe
|ko_tl   = Reunion with the Dragon
|es      = Un segundo encuentro
|es_tl   = A Second Encounter
|fr      = Seconde rencontre
|fr_tl   = Second Encounter
|ru      = Вторая встреча
|ru_tl   = Second Meeting
|th      = พบกันอีกครั้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Meeting Again
|vi      = Gặp Gỡ Rồng
|vi_tl   = Meet the Dragon
|de      = Wiedersehen mit dem Drachen
|de_tl   = Reunion With the Dragon
|id      = Pertemuan Kedua
|id_tl   = Second Meeting
|pt      = Um Segundo Encontro
|pt_tl   = A Second Encounter
|tr      = Ejderle Randevu
|tr_tl   = Rendezvous With a Dragon
|it      = Incontro col drago
|it_tl   = Encounter With the Dragon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Un segundo encuentro]]
[[ja:巨龍との再会]]
[[pt-br:Um Segundo Encontro]]
[[vi:Gặp Gỡ Rồng]]