{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 1.0]]
* The quest was renamed to Reunion With the Dragon.
* The quest description was updated:
** {{Color|Old:}} Dvalin's tears have restored the Holy Lyre back to its full power. Now you are finally ready to purify Stormterror, you proceed to a cliff overlooking a very familiar beach...<br>{{Color|New:}} Dvalin's tears restored the Holy Lyre back to its full power. Now, you are finally ready to purify Stormterror.
----
[[Version 0.9.9]]
* The quest was renamed to Reunion with the Dragon.
* The quest description was updated:
** {{Color|Old:}} You have managed to restore the Holy Lyre back to its full power by using the Tears. You are finally ready to purify Stormterror, so you find yourselves here...<br>{{Color|New:}} Dvalin's tears have restored the Holy Lyre back to its full power. Now you are finally ready to purify Stormterror, you proceed to a cliff overlooking a very familiar beach...
----
[[Version 0.7.1]]
* The dialogue during Dvalin's cutscene was changed (new version is identical to the current version):
** {{Color|Old:}}
:::'''Dvalin:''' Why don't you speak?
:::'''Venti:''' Now that I returned to Mondstadt...
:::'''Venti:''' I've come to meet you after getting the Holy Lyre.
:::'''Dvalin:''' Grr...
:::'''Jean:''' This might work after all...
:::'''Paimon:''' No! Tone-Deaf Bard!
:::'''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' Do you want to know why he's silent?
:::'''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' It's because he gave up on you.
:::'''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' He hates you because you drank that poisoned blood to save Mondstadt.
:::'''Dvalin:''' Barbatos...
:::'''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' You're angry...
:::'''Cryo Abyss Mage:''' Yes, you should unleash your anger!
:::'''Dvalin:''' Aaaaack!
:::'''Dvalin:''' Did these people come to kill me too?
:::'''Venti:''' It's not like that! ''(Note: This line was spoken in CBT1, but was not transcribed or translated.)''
:::'''Dvalin:''' In that case, I'll wreak havoc in your beloved Mondstadt!
:::'''Venti:''' Dvalin...
* The quest ending was updated:
** {{Color|Old:}} After the cutscene with Dvalin, a Hydro Abyss Mage briefly appears before disappearing again, prompting the group to pursue it. The player is teleported to its location outside of Dawn Winery, where it is fought and defeated. Afterwards, the quest proceeds to Hurdle.<br>{{Color|New:}} The Hydro Abyss Mages' appearance after Dvalin's cutscene was removed, while the cutscene featuring the Traveler's Sibling was added. The battle against the Hydro Abyss Mage was moved to a new, unnamed quest in Act III.
----
[[Version 0.0.1]]
* Second Rendezvous was released.