{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19093
|image         = Hangout Event Reunion.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaeya
|actNum        = I
|act           = Shenanigans and Sweet Wine
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kaeya; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = 
|prev          = A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place
|next          = Poems Dedicated to the Wind
|next2         = An Ordinary Day for the Knights of Favonius
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Reunion''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Shenanigans and Sweet Wine}}.

==Steps==
# Return to Mondstadt
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've spent long enough away from Mondstadt. It is time to return.}}
===Memento===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Look, Mondstadt's windmills... Ah, such a comforting sight.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Now, as promised, your souvenir. Here you go.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' According to the merchant I bought it from, mysterious spirits called [[Jinn]] often live in lamps like this, and this lamp in particular once housed a very powerful Jinni.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Merchants love to exaggerate to help make a sale, but it's still quite the pretty little lamp.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I know you like rare things, so perhaps you can add this to your collection. Of course, you can also use it as an ordinary pot. Personally, I think it'd make an excellent wine vessel.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, I'll put it on display.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, I'll use it as a decanter.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You're welcome, I'm glad you like it.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm ready to head into the city now. You're free to join me, or you can make your own schedule.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I could give everyone their souvenirs first... But I'm not sure whether I'm in the mood for running around and visiting people right after the long journey.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Maybe I'll take a breather first... But I know I'll only get bored sitting in my room alone... Ugh, {{Traveler}}, do you have any suggestions?
:{{Hangout Branch|We can chill out together, so you can relax without getting bored.|Poems Dedicated to the Wind}}
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm honored to have such a caring friend.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm... Let's go to the plaza in front of the Cathedral. We can listen to the bards playing or feed the pigeons.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' After so long in Sumeru, I've begun to miss that slow-paced and relaxed atmosphere.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' There's no rush, we can take our time and stroll on over.
:{{Hangout Branch|I can join you for the souvenir-giving, so you have some company.|An Ordinary Day for the Knights of Favonius}}
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Yes, I suppose... Okay. Souvenir run it is. They're mostly people you know, so it'll be a chance for you to say hi to some people you haven't seen in a while.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1909301 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let's start by going to the Knights of Favonius headquarters. Jean and Lisa will definitely be there, and with any luck, we might run into a few others, too.
;(Obtain {{Item|Beautifully-Wrapped Gift Box}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Reunion
|zhs     = 久别重逢
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 久別重逢
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 久方ぶりの再会
|ja_rm   = Hisagataburi no Saikai
|ja_tl   = Reunion After a Long Time
|ko      = 오랜만의 재회
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Un encuentro tras una larga separación
|es_tl   = An Encounter After a Long Separation
|fr      = Réunion
|fr_tl   = Reunion
|ru      = Воссоединение
|ru_tl   = Reunion
|th      = พบกันอีกครั้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hội Ngộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Wiedersehen nach langer Trennung
|de_tl   = A Reunion After Long Separation
|id      = Reuni
|id_tl   = Reunion
|pt      = Reunião
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kavuşma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Riunione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[es:Un encuentro tras una larga separación]]