{{Quest Infobox
|id              = 75002
|image           = World Quest Revelations from the Past.png
|type            = World
|chapter         = Between Pledge and Forgettance
|requirement     = 
|characters      = Little One; Manqu; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation   = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region          = Natlan
|area            = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea         = 
|prev            = Rite of the Bold
|next            = The Road Ahead
|rewards         = Adventure EXP*450;Primogem*50;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4;
|dialogueRewards = Golden Entreaty (Revelations from the Past)*1;The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames*1
|otherRewards    = 
* [[Your Saurian companion!]] Avatar
}}
'''''Revelations from the Past''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]. It begins automatically after completing {{Quest|Rite of the Bold|showChapter=0}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the entrance to [[Hall of Parting Vows|the ruins]]<!--
-->{{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
# Place the [[Talisman of Waxaklahun Ubah Kan|talisman]]
# Open the barrier blocking the entrance to the ruins
# Explore the ruins
# Investigate the ruins
# Open the barrier
# Meet up with {{Little One}}
# Explore the ruins
# Investigate the ruins
# Traverse the corridor
# Unlock the mechanism
# Examine the mural
# Meet up with {{Little One}}
# Continue the trial
# Traverse the lava
#* Enter the portal to [[Catastrophe's Edge]]
# Defeat the opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*3/Abyss-corroded variant}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*3/Abyss-corroded variant}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|1=Abyss-Corroded Golden Wolflord*0{text=Abyss-Corroded Golden Wolflord &mdash; Boundary-Eroding Beast from Beyond} }}
# Touch the inscription
# Continue onward
# Obtain the [[Golden Entreaty (Revelations from the Past)|token]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* The Menu is disabled while playing as {{Little One}}.
* During step 18, the active character will be restricted to the Traveler.
* Completing Step 14 awards the {{Achievement|O Red Sea, Part, and Clear a Path!}}.
* Completing the quest awards the {{Achievement|Gold of the Sun, Together with his Blood}}.
** Additionally, one [[Luxurious Chest]] appears, containing {{Item|Iridescent Inscription Fragment|x=1}}, and two [[Precious Chest]]s appear, one of which contains {{Item|Shattered Night Jade|x=1}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have obtained permission to make a pilgrimage to the [[Great Volcano of Tollan|volcano]] from [[Pacal]]. Set out with {{Little One}} after you finish your preparations.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On obtaining quest)
:'''Manqu:''' Well, now that we have some proof, we may go forth and obtain the token left by the [[Sage of the Stolen Flame]].
:'''Manqu:''' The ruin's entrance isn't far. If I may be so bold, please proceed to the ruins near the [[Children of Echoes]]...

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Umm...
:'''Manqu:''' What's going on? Why are there monsters from the [[Abyss]] here?

;(After defeating the Rifthounds)
:'''Manqu:''' Finally, those monsters from the Abyss have all been vanquished... Ah, the time has come.
:'''Manqu:''' {{Traveler}}, place the proof that Pacal gave you on that platform...

;(Offer the talisman)
:;(A note appears on screen)
:{{Readable|title=<center>Note</center>
|text=<!--
--><center>Offer the talisman to begin an ancient trial.<br><!--
-->The next part of the story is tightly connected. To ensure you have the best experience, it is recommended that you experience the next part of the story when you have ample time to complete it.<br><!--
-->{{Key|Leave for Now}} {{Key|Continue Quest}}</center>}}
:'''Paimon:''' So the ruins below are the ruins of the... what was he called again? The Sage of the Stolen Flame? Still, the entrance looks like something weird's blocking it...
:'''Manqu:''' Just as I thought... the Sage's trial has already begun.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Err?
:{{DIcon}} Do we need to break that barrier...?
::'''Manqu:''' I'm afraid that barrier is difficult to break... With all due respect, we must use the correct method to open it.
:{{DIcon}} Didn't think I'd have to use my wall-phasing jutsu so soon...
::'''Paimon:''' As if you could even do that!
:'''Manqu:''' *ahem* According to the accounts of the ancient scrolls of our tribe...
:'''Manqu:''' The Sage of the Stolen Flame seemed to have strongly believed that humans could guide and lead [[Saurian]]s, thus attaining a future far brighter than the age of the ancient giant [[dragon]]s.
:'''Manqu:''' Perhaps he felt guilty, for he stole the secrets of using [[phlogiston]] from none other than dragonkind... And this gnawing guilt led to a hope that humans and Saurians could get along, living in peace as equals.
:'''Manqu:''' Perhaps that is what drove him to leave behind the token here... According to the ancient scrolls, "Humans and Saurians both have their places..."
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Err?
:'''Paimon:''' That's about as clear as mud.
:'''Manqu:''' Sorry, forgive my ineloquence... I believe it means that {{Color|buzzword|humans and dragons must each stand in their respective positions}} to receive the token.
:'''Manqu:''' Still... To ask a Saurian to act in accordance with what a human wants is difficult indeed.
:'''Manqu:''' This too is part of the tribe's trials... The reason one must cultivate an understanding between human and Saurian.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, though Paimon doesn't totally get what you're saying, when it comes to an invisible bond, we're la creme de la creme!
:'''Paimon:''' Isn't that right, {{Little One}}?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} Rawr!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' ?
:'''Manqu:''' Haha, that's the spirit. Now, please try opening the barrier blocking the entrance.
:;(The [[#Tutorial|tutorial]] "Humans and Saurians, one heart and one mind!" displays)

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Manqu:''' If both human and Saurian stand in the corresponding positions, we'll be able to open the barrier to the ruins.

;(Walk into the green circle for the first time, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... This seems like the spot where {{Little One}} should stand.

;(Walk into the orange circle for the first time)
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, right there!

;(Switch to {{Little One}}'s perspective)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}, you have to stand in the {{Color|buzzword|green circle}} to the right of the platform!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Hmm... White Floaty, green, circle?)

;(Move {{Little One}} into the orange circle for the first time, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}, not over there, the other side!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (White Floaty, make noises, so hard to understand...)

;(Move {{Little One}} into the green circle)
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, right there! Hehe, you're so clever, {{Little One}}!

;(After the seal opens)
:'''Manqu:''' It worked. So the ancient scrolls were right...
:'''Manqu:''' Well then, I wish you luck obtaining the token from the ruins. I'll be here, waiting for your triumphant return.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Investigate the ruins with {{Little One}}.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Manqu, optional)
:'''Manqu:''' Forgive my presumption, but I am confident that you will emerge victorious from the final trial &mdash; safe and sound, and having obtained the token.

;(Follow the corridor)
:'''Paimon:''' Ehh, looks like no one's been here for a long, long time...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}, you gotta keep up!

;(Descend into the hole)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, what's wrong? Too high up for ya? It's alright! just cling to {{Traveler}} or hold Paimon's hand, and you'll be fine!

;(Approach the lever)
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons... Open this door and enter the hallway...}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|From here, step into the Audience Hall.}}<!--golden design-->
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... Looks like the real entrance to the ruins is over there! And just like the entrance to the first tunnel, there's a strange barrier.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, just like at the entrance. {{Traveler}} must stand {{Color|buzzword|below the yellow device}} on the left, while {{Little One}} stands {{Color|buzzword|below the green device}} to the right...
:'''Paimon:''' Though, it's pretty high up this time...
:{{DIcon}} And the route is different too...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rooo...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, {{Little One}}! We'll only be separated for a little bit, but we'll still be in sight!
:'''Paimon:''' If you're scared, just raise your claws towards us and roar as loud as you can!
:'''Paimon:''' We'll wave back, so don't be scared, okay?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Raah, raah... Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't talk like {{Little One}}! What if you actually manage to "rawr" something in its language, and {{Little One}} misunderstands?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr, rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, don't you look happy all of a sudden.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon just doesn't get you. When are you happy, and when are you scared?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roo?
:'''Paimon:''' You sure seem to be in good spirits! Alright then, let's try opening up that gate.
:{{DIcon}} {{Little One}}, try going over there.
:'''Paimon:''' And once it's open, we'll meet in front of the door!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(Approach the lever)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, looks like {{Little One}} can also use this mechanism.

;(Approach the buried [[Elemental Monument]] as {{Traveler}})
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, looks like there's a mechanism buried here...
:;(Hint)
::Use the power of the [[Tepetlisaurus]] to dig up buried objects...

;(After solving the puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' The barrier's open! Hehe, Paimon knew this type of mechanism would be a piece of cake for you guys!

:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, you did it, {{Little One}}! Great job!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not sure why, but it feels like {{Little One}} is getting more and more reliable! That gives Paimon a kind of happy feeling, too.
:{{DIcon}} ...Feels way more reliable than Paimon!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, no way! And don't you dare agree with {{MC|m=him|f=her}}! Meanies, Paimon praises you two just a bit and this is what she gets...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' ...Rraa?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' ...Ooroo, Rooah? Wrroh?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... You mean Paimon? Paimon's not angry, and she's not crying!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' ...Ooroo, rawr? Rawr?
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, fine, fine! Paimon'll "rawr"! Rawr!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} I feel like I can understand him...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we've finally got a connection?
:'''Paimon:''' That's what happens when you spend a lot of time together! Sometimes, Paimon can tell what you're going to cook the moment you reach into your bag to fish out the ingredients...
:'''Paimon:''' "Hmm, yeah, mmm, hrmm, okay, it's probably... [[Teyvat Fried Egg]]!" And Lo! Paimon was right.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you're terrifying!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Paimon's got a lot more aspects that are really scary, you just haven't seen them before! ...Whew, Paimon's getting hungry just talking about it.
:'''Paimon:''' We should hurry up and find the token... Once we find it, we can have a huge feast to celebrate!
:{{DIcon}} Okay, let's move out!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(Approach the [[Iridescent Inscription]])
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Hmm?
:'''Paimon:''' What's up? How come you're staring that way? Is there something strange over there?

;(Walk up to the Iridescent Inscription)
:{{Black Screen|Swear upon this, [[Xbalanque]]...}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|The one who ascended to realms above to protect all beings, who bestowed seeds of flame to bring light to all beings...}}<!--gold text-->
:{{Black Screen|When your descendants return from the flames, none shall stop them!}}<!--golden design-->

;(Approach the room past the teleport waypoint)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Wraah... Waah!
:'''Paimon:''' That's the first time Paimon's heard {{Little One}} make that sound.
:'''Paimon:''' Still, he's got a point, this is a huge mural! Hmm, let Paimon look... Two people, each holding something round in their hands...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what's with one of them having a weird head?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rraa?
:{{DIcon}} Is it a... dragon?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, now that you mention it, it does kinda look like a dragon's head...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon gets it. It actually depicts a dragon and a person, each holding a golden ring.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon feels like she just heard a story about two people taking something or other not long ago...
:{{DIcon}} It was the tale Pacal and Manqu were discussing...
:{{DIcon}} About the first [[Pyro Archon]] and the Sage of the Stolen Flame...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Like Paimon said, it did remind her of something she'd just heard...
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh* But if that was really the case... doesn't that mean that of the Sage of the Stolen Flame and the first Pyro Archon... that one of them was a dragon? But which one of them?
:{{DIcon}} First, we can rule out the Pyro Archon...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so that means... that the Sage of the Stolen Flame is actually a dragon? Right?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon recalls that you saw the same golden design on that floating island...
:'''Paimon:''' So that Sage was also behind us falling into that place when we first came to Natlan, and is also linked to dragons...?
:{{DIcon}} "Chosen of Dragons"...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... So that means that the message back then didn't mean "chosen by the great Tepetlisaurus there"... but by this Sage?
:{{DIcon}} Or perhaps chosen by {{Little One}}.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' That's possible too... Hmm... Strange...
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons... Come forward... Come forward...}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|Pass through the corridors to your left and right. The path will unfold before your eyes...}}<!--golden design-->
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Hrrr?
:'''Paimon:''' What's the matter?
:{{DIcon}} (The golden design says...)
:'''Paimon:''' Do we have to go through from both sides? Hmm, but it looks like both entrances each have their own barriers and mechanisms... Could it be that humans go one way, and dragons the other?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Wrroh...
:'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon can't even see this time... {{Little One}}, do you think it's too hard? If it is, we can still back out.
:'''Paimon:''' If it's really too much, we can wait until you're ready and try again. Not like these ruins are going anywhere.
:{{DIcon}} No need to push yourself too hard.
:{{DIcon}} If you want to stop, just say so.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Mraaa... Wrroh... Wraa...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}... You're a brave fella, aren't ya?
:'''Paimon:''' Still, get out as fast as you can if things get dangerous! Nothing is more important than your life, not even treasure.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} I believe in you!
:{{DIcon}} Believe in yourself!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Err?
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, don't say things he can't understand!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(After unlocking the barriers)
:;(The Traveler and Paimon enter one gate, and {{Little One}} enters the other)
:;(The iron gates shut behind them)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Rawr, iron barrier, blocked, bad!)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (No cry, must search, other way!)

;(While exploring and solving the puzzle as {{Little One}})
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Green, green... there!)

:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Soaking wet, drip-drop, no good, agh...)

;(Expose the Tremulous Crystals)
:;(Hint)
::Strike the Tremulous Crystal to trigger resonance
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Quake, big rock, sleep. {{Little One}}, strong!)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Rawr, green, green!)

;(Reach the platform with the Pyroculus, if the {{Traveler}} has not completed their puzzle while solving puzzle as {{Little One}})
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Rawr, green, high, no way...)
:;(Hint)
::There seems to be no way forward for now. Try {{Color|#FF5E41|switching perspectives}} to complete the trial

;(Switch to {{Traveler}})
:;(Hint)
::Coming into contact with the beams will cause the Liquid Phlogiston level to rise temporarily

;(While solving the puzzle as {{Traveler}})
:'''<!--no speaker?-->Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, watch out! It seems like the lava level rises as soon as you touch these mechanisms. Paimon almost became toast there...

;(Cutscene showing {{Little One}}'s side)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Square rock, wake up... Raise up!)

;(If the player tries to light up the elemental monuments with Pyro instead of raising the lava, optional)
:'''<!--no speaker?-->Paimon:''' Ugh, this is so annoying! Why aren't these monuments lighting up? If only there was a way to light them all up at once...
:;(Hint)
::Increase the Liquid Phlogiston level to light up all the Elemental Monuments

;(If the player takes too long to raise the lava, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' If only there was a way to light them all up at the same time... Wait, the lava below would be perfect!

;(If the player switches to {{Little One}} after the previous dialogue, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, how can we make the lava rise up? Paimon feels like we triggered some mechanism earlier...

;(Approach the green circle as {{Little One}})
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Rawr, green, green!)

;(If the player moves {{Traveler}} to their circle first)
:'''Paimon:''' It feels like it's finally coming to an end... *sigh* Wonder how {{Little One}}'s doing right now...

;(If the player moves {{Little One}} to its circle first)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like we can't go any further, {{Little One}}... Wonder if there's anything we can do over where {{Traveler}} is?
----
;(After solving the puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, there's another mural here! Now, what's it show...
:'''Paimon:''' A huge black dragon, a tree, and some strange person?
;(The screen splits to show both perspectives at once)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Wrroh... Rawr!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rraa?
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons... Come forward... Reach out...}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|Reach out your hand... Behold... The sin that will obliterate all...}}<!--golden design-->
:'''Paimon:''' What's wrong, {{Traveler}}? Why are you just staring at the mural?
:{{DIcon}} (Reach out towards the mural...)
:{{Black Screen|You witness with your own eyes the gargantuan wings from beyond the world, the once glorious and [[Nibelung|grand figure]] now pitiable, having completely sunk into the [[Abyss|terrifying shadow]].<br>The pitch-black flames scorch the land, and even the [[Irminsul|white tree]] nearly withered, and the [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|final]] [[Angel|envoy]]'s glow shattered and smashed, only able to subsist on the last leaves of the [[Ley Line|severed roots]].}}
:{{Black Screen|The ancient battlefields brought only destruction.<br>After that time, specters stirred, evil lurking within the dark, and filth flooded forth.<br>Only the last leaves still shimmered in the [[Night Kingdom|night]], and after that time, only the last leaves in the night swayed with the ripples in the sea of memory.}}
:{{Black Screen|Then, you see something else.<br>But you quickly realize, it is not "you" who sees it.<br>"You will understand someday." A voice that seems not to be what it appears whispers by your ear, as though it were laughing softly.<br>But you know, this isn't meant for "you."}}
:{{Black Screen|You see the entire [[Sacred City, Tollan|city]]'s annihilation, the buildings collapse, the ash-white monoliths squeezed in midair as they are turned to powder.<br>You see [[Xiuhcoatl|a giant dragon]] with [[Golden Entreaty|pupils]] pierced and [[Xbalanque|a tiny human]] falling together from a great height, while the world echoes with a sorrowful song, one composed of the agony of dragonkind.<br>You see a man rising from the dead dragon's heart once more, his whole body seemingly wreathed in flame.}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooo...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roooah... Ooroo...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, are you okay? You weren't moving a muscle...
:{{DIcon}} What I saw might be kinda hard to explain...
:'''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon didn't see anything at all! And we're both looking at the same picture... Are you just way more perceptive than Paimon?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roar!
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! That's {{Little One}}'s voice! Sounds like it's coming from over there... Oh, Paimon sure hopes nothing bad happened...
:'''Paimon:''' Hurry up, we need to go look!

;(Approach the orange circle near {{Little One}})
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we're right here! Looks like we'll be able to meet up again soon!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...

;(Complete the puzzle)
:;(The Traveler and {{Little One}} meet and a giant beam shoots through the Liquid Phlogiston, creating a path)
:'''Paimon:''' A path through the lava has appeared... Looks like the trial is almost over.
:'''Paimon:''' That guy from the [[Saurian Relics Association]] and the chubby chap from the Children of Echoes kept talking up how dangerous it was, but it looks like there really was nothing to it!
:{{DIcon}} In that case, lead the way, Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! You can't even see the bottom... But we're good friends, so of course we'll go together!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooo...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}, look! Hehe, we're nearly done!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Wrroh...
:{{DIcon}} Did you see some strange things, too?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:{{DIcon}} Don't be afraid...
::{{DIcon}} Paimon and I are here.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... Though Paimon isn't sure what happened, {{Traveler}}'s right. No matter what, you've got us!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roooah... Rawr!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, looks like he's finally perking up! Okay, looks like we can continue downward... This place does feel kinda dangerous...
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons... Proceed... Eliminate the enemy from the [[Abyss|realm beyond]]...}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|Then you will be granted entry into the final paradise.}}<!--golden design-->
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Ehrrr?
:{{DIcon}} Seems there's danger below after all.
:'''Paimon:''' Did the golden designs tell you that too?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, then let's rest a bit, {{Traveler}}! We'll keep going once you're ready.

;(A note appears on screen)
:{{Readable|title=<center>Note</center>
|text=<!--
--><center>A perilous battle lies at the end of the golden staircase.<br><!--
-->As this battle is quite perilous, be sure to complete your battle preparations before continuing.</center>}}

;(Continue walking toward the lava)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, let's go. Into the lava this time... Just hope it doesn't all come pouring down when we're halfway through...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' *whine*
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, alright, Paimon was only kidding! And besides, even if it really does, Paimon'll swoop down and scoop the two of you out!

;(Enter the light at the end of the staircase)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon never imagined there'd be something like this under the lava. So we're really deep underground now, aren't we?
:'''Paimon:''' So that Sage with the totally impossible name... Hid the token here?
:{{DIcon}} No...
:{{Black Screen|In [[Catastrophe's Edge|this place]], I made a pledge with Xbalanque...}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|Now, let go and let the future of humans and Saurians be as it may. Only the enemy cloaked in shadow shall not be forgiven.}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons, prove yourself by facing the mighty foe, that you may ascend the [[Great Volcano of Tollan|sacred mountain]] from this place.}}<!--golden design-->
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, what's going on? That sudden chill...
:'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;Something's coming out!

;(While fighting the Rifthounds)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, why are there so many [[Rifthound]]s here? Seriously! Huh, there are some strange ones too...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! ...Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Helping's nice and all, but make sure you take care of yourself too!

;(After defeating the two waves of Rifthounds)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that should do it!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;([[Abyss-Corroded Golden Wolflord]] appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Wah, something's wrong! B&mdash;Big guy incoming!
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Whoa, that's one massive [[Golden Wolflord]]... Careful!

;(A [[#Tutorial|tutorial]] displays if it hasn't been seen elsewhere already)

;(The Golden Wolflord deploys Void Barrier after reaching 70% HP)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, something about it looks super weird...
:'''Paimon:''' It... doesn't seem like it can be hit?

;(The Golden Wolflord absorbs the skulls and uses Tornado)
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes, it's... absorbed all those floating things around it...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rrrawr!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}, your... Eh? Your body...

;(After defeating the Golden Wolflord)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, it looks like {{Little One}} just got stronger! Did something awaken, maybe? Like the power of the [[Flamelord]] or something...?
:{{DIcon}} Definitely looks stronger.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Raooo...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' He was totally rocking during that fight, and was a really big help...
:{{DIcon}} Yes, most impressive.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rrrooo...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Errr?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, it looks like that's not a power {{Little One}} can just use whenever.
:'''Paimon:''' Though, Manqu did say that it's better not to use power like that too much anyway.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh* ...So where did that weirdo with the hard-to-remember name hide the token? All Paimon wants to do right now is grab {{Little One}} and get the heck outta here.

;(Touch the inscription)
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons, come forth...}}<!--golden design-->
:{{Black Screen|Unto the final sanctuary of my people...}}<!--golden design-->
:'''Paimon:''' This... this is where the token's really kept. It's so quiet here...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon figured that Sage guy would be waiting for us here, but guess not...

;(While approaching each of the inscriptions)
:{{Black Screen|Worship and receive, you who would protect all beings.}}
:{{Black Screen|Worship and receive, you who would bring light to all beings.}}
:{{Black Screen|Come forth, Chosen of Dragons, come forth...}}
:{{Black Screen|For the inscribed hour has arrived, the inscribed hour has come.}}
:{{Black Screen|Come forth, Chosen of Dragons, present the amulet...}}
:{{Black Screen|In return, you shall be permitted to set foot on the sacred mountain.}}

;(Approach the stone tablet)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, it looks like this stone tablet lit up!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} (Touch the stone tablet...)
:{{Black Screen|As the golden lines light up, shining brilliantly, a fragmented scene surfaces in your mind:}}
:{{Black Screen|The eyes of the great dragon, split in two by the sword of the children of man.<br>A seal split asunder, engraved upon the white discs, is mistakenly classified as a hole.}}
:{{Black Screen|One was given to the [[Kukulkan|silver dragon]]'s white claws, one to the [[Xbalanque|resurrected corpse]].<br>One was buried beneath the great monument, and one was swallowed into the belly of the headstrong one.}}
;(If [[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]] was not completed)
::{{Black Screen|A white disc appears beneath your feet, the other obscured in shadow. The great wings shadowing it are raised, and you finally see its drawn, upright pupils.}}
::{{Black Screen|You hear a voice. It says:<br>"Glory, glory, the Eternal Empire, [[Ochkanatlan]]"<br>You see [[Och-Kan|the person]] standing before the empty throne, picking up that disc, turning around, and looking at you...}}
;(If [[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]] was completed)
::{{Black Screen|The two white discs appear beneath your feet.<br>You pick them up, and the golden seal combines into one, as they merge into one.}}
::{{Black Screen|Soon, you see your face reflected in massive dark pupils.}}
:{{Black Screen|"Wake up, {{Traveler}}, please wake up..."}}
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! You finally responded! When you touched that stone tablet, you just froze up and wouldn't react to anything...
;(If [[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]] was not completed)
::'''Paimon:''' But look over there! A round plate with golden etchings on it appeared on the ground! That should be the token we're looking for.
;(If [[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]] was completed)
::'''Paimon:''' But look! The token we're looking for is on the ground, just like the one we found before.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} A golden seal... Engraved on a white disc...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What're you saying?
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing...
:{{DIcon}} I'm just a bit distracted...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you probably are tired! After all, we sure did a lot today. Let's rest up after we get back!
;(If [[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]] was not completed)
::'''Paimon:''' This token looks kinda like a big, round plate... Hmm, so in the mural, both the human and the dragon each had discs like this...
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, we got a token! Let's take it back and show it to Manqu!
;(If [[Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm]] was completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Okay, that's both tokens... Now {{Little One}} should have the right to get cured at the volcano, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Okay! Let's bring the tokens and go find Manqu!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Golden Entreaty (Revelations from the Past)|text=Golden Entreaty}})
:;(Obtain {{Item|The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Humans and Saurians, one heart and one mind!}}
{{Tutorial|Void Ward}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/83JVjJgrQ3E
|caption1 = Revelations from the Past Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Revelations from the Past
|zhs      = 自过往的启示
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 自過往的啟示
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 過去からの啓示
|ja_rm    = Kako kara no Keiji
|ja_tl    = Revelations from the Past
|ko       = 과거에서 얻은 계시
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Lecciones del pasado
|es_tl    = Lessons from the Past
|fr       = Révélations du passé
|fr_tl    = Revelations from the Past
|ru       = Откровения прошлого
|ru_tl    = Revelations of the Past
|th       = การชี้นำจากอดีต
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tiết Lộ Từ Quá Khứ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Offenbarungen aus der Vergangenheit
|de_tl    = Revelations From the Past
|id       = Pencerahan Masa Lalu
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Revelações do Passado
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Geçmişten Aydınlanmalar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Rivelazioni dal passato
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}