{{About|the event boss|the standard variant|Primo Geovishap}}
{{Enemy Infobox
|image    = Enemy Primo Geovishap.png
|element  = Geo
|element2 = Cryo
|element3 = Pyro
|element4 = Electro
|element5 = Hydro
|type     = Event Bosses
|family   = Mystical Beasts
|location = [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword]] Event Domain
|title    = The Fury of the Cliffs
}}
{{Description|Even in its long dreams, it would constantly draw energy from the ley lines, perhaps waiting for the day to come where it could rise to meet the sun once more and unleash its long-festering fury, shattering rocks and tearing mountains asunder.}}
The '''Revived Primo Geovishap - Fury of the Cliffs''' is a special event boss appearing in the event [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword]].

It appears in the following challenges:
* [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword/Showdown: Ancient Rock Drake#Showdown: Ancient Rock Drake I|Showdown: Ancient Rock Drake I]]
* [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword/Showdown: Ancient Rock Drake#Showdown: Ancient Rock Drake II|Showdown: Ancient Rock Drake II]]
* [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword/Wanderer's Threefold Challenge|Wanderer's Threefold Challenge]].

==Stats==
{{Transclude|Primo Geovishap|Stats}}

==New Abilities and Attacks==
===Elemental Switches===
After every use of '''Primordial Shower''', the Primo Geovishap will change into another element. When the Primo Geovishap is low health, it will  perform '''Scattered Rocks''' instead of '''Primordial Shower''' which will also change the Primo Geovishap's element. The starting element is random, but the order of elements is a fixed loop: Hydro, Electro, Cryo, Pyro, repeat.

===Elemental Shards===

==Returning Abilities and Attacks==
*'''Elemental-Infused Stones''': Certain attacks will produce stones that detonate after a few seconds delay, dealing elemental damage of the currently infused element. Although the stones themselves, when created, deal no damage, the explosion(s) that occur do deal damage. Each element has different effects on the stones:
** '''Pyro-Infused Stones''': Leaves a large pool of lava in its wake for a while, dealing continuous {{Color|Pyro DMG}} to characters in the affected area.
** '''Hydro-Infused Stones''': Cause seven small eruptions that deal {{Color|Hydro DMG}}. Each eruption occurs close to the stone's original position.
**'''Cryo-Infused Stones''': Generates a ring of ice spikes that start from the center of the stone and propagate (up to 3 times) outward, dealing {{Color|Cryo DMG}} within a moderate area.
** '''Electro-Infused Stones''': Explodes in an X-like pattern, dealing {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
*'''Punch''': Quickly punches at the player.
*'''Whirlwind''': Looks behind itself, then performs a quick spinning attack. This attack is heavily prioritized if any players are behind the Primo Geovishap.
*'''Slash''': Claws in front of itself once.
*'''Combo Slash''': Attack forward twice, and ends with a slam towards the player.
*'''Burrow''': Targets outside Primo Geovishap's melee reach will cause it to submerge underground and dig towards the enemy, creating Elemental-Infused Stones as it travels. It will also damage characters on contact as it bores through the ground. Upon reaching its destination, it resurfaces and performs a slam.
*'''Scattered Rocks''': Raises up its tail and scatter a number of rune-covered rocks around the arena that will explode after a short while, dealing the current type of infused elemental. The attack itself does no damage.
*'''Elemental Breath''': Unleash a breath of pure elemental power, whilst arcing the attack in a cone-like area in front of itself, dealing heavy elemental damage of the currently infused element.
*'''Primeval Spring''': Spawns a barrage of Elemental-Infused stones around itself.
*'''Primordial Shower''': Unleashes a blast of pure elemental power in a huge [[AoE]] around it, dealing immense elemental damage of the currently infused element. Primordial Shower will not be performed once Primo Geovishap reaches critical health (Approximately less than 10% Max HP) and will instead perform Primeval Spring.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Revived Primo Geovishap
|zhs     = 复苏的古岩龙蜥
|zhs_rm  = Fùsū de Gǔ Yánlóngxī
|zht     = 復甦的古岩龍蜥
|zht_rm  = Fùsū de Gǔ Yánlóngxī
|zh_tl   = Reawakened Primo Geovishap
|ja      = 蘇ったエンシェントヴィシャップ・岩
|ja_rm   = Yomigaetta Enshento Vishappu Iwa
|ja_tl   = Revived Rock Ancient Vishap
|ko      = 다시 깨어난 고대 바위 용 도마뱀
|ko_rm   = Dasi Ggaeeonan Godae Bawi Yong Domabaem
|ko_tl   = Revived Ancient Rock Dragon-Lizard
|es      = Protodragarto Geo revivido
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Géosaure antique revigoré
|fr_tl   = Invigorated Ancient Geosaurus
|ru      = Воскрешённый древний геовишап
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Revived Primo Geovishap
|vi      = Rồng Đất Cổ - Nham Hồi Sinh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wiedererweckte alte Geo-Drachenechse
|de_tl   = Revived Ancient Geo Dragon-Lizard
|id      = Revived Primo Geovishap
|pt      = Dragarto Primordial Geo Revivido
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|Special}}

[[vi:Rồng Đất Cổ - Nham Hồi Sinh]]
[[pt-br:Dragarto Primordial Geo Revivido]]