[[Version 1.4]]
*Oceanid fight is now gated by an interactable, instead of starting upon proximity (undocumented).
*Added dialogue voice-over to the Oceanid boss fight as well as certain sound effects for Oceanid Creatures.
*Multiple dialogue lines were revised:
**{{Color|Old dialogue}}: "An assassin from our homeland? Or a foolish trespasser upon these waters?"<br />{{Color|New dialogue}}: "An assassin from our homeland? Or a fool who trespasses upon the waters of Qingce?"
**{{Color|old|Removed dialogue}}: "Very well. Then Her power shall crush the miscreant that dares pollute these waters."
**{{Color|Old dialogue}}: "With no place to flow, even the purest of water will begin to envy the forms of living things who can roam about freely. It is this "water" that will be used to drown you and the pollution you bring in your wake."<br />{{Color|New dialogue}}: "Coveting the shapes of the living, pure water can take on many forms. In this way shall water deliver your punishment."
**{{Color|Old dialogue}}: "Shifting streams, submerge this miscreant and let his tides of pollution be lost in the deep..."<br />{{Color|New dialogue}}: "One who is ignorant of water's treasures fails also to comprehend its horrors..."
**{{Color|Old dialogue}}: "The power be all but spent..."<br />{{Color|New dialogue}}: "The power of water is its ability to take any shape..."
**{{Color|Old dialogue}}: "We seek but a small haven of tranquil waters... is that so much to ask for... However, as long as lakes and streams still remain, then rain shall continue to fall from the skies and water will never truly disappear..."<br />{{Color|New dialogue}}: "We seek but a small haven of tranquil waters... is that so much to ask for... As long as rain falls and rivers flow... water will exist forever..."
----
[[Version 1.3]]

*The battle initiation dialogue was revised:
**{{Color|Old dialogue}}: "So, murderers from our homeland have come on a futile journey to harass the people of the Qingce waters..."<br />"Very well then. But be warned, her power shall crush any miscreant that would dare pollute these waters."
**{{Color|New dialogue}}: "An assassin from our homeland? Or a foolish trespasser upon these waters?"<br />"Very well. Then Her power shall crush the miscreant that dares pollute these waters."
----
[[Version 1.0]]

*Rhodeia of Loch was released.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>