{{Event Tabs
|gallery = false
}}

==Rhythm Ball Revolution!==
{{Transclude|Rhythm Ball Revolution!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==A Style-Fusion Symposium==
{{Transclude|A Style-Fusion Symposium|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Open-World Dialogue==
===Mualani===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Mualani)
:'''Mualani:''' Yo, {{Traveler}}, don't you look full of energy!
:{{DIcon}} What kind of songs do you like, Mualani?
::'''Mualani:''' Me? I'm fine with pretty much anything!
::'''Mualani:''' Relaxing melodies, heart-pumping beats, jaunty tunes &mdash; I love 'em all!
::'''Mualani:''' Ah, but I'm not great at rocking out to music that's a bit more solemn and formal... I don't listen to such songs often, but I don't dislike them, either!
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any advice for the game?
::'''Mualani:''' Hmm, let me jog the ol' noggin...
::'''Mualani:''' Based on my experience playing beach volleyball, I think it's easy to slip up if you get anxious.
::'''Mualani:''' Sometimes, when I see the ball flying at me, I freeze up thinking of all the ways I can hit it back!
::'''Mualani:''' So don't sweat the small stuff. Just go with the flow, y'know?
::{{DIcon}} Makes sense. I'll give it a try!
::'''Mualani:''' Of course, you can't rely solely on your intuition for contests of strategy, or when things get serious. You gotta look before you leap, too!
::'''Mualani:''' Everything in moderation!
:{{DIcon}} Great game. I wanna go again!
::'''Mualani:''' Look at you go! With your skills and a little more practice, you'll set some unbeatable records in no time &mdash; I know it!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Xilonen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Xilonen)
:'''Xilonen:''' Looking good, {{Traveler}}! You're well on your way to becoming an improv master, I'd say.
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any tips, Xilonen?
::'''Xilonen:''' Do I ever. Seems like you're interested in the nitty-gritty of DJ-ing, huh?
::'''Xilonen:''' Well, then. First up, a good DJ knows their equipment.
::'''Xilonen:''' I've collected a number of schematics from making lots of music equipment in the past. Feel free to pick 'em up next time you swing by.
::'''Xilonen:''' Learning theory's always the blandest part of picking up new music techniques. But once you nail the basics, you'll improve by leaps and bounds.
::'''Xilonen:''' I'm expecting great things from you, alright?
:{{DIcon}} Xilonen, what style of music's your favorite?
::'''Xilonen:''' My favorite style...? Hmm, hard to say.
::'''Xilonen:''' Way I see it, the overall production quality of a song's the most important...
::'''Xilonen:''' The melody's flow, the arrangement of the piece, the instruments chosen, the recording quality, and overall processing... They've all got standards to meet.
::'''Xilonen:''' Mainstream styles sometimes produce pieces with exceptional musicality. Conversely, seemingly sophisticated niche styles might :churn out less-than-ideal work.
::'''Xilonen:''' And fooling your audience with a sloppy piece of music by simply slapping a "niche" label on seems... I don't know, rather base?
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, you can't just fake it and hope to make it.
::{{DIcon}} Maybe it's best to ignore the labels...
::'''Xilonen:''' In short, there are no shortcuts when it comes to learning music theory, {{Traveler}}.
::'''Xilonen:''' The basics are the most important. I'm sure you'll study hard, though.
:{{DIcon}} I'll keep looking for inspiration, then.
::'''Xilonen:''' If you've got any good ideas, feel free to just hum 'em for me. I'll jot them down.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Yumemizuki Mizuki===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Yumemizuki Mizuki)
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Mmm... I can feel the warmth of your emotions from how much you enjoyed the game. Heehee. I'm sure you'll have sweet, relaxing dreams tonight.
:{{DIcon}} Do you also listen to fast-paced music, Mizuki?
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' That's a... classic line of questioning.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Well, I'll listen to whatever my friends recommend, even if it's not to my tastes. I wouldn't want to let them down, after all.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I can enjoy lively music, but I prefer soothing, elegant tunes. I can't say I particularly care for instrumental variety or technical sophistication.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As long as the melody is pleasing to the ears, even if it's a cappella or a slow solo, they won't feel bland to me. Rather, I find they exude a sense of beautiful serenity.
::{{DIcon}} Same here.
:::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Well... next time you find yourself a free moment, how about I show you some of my favorites? I can brew some tea, prepare some snacks... And we can take our time enjoying them.
::{{DIcon}} Maybe give some new styles a chance?
:::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Why not? With your tastes, I'm sure you can show me some hidden gems outside of my usual wheelhouse. If you've got a free moment, don't be shy, okay?
:{{DIcon}} I want to see you give the game a try.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I sure could... but that might be flouting the rules.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As one of the designers, I know the ins and outs of every stage. It might be a little boring for you to watch.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Games work best with the element of surprise, and designers should think outside the box to create that. Becoming predictable is the mark of bad development.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Of course, drawing outside the box is your field of expertise.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I do hope you can take part in game development and planning in the future. I'd love to play something you designed~
:{{DIcon}} Hope you rest well too, Mizuki.
::'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Don't worry. Inviting you here makes this event a success in my book. I'm sure my sleep tonight will be thrice as restful as usual~
{{Dialogue End}}