{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Rhythmos.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|title            = DJ

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Rhythmos''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Rhythm Ball Meztli]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
<!--
==Profile==
Detailed story/lore information goes here.
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO Rhythmos 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Rhythmos:''' Hmm, the sound of the ball hitting the target is nice and crisp. If we can work it into a steady rhythm, it'd make the perfect accompanying beat!
:{{DIcon|Rhythm Ball}} I'd like to play a round of Rhythm Ball!
::'''Rhythmos:''' Alright, I'm looking forward to your performance. Get out there and give 'em a show!
:{{DIcon}} And you are...
::'''Rhythmos:''' Hey there, and welcome to our game!
::'''Rhythmos:''' I'm a musician hired by Master [[Xilonen]] to run this Dance-Off Stage.
::{{DIcon}} "Master"?
::'''Rhythmos:''' Yeah! Whether it's the technology that goes into designing, building, and maintaining our equipment, or the ability to DJ, Xilonen's the master that all of us musicians aspire to be!
::'''Rhythmos:''' When she's DJ-ing, she flows freely between dozens of styles and techniques. Simply put, she can handle any style, with style!
::'''Rhythmos:''' And her sense of hearing is, like, razor-sharp!
::'''Rhythmos:''' Whenever part of a song's too dry, whenever there's a pitch deviation of more than half a semitone, or whenever the sound effects have been pushed just a bit too far — Master Xilonen can tell, even with her ears stuffed full of [[Quenepa Berry|Quenepa Berries]]!
::{{DIcon}} Why would she stuff her ears with...
::'''Rhythmos:''' Quenepa Berries? Because they're full of juice, and listening through them's like being stuck underwater. It's the toughest of trials for any musician around!
::'''Rhythmos:''' Although Master Xilonen didn't mention it, I feel like sharp hearing's also helpful for warriors and adventurers.
::'''Rhythmos:''' If you wanna sharpen your ears, pay Master Xilonen a visit!
:{{DIcon}} Well, maybe next time...
::'''Rhythmos:''' Any time's a good time! Don't be shy about saying hi if you see any of our DJs putting on a show!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Rhythmos
|zhs      = 「律动魔匠」
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 「律動魔匠」
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「リズミカル職人」
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 「리듬<->의 마술사」
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Mago del ritmo
|es_tl    = Rhythm Magician
|fr       = Rythmos
|fr_tl    = Rhythmos
|ru       = Мастер ритма
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = "นักร่ายจังหวะ"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Phù Thủy Âm Nhạc"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Rhythmos“
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Rhythmos
|pt       = "Artesão Rítmico"
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Rhythmos
|it       = Ritmos
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[es:Mago del ritmo]]