{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Riding the Night-Rainbow.png
|character     = Varesa
|type          = Elemental Skill
|info          = With footwork swift as lightning and fierce as thunder, Varesa displays the true spirit of lucha libre, rushing forward a certain distance and dealing Nightsoul-aligned {{Color|Electro DMG}} to opponents in her path.<br>After using this Skill, Varesa gains 20 [[Nightsoul point]]s and gains the "Follow-Up Strike" effect: Varesa has increased [[interruption resistance]] during this time, and upon pressing her Normal Attack, she will quickly unleash a Charged Attack that does not consume [[Stamina]]. "Follow-Up Strike" will be canceled after Varesa uses a Charged Attack.<br>She will use different techniques based on whether the skill is Tapped or Held.<br><br>'''Tap'''<br>Quickly rush a certain distance forward.<br><br>'''Hold'''<br>Varesa enters the [[Nightsoul's Blessing]] state and switches to Sudden Onrush mode.<br><br>'''Sudden Onrush'''<br>Continuously consumes Nightsoul points. In this state, Varesa's [[Movement SPD]] and interruption resistance are increased. She can use terrain to execute flying leaps or consume additional Nightsoul points to traverse atop water or liquid [[Phlogiston]] while remaining immune to DMG from the latter.<br><br>'''Nightsoul's Blessing: Varesa'''<br>When she runs out of Nightsoul points, her Nightsoul's Blessing state will be canceled. When Varesa is in the Sudden Onrush state or Fiery Passion state, she will always be counted as being in the Nightsoul's Blessing state.<br><br>Has 2 charges. When Varesa enters the Fiery Passion state, she will obtain an additional Tap charge of her Elemental Skill and its DMG will be increased.<br><br>'''Fiery Passion'''<br><ul><li> While not in the Fiery Passion state, Varesa can use Plunging Attacks to gain Nightsoul points. She will enter Fiery Passion when she reaches maximum Nightsoul points via this method, or when she uses her Elemental Burst [[Guardian Vent!]]</li><li> While in the Fiery Passion state, her Normal Attacks, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst will gain unique buffs. She can also use a special Elemental Burst shortly after using a Plunging Attack.</li><li> The Fiery Passion state lasts for up to 15s and will end when she runs out of Nightsoul points or after she leaves combat for a period of time.</li></ul>
|CD            = 9s
|energyCost    = 
|scale_att1    = ATK
|scale_att2    = 
|utility1      = Movement SPD
|utility2      = Interruption Resistance
|utility3      = Nightsoul Point
|utility4      = Nightsoul's Blessing
|utility5      = Water Traversing
|arkhe         = 
}}
{{Description|"Right now, I'm my own hero."}}
'''Riding the Night-Rainbow''' is [[Varesa]]'s [[Elemental Skill]].

==Gameplay Notes==
;<big>Passive Effects</big>
* {{Talent Note|ascension|1|Tag-Team Triple Jump!}}

;<big>Constellation Effects</big>
* {{Talent Note|constellation|6|A Hero of Justice's Triumph}}
<!--
==Advanced Properties==
-->
==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1    = Riding the Night-Rainbow Combat Preview
|caption1 = Combat

|file2    = Riding the Night-Rainbow Sudden Onrush Preview
|caption2 = Sudden Onrush
}}

==Attribute Scaling==
{{Talent Scaling
|levels=10
|order=rushdmg,fierypassionrushdmg,follow-upstrikeduration,nightsoulpointlimit,cd
|titles=Rush DMG (%),Fiery Passion Rush DMG (%),Follow-Up Strike Duration,Nightsoul Point Limit,CD
|rushdmg_1=74.48
|rushdmg_2=80.07
|rushdmg_3=85.65
|rushdmg_4=93.1
|rushdmg_5=98.69
|rushdmg_6=104.27
|rushdmg_7=111.72
|rushdmg_8=119.17
|rushdmg_9=126.62
|rushdmg_10=134.06
|fierypassionrushdmg_1=106.4
|fierypassionrushdmg_2=114.38
|fierypassionrushdmg_3=122.36
|fierypassionrushdmg_4=133
|fierypassionrushdmg_5=140.98
|fierypassionrushdmg_6=148.96
|fierypassionrushdmg_7=159.6
|fierypassionrushdmg_8=170.24
|fierypassionrushdmg_9=180.88
|fierypassionrushdmg_10=191.52
|follow-upstrikeduration=5s
|nightsoulpointlimit=40
|cd=9s
}}

==Talent Leveling==
{{Talent Upgrade|Varesa}}

==Voice-Overs==
{{Talent VO}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Riding the Night-Rainbow
|zhs      = 夜虹逐跃
|zhs_rm   = Yèhóng Zhúyuè
|zht      = 夜虹逐躍
|zht_rm   = Yèhóng Zhúyuè
|zh_tl    = Night Rainbow Chasing and Leaping
|ja       = ホッピング・ナイトレインボー
|ja_tl    = Hopping Night-Rainbow
|ko       = 밤무지개 도약
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Salto del arcoíris nocturno
|es_tl    = Night Rainbow's Leap
|fr       = Sur l'arc-en-ciel nocturne
|fr_tl    = On the Night-Rainbow
|ru       = Верхом на ночной радуге
|ru_tl    = Riding the Night Rainbow
|th       = Riding the Night-Rainbow
|vi       = Cưỡi Cầu Vồng Đêm
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Sprung über den nächtlichen Regenbogen
|de_tl    = Leap Over the Nightly Rainbow
|id       = Riding the Night-Rainbow
|pt       = Cavalgando o Arco-Íris da Noite
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gece Gökkuşağının Üzerinde
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Sull'arcobaleno della notte
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Varesa}}

[[es:Salto del arcoíris nocturno]]
[[fr:Sur l'arc-en-ciel nocturne]]
[[ru:Верхом на ночной радуге]]
[[vi:Cưỡi Cầu Vồng Đêm]]