{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Taurus Iracundus Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Taurus Iracundus Chapter
|act            = I
|character      = Arataki Itto
|ARReq          = 40
|keyReq         = 1
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|storyQuestReq  = [[Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter]]: Act I - [[Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing]]
}}
'''Rise Up, Golden Soul''' is the first act of [[Arataki Itto]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Taurus Iracundus Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs a [[Story Key]], must have completed [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]], [[Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter]]: Act I - [[Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] is commissioned to apprehend an oni, who has been accused for a crime he didn't commit, while the oni believes that one of his kin is responsible for this act of disgrace.

==List of Quests==
# [[The Oni's Evil]]
# [[The Oni's Justice]]
# [[The Oni's Pride]]

==Summary==
===The Oni's Evil===
Arriving at [[Inazuma City]], the Traveler and [[Paimon]] received a new commission by [[Katheryne]] from the [[Tenryou Commission]] &mdash; the Tenryou Commission had issued an arrest warrant for an Arataki Itto, a brash oni famous for his childish banter and leads [[Arataki Gang|a gang of misfits]], has been accused of stealing items and kidnapping people.

Paimon then suggests visiting the [[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]] for assistance in tracking Itto. [[Sango]] tells them a storytale of two onis living in the mountains &mdash;a crimson oni that enjoyed socializing with humans, and a blue oni that enjoyed a secluded life. However, the humans feared the oni and threw beans to scare him off.

The blue oni then suggested to play as a villain and have the crimson oni chase him, changing the people's perspectives of him; as expected, the humans began to treat the crimson oni like one of them, but the blue oni had left him to go on a journey.

Sango tells the Traveler that there are rumors of Itto being one of the crimson oni descendants; the blue oni were believed to have died off. Sango also tells them that she believes Itto is making his way to [[Yashiori Island]] and gives them a bag of beans, having heard rumors that he is extremely allergic to them.

===The Oni's Justice===
Arriving on Yashiori Island, they find Itto and attacked him with beans. After somewhat recovering his allergies, Itto admits to the crime, albeit with sound logic and that he did it alone. Before they could go further, [[Daisuke]] and [[Granny Oni]] come in to check on Itto but he able to convince the two to give time to look for an [[Onikabuto]] to play beetle fighting with and agrees to duel the Traveler once he's finished business with Daisuke.They eventually find the bettle then return to the camp to begin the fight, but after the battle Daisuke he realizes that they are going to take Itto away. Granny Oni insists that Itto admit the truth to the Traveler and Paimon.

A short distance away, Itto reveals the fairytale story about the two oni hides a dark truth &mdash; the onis were part of clans, and when they made the agreement to allow the crimson oni to live with humans, the blue oni also had several requirements for them &mdash; to never misuse their strength and to maintain their pride. Itto also reveals that the culprit was a blue oni, but he believes that the oni might have been coerced into the act due to their principles. He had come to Yashiori Island to meet up with his contact on the [[Watatsumi Army]] camp on the island as they had seen the oni themselves.

===The Oni's Pride===
The three make their way to the camp, where they find Itto's contact, [[Masato]]. Masato was transporting goods when ronin attacked and chased after him with an intent to kill, only to be stopped when an oni prevented them from doing so. He believes that they might be based on [[Tatarasuna]].

They ambush the ronin at [[Nazuchi Beach]] and find their oni, [[Takuya]]. He is angered by the sacrifice of the blue oni only for the current crimson oni, to be seemingly doing nothing and damaging their legacy. Tenryou Commission soldiers soon arrive, with Takuya fleeing. Itto fends off the group alone, but still weakened from the bean attack from earlier, most of the Arataki gang arrive to distract the soldiers. Chasing after Takuya, they are intercepted by more ronin but defeat them and discover their hideout, freeing the hostages, including Daisuke's parents, who reveal Takuya had been helping them out with extra food and water behind the ronins' backs.

In the deepest side of the hideout, they confront Takuya and the ronin leader, [[Nogata]]. Nogata warns Itto to stay away, as he has a paper seal that when ripped, is rigged to explode the hideout. When he tries to rip it, the charm was stolen by Takuya, who had taken it as their agreement had been violated. Itto sucker punches a distracted Nogata and tries to connect with Takuya, who insists he is making his own "sacrifice". Tenryou Commission soldiers soon arrive, but as Itto goes to talk with them, Nogata recovers and struggles with Takuya, breaking the charm. The hideout begins exploding and Itto saves Takuya from being crushed by the debris like Nogata.

Outside, the Traveler and Paimon wait for Itto and Takuya, who arrive soon after. The Tenryou Commission soon arrive and arrest both oni, along with Itto's crew for obstruction and confiscating all of the goods Takuya had taken for his clan. As the soldiers take the oni away, the Traveler and Paimon return to Granny Oni to tell her the news, where they also find Daisuke reunited with his parents. Granny Oni decides to take care of the blue oni tribe and states that she got her nickname for taking care of Itto, seeing him as her pride and joy.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Rise Up, Golden Soul|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Rise Up, Golden Soul
|zhs     = 赤金魂
|zhs_rm  = Chìjīn Hún
|zht     = 赤金魂
|zht_rm  = Chìjīn Hún
|zh_tl   = Pure Golden Soul
|ja      = 赤金魂
|ja_rm   = Akagane Tamashii
|ja_tl   = Copper Soul
|ko      = 적금색의 영혼
|ko_rm   = Jeokgeumsaek-ui Yeonghon
|ko_tl   = Red Golden Soul
|es      = Alma de oro
|es_tl   = Golden Soul
|fr      = Un vrai cœur d'or
|fr_tl   = A True Golden Heart
|ru      = Золотой души óни
|ru_tl   = Oni's Golden Soul
|th      = จิตวิญญาณแห่งทองคำ
|th_rm   = Chitwinyan haeng Thongkham
|th_tl   = Soul of Gold
|vi      = {{tt|Xích Kim Hồn|赤金魂}}
|vi_tl   = Pure Golden Soul{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Erwache, goldene Seele
|de_tl   = Awake, Golden Soul
|id      = Bangkitlah, Jiwa Perunggu
|id_tl   = Rise Up, Copper Soul
|pt      = Alma de Ouro
|pt_tl   = Golden Soul
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[vi:Xích Kim Hồn]]