{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01000; 01001; 01007
|image         = Archon Quest C1A1 Rite of Descension.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = I
|act           = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]] and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 23
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Ending Note
|next          = An Impromptu Change of Plan
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*375;Mora*11,550;Adventurer's Experience*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3;Sigil of Permission*1
|characters    = Bolai;Changshun;Fan Er'ye;Gentry De'an;Guanhai;Ivanovich;Jiangzhou;Jifang;Linlang;Tea Master Liu Su; Nervous An;Ningguang;Paimon;Tartaglia;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|1|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Talk to the locals (0/3)
#* Talk to [[Linlang]], [[Guanhai]], and [[Bolai]]
#Go to [[Yujing Terrace]]
#Pray and make a wish at Yujing Terrace (0/2)
#Join the crowd and wait for the Rite to begin
# Talk to Paimon
# Escape from the Millelith
#* This will involve another [[Stealth]] mission where the objective is to avoid being spotted by the NPCs.
# Talk to [[Childe]] at the [[Northland Bank]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest will grant the {{Achievement|Outlandish Behavior}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In the land of [[Liyue]] by the sea, a city sits atop the solid bedrock. That city is Liyue Harbor, and it has flourished under the protection of its guardian [[Morax]] &mdash; also known as "Rex Lapis," the [[Geo]] [[Archon]] you have been looking for. You could not have arrived at a more fortuitous time, as the annual "Rite of Descension" has just begun. Every year on this day, Rex Lapis graces this land with his prophecy, giving guidance on the economic path Liyue should follow in the coming year.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(At Liyue Harbor)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you wanna find the Geo Archon, this is the only chance you'll get all year.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess it's a good thing [[Venti]] brought it up earlier, otherwise we definitely would've missed this year's Rite of Descension.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know when it is?
::{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... might be today, might also be tomorrow...
:{{DIcon}} Do you know where it is?
::{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Venti brought up the time, but Paimon... knows nothing about where it is... Ehe.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, we're already in Liyue so let's go ask some of the locals.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right. About the Geo Archon, "Morax"...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you know? The [[Mora]] that we use is named after this god.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's seen as impolite for people from outside Liyue to refer to the Geo Archon by that name.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we should refer to the Geo Archon by the name Rex Lapis, like the people of Liyue do.
----
;(Talk to Linlang)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 02.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Rite of Descension... Oh yeah, that reminds me, isn't that today?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 03.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Once a year, Rex Lapis bestows upon us his divine prediction, guiding us on how to run Liyue for the coming year.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 04.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Last year it was the [[Keqing|Yuheng]] of the [[Liyue Qixing]] that was given the honor of asking for the divine prediction.
:{{DIcon}} Liyue Qixing?
:{{DIcon}} Yuheng?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Paimon knows this one!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mondstadt is to freedom as Liyue is to contracts. Liyue has a strong focus on business and trade.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The [[Liyue Qixing]] &mdash; the seven leaders of the seven enterprises of Liyue &mdash; hold true control over Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 05.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' That's what outlanders always say.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 06.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' But true control over Liyue will always be held by Rex Lapis.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 07.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' The Qixing is comprised of mere mortals. Rex Lapis is a god. Mondstadt's god is nowhere to be seen, whilst our god is forever with us.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 08.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Stay in Liyue long enough and you'll see...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 09.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Given that you just left your godless city, it's time you experienced what it's like to be in a city whose god has walked with it through all of history.
:;(If Linlang is the last local spoken to)
::{{A|vo lyaq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Then we can start our experience off with the Rite of Descension.
::{{A|vo lyaq001 3 linlang 10.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Good choice. Then get going. To the high ground.

;(Talk to Linlang again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 linlang 01.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Rex Lapis is like a father who takes care of everything for you.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 linlang 02.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' I guess Mondstadters are more like orphans in that sense &mdash; no father or mother to look after them... They must get lonely sometimes?

;(Talk to Gentry De'an, next to Linlang)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 gentrydean 01.ogg}} '''Gentry De'an:''' Another year, another Rite of Descension... Good news for some, gloom and doom for others...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 gentrydean 02.ogg}} '''Gentry De'an:''' Huh... Nothing to do with me.
----
;(Talk to Guanhai)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 2 guanhai 02.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' Oh! Are you also visitors here for the Rite of Descension?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 2 guanhai 03.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' To think I've lived in Liyue all these years and never come to see this before.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 2 guanhai 04.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' I guess it's like they say. Locals never visit the tourist spots.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 2 guanhai 05.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' I wish you well on your travels! Liyue always welcomes you!
:;(If Guanhai is the last local spoken to)
::{{A|vo lyaq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks! So we wanna know where to go if we wanna see the Rite of Descension?
::{{A|vo lyaq001 2 guanhai 06.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' Hmm... You're not at all close. Not to mention that if I gave you directions, as outlanders, you'd get lost along the way.
::{{A|vo lyaq001 2 guanhai 07.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' So better to head to Yujing Terrace, to the high ground.
::{{A|vo lyaq001 2 guanhai 08.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' It's the highest place in the harbor &mdash; sounds like the best place for trying to communicate with deities, no?

;(Talk to Guanhai again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 guanhai 01.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' Whatever goes on in the Rite of Descension makes no difference to a commoner like me.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 guanhai 02.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' To be honest, I don't think I can be bothered going this year.
----
;(Talk to Bolai)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' You too wish to bear witness to the Rite of Descension? Me, too! We all do!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 03.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' As a businessman myself, how could I not take interest in Liyue's most important business trends?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 04.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' The seventeen predictions given last year made more than a few ripples throughout the industry.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 05.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' What's more, there has been a rumor going around that the Tianquan herself, [[Ningguang]], has been acting secretly in the shadows...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 06.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' She wants the rocks created by Geo Vision holders to be exempt from taxation.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... that's some super professional legal stuff that is!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 07.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Haha. To be on the pulse of the predictions and the market is what makes this harbor what it is.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 08.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Among The Seven, Rex Lapis is the oldest deity.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 09.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' His keen sense of strategy is well trusted among his people.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 10.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Understanding the predictions as soon as possible can make all the difference in making your fortune!
:;(If Bolai is the last local spoken to)
::{{A|vo lyaq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' F&mdash;Fortune! So where can we see this Rite of Descension anyway?
::{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 11.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Hmm... You're not at all close. Not to mention that if I gave you directions, as outlanders, you'd get lost along the way.
::{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 12.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' So better to head to Yujing Terrace, to the high ground.
::{{A|vo lyaq001 4 bolai 13.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' It's the highest place in the harbor &mdash; sounds like the best place for trying to communicate with deities, no?

;(Talk to Bolai again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Wonder if I should continue with the retail business for another year...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I should be able to make an informed decision once the results of the Rite of Descension are out...

;(Talk to [[Fan Er'ye]], next to Bolai)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 fanerye 01.ogg}} '''Fan Er'ye:''' Today is an important day in Liyue! You should get yourself up to Yujing Terrace and get involved.

;(Talk to [[Jifang]], next to Bolai)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 jifang 01.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' My husband's gone to take part, too. Says he wants to bear witness to this year in history...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 jifang 02.ogg}} '''Jifang:''' How come he gets to go and have fun while I have to watch the shop?
----
;(At Yujing Terrace)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that the best time to make a wish is today, during the Rite of Descension. {{Traveler}}, wanna give it a try?

;(Approach the altar)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 assistantofcb 01.ogg}} {{A|vo lyaq001 7 millelithsoldier 01.ogg}} '''Assistant of the Tianquan/Millelith Guard:''' Halt. Those not involved in the proceedings are not permitted to go any further!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pfft... Killjoy...
:;(You reappear behind the crowd)

;(Make a wish at the southwest censer)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 ivanovich 01.ogg}} '''[[Ivanovich]]:''' Your first time in Liyue? Actually, it's my first time to see the Rite of Descension too.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 ivanovich 02.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Ah, look! That's Ms. Ningguang of the Liyue Qixing!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 ivanovich 03.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Only those who have control in Liyue can preside over the Rite of Descension.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 ivanovich 04.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Oh yeah, not sure if you knew, but most of the [[adepti]] appear in the form of various beasts.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 ivanovich 05.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' I heard that when attending these kinds of formal occasions, Rex Lapis himself appears as a celestial cross between two of Liyue's ancient mythical creatures.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 ivanovich 06.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' ...Sorry, I shouldn't interrupt your wish. Please, take this.
:{{DIcon}} I wish I could get some leads from the Geo Archon.

;(Talk to Ivanovich after making a wish)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 ivanovich 01.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Even for outsiders, the grandeur and solemnity of the proceedings and ceremony leave a deep impression.

;(Make a wish at the east censer)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 6 changshun 01.ogg}} '''[[Changshun]]:''' Oh, you also want a little adepti luck too?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 6 changshun 02a.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' Haha, seems you know a lot! Making a wish during this time is sure to get you the blessings of both the Adepti and Rex Lapis himself.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 6 changshun 03.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' I've already made my wish, so you can take this.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great, thanks!
:{{DIcon}} I wish I could find my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} soon...

;(Talk to Changshun after making a wish)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq001 changshun 01.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' May your wealth multiply in the year ahead!

;(After both wishes have been made)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Now that we're all done with the wishing, guess we can just wait here for things to get started.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, who knows how long that Ms. Ningguang lady is gonna take.
----
;(Approach the crowd)
:{{Black Screen|''You and Paimon wait for the Rite of Descension to begin.''}}
{{Cutscene Description|Under Ningguang's direction, the Rite begins right on time, and Liyue's deity shows up as promised. But as the clouds disperse, the crowds watch in horror as the lifeless body of their lord drops onto the offering table. After inspecting the scene for a brief moment, Ningguang utters the unfathomable words: "Rex Lapis has been killed! Seal the exits!"}}
;(A cinematic begins)
::{{A|vo lyaq001 8 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Look at all the people...
::{{A|vo lyaq001 8 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We gotta get up front! We can't see squat back here!
::{{A|vo lyaq001 8 cs ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The hour is upon us.
:;(Ningguang uses Geo to summon the Archon, but Rex Lapis falls out of the sky and appears to be dead)
::{{A|vo lyaq001 8 cs ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Rex Lapis has been killed! Seal the exits!
:;(Millelith guards swarm the Terrace)

;(After the cinematic)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wha... What's going on!?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did she just say Rex Lapis is...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Geo Archon... is... DEAD!?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, the Millelith! Looks like they're nabbing suspects who got too close.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's freaking out. The killer is amongst us!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... we got close... are we suspects!?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, where are you going?
:{{DIcon}} (It was a god we faced off against when we arrived in this world too...)
:{{DIcon}} (We can't fall into their hands...)
----
;(Escape from the Millelith)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... {{Traveler}}, there's a whole bunch of soldiers out there too!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your identity... You may not be the killer, but we can't let them get you!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... can we even get out of here safely?

;(Idle quotes)
:'''Ivanovich:''' I... I know nothing, I swear...
:'''Changshun:''' The smoke, it's too thick. I can't see...
:'''Linlang:''' I didn't do it! Please, have mercy!
:'''Jifang:''' The smoke, it's too thick. I can't see...
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' I... I know nothing, I swear...
<!--Tea Master Liu Su, Jiangzhou, Nervous An are present but may not have idle quotes-->

;(Approach the marked location)
;(A cinematic begins)
{{Cutscene Description|You cautiously make your way out, avoiding the watchful gaze of the Millelith, but before you make it far from the scene of the crime, one misstep alerts them to your presence. Just when it seems like there is no way out, a mystery man suddenly lands in front of you and helps you escape the Millelith for good.}}
:;(The Traveler steps on a tile and alerts a guard)
:'''Millelith Guard:''' They're here!
:'''Millelith Guard:''' Arrest them!
:'''Millelith Guard:''' There's nowhere to run!
:;(The Traveler draws their sword)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 11 cs tartaglia 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyaq001 11 cs tartaglia 01b.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey {{MC|buddy|girlie|mc=1}}&mdash; Hold still.
:;(A mysterious Hydro user defeats all the guards. Reinforcements run towards you)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 11 cs tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Come with me.
:;(Paimon and the Traveler follow the rescuer)
----
;(After the cinematic)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *panting* Phew... Paimon's exhausted...
:{{DIcon}} I'm even more beat.
:{{DIcon}} Just what muscles does magical floating use exactly?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So insensitive! You have no idea just how tiring floating arou&mdash; Wait!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just who are you exactly?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Call me Childe.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Childe? What, so we're supposed to dote on you?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, no no, not at all. It's an alias of sorts.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' In Mondstadt, I don't suppose you came across a "[[Signora]]" by any chance?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Signora... Childe...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're [[Fatui]]! One of the [[Harbingers]]!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, no. Don't worry, I'm not looking for a fight.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Signora gave you quite the bad impression huh? Tsk, that woman... Can't say I'm a fan either.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Right, let's forget all about her, shall we? I'm here to help you.
:{{DIcon}} Help?
::{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 07a.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Yes. Help.
:{{DIcon}} I don't need help from the Fatui.
::{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 07b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Come now, don't be like that.
:{{DIcon}} Go. Leave.
::{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 07c.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Sure, I may be one of the Harbingers, but hear me out.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm not a bad guy... Okay perhaps I'm kind of a bad guy, but I'm not here to give you any trouble.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Would it be too much to ask for you to keep the sword sheathed?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, I thank you for your knightly nobility, Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I heard of your deeds in Mondstadt, so I couldn't help but notice you during the proceedings back there.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' And because I had my eye on you the whole time, I know it wasn't you. Someone else was clearly behind it.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But... regrettably, given I'm a Fatui envoy from Snezhnaya... there's no way I'd be trusted after something of this magnitude.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The ruling Qixing of Liyue has always been overly suspicious of us.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well can you honestly blame them?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hahaha. Guess I shouldn't try to deny that.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Okay, sure. Maintaining a distance between strangers is probably a good idea. Either way, I'm already used to it at this stage.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But right now, if you want to clear yourselves of any suspicion &mdash; you need to get yourselves to Northland Bank.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 12 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Staying here isn't an option. As the old Liyue saying goes: "The walls have ears."

;(Return to Yujing Terrace and interact with Rex Lapis' corpse, optional)
:'''View Rex Lapis:''' Life has left the adeptus' great body...
:'''View Rex Lapis:''' What went on out of view in that moment?

;(Get too close to the Millelith Guard on the left or right side of the corpse)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 millelithsoldier 02.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' It's the culprit! The culprit... has returned to the scene of their crime! Don't let them get away! Send reinforcements, repeat, send reinforcements!
:{{A|vo lyaq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh...
----
;(At the Northland Bank)
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Northland Bank...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Correct. This bank was opened here in Liyue by Snezhnaya.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Though everyone knows Liyue is the most enterprising in Teyvat, Snezhnaya is not short of change either.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah well, poorer nations don't seem the type to have diplomats that come around acting the way yours do towards the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Eh-hehehehe...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Here, let me give you this.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is a...
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm not sure, exactly. Sometimes, all money can buy is "things" and not a name for oneself.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' All I know is that it's a sigil. A sigil to keep the "mighty and illuminated adepti" from bringing harm to you.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Adepti?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If you head north from the harbor, then west from Guili Plains, you will eventually reach a stone forest known an Jueyun Karst.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The people of Liyue believe it to be the abode of the adepti.
:{{DIcon}} They really believe that?
:{{DIcon}} Isn't it just a legend?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Legend or not, they believe it. As such, offerings to the adepti are made at its borders. Nobody dares venture in.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But I have no need for believing &mdash; not when I know for a fact that the adepti truly exist.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hate to admit it but your Fatui intel seems alright. But, why would we go looking for adepti anyway?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ha, oh my little friend. There are plenty of reasons mortals seek the blessings of adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Money, health, love... But you... you will go for justice.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Justice?
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The Qixing will already have dispatched the Millelith. They'll be seeking out the assassin from amongst the onlookers.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But how could a mere mortal kill a god that can sweep aside entire armies? Rex Lapis never gave up his power as a god.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' This level of crude response is beyond what is called for. How suspicious...
:{{DIcon}} You think they're trying to hide the true culprit?
::{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 16a.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Or... to hide something else. Hard to say.
:{{DIcon}} You think the Qixing did it and they're trying to pin it on someone else?
::{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 16b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Your thinking is even more radical than my own, Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Even now, the Northland Bank wouldn't be able to hold the Millelith off for long, but the adepti can clear you of any wrongdoing.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Liyue was founded by the Geo Archon and the adepti &mdash; of course, it was built by force.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Look for them. And be faster than the Qixing's messengers, so you may give your version of events first.
:{{A|vo lyaq001 13 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If there is anyone that can help you in Liyue now, it can only be the mighty and illuminated adepti.
;(Obtain {{Item|Sigil of Permission}})
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
Probably unused VOs:
===To be checked===
* {{A|vo lyaq001 9 millelithsoldier 01.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' Someone assassinated Rex Lapis! You'd be wise to cooperate with our investigation.
* {{A|vo lyaq001 9 millelithsoldier 02.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' Who would harm Rex Lapis!? I don't believe it!
* {{A|vo lyaq001 9 millelithsoldier 03.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' Just what exactly happened!?
* {{A|vo lyaq001 9 millelithsoldier 04.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' In broad daylight! What kind of dark magic is this?
* {{A|vo lyaq001 9 people 04.ogg}} '''People:''' Rex Lapis... Rex Lapis... How...--><!--Jiangzhou?--> <!--Stood next to her for over 2 minutes and she didn't speak, neither did Liu Su and Nervous An>-->

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Rite of Descension
|zhs     = 请仙
|zhs_rm  = Qǐng Xiān
|zht     = 請仙
|zht_rm  = Qǐng Xiān
|zh_tl   = Summoning Adepti
|ja      = 迎仙
|ja_rm   = Geisen{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Greeting Adepti
|ko      = 청신
|ko_tl   = Request Adepti
|es      = Rito del Descenso
|es_tl   = Rite of Descension
|fr      = Rituel de la descente
|fr_tl   = Ritual of the Descent
|ru      = Церемония Сошествия
|ru_tl   = Ceremony of Descent
|th      = อัญเชิญเซียน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Adepti Invitation
|vi      = Thỉnh Tiên
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Adeptenzeremonie
|de_tl   = Adepti Ceremony
|id      = Rite of Descension
|pt      = Ritual de Descensão
|pt_tl   = Ritual of Descension
|tr      = Zuhur Ayini
|tr_tl   = Rite of Manifestation
|it      = Il Rito della discensione
|it_tl   = The Rite of the Descension
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}

[[es:Rito del Descenso]]
[[fr:Rituel de la descente]]
[[ja:迎仙]]
[[pt-br:Ritual de Descensão]]
[[vi:Thỉnh Tiên]]