{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02013
|image         = Archon Quest Ritou Escape Plan.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|prev          = Confessions of an Outlander
|next          = Three Wishes
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*800;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7;Lightly-Perfumed Letter*1;A Love Letter(?)*1
|characters    = Hiiragi Chisato; Hiiragi Shinsuke; Kenzaburou; Kobayashi; Paimon; Shinnojou; Traveler; Yokoyama
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|1|3}}
==Steps==
#Try to leave [[Ritou]]
#Go to the Kanjou Commissioner's Office to ask about a way to leave Ritou
#Talk to [[Hiiragi Shinsuke|Shinsuke]] of the Kanjou Commission
#Leave the Kanjou Commissioner's Office
#*Obtain {{Item|Lightly-Perfumed Letter}}
#Meet [[Hiiragi Chisato|Ms. Hiiragi]] at the appointed time (18:00 - 24:00)
#Meet Hiiragi Chisato
#*Obtain {{Item|A Love Letter(?)}}
#Go to Ritou's borders to carry out Chisato's plan
#*Co-Op Mode is locked until the escort is successful.
#Escort the goods and leave Ritou

==Gameplay Notes==
<!-- Any notes that will help complete the quest -->
* Escorting the goods involves protecting a [[Transport Balloon]].
* Completion of this quest also starts the side quest, [[Chisato's Letter]].
* Completing this quest will grant the {{Achievement|Hiiragi Sanjuuro}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Thoma]] has set you a test to leave [[Ritou]] by your own power, lest your journey end here...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach [[Kobayashi]])
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 kobayashi 01.ogg}} '''[[Kobayashi]]:''' Stop there! Present your Travel Permits!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, but we've really gotta get to Narukami Island, it's kinda urgent...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 kobayashi 02.ogg}} '''Kobayashi:''' If you don't have a Travel Permit, this is as far as you'll get. Those are the rules.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... as expected.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, you gotta think of something. How do we get out of Ritou?
:{{DIcon}} If the Yashiro Commission has heard of us...
:{{DIcon}} I wonder if the Kanjou Commission has heard of us...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you saying... we should go and meet with the Kanjou Commissioner?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Guess it can't hurt to try. Even if Paimon has a few choice words to say about his subordinates...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knows &mdash; maybe he's our biggest fan! Hee-hee.
----

;(Upon arriving at the Kanjou Commission's entrance)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 yokoyama 01.ogg}} '''[[Yokoyama]]:''' Halt! This is the Kanjou Commissioner's Office. No trespassers!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here to see, uh... y'know, um... the Kanjou Commissioner!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 yokoyama 02.ogg}} '''Yokoyama:''' The Kanjou Commissioner seldom entertains outlanders. Leave, now or we'll be forced to&mdash;
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 hiiragishinsuke 01.ogg}} '''[[Hiiragi Shinsuke]]:''' Ah... Wait, wait, wait...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 yokoyama 03.ogg}} '''Yokoyama:''' Oh! Commissioner!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 hiiragishinsuke 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' These two are honored guests from afar, no need to give them the usual spiel.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 hiiragishinsuke 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Come on in, let's see what we can do for you.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! Did you get all that, mister!?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 2 yokoyama 04.ogg}} '''Yokoyama:''' M&mdash;My sincere apologies.

----

;(Talk to [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]])
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' I am Hiiragi Shinsuke, Kanjou Commissioner and head of the Hiiragi Clan. It's an honor to meet you both.
:{{DIcon}} I, too, am honored to meet you.
:{{DIcon}} Hey there.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice to meet you, Sir!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, the reason we wanted to come and see you was because&mdash;
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Alright, alright, all in good time. Two travelers renowned far and wide have shown up to see me, and I should very much like to make their acquaintance! Let's not limit this to business only.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, so what you're saying is, we really are pretty famous, huh?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Absolutely. How many other people in the world have what it takes to knock the wind out of Stormterror's sails and put the Overlord of the Vortex back under the sea, eh?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly! Paimon thinks you make an excellent point.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' And... I hear you also foiled a Fatui plot in Liyue Harbor, even beat one of their harbingers in a duel. Is that true?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! You heard about that, too? Yup, it's true, alright!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Hmm... As I thought.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something wrong?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Hehe, no, no, no. I'm simply awestruck by you both, is all.
:{{DIcon}} You're too kind.
:{{DIcon}} Ultimately, they still got their way.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 07.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' ...Ritou is greatly honored to have you visit us.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 08.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' One other thing I heard about you is your great zeal for helping other people. This makes me wonder... whether you might be so kind as to render your assistance to the Kanjou Commission?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, no problem! Whatever you need &mdash; right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Time to run some errands again?
:{{DIcon}} This is my forte.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 09.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Excellent. Well, then...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 10.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' You must know the Qingxin? A flower, grows on the mountaintops in Liyue.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, we've picked a few of those before. So, uh... you want us to go back to Liyue?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 11.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Yes. Bring me 300 Qingxin, would you? Freshly picked, I mean.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uh, did Paimon hear that wrong?
:{{DIcon}} I think you might be a couple orders of magnitude off?
:{{DIcon}} They don't stay fresh after they're picked.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 12.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Hmm? Too much trouble, is it? Hmm... I see.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 13.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Then how about this: We have a few items that need delivering, perhaps you could help with that?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds much more like it.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 14.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' 709 letters, to be precise.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! What gives? How come you don't have people to do that already!?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 15.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Terribly sorry, we're just a little short on people lately...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What sort of an explanation is that!?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{Black Screen|''(As you speak to Hiiragi Shinsuke, an unfamiliar lady appears not far behind Shinsuke. She carefully exchanges glances with you...)''}}
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, what're we gonna do? Should we really help this guy?
:{{DIcon}} I'll consider it.
:{{DIcon}} I'll need to look into it more first.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 3 hiiragishinsuke 16.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' That's the spirit! Don't keep me waiting too long, now, hehe...

:{{A|vo dqaq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're seriously considering taking this job? The terms are ridiculous...

;(Talk to Hiiragi Shinsuke again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq003 hiiragishinsuke 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Have you finished the work that we spoke about?
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq003 hiiragishinsuke 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Shinsuke:''' Report back to me once you've finished.

----

;(Upon leaving the Kanjou Commissioner's Office)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 6 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Halt, you two.
:{{DIcon}} Just as I expected.
:{{DIcon}} Saw this coming.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What did we do?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 6 shinnojou 02.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Miss Hiiragi has a letter for you. She insists that you read it immediately.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A letter? Quick, let Paimon see!
::'''[[Lightly-Perfumed Letter]]:'''
::Dear Traveler,
::Would that I could convey this message to you in person.
::I apologize for the hasty means by which this letter has come to you, and I hope that it hasn't left you feeling perplexed or perturbed in any way.
::This is my first time extending an invitation to an unknown outlander, after all.
::It is no mere coincidence that our paths have crossed.
::Therefore,
::I hope that you would be so courteous as to meet me tonight, under the glow of resplendent moonlight.
:: &nbsp;
::Please do not fret about retainers and bodyguards, I will ensure that their attention shall be elsewhere.
::I look forward to the pleasure of your company.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this means... she wants you to secretly meet her at night?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you didn't seem surprised at all by this... What's going on?
:{{DIcon}} We shared a glance.
::{{A|vo dqaq003 6 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Have you been up to something behind Paimon's back?
:{{DIcon}} Shinsuke has no intention of letting us leave.
::{{A|vo dqaq003 6 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knew something just didn't seem right about him!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... let's ask her tonight and see what she has to say.
;(Obtain {{Item|Lightly-Perfumed Letter}})

----

;(Approach the meeting area)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''[[Hiiragi Chisato]]:''' Ah, you've finally arrived... Allow me to introduce myself, I am Hiiragi Chisato.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' This is... technically the second time we have met. It's a pleasure to see you again.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, she's the daughter of the [[Hiiragi Clan]] alright...
:{{DIcon}} The pleasure is mine.
:{{DIcon}} I'm delighted to see you again.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' N&mdash;No need to be so formal &mdash; I've long marveled at your accomplishments... and at last we have the chance to meet.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it Paimon, or does something seem a bit off here?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' The reason why I wanted to secretly meet you here is... Well, I feared that I might never have another opportunity to discuss this with you...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Discuss what?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Ahem... I should like to ask for your help with... delivering a letter.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} I'm leaving.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, like father, like daughter! Couldn't you be more original?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' N&mdash;No! You misunderstand me &mdash; please... allow me to explain.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 07.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I was hoping that you could deliver a letter to Narukami Island in my stead. It is to be given to Kujou Kamaji of the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 08.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' My father has always forbidden me from communicating with him. He knows that there are prospects for my marriage that would better serve him politically. But my heart is with Kamaji.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 09.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' There is no one who would dare defy my father's will on Ritou, but you are outlanders &mdash; outlanders seeking to get to Narukami Island. It would be regrettable to let such an opportunity pass...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon gets the whole picture now...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 10.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Of course, in doing so, I will also do everything in my power to help you leave Ritou. That is my promise.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, seems like a reasonable deal.
:{{DIcon}} Seeing as we don't have any other options...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 11.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' To be perfectly honest... as long as you remain in Inazuma, my father will have no intention of letting you leave Ritou.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we figured as much. It was pretty obvious he was just trying to hold us up here.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 12.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I secretly overheard a conversation between my father and [[Signora|a very arrogant-sounding woman]] just a few days ago.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 13.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' They seemed to be discussing how to keep you here on Ritou. In fact, it was the first time I had ever heard my father speak so respectfully to someone who wasn't the shogun.
:{{DIcon}} An arrogant-sounding woman...
:{{DIcon}} Seems we need to get off Ritou as fast as we can.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 14.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' We don't have much time. I'll tell you my plans to help you off the island. It just so happens that a shipment of goods is...
:{{Black Screen|''(Hiiragi Chisato tells the Traveler her plans.)''}}
:{{A|vo dqaq003 7 hiiragichisato 15.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Very well, I'll be waiting for you at the border. I'm counting on you to deliver my letter.
;(Obtain {{Item|A Love Letter(?)}})

----

;(Upon arriving at Ritou's border)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Hold on please... These goods are being sent to... Watatsumi Island?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' My lady! This is an unexpected honor. You are correct, these goods have been repeatedly requested by the Kanjou Commissioner. We must be certain that they reach Watatsumi Island intact.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 kenzaburou 01.ogg}} '''[[Kenzaburou]]:''' Is there something wrong, Lady Hiiragi?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' No, as you were. My father simply has some concerns of the shipment's safety, and has ordered that myself and an additional qualified escort be dispatched to ensure safe transport of the goods.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 kenzaburou 02.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' My lady, you aren't suggesting that you intend to escort the shipment personally, are you? There's certainly no need for you to trouble yourself with such a matter, and as for this "qualified escort"...
:{{DIcon}} I look forward to working with you.
:{{DIcon}} You dare question my abilities?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Please, do not cause us any further delay. If memory serves me right, my father has already asserted that this shipment must arrive on time. I'm certain punishment will be duly dispensed if it fails to do so.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 kenzaburou 03.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Yes, of course my lady. I&mdash;It's just that... Well, we don't know who this&mdash;
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 hiiragichisato 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Now, need I remind you of the penalty if anything were to happen to me en route? I'm sure you are all quite familiar with my father's temperament.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 hiiragichisato 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Do you really presume that you can fully guarantee my safety on your own?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Boy, Chisato can talk the talk, they don't stand a chance...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 shinnojou 02.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' A&mdash;Ah, yes my lady. Very well then... I&mdash;It's an honor to have you accompanying us. Your safety is our highest priority.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 kenzaburou 04.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Shinnojou! You can't really be agreeing to this!?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 shinnojou 03.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Well, the request is from Lady Hiiragi herself. It is our duty to serve her in the utmost capacity.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 kenzaburou 05.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Yes, but... that's not the problem here...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 hiiragichisato 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Well then, if we're through here, I suggest we set off at once. Dawdling will only allow potential thieves more time to prepare, no?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 8 kenzaburou 06.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Y&mdash;Yes, my lady. You heard her, there's no time to lose!
----
;(En route, Treasure Hoarders appear)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 9 shinnojou 02.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' My lady, please stay back! We'll handle it...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not as well as we'll handle it!

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 9 kenzaburou 01.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Monsters sighted! Prepare to counterattack!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 9 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Protect Lady Hiiragi at all costs!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll take care of this. Stay with Chisato!

;(More Treasure Hoarders appear)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 9 kenzaburou 02.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Watch out! More monsters inbound!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 9 shinnojou 03.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Lady Hiiragi, stay close.

;(If you ran out of time, the transport balloon is destroyed, or you stray too far from it)
:{{Black Screen|''Escort failed, the cargo was intercepted...''}}
:;(Return to the start of this step)

;(After successfully escorting the transport balloon)
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Whew, we can take refuge in the village up ahead. How are you faring, my lady?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I'm perfectly alright. You may stop here. The road to Narukami Island is just over there.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' In my letter, I've requested Kamaji to grant you a special Travel Permit from the Tenryou Commission. Consider it a token of my appreciation.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Chisato.
:{{DIcon}} Please be careful.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 shinnojou 02.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' My lady...?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 kenzaburou 01.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Huh! So that's how it is. I had a feeling something was amiss, but Shinnojou, you...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 shinnojou 03.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' No, Lady Hiiragi would never hide anything from us, I'm sure of it. But who is this "Kamaji" you speak of, my lady?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I'm not afraid to say that... he's the one I love.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 shinnojou 04.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' The one... you love?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 kenzaburou 02.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Shinnojou... Did you honestly think that...?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 shinnojou 05.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' What!? N&mdash;No, I uh... ahem! I was clarifying, that's all. I would never in my wildest dreams, uh... ahem!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 hiiragichisato 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' You two needn't worry. Please, forget that this ever happened. If my father catches word of it, I alone will be held accountable.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 kenzaburou 03.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Yes, of course. As you wish, my lady.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what will happen if your actions here are discovered, Chisato?
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 hiiragichisato 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Don't fret, my father has always been one to spoil me. The worst he'd do is sentence me to half a day without food, or something to that effect.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon never suspected a guy like him could have a soft side...
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 hiiragichisato 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I wish you a safe journey. I'm sure we will meet again.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bye Chisato!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 kenzaburou 04.ogg}} '''Kenzaburou:''' Come now! Quit your staring and let's get moving. We've got goods to shift.
:{{A|vo dqaq003 10 shinnojou 06.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' *whimpers* Al&mdash;Alright... *sobs*

;(Unlocks the [[Teleport Waypoint]] just outside of Ritou)
;(Unlocks [[Sacred Sakura's Favor]] &mdash; Offer the [[Electro Sigil]]s to the [[Sacred Sakura]] of the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] in exchange for its favor.)

:{{A|vo dqaq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, we're finally on our own way again!
:{{A|vo dqaq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I suppose it's time we find Thoma. Now where did he say he would meet us again... Right, Komore Teahouse!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ritou Escape Plan
|zhs     = 离岛逃离计划
|zhs_rm  = Lídǎo Táolí Jìhuà
|zht     = 離島逃離計畫
|zht_rm  = Lídǎo Táolí Jìhuà
|zh_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|ja      = 離島脱出計画
|ja_rm   = Ritou Dasshutsu Keikaku
|ja_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|ko      = 이도 탈출 계획
|ko_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|es      = El plan de huida de Ritou
|es_tl   = The Plan to Flee From Ritou
|fr      = Plan d'évasion de Ritou
|fr_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|ru      = Побег с острова Рито
|ru_tl   = Escape From Ritou Island
|th      = แผนหลบหนีออกจาก Ritou
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|vi      = Kế Hoạch Thoát Khỏi Đảo Ritou
|vi_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|de      = Die Flucht von Ritou
|de_tl   = The Escape from Ritou
|id      = Operasi Meninggalkan Ritou
|id_tl   = Ritou Escape Operation
|pt      = Plano de Fuga de Ritou
|pt_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|tr      = Ritou Kaçış Planı
|tr_tl   = Ritou Escape Plan
|it      = Fuga da Ritou
|it_tl   = Escape from Ritou
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:El plan de huida de Ritou]]
[[fr:Plan d'évasion de Ritou]]
[[ja:離島脱出計画]]
[[pt-br:Plano de Fuga de Ritou]]
[[ru:Побег с острова Рито]]
[[vi:Kế Hoạch Thoát Khỏi Đảo Ritou]]