{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73352
|image         = Event Quest Rocking Carriage.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Masud; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses/Rocking Carriage|Rocking Carriage]] subevent.
}}
'''''Rocking Carriage''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Masud

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Masud, known as the Phantom Toy Master, is at the Sabzeruz Festival recommending his new game to guests...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Masud)
:'''Masud:''' Why, my greetings to you, dear traveler from afar, and to your little friend. Have you been enjoying the Sabzeruz Festival?
:'''Masud:''' If you're both interested, I, the Phantom Toy Master, shall be pleased to invite you to play a new game &mdash; the "Rocking Carriage," a flower that blooms only during the Festival.
:'''Paimon:''' And what's that?
:'''Paimon:''' Just hearing the name, Paimon's kinda imagining Nahida happily swaying from side to side in her carriage!
:{{DIcon}} Even I'm getting all gladsome over here!
:{{DIcon}} Just hearing you say that makes me wanna watch Nahida do that too...
:'''Masud:''' Wonderful! All in Sumeru wish that the "Dendro Archon shall be happy every day," after all.
:'''Masud:''' That association you made... Ah, what an excellent scene! One that deserves to be rendered upon a magnificent scroll, if I do say so myself!
:'''Masud:''' Still, the atmosphere of this game is a livelier thing. Rather than a celebration, it's best thought of as an adventure&mdash;
:'''Masud:''' "Smart or not, nice or naughty, every child with a good heart will receive their own Flower Carriage during the Sabzeruz Festival celebrations..."
:'''Masud:''' "Riding in their carriage, the children shall embark on unique adventures, encountering and overcoming danger, and finding the greatest treasure, a thousand blooming flowers..."
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's both smart and nice.
:{{DIcon}} Trust me, we're danger-overcoming pros.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that's right! And as for that treasure, it may as well be ours already!
:'''Masud:''' Haha, good, good. In that case, play on, play to your hearts' content!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses/Rocking Carriage }}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

[[pt-br:Carruagem de Balanço]]
[[ru:Мчащийся экипаж (задание)]]
[[vi:Xe Hoa Lắc Lư]]