{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Romeuf.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = <!-- Nation where you can find the character in the game -->
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Romeuf''' is an NPC mentioned in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Romeuf is a former [[Spina di Rosula]] member. He left the organization following a fallout with [[Callas]] over the [[Aquabus]] system; Romeuf believed the funds used for its construction would be better off improving [[Poisson]], while Callas believed that the system would pay off in the long term due to its cooperation with the [[Court of Fontaine]] and [[Fontaine Research Institute]]. When his wife, [[Clementine]], also supported the idea, Romeuf and his followers believed that she had lost her credibility as an impartial mediator due to her pregnancy. They eventually parted on bad terms due to Callas' stubbornness.

Even after both Callas and Clementine's deaths, Romeuf and his followers saw [[Navia]] with disdain, believing her to be the same as her father. While desperately low on Mora, Romeuf concocts a plan to kill Navia by collapsing the Clementine Line, resulting in the rubble destroying Poisson in the process. Upon learning of [[Colter]]'s release from the [[Fortress of Meropide]], he tasks him with killing Navia; however, he could not get the chance with the [[Traveler]] around. Following a chance encounter with one of Romeuf's subordinates, [[Martinat]], Colter tips off Romeuf and his subordinates of [[Florent]]'s check, allowing them to escape and start their plan. He also sends several subordinates to infiltrate the town to sabotage any evacuation attempts.

The plan is foiled by the Traveler and Navia, who stop most of the intended damage on the line and the rubble from destroying Poisson. The [[Maison Gardiennage]], alerted to the attack, soon arrive and arrest Romeuf and all of his subordinates, which Navia has no qualms with despite them being ex-Spina members due to their willingness to harm innocents rather than talk with her.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''
<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* {{W|Jean Louis Romeuf}} was a French general of the First French Empire during the Napoleonic Wars.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Romeuf
|zhs     = 罗默夫
|zhs_rm  = Luómòfū
|zht     = 羅默夫
|zht_rm  = Luómòfū
|ja      = ロムーフ
|ja_rm   = Romuufu
|ko      = 로모프
|es      = Romeuf
|fr      = Romeuf
|ru      = Ромёф
|th      = Romeuf
|vi      = Romeuf
|de      = Romeuf
|id      = Romeuf
|pt      = Romeu
|tr      = Romeuf
|it      = Romeuf
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.3}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->