{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Root of the Spirit-Marrow.png
|set   = Obsidian Codex
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A feathered accessory made in imitation of an ancient dragon's wing. Perhaps it was once a memento of some forgotten history.}}
'''Root of the Spirit-Marrow''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Obsidian Codex]].

==Description==
In the age when wildfire consumed the [[Ley Line|roots of the world]], and when the barbarian tribes sliced through the briars to open the mountains and woods,<br><!--
-->Many stories transpired that were never recorded or eulogized in any human history.<br><br><!--
-->The [[Kukulkan|wisest among dragons]] traversed the burning plains, carrying the [[Pyrophosphorite|seed]] split from the [[Phlogiston|primal fire]], stepping into a rugged, untamed land.<br><!--
-->Yet as it walked through [[Toyac Springs|hot springs]] and [[Tequemecan Valley|valleys]] that [[dragon]]kind had yet to touch, seeing things grown from soil or created, none met its expectations.<br><!--
-->Until one day, when the fog dispersed in a [[Tezcatepetonco Range|deep valley]], it discovered [[Heavenly Principles|the creator']]<nowiki/>s most beloved, and yet the weakest of species,<br><!--
-->Those who should still have been wrapped in swaddling cloths yet were born in a land where dragons did dance, and so could only eke out survival in the shadow of ancient wings.<br><!--
-->Though they had long lost their [[Angel|guidance]], forgotten their {{not a typo|past histories and memories}}, and lost themselves amidst mountain and wood, they endured still.<br><br><!--
-->Marveling at their tenacity, unity, and courage, the sage amongst dragons resolved to grant them the kindling of wisdom,<br><!--
-->But that precious gift was not without cost. It would civilize these barbarians, but it would also order their destinies.<br><!--
-->For unlike the plan of that [[Heavenly Principles|first divine one]], what the most sage one brought was the profane path of "evolution,"<br><!--
-->Its far sight had divined that at the end of that path, human blood would be poured into the derelict body of the moribund earth,<br><br><!--
-->Merging two species and two bloodlines as one, and thus would an ancient pulse surge through a reborn civilization.<br><!--
-->Indeed, it would be as the wisest one said unto the [[Chaac|first barbarian]] who climbed upon the [[The Upper Sanctum|floating landmass]] to visit it:<br><br><!--
-->"But from your heirs shall come the [[Och-Kan|savior of two worlds]]. He shall be brutal as the lions and scorpions, but as cunning as a wild fox."<br><!--
-->"One day, he shall slay the [[Xiuhcoatl|overlord of fire]] and ascend to the [[Seven Sovereigns|oldest of thrones]]. Praise be unto the ruler of two worlds!"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|zhs      = 灵髓的根脉
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 靈髓的根脈
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 霊髄の根源
|ja_rm    = Reizui no Kongen{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|ko       = 영혼의 뿌리
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Raíz de la Médula Espiritual
|es_tl    = Root of the Spiritual Marrow
|fr       = Racine de la moelle spirituelle
|fr_tl    = Root of the Spiritual Marrow
|ru       = Корень костного мозга души
|ru_tl    = Root of the Spirit Bone Marrow
|th       = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|vi       = Gốc Rễ Của Linh Tủy
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Seelenmarkwurzel
|de_tl    = Spirit-Marrow Root
|id       = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|pt       = Raiz da Medula do Espírito
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Ruh İliğinin Kökü
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Fonte del Midollo spiritico
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Obsidian Codex}}

[[fr:Racine de la moelle spirituelle]]
[[ja:霊髄の根源]]
[[th:Root of the Spirit-Marrow]]
[[uk:Єство духовної сутності]]
[[vi:Gốc Rễ Của Linh Tủy]]
[[zh:靈髓的根脈]]