{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Rosaria
|id             = 368132
|image          = Character Rosaria Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Rosaria''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} What a nuisance...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Church activities again...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's get to work...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I need a drink...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's investigate...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hello.
: {{DIcon|Idle}} ...What time is it?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' *yawn* What time is it...
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' There's no like or dislike. I'm not particular with my residences.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' But it is certainly more comfortable here than at the Cathedral...
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' At least no one's going to wake me up for morning prayer and prevent me from catching up on my sleep.
::{{DIcon}} You're still sleeping late?
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Haha... thanks for your concern. I just have a few things to take care of.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I've lived this way for such a long time, it'd be strange to change.
::{{DIcon}} Thanks for your hard work.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...There's nothing to thank me for.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...Nevermind, I know you mean well.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Perhaps I'm more comfortable here than I thought I was.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hmm... I'm getting soft. That won't do.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Sure. But let me make this clear: If you're looking to confess, you should go find someone else.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like there's a story behind that.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Ha... so, I was on duty this one time, receiving confessions from believers.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' And, it was hard enough to make sense of their jumbled confessions, but then I had to use useless words like "May the Anemo Archon bless you" to make them feel better.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Ugh. Archons have mercy on me.
::{{DIcon}} I'm not interested in confessionals.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Great. Then we're on the same page.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Instead of wasting your time sobbing and confessing your sins at church, you're better off repenting with concrete actions.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' However, a lot of people believe that misfortune and suffering will never touch them because they're blessed by Barbatos.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I mean, sure, if this way of thinking makes them happier, then they can keep believing.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Wait... Was it Bartobas? O&mdash;Or was it Barsibato? I feel like I said it wrong again.
::{{DIcon}} It's just Barbatos, actually...
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Yeah, let's go with that. Barbatos it is.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Um... Also, thanks.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Being able to talk to you so casually without having to worry about being nagged is quite the luxury.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hmm... Let's go to the tavern.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' We'll drink to our hearts' delight, and who cares if we get drunk?
::{{DIcon}} You actually get drunk?
::{{DIcon}} I can't imagine you being drunk.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...I've never allowed myself to get drunk.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I used to think it was idiotic to leave yourself vulnerable in front of others.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' But my perspective on that has changed.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Huh... Maybe it's because I trust you... but that's beside the point.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Angel's Share or The Cat's Tail, which one you wanna go to?
::{{DIcon}} Angel's Share.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 08a 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' If it's from Dawn Winery, you can be absolutely assured of its quality.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 08a 2.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I'd recommend their Dandelion Wine.
::{{DIcon}} The Cat's Tail.
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 08b 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Oh? Interested in their special cocktails, are you?
:::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 08b 2.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Their bartender doesn't work every day, but we can try our luck.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You'll throw back a couple of drinks with me, won't you?
::{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Never mind, I'll drink for you.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Just return the favor when you're of age.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Rosaria.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Oh, good morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Ha, you're in good spirits. Well, if there's nothing going on, I'm off to rest.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Rosaria.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Good night, (Traveler). Get some sleep.
::{{A|vo rosaria mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Work is probably starting for me in a while.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Bird and Blossom Park===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md rosaria park 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' This environment is quite relaxing.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md rosaria park 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' The sisters working at the [[Church of Favonius|church]] shouldn't be able to find this place, so I can rest without any interruptions.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md rosaria park 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Thanks for telling me about this place.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dawn Orchard===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md rosaria vineyard 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I didn't expect you to be into this kind of thing.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md rosaria vineyard 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Growing grapes &mdash; are you taking a page from [[Dawn Winery]] and making your own wine?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md rosaria vineyard 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Not a bad idea. If you succeed, remember to call me over. I'd like to try some.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Rosaria/Compagnia]]
[[ja:ロサリア/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Розария/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Rosaria/Konaklama]]