{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Killed during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago
|region           = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Knights of Favonius
|title            = Wolf Pup
}}
'''Rostam''' was a knight in the [[Knights of Favonius]] around 500 years ago, famed as the "Wolf Pup." He developed Favonius Bladework, the Knights of Favonius' sword style which is still practiced to this day.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Sword}}</ref><ref name="Greatsword">{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Greatsword}}</ref>

Rostam was the close friend and rival of the Grand Master of the time, [[Arundolyn]], the mentor of the [[Bloodstained Knight]],<ref name="DW">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Defender's Will}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Bloodstained Chivalry}}</ref> and the lover of [[Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter]]. Arundolyn and Rosalyne were greatly affected by Rostam's untimely demise during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago.

Rostam is the central character of the artifact set [[Defender's Will]] and partially narrates the description for [[Elegy for the End]].

==Profile==
Rostam was friends and rivals with Arundolyn, forging a bond strong enough that, after he was slain in battle, Arundolyn never entered combat again out of grief. He was in mutual love with Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter. later known as the Crimson Witch of Flame and after that, joining the [[Fatui]] as the Eighth of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]], La Signora.

Rostam wielded a sword in battle, and his combat style is still practiced by the Knights of Favonius to this day.<ref name="Greatsword" /> He also mentored the White Knight, whose pursuit of uncompromising justice eventually turned him into the [[Bloodstained Knight]].<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Bloodstained Chivalry}}</ref>

===Personality===
Rostam had a very serious personality and constantly wore a dour expression. The only person who could bring him levity was his lover, Rosalyne.<ref name="DW" /><ref name="EftE">{{Ref/Weapon|Elegy for the End}}</ref>

==Story==
===Early life===
Rostam and Arundolyn spent most of their childhood together, first as playmates and then as fellow knights and close friends.<ref name="Ferrous">{{Ref/Weapon|Ferrous Shadow}}</ref> After joining the Knights of Favonius, Rostam mentored the White Knight. He also fell in love with a maiden named Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter, who often sang in the city square,<ref name="DW" /><ref name="EftE" /> and gifted her with a Hydro timepiece before she left to study at [[Sumeru Akademiya]].<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Witch's End Time}}</ref>

Despite being a Knight of Favonius, Rostam did not shy away from doing dirty work in the background &mdash; it is said that he even inherited Kreuzlied's secret society, which was formed 1,000 years ago to help [[Vennessa]] overthrow the Aristocracy.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The Bell}}</ref>

===Death===
After the fall of [[Khaenri'ah]]'s [[Eclipse Dynasty]] and the cataclysm that followed, Rostam embarked on an expedition with the Knights of Favonius to exterminate monsters that spewed forth. However, he died in battle, ending his career as a knight of Favonius after 23 years of service.<ref name="Ferrous" /><ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Brave Heart}}</ref>

Following his death, Arundolyn never took up the sword again. Meanwhile, Rosalyne returned to her hometown in Mondstadt only to find it destroyed by monsters and Rostam dead. Out of a desire for revenge, she used liquid fire to transfigure herself and became known as the Crimson Witch of Embers.<ref name="EftE" /><ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Crimson Witch of Flames}}</ref> Rosalyne would later eventually join the [[Fatui]] and become [[La Signora]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Funerary Mask}}</ref>

==Trivia==
*In Elegy for the End's description, Rostam names an individual named Roland. While Roland's identity has not been divulged, it may be the Bloodstained Knight's name by process of elimination.

===Etymology===
*{{w|Rostam}} was a mythical Persian hero. Among the mythical figure's achievements is slaying an {{w|azhdaha}}; however, there is currently no known link between Genshin Impact's Rostam and [[Azhdaha]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Rostam
|zhs     = 鲁斯坦
|zhs_rm  = Lǔsītǎn
|zht     = 魯斯坦
|zht_rm  = Lǔsītǎn
|ja      = ルースタン
|ja_rm   = Ruusutan
|ko      = 로스탐
|ko_rm   = Roseutam
|es      = Rostam
|fr      = Rostam
|ru      = Рустам
|th      = Rostam
|vi      = Rostam
|de      = Rostam
|id      = Rostam
|pt      = Rostam
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Rostam]]
[[pt-br:Rostam]]