{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Liyue
|location         = None
|affiliation      = Pearl Galley
}}
'''Rouran''' {{Lang|zh=柔然|zh_rm=Róurán}} is the master of the [[Pearl Galley]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Luoxia}}</ref><ref name="Ocean Pearl">{{Ref/Quest|The Ocean Pearl}}</ref>

He has not yet made a direct in-game appearance, but his subordinate [[Luoxia]] suggests that the [[Traveler]] may have met unknowingly met him already.<ref name="Ocean Pearl" />

==Profile==
Rouran is the proprietor of the Pearl Galley and established the rules for the luxury boat. The currently known rules are: Attendees may only enter by invitation; an invited attendee may give others a limited number of invitations; and if a person breaks the rules, that person and the person who invited them will both have their invitations rescinded.<ref name="Ocean Pearl" />

An unknown point of time before the Traveler first stepped foot on the Pearl Galley &mdash; in Luoxia's words, "quite some time ago" &mdash; Rouran took an interest in them. He personally wrote an invitation for the outlander and gave it to Luoxia, but instructed her to hold onto the invitation until the Traveler "had finished dealing with everything else." He was also the one who came up with the idea of having the Traveler ask around for an invitation, despite likely knowing that none of the attendees would give one at risk of endangering their own status.<ref name="Ocean Pearl" />

===Personality===
{{Quote|Our boss may seem like a delicate flower, but you will find few thorns to match in all of Liyue Harbor.|Luoxia, about Rouran}}
Rouran is presented as an enigmatic individual whose intentions are difficult to ascertain. If the Traveler responds to Luoxia's remark about their inability to obtain an invitation with ''"Not yet. But I will,"'' she responds that they sound "just like our boss," then calls both of them "ever the optimist[s]."<ref name="Ocean Pearl" />

===Appearance===
Based on Luoxia's description of him as someone who "seem[s] like a delicate flower," Rouran may be rather physically frail.

==Trivia==
*Rouran's Chinese name, {{Zh|柔然|tl=supplely,}} is also used as a phrase in material related to the Pearl Galley. However, these references were lost in the localization as the materials were translated, whereas Rouran's name was left as-is:
:{| class="article-table"
! Source !! English Localization !! Chinese
|-
| [[Pearl Galley#Connoisseur Catalog|Connoisseur Catalog]]
| They say "The beauty of water is in the pearls it holds." I hope you may take this bright pearl necklace to give its gentle purity a proper home.
| {{Zh|人云「川怀珠而媚」，愿君怀明珠而会流水，不负珠琏之温润，皎月之'''柔然'''。}}
|-
| [[Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board#Pearl Galley Announcement|Pearl Galley Announcement]]
| "Where pearled ladies bathe in the luxurious moonlight to the relaxing sound of the sapphire-blue waves."
| {{Zh|珠钿步摇，碧波轻响。皎皎美月，'''柔然'''琳琅。}}
|-
|}
*Even though Luoxia refers to Rouran with masculine pronouns (he/{{Zh|他}}) in both the English localization and the original Chinese text, both "he" and {{Zh|他}} have been historically accepted as {{w|Gender neutrality in languages with gendered third-person pronouns|gender-neutral pronouns}}, leaving Rouran's actual gender unknown.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Rouran
|zhs      = 柔然
|zhs_rm   = Róurán
|zht      = 柔然
|zht_rm   = Róurán
|ja       = 柔然
|ja_rm    = Juuzen{{Assumed}}
|ko       = {{tt|유연|柔然}}
|ko_rm    = Yuyeon
|es       = Rouran
|fr       = Rouran
|ru       = Жоу Жань
|th       = Rouran
|vi       = Rouran
|de       = Rouran
|id       = Rouran
|pt       = Rouran
|tr       = 
|it       = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Rouran]]