[[Version 2.0]]

*Royal Greatsword's lore description was revised.

:*{{Color|Old description:}}  A greatsword <span class="bg-highlight">used by a noble</span> who ruled over Mondstadt. It was crafted with premium materials and master craftsmanship.<br />{{Color|New description:}}  A greatsword <span class="bg-highlight">once used by nobles</span> who ruled over Mondstadt. It was made using premium materials and masterful craftsmanship.

:*{{Color|Old description:}} They protected their people from monsters <span class="bg-highlight">threatening</span> peace and stability.<br />{{Color|New description:}}  They protected their people from monsters <span class="bg-highlight">that threatened</span> peace and stability.

:*{{Color|Old description:}} "<span class="bg-highlight">Please look after Mondstadt's winds.</span> Look after me, my friends, my countrymen, and my opponent. May the sound of clashing blades delight you, and may the offering of sweat and blood please you."<br />{{Color|New description:}} "<span class="bg-highlight">O guardian winds of Mondstadt</span>. Look after me, my friends, my countrymen, and my opponent. May the sound of clashing blades delight you, and may the offering of sweat and blood please you."

:*{{Color|Old description:}} "<span class="bg-highlight">To the wind that guides me</span>. When I'm exhausted, bless me with the strength to keep going forward. When I'm uncertain, bless me with the wisdom to distinguish good from evil."<br />{{Color|New description:}} "<span class="bg-highlight">O winds that guide my path</span>. When I'm exhausted, bless me with the strength to keep going forward. When I'm uncertain, bless me with the wisdom to distinguish good from evil."

:*Multiple paragraphing adjustments were made.

----
[[Version 1.0]]

*Royal Greatsword was released.

<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>