{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Sumeru Akademiya Rtawahist.png
|region       = Sumeru
|affiliation  = [[Sumeru Akademiya]]
}}
'''Rtawahist''' is one of the [[Sumeru Akademiya#The Six Darshans|Six Darshans]], the six main schools of [[Sumeru Akademiya]].

It is specialized in illuminationism,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Opening Festivities}}</ref> the study of the stars, and includes disciplines such as astronomy and astrology.

Its school color is blue.<ref name="Sitt">{{Ref/NPC|Sitt}}</ref> [[Azar]] was formerly its sage and also formerly the Grand Sage of the Akademiya. The mascot on its symbol resembles an elephant.

==Overview==
{{Quote|The untouchable sky conceals the truth about the world... At least, that's what we Rtawahists believe.|[[Ashk]]}}

Encompassing subjects such as astrology and astronomy, the Rtawahist school believes that studying the stars will lead to the truth, and that the stars write people's destinies.<ref name="Sitt" />  In Sumeru, only academics are allowed to study astrology, although other methods of fortune-telling are allowed.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Traveler|About Divination}}</ref>

==Members==
{{Characters by Category List|Rtawahist|2
|exclude=Azar
|full_header=[[Azar]] was the Sage of Rtawahist.<br>There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are or were part of Rtawahist
}}

==Trivia==
*[[Mona]]'s astrology column in [[The Steambird]] is well known among Rtawahist scholars.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Layla|About Mona}}</ref>
* The chief editor of Rtawahist keeps Starlogs that show the fates of all living beings.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Layla|Something to Share}}</ref>
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}
===Etymology===
* Like the other Six Darshans, the name "Rtawahist" is derived from one of the six {{w|Zoroastianism|Zoroastrian}} deities collectively known as the {{w|Amesha Spenta}}. {{w|Asha}} (or Arta), also known as Asha Vahista (Avestan for "Best Truth") and as Ashawahist in Middle Persian, is both a concept and a deity. While the concept is difficult to translate into other languages, it can be understood as a universal, fundamental truth which then writes reality and has an inherent moral quality.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Rtawahist
|zhs     = 明论派 / 梨多梵谛
|zhs_rm  = Mínglùn-pài / Líduōfàndì
|zht     = 明論派 / 梨多梵諦
|zht_rm  = Mínglùn-pài / Líduōfàndì
|zh_tl   = School of the Theory of Enlightenment / Rtawahist
|ja      = 明論派 / ルタワヒスト
|ja_rm   = Meiron-ha<ref>{{Ref/VO|Layla|モナについて…|ja}}</ref> / Rutawahisuto{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = School of the Theory of Enlightenment{{Sino|ja}} / Rtawahist
|ko      = 명론<->파 / 르타와히스트
|ko_tl   = School of the Theory of Enlightenment{{Sino|ko}} / Rtawahist
|es      = Escuela de Iluminacionismo / Rtawahist
|es_tl   = School of Illuminationism / Rtawahist
|fr      = Rtawahist
|ru      = Ртавахист
|th      = ภาควิชาอิลลูมิเนชั่นนิสม์ / Rtawahist
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Department of Illuminationism / Rtawahist
|vi      = Rtawahist
|de      = Rtawahist / Himmelskunde
|de_tl   = Rtawahist / Astronomy
|de_note = {{de|Himmelskunde}} is the archaic term for "astronomy," lit. "study of the sky."
|id      = Rtawahist
|pt      = Rtawahist
|tr      = Rtawahist
|it      = Rtawahist
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[de:Himmelskunde]]
[[es:Facultad Rtawahist]]
[[fr:Rtawahist]]
[[ja:明論派]]
[[pl:Rtawahist]]
[[tr:Rtawahist]]