{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Ruggiero.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Deceased prior to the game's events<ref>{{Ref/HEO|The Fundamentals of Music|s = Dialogue|quote = '''Tailleferre:''' According to records left by someone named Ruggiero several hundred years back, it should be somewhere within the Faded Castle. Could you help me search for it?}}</ref>
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Consilium Sapientium
|affiliationNote  = founder
|title            = Doge

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Ruggiero''' is a historical figure from [[Fontaine]]. He was the first Doge of [[Petrichor]].<ref name="Tiepolo">{{Ref/NPC|Tiepolo|quote = '''Tiepolo:''' For a time after, it seemed as though the town would become some abandoned fishing village... At least until after our first Doge Ruggiero established the Consilium Sapientium and restored our fortunes.}}</ref>

==Profile==
Ruggiero was on a quest to obtain proof of the Grand Symphonies' existence and collected special conches to do so. He sensed a mysterious energy lingering in Petrichor, which was at that time a run-down fishing village, and went there to find the [[Faded Castle]] of legend, where he believed he would find his answers. <ref name="Research Notes">{{Ref/HEO|Arkhium Forge|s = The Research Notes of Master Ruggiero}}</ref>

In Petrichor, Ruggiero met the [[Cassiodor|Golden Hunter]]. The Golden Hunter's extensive knowledge about [[Remuria]], which contradicted commonly accepted historical knowledge at the time, caused Ruggiero to suspect that he was actually one of the last remnants of Remuria, but he didn't understand how he became immortal.<ref>Interactable: [[Faded Castle#Ruggiero's Notes (I)|Ruggiero's Notes (I)]]</ref> Ruggiero helped the Golden Hunter to prevent [[Boethius]] from awakening the seals to Remuria, and eventually helped sealed off the Faded Castle as well after being unable to find the relics he was looking for there.<ref>Interactable: [[Faded Castle#Ruggiero's Notes (II)|Ruggiero's Notes (II)]]</ref>

Eventually, Ruggiero learned the truth behind the Grand Symphonies and their capabilities. He gave up on his quest, believing that "humanity has no need to — nor should they — control any knowledge beyond their abilities." The Golden Hunter left, but Ruggiero decided to stay behind and rebuild Petrichor. By attracting refugees to live there and spreading other versions of the legend, the recently rebuilt seals and the secrets of the town would be protected. He founded the Consilium Sapientium, a council of elders who would assess all the affairs in Petrichor,<ref name="Tiepolo" />  and had monetary help from Juliano, a wealthy adventurer, to rebuild the town.<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Juliano's Legacy|s = Ancient Notes}}</ref>

Bravais believed that due to the poor academic environment in Fontaine then, his accomplishments never received fair evaluation.<ref name="Research Notes" />

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
''(To be added.)''
<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Ruggiero
|zhs     = 鲁杰罗
|zhs_rm  = Lǔjiéluó
|zht     = 魯傑羅
|zht_rm  = Lǔjiéluó
|ja      = ルッジェロ
|ja_rm   = Rujjero
|ko      = 루지에로
|es      = Ruggiero
|fr      = Ruggiero
|ru      = Руджеро
|th      = Ruggiero
|vi      = Ruggiero
|de      = Ruggiero
|id      = Ruggiero
|pt      = Ruggiero
|tr      = Ruggiero
|it      = Ruggiero
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}