{{Stub}}
{{Location Infobox
|image        = Ruined Armament Workshop.png
|type         = Subarea
|map_level    = Dragons' Residence in the Ancient Sacred Mountain
|area         = Ancient Sacred Mountain
|region       = Natlan
|map          = Ancient Sacred Mountain
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>{{If Self|Ruined Armament Workshop|It|The Ruined Armament Workshop}} was once a facility for manufacturing and storing weapons. The ancient [[dragon]]s may have also used it for human experimentation.</p>}}

==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|Ruined Armament Workshop Quests|heo=1}}

==Interactables==
===Nest Experiment Log===
Located on the right side of the huge dragon statue.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:"...[[Kukulkan|The Regent]]'s so-called '[[Och-Kan|test subject]],' which appears to be no more than an ordinary human child, has arrived. Thrown in with the [[vishap]]s, it will likely be seen as nothing but food..."
:&nbsp;
:"...The subject exhibits strength and regenerative capabilities far beyond those of the average adult human male, and has even shown itself capable of snatching food from the vishaps..."
:&nbsp;
:"...Notably, after feeding itself, the subject always shares the remaining food with the other vishaps... Such altruism far exceeds that observed in similar experiments on humans. A report has been sent to the Regent..."
:&nbsp;
:"...In accordance with standard protocol, a neutralization injection was administered to the surplus entity deemed unfit for dragonhood. The subject displayed a fear absent in vishaps and an empathy toward fallen enemies unseen in humans. Though the subject was briefly incapacitated, all physiological indicators remained within safe parameters and no medical intervention was required. A report has been sent to the Regent..."
:&nbsp;
:"...The subject has escaped the nest. In accordance with standard protocol, (...) has been dispatched to pursue and neutralize it..."
:&nbsp;
:"...By order of the Regent, the hunt protocol has been rescinded on the grounds of having personally neutralized the subject. Record concluded."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Ruined Armament Workshop
|zhs      = 支离武备所
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 支離武備所
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 武器{{Rubi|工房|ぶきこうぼう}}の{{Rubi|跡地|あとち}}
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 부서진 무기고
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Arsenal Disgregado
|es_tl    = Dispersed Arsenal
|fr       = Atelier d'armement en ruine
|fr_tl    = Armament Workshop in Ruins
|ru       = Заброшенная оружейная мастерская
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Ruined Armament Workshop
|vi       = Xưởng Vũ Khí Hư Hại
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ruinierte Rüstungsschmiede
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Ruined Armament Workshop
|pt       = Arsenal Arruinado
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yıkık Silah Atölyesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Officina d'Armamenti in Rovina
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Natlan}}

[[fr:Atelier d'armement en ruine]]