{{Location Infobox
|title        = Ruin Golem
|image        = Ruin Golem (Valley of Dahri).png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Sumeru
|subregion    = Great Red Sand
|area         = Land of Upper Setekh
|subarea      = Valley of Dahri
}}
{{Location Intro|The '''Ruin Golem'''|description=<p>{{If Self|Ruin Golem (Valley of Dahri)|It|[[Valley of Dahri]]'s Ruin Golem}} is one of three [[Ruin Golem]]s located in the Sumeru region, alongside the Ruin Golems at [[Devantaka Mountain]] and [[Desert of Hadramaveth]].</p><p>This Ruin Golem is still operative and will shoot projectiles at the player, dealing {{Color|AoE Physical DMG}} and causing massive knockback. Its projectiles can also destroy loose rocks. After a certain point in the ''[[Afratu's Dilemma]]'' World Quest, the Ruin Golem will cease firing upon the player and the player will be able to operate the Ruin Golem themselves.</p>}}

Operating the Ruin Golem for the first time will grant the {{Achievement|What Does This Button Do?}}

==Damage==
{{Environmental Damage|4|Ruin Golem projectiles}}

==Interactables==
===Old Orders===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Old Orders:''' ...Knight Commander [[Hadura]], who has successfully led the operation to stall the beasts, is hereby conferred the title of "Sentinel of the Golden Hall"...
:'''Old Orders:''' ...by order of Marshal Regent [[Anfortas]]...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Sealed Orders===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Sealed Orders:''' ...all remaining personnel should immediately abandon this machine upon completion of the mission and relocate to the Marshal's machine...
:'''Sealed Orders:''' ...it is a pity that due to our limited transportation capacity and the uncontrollable security risks, we can only provide the wounded with sufficient supplies and transfer them to a nearby safe zone for now. We will come back to them later...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Someone's Diary===
Located outside the entrance to the Ruin Golem's head.

(These seem to be old notes. The paper is wet and tattered, and when you flip to the back page, the handwriting there is even more of a maze.)

...This strange illness has plagued me ever since I entered the desert. At first, it was just peeling skin, and then I began to develop necrosis on all four limbs, till my work became hampered...

...This pestilence has marred my appearance to the point where even my colleagues who send me food have begun to look at me with strange, even terrified eyes, as if there was some indecipherable horror behind my swaddling bandages...

...I had a most terrifying dream. There, I entered an underground city far beneath even the land from which I came. There, I saw my deceased parents and all my friends, whom I lost in that [[cataclysm]]. Their faces, too, had melted to the point where no humanity might be glimpsed in them, but I knew for sure that it was them I saw...

...The curse... inescapable... but... we will be reunited...

===Ragged Records===
(This seems to be a page from a battle log. As to why it was so hurriedly torn out, you cannot say.)

...Due to the aforementioned reasons, this machine now suffers from a severe lack of manpower that cannot be resolved in the short term. As such, three secondary control cabins on the left and right have been temporarily disabled, and movement has been transferred over to the autonomous smart boot system...

...We have successfully led the beasts to the canyon before blanketing them with fire and destroying them. In the process, however, our weapons systems have overheated and meltdown has occurred. The affected components will be difficult to repair and have thus been temporarily uninstalled, while a search party has been sent to the surface to seek out replacements...

...The internal damage has destroyed bearings in many places and the machine is no longer mobile. This situation has been reported to our superiors. Awaiting further orders...

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[ja:遺跡巨像 (ダーリの谷)]]