{{See also|Safe Conduct}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 31140; 31141; 31142; 31143
|image          = Commission Rules of Safe Transportation.png
|caption        = Kannazuka version
|type           = Commission
|startLocation  = [[Kannazuka]], [[Inazuma]]
|startLocation2 = [[Konda Village]], Inazuma
|startLocation3 = [[Narukami Island]], Inazuma
|otherRewards   = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters     = Traveler
}}
'''''Rules of Safe Transportation''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
{{Quest Description|A hot air balloon carrying cargo seems to have been targeted by monsters. Stop the monsters from seizing the cargo and escort the hot air balloon safely to its destination.}}
# Escort the [[Transport Balloon|transport balloon]] safely to its destination

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Gameplay Notes==
*Each version usually has some [[Hilichurl Structures|Hilichurl roadblocks]] (that can be [[Burning|burned]]) or Hilichurl towers.

==Locations==
===Kannazuka===
Starts east of the Teleport Waypoint south of [[Kujou Encampment]], heads east along the path upwards, then turns south into [[Tatarasuna]] before stopping.
# {{Enemy List|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*3}}
# {{Enemy List|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter;Crackling Axe Mitachurl}}
#* hilichurl barrier
# {{Enemy List|Electro Hilichurl Grenadier;Pyro Abyss Mage;Electro Samachurl;Electro Hilichurl Shooter;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter}}
#* 2 hilichurl roadblocks

===Konda Village===
In this version, the balloon starts in Konda Village, heads north, then heads southeast towards Mt. Yougou and Chinju Forest before stopping.
# {{Enemy List|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter;Electro Hilichurl Shooter}}
#* hilichurl barrier {{Enemy List|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard/spawn when the balloon reaches the barrier}}
# After turning southeast: {{Enemy List|Electro Hilichurl Grenadier;Hilichurl Grenadier}}
#* hilichurl barrier with 2 exploding barrels
# Another wave spawns immediately after breaking the barrier: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Grenadier;Cryo Hilichurl Shooter;Electro Hilichurl Shooter;Hilichurl Berserker}}
#* hilichurl barrier with 3 exploding barrels (these are present before the enemies spawn; it may be helpful to break this latter barrier first, before spawning the enemies)
# Continuing southeast: {{Enemy List|Pyro Hilichurl Shooter;Hydro Samachurl;Electro Abyss Mage}}
#* hilichurl roadblock and [[Boom Blossom]] (1 Pyro, 3 Electro)
# {{Enemy List|Electro Hilichurl Shooter;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter;Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}
#* 3 Electro Boom Blossoms

===Narukami Island===
Starts on the beach north of [[Konda Village]]. Escort the balloon to its destination in 5:00.
# The balloon heads south, then turns southeast to head inland, where it is blocked by 2 hilichurl roadblocks which must be destroyed before the balloon can continue. There are 3 explosive barrels by the roadblocks, and enemies nearby that attack the balloon: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Grenadier;Electro Hilichurl Grenadier;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter;Electro Hilichurl Shooter}}
# The balloon turns west to return to the beach, where more enemies will attack: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer*2;Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer*2}}
#* Note: only 4 potioneers appear initially; the last Electro and Pyro potioneers spawn later
# The balloon continues towards [[Ritou]], but is blocked by a hilichurl barrier halfway across. The barrier must be destroyed before the balloon can continue. Meanwhile, enemies attack the balloon: {{Enemy List|Electro Hilichurl Shooter/on a hilichurl tower;Cryo Hilichurl Shooter/on a hilichurl tower;Blazing Axe Mitachurl/Spawns when the balloon stops at the barrier. Will not spawn if the barrier is broken before the balloon reaches it.;Electro Abyss Mage}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Rules of Safe Transportation
|zhs     = 安全运输法则
|zhs_rm  = Ānquán Yùnshū Fǎzé
|zht     = 安全運輸法則
|zht_rm  = Ānquán Yùnshū Fǎzé
|zh_tl   = Safe Transportation Rules
|ja      = 安全な輸送規則
|ja_rm   = Anzen-na Yusou Kisoku
|ja_tl   = Rules of Safe Transportation
|ko      = 안전 운송 법칙
|ko_tl   = Safe Transportation Rules
|es      = Normas para un transporte seguro
|es_tl   = Rules for Safe Transportation
|fr      = La sécurité avant tout
|fr_tl   = Safety Before Everything Else
|ru      = Безопасность прежде всего
|ru_tl   = Safety Before Everything Else
|th      = กฎการขนส่งที่ปลอดภัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Rules of Safe Transportation
|vi      = Quy tắc vận chuyển an toàn
|vi_tl   = Safe Transportation Rules
|de      = Sichere Fahrt
|de_tl   = Safe Ride
|id      = Petunjuk Keamanan
|id_tl   = Safety Rules
|pt      = Condutas para um Transporte Seguro
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Güvenli Taşıma Kuralları
|tr_tl   = Safe Transport Rules
|it      = Regole per un trasporto sicuro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Basic}}

[[ja:安全な輸送規則 (2)]]