{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = 
|type       = Quest-Like
|req        = 
|region     = Fontaine
|area       = Erinnyes Forest
|subarea    = "The Rusty Rudder"
|loc        = [["The Rusty Rudder"]], [[Erinnyes Forest]]
|characters = Permingeat; Traveler
|rewards    = 
}}
'''Rusty Rudder Q&A''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] that takes place in {{LL|"The Rusty Rudder"|,}} [[Erinnyes Forest]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Permingeat]]
# Answer Permingeat's questions
# Operate the cannon

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this Hidden Exploration Objective reveals a [[Teleport Waypoint]] and an [[Exquisite Chest]] with {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the cannon, optional)
:'''Permingeat:''' A moment, please. Would you like to know a secret regarding the treasure?

;(Talk to Permingeat)
:'''Permingeat:''' One moment please. Would you like to hear a secret about the treasure?
:{{DIcon}} What secret?
:'''Permingeat:''' It has to do with treasure and the key to opening the gate. How does that sound? Interested?
:{{DIcon}} You're not asking me to fight monsters again, are you?
:{{DIcon}} You're not asking me to find someone or something for you again, are you?
:'''Permingeat:''' Of course not! We wouldn't dream of asking tavern guests to run errands.
:'''Permingeat:''' See this naval artillery by my side and the rubble it's pointed at?
:'''Permingeat:''' Activate the cannon and blow up those rocks, and any treasure you uncover is yours for the taking.
:{{DIcon}} Who on Teyvat named that cannon?
:'''Permingeat:''' [[Pitot|The helmsman]] did. I'm not entirely sure myself where he acquired it.
:{{DIcon}} Out with it. What parts are missing?
:{{DIcon}} Out with it. How is it powered?
:'''Permingeat:''' I think you've been misinformed, friend. The cannon is entirely intact and fully powered. I tend to it every day.
:'''Permingeat:''' But before you activate the cannon, I would like you to answer several questions.
:'''Permingeat:''' It's per the request from the helmsman. He called it a good source of amusement for guests at the tavern, something to slow down their drinking and keep them here longer.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure about this, but ask away.
:'''Permingeat:''' Question 1: How many tables are there in The Rusty Rudder?
:'''Permingeat:''' Question 2: How many employees do we have at The Rusty Rudder?
:'''Permingeat:''' Question 3: What is not served in The Rusty Rudder?
:'''Permingeat:''' That's it. You only need to answer these three questions correctly to activate the cannon, blow up the rubble, and get the treasure.
:{{DIcon}} What will happen after I get the treasure?
:'''Permingeat:''' After that, I'll find the right time to place another suitable prize in the cave and seal it with rubble.
:'''Permingeat:''' The treasure is waiting to be claimed once the next guest activates the artillery.
:{{DIcon}} That's a lot of work for you.
:{{DIcon}} Talk about a horrible boss.
::'''Permingeat:''' I find it hard to disagree with your remark, but I have yet to find a way to point the cannon at the helmsman without him detecting it.
::'''Permingeat:''' Besides, rashly shooting in the wrong direction may harm other guests at the tavern, which stands in conflict with my moral principles.
:'''Permingeat:''' That's all. You may look for the answers now. Meanwhile, I'll stay here and wait for you.

;(Talk to Permingeat again)
:'''Permingeat:''' Have you found the answers to the questions? Let me remind you of the questions first.
:'''Permingeat:''' Question 1: How many tables are there in The Rusty Rudder?
:'''Permingeat:''' Question 2: How many employees do we have at The Rusty Rudder?
:'''Permingeat:''' Question 3: What is not served in The Rusty Rudder?
:'''Permingeat:''' Are you ready to answer the questions?
:{{DIcon}} We're ready.
:;(Continue to the next section)
:{{DIcon}} I still need to give it some more thought.
::'''Permingeat:''' Then I'll be waiting for your answers to my questions! You can find me right here whenever you're ready.

;(Select "We're ready.")
:'''Permingeat:''' Then let's begin. First question. How many tables are there in The Rusty Rudder?
:{{DIcon}} Three.
::'''Permingeat:''' Correct! One step closer to activating the cannon.
::'''Permingeat:''' Question 2: How many employees do we have at The Rusty Rudder?
::{{DIcon}} One.
:::'''Permingeat:''' I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's the wrong answer. Do you want to try again?
:::{{DIcon}} I'll do it again.
:::;(Restart quiz)
:::{{DIcon}} Let me consider this further...
::::'''Permingeat:''' Then I'll be waiting for your answers to my questions! You can find me right here whenever you're ready.
::{{DIcon}} Three.
:::'''Permingeat:''' Correct! One step closer to activating the cannon.
:::'''Permingeat:''' Question 3: What is not served in The Rusty Rudder?
:::{{DIcon}} Cheese.
::::'''Permingeat:''' I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's the wrong answer. Do you want to try again?
::::{{DIcon}} I'll do it again.
::::;(Restart quiz)
::::{{DIcon}} Let me consider this further...
:::::'''Permingeat:''' Then I'll be waiting for your answers to my questions! You can find me right here whenever you're ready.
:::{{DIcon}} Romaritime Flower.
::::'''Permingeat:''' All correct! Congratulations, you may activate the cannon.
::::'''Permingeat:''' Hold on a sec, let me cover my ears first.
:::{{DIcon}} Milk.
::::'''Permingeat:''' I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's the wrong answer. Do you want to try again?
::::{{DIcon}} I'll do it again.
::::;(Restart quiz)
::::{{DIcon}} Let me consider this further...
:::::'''Permingeat:''' Then I'll be waiting for your answers to my questions! You can find me right here whenever you're ready.
::{{DIcon}} I am your employee.
:::'''Permingeat:''' I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's the wrong answer. Do you want to try again?
:::{{DIcon}} I'll do it again.
:::;(Restart quiz)
:::{{DIcon}} Let me consider this further...
::::'''Permingeat:''' Then I'll be waiting for your answers to my questions! You can find me right here whenever you're ready.
:{{DIcon}} Two.
::'''Permingeat:''' I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's the wrong answer. Do you want to try again?
::{{DIcon}} I'll do it again.
::;(Restart quiz)
::{{DIcon}} Let me consider this further...
:::'''Permingeat:''' Then I'll be waiting for your answers to my questions! You can find me right here whenever you're ready.
:{{DIcon}} There aren't any.
::'''Permingeat:''' I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's the wrong answer. Do you want to try again?
::{{DIcon}} I'll do it again.
::;(Restart quiz)
::{{DIcon}} Let me consider this further...
:::'''Permingeat:''' Then I'll be waiting for your answers to my questions! You can find me right here whenever you're ready.

;(Talk to Permingeat again, optional)
:'''Permingeat:''' All correct! Congratulations, you may activate the cannon.
:'''Permingeat:''' Hold on a sec, let me cover my ears first.

;(After destroying the rock wall)
:'''Permingeat:''' Congratulations!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Quest-Like}}