{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73521; 73523
|image         = Event Quest That Incident From Twenty Years Ago.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dori; Huvishka; Paimon; Suhayb; Traveler; Vasudeva; Wiqas
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = "That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"
|next          = The Contestant
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
}}
'''''Sachin's Article''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Ask Dori for information
# Talk to someone at the venue (0/2)
# Go to the Akademiya to look for Wiqas
# Ask the mercenary about Sachin's article

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest before completing the final quest in the main event storyline, ''[[The Arc of Intellect]]'', allows players to speak to Kaveh alone in the event World Quest ''[[When the Curtains Close]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|There seems to be something else behind what Dori has told you. Why not go and ask her for more information?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Dori:''' Well, well, if it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon, yet again!
:'''Dori:''' I have the latest update on the Akademiya Extravaganza. Would you like to hear it?
:'''Paimon:''' How much is it?
:'''Dori:''' It's free! Isn't Lord Sangemah Bay generous?
:'''Dori:''' Do you guys remember [[Sachin]]?
:'''Paimon:''' The guy who sponsored the Akademiya Extravaganza! Paimon heard that the prize money and Diadem of Knowledge came from him.
:'''Dori:''' Bingo! In fact, not long ago, when I was doing business in the desert, I met an old businessman.
:'''Dori:''' And guess what I got from him? A dealer's ledger! With it, I can avoid dangerous areas in the desert and go to more places!
:'''Dori:''' Of course, the most important thing is that the ledger mentions Sachin!
:'''Dori:''' It turned out that Sachin had been to the desert to investigate the people's local conditions and customs. He also had cordial exchanges with the traveling merchants in the desert!
:'''Dori:''' Much of the text is lost, but this is a first-hand account of the big sponsor behind the Akademiya Extravaganza! Would you like a look?
:'''Paimon:''' Okay. Let's have a look, then.
:;(Opens Old Papers)
::'''Old Papers'''
::"The sandstorms are raging... the caravan has stalled..."
::"We ran into a scholar calling himself Sachin. He said he could sponsor the caravan, provided that we..."
::"This is a trial of human nature... betrayal... plunder..."
::"There was nothing we could do... No one could withstand..."
::"If I could do it all over again... I would never have taken that money. Then they wouldn't have had to die, and I wouldn't be living like this... a fate worse than death..."
:: "...people are the most terrifying animals in this world."
:'''Paimon:''' Eh... this is all hard to understand! Dori, what does this all mean?
:'''Dori:''' What does this all mean? I'm afraid that if you need it analyzed, it'll cost you an extra million Mora!
:'''Paimon:''' Forget it, then!
:'''Dori:''' Well, since you're not paying, that'll be all for Dori's special news.
:'''Dori:''' But let me give you a hint! There should be someone here who's been to a lot of Akademiya Extravaganzas. Perhaps you could talk to them?

;(Talk to Dori again, optional)
:'''Dori:''' Well... Here's some food for thought. Why did Sachin sponsor the Akademiya Extravaganza?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Dori suggests that you talk to people at the venue of the Championship and see if anyone knows something.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Vasudeva)
:'''Vasudeva:''' Alas, seeing these young children, I can't help but reminisce about the past.
:'''Vasudeva:''' The Interdarshan Championship has always been a stage for young talent. Unfortunately, not every genius will be successful eventually...
:{{DIcon}} Why do you say that?
:'''Vasudeva:''' Geniuses are mostly stubborn and cold, and find it hard to understand the pain of others.
:'''Vasudeva:''' Empathetic people, on the other hand, often fall into self-doubt and depression.
:'''Vasudeva:''' People who are not firm can only stand still, while people who are determined but walk down the wrong path refuse to look back. There's a lot to think about here...

;(Talk to Vasudeva again, optional)
:'''Vasudeva:''' Ah, to be young...

;(Talk to Huvishka)
:'''Huvishka:''' For this year's Interdarshan Championship, my favorite has to be Cyno.
:'''Huvishka:''' Aside from his skills as the General Mahamatra, looking back at the tournament's history, the Spantamad Darshan has the highest percentage of champions.
:'''Huvishka:''' Many people say that the Spantamad Darshan produces many talented people, such as Cyrus, Ruzicka, Lisa, Cyno...
:'''Huvishka:''' The brighter the talent, the sooner the game will lose its suspense. The most exciting competition was still twenty years ago.
:'''Huvishka:''' At that time, my friend also participated in the game, and I went there to cheer for him. The last round was played in Avidya Forest. In the end, no one dared to approach them, and no one knew what was going on in the depths of the forest...
:'''Huvishka:''' Then I heard the Akademiya shut down the competition. Later, the Interdarshan Championship removed many of the events in which people fought to the death, discouraging people from being desperate enough to do so.
:{{DIcon}} What is your friend like?
:'''Huvishka:''' Let me think. He's honest and kind, but he's also vulnerable and sensitive.
:'''Huvishka:''' Most of all, he cares about us. When we drink together, our time is filled with laughter and cheer.
:'''Huvishka:''' It's just too bad that it's all in the past now. Among the friends we drank with, some died, some disappeared, some now live in seclusion... They say fate is fickle. Perhaps it's true.
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like something did happen twenty years ago... Right, didn't [[Wiqas]] tell us to seek him out if we had any questions?
:'''Paimon:''' Now that we have time, why don't we ask him?

;(Talk to Huvishka again, optional)
:'''Huvishka:''' Time will erase all traces of one's existence.
:'''Huvishka:''' I have long forgotten much of the merry times during my days as a student. Even now, I'm unsure of what exactly I'm reminiscing about. Perhaps, I'm just reluctant to admit that I'm getting old...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|It seems that something did happen during the Interdarshan Championship twenty years ago. Would Wiqas, a member of the Akademiya Extravaganza Planning Committee, know something about it?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Wiqas)
:'''Wiqas:''' ...That incident from twenty years ago? Why the sudden question? Did you hear any particular information?
:'''Paimon:''' We've heard that the diadem seems to have been lost twenty years ago, and some contestant's personality has changed...
:'''Wiqas:''' You seem to know a lot about that.
:'''Paimon:''' Wiqas, is there something you're not telling us?
:'''Wiqas:''' Not exactly. I was five years old when it happened. How could I know?
:'''Wiqas:''' But there are things I've never told anyone. I'm actually a part of the Akademiya Extravaganza's planning committee, because of the influence of a senior colleague.
:'''Wiqas:''' That senior colleague and I met on a trip. He was... a bit timid, and would always flee and cower somewhere at the first sign of an emergency.
:'''Wiqas:''' One day, four years ago, I said to him: "I want to go back to the Akademiya. The Akademiya Extravaganza is about to begin."
:'''Paimon:''' And then?
:'''Wiqas:''' Upon mentioning the Akademiya Extravaganza, he got startled and said something about "it has nothing to do with me."
:'''Wiqas:''' When I said goodbye to him, he insisted on getting a drink with me. After several drinks, he started talking all sorts of nonsense.
:'''Wiqas:''' I also had too many, and in my drunken stupor, I didn't really hear him that well.
:'''Wiqas:''' I only remember that he said that he lost the Diadem of Knowledge for a while. He was in charge of the distribution and recovery of the Diadem of Knowledge, and that he nearly had a heart attack upon realizing that the diadem was missing. Fortunately, he finally found it in a tree hole.
:'''Paimon:''' Like the one we saw before...
:'''Wiqas:''' He said that the Diadem of Knowledge is a very valuable treasure, which is recorded in many ancient books. Legend has it that it was built by a famous craftsman in ancient times, and carries a secret that no one knows.
:'''Wiqas:''' Sachin had entrusted the Akademiya to safeguard the diadem, after all. If my senior was responsible for the diadem's disappearance, he could not afford to pay for it with his meager wealth.
:'''Wiqas:''' Even if the loss was temporary, no one should know of it, lest the Akademiya find him guilty of gross negligence.
:'''Paimon:''' So he covered it up?
:'''Wiqas:''' Yes. It seems that he also said that many people came to inquire about it, including children. But he said that the diadem had never been lost.
:'''Wiqas:''' But he was so scared that when things blew over, he quit his job and left the Akademiya.
:'''Wiqas:''' I drank too much that night, and when I woke up the next day, he was gone. The more I thought about it, the more I had a bad feeling that issues would crop up in the Akademiya Extravaganza if entrusted to someone like him.
:'''Wiqas:''' I didn't have a job at the time, so I joined the Akademiya Extravaganza Planning Committee. I tried to investigate things on the inside too, but I couldn't find anything.
:'''Wiqas:''' And the diadem was found, and the man whose personality was said to have changed, was dead, and there was nothing to be found.
:'''Wiqas:''' Still, twenty years is still a long time. Long enough that the people involved from the beginning no longer remember nor care.
:'''Wiqas:''' That's all I know. If you're curious, keep investigating and maybe one day, you'll discover the truth...
:'''Paimon:''' That's easy for you to say. We don't have much to go on. Do you have any more information? Like where the senior colleague went?
:'''Wiqas:''' I haven't heard from him. Later, I also went to the desert to look for him, but in the vast desert, it was almost impossible to run into him.
:'''Wiqas:''' To make up for it, I do have some information on Sachin. Would you like to hear it?
:'''Paimon:''' Emm... sure! Tell us!
:'''Wiqas:''' When I was traveling, I did so with an [[Suhayb|Eremite commander]]. While we were chatting, he said he came into possession of an article written by an Akademiya researcher.
:'''Wiqas:''' He seemed to think it was something precious, and refused to show it to anyone, only to let me peek at it at my request. I only caught a glimpse of it, but I saw that it was signed by Sachin.
:'''Wiqas:''' I didn't know who Sachin was, nor did I care. After joining the Akademiya Extravaganza Planning Committee, I found out that he was an important member of the Vahumana Darshan who sponsored the event.
:'''Wiqas:''' If you're interested, you can find the Eremite commander in the desert. He's usually in the [[Valley of Dahri]].
:'''Paimon:''' Information related to Sachin? Alright, let's go take a look.

;(Talk to Wiqas again, optional)
:'''Wiqas:''' So, have you got any news?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Wiqas gave you the address of a mercenary who seems to be in possession of Sachin's article...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Suhayb)
:'''Suhayb:''' What do you want?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! This guy looks real fierce!
:'''Suhayb:''' Either say your piece, or leave. I have no time for you.
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, we heard that you have Sachin's article on you, so we were wondering if we could have a look.
:'''Suhayb:''' ...Are you kidding me?
:'''Paimon:''' No! Why would you ask that?
:'''Suhayb:''' It seems like you guys really don't know. Some time ago, I had the article appraised. Turns out, it's nothing more than a personal travel journal, and is of little value.
:'''Suhayb:''' He hired my father to keep him safe. That Sachin fellow would often walk, ask, write, and mumble.
:'''Suhayb:''' There was one time his papers were blown away by the wind. He said it was no big deal. My father, however, thought that things written by intellectuals must be valuable, so he looked around for them at night with a torch.
:'''Suhayb:''' None among my family can read. My father cherished this article and then passed it onto me. I had no idea it was completely worthless.
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds unfortunate... but do you still have it?
:'''Suhayb:''' Yes. You want to have a look? You can look at it as much as you want. Since it's not worth anything, there's no need for me to be so stingy.
:;(Opens Unclear Notes)
::'''Unclear Notes'''
::Once, the gods reigned supreme. All life flocked to them like sheep seeking shepherds, and those who suffered did so in silence.
::Now, divine power has dwindled while human wisdom has blossomed. However, those who suffer face suffering still.
::...
::There is a saying in Liyue that goes "Life is like lodging at an inn," and in Inazuma, "All things are but void." It hurts every time I read these words.
::I tried to seek the reason for this. The wheel of time turns, and the only constant throughout Sumeru's history is human nature.
::Since arriving in the desert, I have conducted a total of 64 experiments over the course of 7 years.
::...
::Men are like prisoners or captured animals, feeding on each other's happiness until one is doomed to eternal torment. Therefore, where there is gain, there must be loss. Where there is happiness, there is agony. Everyone is a victim, but everyone is also a perpetrator.
::Greed and numbness reside in the heart of humanity. Driven by greed, humans choose to commit evil, and numbness is why they turn a blind eye to the evil of others.
::...
::But if this is what the world is, what is, then, the meaning of the world? The "future" is to the "present" as the "present" is to the "past." Peace was never an option. Conflict is the eternal truth.
::Everything... from my knowledge, my wisdom, to my life... is but nothingness.
:'''Paimon:''' So this is the article that Sachin wrote? Eh... to be honest, Paimon can't make sense of any of it.
:'''Paimon:''' But... judging from the crummy handwriting, Paimon can't say exactly why, but Paimon has the feeling he was going through a tough time?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we're done reading it. Thank you very much!
:'''Suhayb:''' You're welcome. It's not worth any money, but I'm going to keep it anyway. After all, my father entrusted it to me. Come see me again if you want to look at it again.
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Suhayb again)
:'''Suhayb:''' Want to read it again?
:;(Opens Unclear Notes)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Based on the dialogue in all three of Dori's World Quests in this event as well as the branching in ''[[When the Curtains Close]]'', this quest may have been intended to come after ''[[The Contestant]]'' instead of before it.
* Huvishka's dialogue in which he says that Cyno is his favorite to win does not change even if the final round of the Interdarshan Championship is already over and the award ceremony has finished.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Sachin's Article
|zhs       = 「萨齐因留下的文字」
|zhs_rm    = "Sàqíyīn Liúxià de Wénzì"
|zht       = 「薩齊因留下的文字」
|zht_rm    = "Sàqíyīn Liúxià de Wénzì"
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 「サーチェンが残した文書」
|ja_rm     = "Saachen ga Nokoshita Bunsho"
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 「사카인이 남긴 문자」
|ko_tl     = "Letters That Sachin Left"
|es        = El escrito de Sachin
|es_tl     = Sachin's Writing
|fr        = L'article de Sachin
|fr_tl     = Sachin's Article
|ru        = Записи Сачина
|ru_tl     = Sachin's Records
|th        = "ข้อความที่ Sachin ทิ้งเอาไว้"
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = "Ghi Chú Của Sachin Để Lại"
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = „Sachins Text“
|de_tl     = "Sachin's Text"
|id        = Artikel Sachin
|id_tl     = Sachin's Article
|pt        = "Mensagem de Sachin"
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Sachin'in Makalesi
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Articolo di Sachin
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:"Mensagem de Sachin"]]
[[ru:Записи Сачина]]