{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Sachin.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Committed suicide roughly 20 years ago before the game's events 
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Vahumana
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Rajput
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Jiwani
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = [https://www.josephstillwagon.com/ Joseph Stillwagon]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/TheStillwagon/status/1653497448399265792 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230724155134/https://twitter.com/TheStillwagon/status/1653497448399265792 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Sachin''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in {{Quest|To Claim the Crown}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Sachin was a brilliant researcher from the [[Vahumana]] darshan. Over 20 years before [[Chapter III]] began, he ventured into the desert to conduct research and observe the lives of desert dwellers, abandoning his family and his son [[Jiwani]]. After falling into despair as a result of his research, Sachin eventually took his own life after handing over all of his assets to the Akademiya and sealing away a portion of his consciousness in the [[Diadem of Knowledge]]. Sachin revealed himself to Kaveh's father, triggering a series of events that would affect his son, Kaveh's, life as he grew up and eventually lead to Kaveh competing in the Interdarshan Championship, where Sachin would choose him as his successor.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
Sachin was born to [[Rajput]], a renowned merchant with many properties. At age nine, he enrolled in Vahumana, and graduated as the valedictorian. At age sixteen, Sachin ventured the rainforests and deserts of Sumeru to research the local environments and customs. At age 23, his father died and Sachin returned to Sumeru City to manage his father's business and stayed there for two years.

At age 25, twenty-eight years before the Interdarshan Championship held during the Event [[A Parade of Providence]], Sachin ventured into the desert to conduct more research, leaving his family behind. Sachin would travel with a caravan led by [[Suhayb]]'s father, and he would live in [[Aaru Village]] for a period of time. During this period of time, Sachin saw various conflicts that the people of the desert endured. Being an idealist, these experiences tormented Sachin, and he would seek out an answer to resolve the strife the people of the desert were enduring. However, even after exhausting all of his knowledge and meeting with the [[Order of Skeptics]], Sachin concluded that there was no way to save the people of the desert, as his results had led him to believe that "things can only ever go from bad to worse." At some point, Sachin was able to purchase with many of assets what would become the [[Diadem of Knowledge]].

At age 32, Sachin, weak and depressed, returned to Sumeru City and locked himself within his room. Sometime during this period, Sachin would start researching the Diadem of Knowledge nonstop for days in the storage room of his residence, likely discovering at this time that the diadem can preserve part of one's consciousness and implanting a part of his mind into the diadem. At age 33, Sachin entered a contract with the Akademiya where he placed the management of his properties to the Akademiya. The contract stated that some of the profit of the business he had will be allocated towards the funding of the Interdarshan Championship, and that the Diadem of Knowledge will be worn by each winner of the Interdarshan Championship as a symbol of great honor. It also said that Sachin would be looking closely on each candidate during every Interdarshan Championship, and that whoever Sachin identifies with will inherit all of his wealth and have full rights to all of the assets and proceeds.

Afterwards, Sachin would return to the desert and end his life; no one became aware of his death. That, alongside his promise to look closely on each contestant during every Interdarshan Championship, lead people to believe that he was still alive. However, Sachin continued to live on through the Diadem of Knowledge. Since his death, there were no reported incidents involving the Diadem of Knowledge, yet twenty years ago, Sachin revealed himself to [[Kaveh's father]] during the final round of the Interdarshan Championship he was competing in. Sachin likely told Kaveh's father about his beliefs and his research in the desert, which would lead Kaveh's father into depression. This meeting negatively affected Kaveh's father so much that an Aranara named Arakasyapa, who was taught to read and write in the human script by a young Kaveh's father, took the Diadem of Knowledge and hid it in a tree hollow in order to protect him from its influence. The diadem would be found once more by the employee of the Akademiya responsible for its whereabouts, but Kaveh's father would be lost forever; he would eventually venture to the desert due to what he learned from Sachin, run into a caravan stuck in quicksand, and save many people's lives at the cost of his own.

During the Interdarshan Championship in the Event A Parade of Providence, the [[Traveler]] would have a short vision of Sachin during the opening ceremony as the master of ceremony [[Kareena]] was introducing the Diadem of Knowledge. Later on, a conspiracy to kidnap Sachin by a group of [[Eremites]] masterminded by his son [[Jiwani]], who was under the belief that he was alive, would be foiled. During the final round of the competition, Sachin would reveal himself to Kaveh and choose him as the successor of the experiment he was conducting when he was alive, which was to determine if Sachin's beliefs would make his successor suffer or if Sachin's wealth would make his successor numb to the strife of the world. Kaveh, deciding to reject Sachin, shatters the diadem, making Sachin disappear for good. Sachin can be seen smiling as he disappears, suggesting that he approved of Kaveh's decision to reject inheriting his research and adhering to his idealism. Having still inherited Sachin's estate, Kaveh decided to donate it all towards the betterment of the people of the desert. Afterwards, [[Nahida]] proceeds to seal away Sachin's research in accordance to Kaveh's wishes.

==Trivia==
* While he didn't meet Kaveh in person until he was well into adulthood, Sachin played a significant role in his life by being the indirect cause of his father's death, which disrupted Kaveh's once happy childhood and played a part in shaping his personality into what it is currently.
* It's unclear whether Sachin is aware that he played a role in Kaveh's father's death; while he says Kaveh reminds him of someone he met, which Kaveh interprets as Sachin saying he resembles his father, and that Kaveh is made of sterner stuff than him, there is no further elaboration on Sachin's feelings toward Kaveh's father during their interaction.
* While the characters point out that Kaveh was always intended to be Sachin's chosen successor, the Diadem of Knowledge was only meant to be worn by the winner of the Interdarshan Championship, which Kaveh only became the victor of by pure chance. As a result, it's unclear what Sachin's plan in revealing himself to Kaveh would have been if Kaveh hadn't won the final round.
* In a number of ways, Sachin can be seen as a parallel to [[Kaveh's Father]]:
** Kaveh's father was called an idealist in the past, while Sachin was a self-proclaimed idealist who became a nihilist as a result of the atrocities he witnessed in the desert.
** Both Sachin and Kaveh's Father had one child with their respective partners before their deaths, both coincidentally having sons over 20 years before [[Chapter III]] took place.
** Both left their children 20 years ago to venture out into the desert for research purposes, where they would eventually end up living in [[Aaru Village]] and traveling with a caravan.
** Both died as a result of their desert experiences, though Sachin committed suicide as a result of his despair he felt over the state of the world, whereas Kaveh's father died while trying to save others from quicksand.
** Sachin and Kaveh's father had very different relationships with their children, which resulted in their children perceiving them differently in the present; Sachin was emotionally neglectful to Jiwani and preferred his research over him, causing Jiwani to resent him and actively plot to harm him in order to secure his inheritance, whereas Kaveh had a mutually loving relationship with his father and as a result still thinks highly of him. He also still mourns his death 20 years later, even blaming himself for being the cause of it.
** Even after traveling into the desert, Kaveh's father still cared about Kaveh and wrote him a letter that was later lost after his death, whereas Sachin shows no concern for Jiwani and does not even inform him of his death, let alone the fact that he lived on in the form of the fragment of his consciousness sealed inside the [[Diadem of Knowledge]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en        = Sachin
|zhs       = 萨齐因
|zhs_rm    = Sàqíyīn
|zht       = 薩齊因
|zht_rm    = Sàqíyīn
|ja        = サーチェン
|ja_rm     = Saachen
|ko        = 사카인
|ko_rm     = 
|es        = Sachin
|fr        = Sachin
|ru        = Сачин
|th        = Sachin
|vi        = Sachin
|de        = Sachin
|id        = Sachin
|pt        = Sachin
|tr        = Sachin
|it        = Sachin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Sachin]]