{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 4
|region  = Mondstadt
|passive = Composed
|naming  = Weapon name: Sacrificial ''weapon''
|lore    = [[Thousand Winds Temple]]
|other   = Designs are blue and silver versions of the [[Royal Series]] weapons
}}
The '''Sacrificial Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]].

The shared ability bonus of this series is '''Composed''':
{{Description|After dealing damage to an enemy with an Elemental Skill, the skill has an '''40–80'''% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every '''30–16'''s.}}

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Sacrificial Series}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* The Elemental Skill CD reset effect has a chance to activate for each hit that deals damage to an enemy as well as for each enemy hit while the character is on the field. Therefore:
** Multi-hit skills such as [[Diona]]'s [[Icy Paws]] (5 hits) are more likely to activate the passive.
** Skills that deal AoE damage are more likely to activate the passive if the skill hits multiple enemies.
** If the character equipped with the weapon is not on the field when they deal damage, the passive will not activate.
** If the enemy is Immune to the damage dealt, then the passive will not activate.
* The Elemental Skill CD reset effect will trigger even if Elemental Skill is not on cooldown.
* For Elemental Skills with multiple charges, the passive will only reset cooldown for one charge at a time. The Elemental Skill cooldown shown on the timer is the cooldown that will be reset.
* There are certain specific attacks that, despite being considered Elemental Skill DMG, cannot trigger the CD reset. They include:
** {{Talent|Palm Vortex|20|nobr=1}}'s Cutting DMG and absorbed elemental DMG during Cutting
** {{Talent|Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash|20|nobr=1}}'s Fuufuu Windwheel DMG and absorbed elemental DMG while rolling
** {{Talent|"Come 'n' Get Me, Hag!"|20|nobr=1}}'s additional Phantom Explosion DMG
** {{Constellation|Thundering Might|20|nobr=1}}'s additional Electro DMG

==Lore==
Weapons associated with the [[Thousand Winds Temple]].

It appears the weapons originate from around the time the new [[Anemo]] archon [[Barbatos]] melted the snow across the land and picked out the location of the modern-day city of [[Mondstadt]]. The temple was dedicated to both the Anemo god and the [[Istaroth|God of Time]], and the weapons in this series were props used to reenact past events as a way of worshipping both gods. They believed the two were intimately related, as expressed in the saying, "Anemo brings stories while Time nurtures them."

The [[Sacrificial Sword]] belonged to the [[Gunnhildr Clan]], known for their courage to protect, who played a key role in the rise of the Anemo god Barbatos.

The [[Sacrificial Greatsword]] belonged to the [[Imunlaukr Clan]], known as brave and gifted warriors that fought merely to please the gods.

The [[Sacrificial Bow]] belonged to the [[Lawrence Clan]], known for conquering the frozen wilderness, the clan that rose to power later and became corrupted.

Interestingly, the passage of time has strengthened all three of the above weapons from being mere props to being functional weapons, whereas Sacrificial Fragments is described as 'a cursed item eroded by the winds of time'<ref name="Sac Fragments">{{Ref/Weapon|Sacrificial Fragments}}</ref> and has no mention of a clan associated with it. Perhaps this item and/or any clan associated with it has not received the blessing of the god of Time like the others seemingly have.

The above clans and the people who had taken refuge with [[Decarabian]] seem to have come together to become the people of Mondstadt and worshipped at the Thousand Winds Temple into the Aristocratic period, where they eventually forgot their old traditions and replaced them with new ones, possibly using the temple for their gladiatorial fights.

==Trivia==
*Based on their lore about the origins of Mondstadt, these weapons appear to be roughly 2,600 years old.
*The Imunlaukr Clan is likely descended from the survivor of the civilization on the mountain later known as [[Dragonspine]], as they have the same view on fighting as he had upon finding out his civilization was wiped out. Additionally, the [[Ancient Carvings]] mention his name is "Imunlau-" before fading out, so it's likely that this clan is named after and descended from him.

==Other Languages==
<!-- This section is transcluded on the weapon pages. -->
{{Other Languages
|en      = Composed
|zhs     = 气定神闲
|zhs_rm  = Qìdìng Shénxián
|zht     = 氣定神閒
|zht_rm  = Qìdìng Shénxián
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 落ち着き
|ja_rm   = Ochitsuki
|ja_tl   = Composure
|ko      = 침착
|ko_tl   = Composure
|es      = Serenidad
|es_tl   = Serenity
|fr      = Sang-froid
|fr_tl   = Composure
|ru      = Безмятежный
|ru_tl   = Serene
|th      = Composed
|vi      = Khí Định Thần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Göttliche Fügung
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Composed
|pt      = Composto
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Soğukkanlı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Compostezza
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Sacrificio]]
[[ja:祭礼シリーズ]]