{{Terminology Infobox
|image     = Sacred Flame.png
|type      = Lore
|type2     = Natlan Culture
|region    = Natlan
}}
The '''Sacred Flame''', also called '''K'ahk'''',<ref name="Ancient Bulletin">Interactable: [[Old Core of Chu'ulel#Ancient Bulletin|Ancient Bulletin]]</ref> is a continually burning fire in the {{Location|Stadium of the Sacred Flame}}.

==Overview==
The Sacred Flame serves as a conduit to the [[Night Kingdom]] and a means of communication with the [[Wayob]], and is the foundation of Natlan's resistance against the [[Abyss]]. It is through the Sacred Flame that the [[Pyro Archon]] can raise a warrior back to life during the [[Ode of Resurrection]]. During the Ode, the Archon steps into the flame, retrieves the fallen warrior from the Night Kingdom, and they exit the flame together. When a new Pyro Archon ascends, the Sacred Flame grants them the knowledge and memories of Natlan.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Decision (Archon Quest)}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Echoes of Life}}</ref><ref name="PAF">{{Ref/Quest|Past and Future}}</ref>

The Sacred Flame is fueled by [[Contending Fire]] produced in combat between Natlanese warriors. When necessary, objects which have become imbued with Contending Fire can be burned to sustain it. With Natlan's present deteriorating condition, [[Mavuika]], given no other choice, sacrificed her own power to keep it burning.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Natlan! A New Adventure}}</ref><ref name="PAF"/>

Five hundred years ago, as part of her plan to save Natlan, Mavuika put her life into the Sacred Flame, which allowed her to return to life to become the Pyro Archon again sometime before the [[Traveler]] arrived in Natlan.<ref name="PAF"/>

Smaller flames split off from the Sacred Flame are used in the [[Turnfire]] Night ritual conducted by the [[Scions of the Canopy]]. They can also be used by the player to light certain braziers in Natlan.<ref>Tutorial: [[Tutorial/All-purifying Sacred Flame...|All-purifying Sacred Flame...]]</ref>

The Sacred Flame was temporarily extinguished by [[Gosoythoth]]'s manifestation in Natlan. Mavuika later used the power of the Pyro [[Gnosis]] to restore the flame and displace Gosoythoth from over the Stadium.<ref name="TSD">{{Ref/Quest|The Surging Darkness}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Sacred Flame
|zhs      = 圣火
|zhs_rm   = Shènghuǒ
|zht      = 聖火
|zht_rm   = Shènghuǒ
|zh_tl    = Sacred Flame
|ja       = 聖火
|ja_rm    = Seika
|ja_tl    = Sacred Flame
|ko       = 성화
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Sacrofuego
|es_tl    = Sacredfire
|fr       = Sanctifeu
|fr_tl    = Sanctifire
|ru       = Священное пламя
|ru_tl    = Sacred Flame
|th       = เพลิงศักดิ์สิทธิ์
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Lửa Thánh
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Heiliges Feuer
|de_tl    = Sacred Fire
|id       = Api Keramat
|id_tl    = Sacred Flame
|pt       = Chama Sagrada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kutsal Alevi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Fiamma sacra
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}