{{Book Infobox
|image       = Item Someone's Diary.png
|type        = Quest Items
|rarity      = 3
|description = A tattered scroll containing information related to the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual. Some pages seem to bear the cinnabar seal of some shrine.
|source1     = [[Sacrificial Offering]]
}}
'''Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary''' is a Quest Item obtained in [[Sacrificial Offering]].

==Text==
...<br />
"Seek first forgiveness from [[Ei|Narukami]] in the skies above, and then from [[Orobashi|Watatsumi]] on the land below. Then, recite prayers to quench the gods' anger."<br />
The aforementioned ritual must be carried out before any sacrifices, exorcisms, blessings or spell-rites can take place. The same holds true for this Cleansing Ritual.

The [[Thunder Sakura]] were born from grafted [[Sacred Sakura]] branches. They are offshoots of Narukami's own spirit and connect the [[Grand Narukami Shrine|Grand Shrine]] to all others.<br />
In those days, catastrophe rocked the heavens and demons roamed the earth. The land was defiled, ferocious foes abounded, and small devils wreaked havoc. Thus, the branches were broken off at the Grand Shrine and transplanted across the land to cleanse the filth.<br />
Years passed, and damage accumulated. The Cleansing Ritual must thus be performed to calm the chaos.

The Thunder Sakura purification must take place once every 60 years. The ritual may also be divided into a minor and major cleansing. After performing the minor cleansing a few times, the major cleansing must then be carried out.<br />
During the minor cleansing, one must first seek forgiveness from sky and land, tie up a {{w|Shimenawa}} to form a barrier, and recite the "kashikomi." Next, all the filth must be sealed up inside the barrier and the poisoned root nodules must be isolated from any mortal dwelling. Finally, a ward must be used to suppress all the filth. This must be performed separately in five different places on [[Narukami Island]].<br />
The purpose of this minor cleansing ritual is to isolate the defilement and thus procure some years of peace.

During the major cleansing, one must first seek forgiveness from sky and land. Then five wards representing the eyes, the mouth, the nose, the hands and the feet must be retrieved, destroying the barriers created by the minor cleansing in the process. The filth must then be eradicated by a powerful spell.<br />
The purpose of the major cleansing ritual is to wipe out the defilement and to completely eradicate the filth.

This is the end of the summary. The details are as follows:<br />
(The rest of this text has been rendered unreadable by abrasion, contamination, and other damage.)

==Trivia==
*{{Lang|Kashikomi|ja=畏伎}}, usually written as {{Lang|mini=1|ja={{wt|畏まる|畏み}}}} in Japanese, is a highly respectful term that reflects both awe and fear towards the person the term is used to describe.
*The process for the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual as described in this summary are likely a nod to {{w|norito}}, a type of {{w|Shinto}} chanted prayer used to show reverence to the {{w|kami}} and ask for their blessings. It may be inspired by the {{Lang|Amatsu Norito|ja=天津祝詞}} in particular, which is a prayer to the kami of heaven and earth to cleanse the mortal realm through exorcism and purification.<ref> The Matheson Trust: [https://www.themathesontrust.org/library/amatsu-norito-shinto-incantations ''Amatsu Norito''&mdash;Shinto Incantations]</ref>
**At the end of the Amatsu Norito is the phrase {{Lang|''Kashikomi kashikomi mo maosu''|ja=恐み恐みも申す}}. This {{Lang|"kashikomi"|ja=恐み}} uses different characters from the {{Lang|"kashikomi"|ja=畏伎/畏み}} in the Cleansing Summary, but has the same overall meaning.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary
|zhs     = 神樱大祓要略
|zhs_rm  = Shén yīng dàfú yàolüè
|zht     = 神櫻大祓要略
|zht_rm  = Shén yīng dàfú yàolüè
|ja      = 神櫻大祓要略
|ja_rm   = Shin'ou Ooharae Youryaku
|ko      = 신성한 벚나무 대액막이 개요
|ko_rm   = Sinseonghan Beotnamu Dae'aekmak'i Gaeyo
|es      = Guía para la ceremonia de purificación del Cerezo Sagrado
|fr      = Guide de purification du cerisier sacré
|ru      = Указания по очищению Священной сакуры
|th      = พิธีชำระซากุระศักดิ์สิทธิ์โดยสังเขป
|th_rm   = Phithi chamra sakura saksit doi sangkhep
|vi      = Yếu Lược Tế Lễ Thần Anh Đào
|de      = Anleitung zur Reinigung der heiligen Sakura
|id      = Panduan Ritual Pemurnian Sacred Sakura
|pt      = Guia do Ritual Sagrado de Purificação Sakura
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[pt-br:Guia do Ritual Sagrado de Purificação Sakura]]