{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Safi.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Vahumana
|title            = Researcher

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Safi''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
<!--
==Profile==
Detailed story/lore information goes here.
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Safi}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Safi:''' (I must work harder! Harder! Even harder! The valor of the Knight of Flowers must be recreated!)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Vihar:''' Honorable Knight of Flowers, is there any way we might be of service?
:'''Safi:''' All you need to do for each fight scene is follow the basic theme of each scene. As the actual moves will be undertaken by a professional such as yourself, you needn't follow our original ideas.
:{{DIcon|Shadow of the Knight's Blade}} Then I'll be happy to shoot some more.
::'''Safi:''' Haha! Please, feel free to show off your incredible talent to its fullest! The cameras hidden around the venue will capture your majestic, valiant form!
::'''Safi:''' Our set design draws inspiration from the dangerous Domains in adventurer legends. Who knows, it might even inspire you in combat!
:{{DIcon}} Have I met you before, Vihar?
::'''Vihar:''' I am truly honored that you still remember me.
::'''Vihar:''' In Sabzeruz Festivals past, I played a Carriage-less Knight of Flowers a few times, mostly handing out candies to the children.
::'''Vihar:''' Now, there's an eminently more suitable Knight of Flowers, and so I can play the role for which I am naturally suited, that of the Knight of Candies.
::'''Safi:''' I think it works out quite well. Kids really like the title, and the image of you passing out candy year after year has made a deep impression on everyone.
::'''Vihar:''' Then after the movie premieres, can I get a title like... the "Knight of Cinema" or something?
::'''Safi:''' You will be credited as the Director, and I as the Producer. It will be hard to say which of us will be the "Knight of Cinema."
:{{DIcon}} About the filming progress...
::'''Vihar:''' As you can see, we've only just begun.
::'''Vihar:''' As the thematic focus of the film is "battle," we have decided to film those scenes first, and then, based on what we can realistically achieve, decide on how we wish to express ourselves through the shots, lighting, color palette, style, and other elements...
::'''Vihar:''' Then, we'll use these to determine the details of the script, so that we can avoid... "that can't be done" and "we can't make the shot work" as much as possible.
::'''Safi:''' That's why we'll wait for the fight scenes to be filmed, edited, and post-processed before we film the rest. It will likely take quite some time.
::{{DIcon}} Now that's a clever approach!
::{{DIcon}} Now that's a very conservative approach!
::'''Safi:''' Not at all, it's just a trick I learned during my last study trip to Fontaine. We still have a lot of room for improvement!
:{{DIcon}} See you next time, then!
::'''Vihar:''' Take care! Please remember to make some time to finish filming some fight scenes... we simply cannot thank you enough!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Safi
|zhs     = 萨费伊
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 薩費伊
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = サフィ
|ja_rm   = 
|ko      = 샤피이
|es      = Safi
|fr      = Safi
|ru      = Сафий
|th      = Safi
|vi      = Safi
|de      = Safi
|id      = Safi
|pt      = Safi
|tr      = Safi
|it      = Safi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Safi]]