{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13038
|image         = Story Quest Sage of Sages.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lupus Aureus Chapter
|actNum        = II
|part          = 4
|act           = Oathkeeper
|character     = Cyno
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Bamoun; Cyno; Duaenre; Paimon; Sethos; Tighnari; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Land of Lower Setekh]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Footprints Sunken Beneath the Sands
|next          = The Dead Past is the Living Present
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Sage of Sages''''' is the fourth part of {{Quest|Oathkeeper}}.

==Steps==
# Wait until nighttime (20:00 &ndash; 24:00)
# Talk things over with your companions
# Talk to Sethos
# Talk to Cyno
# Wait until the next day (20:00 &ndash; 00:00)
# Go to the ceremonial hall
# Participate in the first bout {{Enemy List|1=Grounded Geoshroom{text="Guardian of the Temple of Silence"}; Grounded Hydroshroom{text="Guardian of the Temple of Silence"}|x=0}}
# Participate in the second bout {{Enemy List|1=Primal Construct: Reshaper{text="Guardian of the Temple of Silence"}; Primal Construct: Reshaper{text="Guardian of the Temple of Silence"}|x=0}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 7, the active party will be limited to a trial Dendro [[Traveler]].
* During step 8, the active party will be limited to a trial [[Tighnari]].

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Traveler (Dendro)

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 80
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Sapwood Blade
|weapon_level8           = 80
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Gladiator's Nostalgia
|artifact_feather8       = Gladiator's Destiny
|artifact_sands8         = Gladiator's Longing
|artifact_goblet8        = Gladiator's Intoxication
|artifact_circlet8       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Gladiator's Finale
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 25,883
|atk8                    = 2,308
|def8                    = 889
|em8                     = 0
|crit_rate8              = 5.0%
|crit_dmg8               = 50.0%
|er8                     = 127.9%
}}
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Tighnari

|character_level8        = 80
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Hunter's Path
|weapon_level8           = 80
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Troupe's Dawnlight
|artifact_feather8       = Bard's Arrow Feather
|artifact_sands8         = Concert's Final Hour
|artifact_goblet8        = Wanderer's String-Kettle
|artifact_circlet8       = Conductor's Top Hat
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Wanderer's Troupe
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 17,240
|atk8                    = 1,239
|def8                    = 671
|em8                     = 371
|crit_rate8              = 66.2%
|crit_dmg8               = 154.1%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sethos leads you into the ancient Temple of Silence. There, you learn why Cyrus went into the desert alone, and the origin of Cyno's power. Next, it's time to face the requirements of the Temple of Silence.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area after passing time)
:{{Black Screen|The group gathers again at the agreed time...}}
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I've taken some time to reflect on this... If I had to guess, Professor Cyrus came to the desert knowing that he would almost certainly never return.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' He's a stubborn man who tends to double down when he feels strongly about something. We won't get anywhere trying to convince him to escape.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I agree. My master, Naphis, says the same thing &mdash; once Cyrus makes up his mind about something, he won't listen to reason.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Mhm. So that's one thing. A few other things came to mind, too.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You've heard all you need to hear about the Temple of Silence, so on that, I don't have anything to add.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' My own memories of this place are hazy, though. Probably something to do with the overpowering presence of the Ba Fragments. That might explain why I suffered from constant headaches and fevers as a child.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I do remember having some fleeting moments of profound emotion, when vague images would appear in my mind. But I don't recall much, only bits and pieces.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I was still young, then, and all I could understand was that there was this strong will inside my mind. Thinking back on it now, I suppose it was Hermanubis's way of trying to encourage me, even if we couldn't communicate.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The power that came to inhabit my spirit was probably one of the cornerstones of their whole faith. So if the will and might of Hermanubis is a real and tangible thing, and they are its rightful worshipers, then...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're not gonna give in to their demands, are you? Surely there has to be another way?
:{{DIcon}} Don't make any rash decisions, Cyno.
:{{DIcon}} There must be another way!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' No, I have no intention of returning it. I need this power to protect Sumeru. But the Temple has the right to make the final decision over its fate, since it belongs to one of the Seven Pillars of King Deshret...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So I will challenge them head-on, and win the right to wield this power for myself, fair and square.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm, this reminds me of something Alhaitham mentioned to me just before we left. He said that the Temple of Silence was originally founded by the ruling elite of the day. Traditionally, such organizations are bound by a strict and ancient code of nobility.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Kaveh has made similar observations about the desert tribes from his work trips there. He says many of them have their own internal rules. They talk about the importance of never dishonoring their tribal bonds, or the rules laid down by their ancestors.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I think we could turn that to our advantage. Go back to them with a proposal of our own.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... And just like that, we've turned the tables on them!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Looks like we have the same idea.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Turn it back on them now, while we still can, in terms that they cannot refuse. That's how we win this.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds good to me.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 1 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Great. And I know just how to start the conversation. Let's go find Sethos. We'll tell him that I know a thing or two about medicine, and would like to take a look at his grandfather's condition.
----
;(Talk to Sethos)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sethos. Let's talk.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Have you made up your mind?
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We'll get to that. But first &mdash; I have some degree of medical training, so I was wondering if you might let me take a look at your grandfather?
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I have no objections, although we do have our own doctors here. I doubt you'll be able to tell us anything we don't already know.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Only one way to find out.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Follow me.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 04.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Keep your voices down. We don't want to disturb him.
:{{Black Screen|Tighnari takes out his medical kit and performs a basic medical exam for Bamoun.}}
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's talk outside.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Bamoun has fallen into a deep coma, and his prognosis is quite grave. I am sure that your physicians have come to the same conclusion.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' He appears to have sustained a serious injury in his youth, which has been exacerbated over the years by the heavy burden of work, and now by the effects of old age...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Regretfully, I must inform you that... based on what I've seen with patients in a similar condition, he doesn't have long left. A few days at most.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 05.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...Yeah, I've known for a long time.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You're his heir, aren't you? You clearly have a lot of respect for the man. But you also see things differently. You have a broader range of concerns, and a more pragmatic approach.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So tell me how we can end this on your terms. Let's find a way to bring all this to a resolution while Bamoun is still alive to see it &mdash; that's what really matters to you, I know it.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. There's no time to waste here. You know that better than anyone.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 06.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You know, the two of you are actually in a very similar predicament right now. Both of you have a very different perspective from the men who raised you.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right. And you didn't create this situation &mdash; they did, but somehow, you've ended up having to make the tough decisions...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 07.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...You're right. We both look at this problem very differently than the people we inherited it from.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 08.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I accept, Cyno. This all began because of Hermanubis, so let's end it with a rite he himself created.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 09.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Legend has it that when Hermanubis first arrived in Tulaytullah, he sparred with the city's residents. He and his two companions proved their mettle by fighting over several days, winning the support of many fine people.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 10.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' That group of supporters were some of the first members of the Temple of Silence, and the sparring matches were enshrined as one of our founding rites... The Rite of Duels. It's where it all began.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sounds very fitting. I'm in.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 11.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' As a fellow vessel of Hermanubis, your ties to the Temple of Silence run deep. So I will permit you to participate in this rite, along with your chosen companions.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Three against three. Sounds good.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 12.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' However, I have some additional terms. As the challengers, you must win all three of your fights to win. And Cyno... both of us must put our Ba Fragment on the line. The winner takes them both.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 13.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Letting Cyrus leave with one of the Ba Fragments was a mistake, made by my grandfather out of pity. It is a longstanding issue that must be addressed for the Temple of Silence to move forward. I can make no concessions on that front.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' None needed. We're on the same page.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If I win, the Temple of Silence must release Cyrus, and consider this past dispute resolved.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If you win, I'll return my power to you.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 2 sethos 14.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' It's a deal. Then let's meet at the ceremonial hall tomorrow evening, eight o'clock.

;(Talk to Sethos, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq104 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I'm really looking forward to this Rite of Duels. It'll be one for the ages. 
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq104 sethos 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Not just for the sake of the Ba Fragments, but for many other people as well. 
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq104 sethos 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Grandfather...

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Sethos, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq104 sethos 04.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' (...Grandfather, you have to hold on.)

;(Talk to Cyno)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, after how that went, there's definitely no turning back now.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' There never was. Turning back hasn't been an option for me since the moment the professor slipped away to return to the desert.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You have to win. You need this power &mdash; both as General Mahamatra and for yourself.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right! Besides, it's stayed with you ever since you were a small child. Surely that's a sign it thinks of you as its rightful owner.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Both as General Mahamatra, and for myself...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yeah, when you put it that way... I've had to overcome a lot to tame this power and claim it for myself. Not everyone could have done that.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly!
:{{DIcon}} Let's not get sidetracked. We gotta focus on winning!
:{{DIcon}} We'll help you see this through.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' {{Traveler}} and I will never lose.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' And neither shall I.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The desert was home to an ancient and great civilization that for a variety of reasons, fell out with the civilization of the rainforest. It's just as Dehya said &mdash; prejudices pushed people apart.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' But there must be personal factors at work here, too. I can't shake the feeling that Bamoun cares for many more things than he lets on, and I don't think that Sethos is any kind of villain. He's just doing what he thinks is best.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 3 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Tomorrow, everything will be resolved.

;(Enter the ceremonial hall after passing time)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 duaenre 01.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' We gather on this day to perform once more the Rite of Duels, with the greatest of all sages, Lord Hermanubis as our witness, for his power and authority is present in our midst.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 duaenre 02.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' This is our most sacred of ceremonies, and no disruption from the audience shall be tolerated. It is incumbent upon all to observe the duel with the utmost respect and reverence throughout the proceedings.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 duaenre 03.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' Representing the Temple of Silence: The defenders.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Grandfather, you're here.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 bamoun 01.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' *cough* ...A Rite of Duels, after all these years... I am surprised by your decision, Sethos.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 sethos 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I know what I'm doing, Grandfather. Just leave it to me.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 duaenre 04.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' Representing the Akademiya: The challengers.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Ready. We will fight to have our voices heard.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 duaenre 05.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' Warriors, take your positions and decide on the order of battle.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 duaenre 06.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' We come not to debate what brings our challengers here, nor what will become of the defeated duelists. Duelists, the might of Hermanubis himself is at stake here. Now, fight, fight until the rightful victor is proclaimed!
:{{DIcon}} I'll go first.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Are you sure?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure. We want to keep our morale up.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 tighnari 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo cnlq104 4 tighnari 01b.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I agree. {{Traveler}} is very strong. Sending {{MC|m=him|f=her}} out first will definitely intimidate the opposing side.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Okay, then you're second.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Sure.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' We have decided.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 4 sethos 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' So have we. Let's begin.

:{{A|vo cnlq104 5 duaenre 01.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' Duelists of the first bout, please step forward.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.

;(While fighting the enemies)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't forget, safety first!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 5 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo cnlq104 5 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you there! You better play nice with {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, or Paimon will make you regret it!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 5 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Little bit too much chatter from the audience over there.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heyyy!

;(After completing the first bout)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 duaenre 01.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' A swift end to the first bout. I now invite the duelists of the second bout to please step forward.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 duaenre 02.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' When you're both ready, you may begin.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's begin.

;(While fighting the enemies)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Watch out!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Go, Tighnari, go!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' He drank plenty of water before the bout, so he should be fine...

;(After completing the second bout)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 duaenre 03.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' Thus ends the second bout. We will now move to the third bout. Duelists, please step forward.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'm ready.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' So am I.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 duaenre 04.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' This is the final stage of the rite. I remind you both that the terms you agreed upon in advance are binding.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 duaenre 05.ogg}} '''Duaenre:''' When you're both ready, you may begin.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I am Sethos, vessel of Hermanubis, grandson of Bamoun, the leader of the Temple of Silence.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 04.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' For many years, we have kept our covenant with Lord Hermanubis by guarding the secrets of King Deshret. And even in our darkest hour, when we could not see a way forward, we chose not to abandon hope, but to embark on a brave new experiment so that we might prevail.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 05.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' We earnestly sought Lord Hermanubis's wisdom and power, longing to see his spirit and his light descend upon us.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 06.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Now, I will fight to become the rightful wielder of that power!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I am Cyno, General Mahamatra of the Akademiya, student and successor of Cyrus, the sage of Spantamad. I fight in defense of my power, my professor, and my nation.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' And you? I think you left some things unsaid. This is a sacred duel, and Hermanubis is watching. So bare your soul.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 07.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 08.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' (Everyone... old and young, fit and frail, they're all waiting to see how this duel will end.)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 09.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' My grandfather is a wise leader. He is also known to be a ruler who is not afraid to get blood on his hands. I understand his beliefs well, and I know what he expects of me.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 10.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' But our faith has held us back for too long. After I grew up, I went to the rainforest once, and I saw for myself the people of the city.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 11.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Times have changed. The people of Sumeru are happier and more free now than in the past. I thought about this as I stood at one of the tallest points in the city, gazing down at the streets below.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 12.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Then I thought of you, Cyno. You and I both wield the same power, yet the lives we lead could not be more different.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 13.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Each Ba Fragment of Hermanubis stands for something different &mdash; might, glory... or one of many other secrets that have yet to be revealed.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 14.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I once thought that the nature of our fragments must be what makes us so different from one other. But... maybe, it's that you've found your answer, and I am still searching for mine.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I am more than just a warrior. I am my own person.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Exactly.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 15.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 16.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' The name "Hermanubis" has left its mark on both of us, shaped the course of our lives. We are his vessels, and yet we are more besides.
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 17.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' So show me your answer, Cyno. Show me I can be more than my faith, more than the power I wield... Show me the person I can become!
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 18.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Bring it on!

;(A Cinematic plays)
::{{Color|menu|Cyno and Sethos engage in a fair and fierce duel witnessed by Hermanubis. Cyno emerges victorious.}}
::{{Color|menu|As agreed, Sethos hands his Ba Fragment over to Cyno. When the latter receives it, his body begins to give off a startling radiance.}}
::{{Color|menu|Bamoun, whose life gutters like a moribund candle, is greatly moved at this sight, as one who has witnessed a miracle. Ancient memories come to his mind, of Hermanubis, of the desert of bygone eras, and many things involving the Temple of Silence...}}
::'''Cyno:''' That's all you've got?
::'''Cyno:''' What happened to searching for your answer?
:;(Cyno and Sethos have an intense fight; first using the power of Hermanbis then switching to their respective staffs)
::'''Cyno:''' Fight's over
::'''Cyno:''' Do you yield?
::'''Sethos:''' You won
::'''Cyno:''' Well then, looks like you found your answer
:;(Sethos extracts his Ba Fragment and sends it to Cyno)
::'''Sethos:''' I give his glory to you
:;(Cyno accepts, emanating the room with a blinding light)
::'''Bamoun:''' I've seen that light...
::'''Bamoun:''' That is the light of our Lord... The great Hermanubis, priest over all other priests
::'''Bamoun:''' His spirit dwells within that lightning, and his will lives on
::'''Bamoun:''' Once a warrior of Tighnar, he emerged from the barren desert sands
::'''Bamoun:''' To serve the God King, Al-Ahmar
::'''Bamoun:''' After the death of the God King, Hermanubis gathered his followers
::'''Bamoun:''' And the [[Tighnarian]] priests
::'''Bamoun:''' And led them to the city of Tulaytullah
::'''Bamoun:''' There, they founded the Temple of Silence. And from that day forth
::'''Bamoun:''' We became stewards of all knowledge
::'''Bamoun:''' That survived from King Deshret's civilization
::'''Bamoun:''' Barely a century passed before war ravaged the desert
::'''Bamoun:''' One by one, Eremite leaders took up arms against each other in battles
::'''Bamoun:''' That would devour what little remained of their civilization
::'''Bamoun:''' Only the wise city of Tulaytullah
::'''Bamoun:''' Was spared under the guiding hand of the Tighnarians
::'''Bamoun:''' But peace did not last
::'''Bamoun:''' Coveting the knowledge of King Deshret, the beasts set their eyes on Tulaytullah
::'''Bamoun:''' The king of Gurabad laid siege to the city
::'''Bamoun:''' And ordered the sages to surrender to him the Temple of Silence, as proof of his victory
::'''Bamoun:''' The ruling elite colluded with their oppressors
::'''Bamoun:''' Betraying the Temple so as to hold onto their rule over the city
::'''Bamoun:''' They declared that the knowledge guarded by the Temple was the true cause of corruption
::'''Bamoun:''' These were dark days, and we faced enemies on all sides
::'''Bamoun:''' Our Lord had long since exhausted his strength
::'''Bamoun:''' Keeping the forbidden knowledge introduced by King Deshret at bay
::'''Bamoun:''' To ensure the Temple's continued survival
::'''Bamoun:''' He broke his being into many pieces
::'''Bamoun:''' And began the ceremony of Hermanubis's legacy
::'''Bamoun:''' Bestowing his power upon his mortal followers
::'''Bamoun:''' With this power
::'''Bamoun:''' The Temple was able to defeat the tyrant's army
::'''Bamoun:''' Yet we were not hailed as heroes
::'''Bamoun:''' Strange and unfamiliar as this power was
::'''Bamoun:''' It struck fear into the people's hearts, and drove them to reject us
::'''Bamoun:''' In the end, the people of the Temple and the Tulaytullah Tighnarians
::'''Bamoun:''' Left the city for good, and made their way to the rainforest
::'''Bamoun:''' What followed next was inevitable
::'''Bamoun:''' The elite of Tulaytullah fell and were decimated
::'''Bamoun:''' War engulfed the desert...
::'''Bamoun:''' And we wandered from place to place, always in hiding
::'''Bamoun:''' All the while keeping close watch over our secrets
::'''Bamoun:''' And staying true to our mission
::'''Bamoun:''' Betrayal forced us out of the desert and into the forest
::'''Bamoun:''' Then mistrust drove us from the forest, into the desert once more
::'''Bamoun:''' We have lived in exile for far, far too long...
::'''Bamoun:''' Yet today, the Temple of Silence has borne witness to the glory of Hermanubis once more
::'''Bamoun:''' ...Thank you
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How is it? Do you feel okay?
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq104 6 sethos 19.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Sage of Sages
|zhs      = 众贤之贤
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 眾賢之賢
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 賢者の中の賢者
|ja_rm    = Kenja no Naka no Kenja
|ja_tl    = The Sage Among the Sages
|ko       = 현자들의 현자
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El sabio entre los sabios
|es_tl    = The Sage Among the Sages
|fr       = Sage des sages
|fr_tl    = Sage of Sages
|ru       = Мудрец мудрецов
|ru_tl    = Sage of Sages
|th       = ปราชญ์แห่งหมู่ปราชญ์
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Hiền Giả Trong Các Hiền Giả
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein Weiser unter den Weisen
|de_tl    = A Sage Among the Sages
|id       = Sage Segala Sage
|id_tl    = Sage of Sages
|pt       = O Sábio dos Sábios
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bilgelerin Bilgesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Saggio dei Saggi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[es:El sabio entre los sabios]]
[[vi:Hiền Giả Trong Các Hiền Giả]]