{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Sakkuk.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|title            = "Peace-Reforger"
|title2           = Chief of the Children of Echoes
|titleRef2        = <ref name="Moment of Attainment">{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Attainment}}</ref>
|ancestry         = Nanatzcayan
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|fatherNote3      = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
{{Quote|"Must my life wither like fresh flowers?"<br>"When all is quiet chaos, whither will my heart go?"<br>"None stay forever in this world, we but briefly pass through."<br>"But here, there were once flowers &mdash; here, there was once song."|Sakkuk<ref name="peak">{{Ref/Weapon|Peak Patrol Song}}</ref>}}
'''Sakkuk''' was a historical figure in [[Natlan]] from the [[Children of Echoes]]. She was the first hero to join the [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth]] in his quest to defeat the insane king [[Och-Kan]], and was the last one left after the casualties of the war and the youth's return to the [[Sacred Flame]].<ref name="Crownless">{{Ref/Arti|Crownless Crown}}</ref> She bore the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name|BRK|'''Baraka'''|bearer=1}}.

==Profile==
Sakkuk was the first to join the scarlet-eyed youth, followed by the twin heroes [[Atawallpa]] and [[Waskar]], then [[Yupanqui]], and finally the [[Masterful Craftsman]].<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Dark Fruit of Bright Flowers}}</ref> Despite considering herself the weakest of them, Sakkuk was the last surviving hero after the war's end. In her old age, she collected jewelry that had been created by the Craftsman. She eventually "walked into the dark night, never to return," presumably dying of old age.<ref name="Crownless"/>

Sakkuk was infatuated with the scarlet-eyed youth<ref name="Crownless" /> and was herself the object of the Craftsman's affections, although he could tell during their first meeting that she was smitten with someone else and chose not to express his feelings.<ref name="Faded Emerald Tail">{{Ref/Arti|Faded Emerald Tail}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Sakkuk is described as a young girl during the heroes' era. In her old age, she enjoyed wearing ornate jewelry designed by the Craftsman.

==Story==
Sakkuk was born to the Nanatzcayan tribe. Her father, a well-respected man among the [[Natlan Tribes|six tribes]], was executed for trying to protect the tribe's [[Saurian]]s, leading her to nurse a hatred against the insane king. The [[Faded Emerald Tail]] was a memento of his, created by the Masterful Craftsman to resemble an emerald quetzal's tail.<ref name="Faded Emerald Tail" />

After the heroes joined the scarlet-eyed youth, Yupanqui recommended the Craftsman as someone who had in-depth knowledge of the city and would be able to help them in their rebellion.<ref name="Faded Emerald Tail" /> Under the youth's orders, Sakkuk sought out the Craftsman, eventually finding him in a dilapidated alley, his face badly scarred from a fire which he narrowly escaped. Seeing that she shared his hatred of Och-Kan, he immediately agreed to join her cause.<ref name="Faded Emerald Tail" />

When it came time for the rebellion, Sakkuk acted on behalf of the tribes' leaders' and "sent the wandering spirits back to the realm of the night."<ref name="Moment of Attainment"/> At some point, she promised to make a certain someone &mdash; likely the Craftsman &mdash; a [[Crownless Crown|turquoise crown]] for them in return for remaking the Emerald Tail. However, he was slain by a "black beast" before the end of the war. Yupanqui and Waskar also died in battle, while Atawallpa died of undisclosed reasons. The youth returned to the "sacred flames" after completing his calling, leaving Sakkuk as the only survivor.<ref name="Crownless" />

To remember her old, long-gone friends in her old age, Sakkuk began collecting mementos of them. The six tribes learned that she collected luxurious jewelry created by the Masterful Craftsman, and that she was offering a large reward for any who brought them to her. Though many tried to give her forgeries and she ostensibly accepted them, she punished such people for their deeds in secret. She also honored them by visiting their resting place in [[Tequemecan Valley]] every year, offering dew-kissed flowers in remembrance.<ref name="peak"/> Towards the end of her life, she took the genuine articles with her and disappeared into the night. According to legend, she left behind the turquoise crown at a tree with instructions for the tribes to destroy anything with the Masterful Craftsman's name, which they swore to fulfill.<ref name="Crownless" /><!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Sakkuk is named after the {{w|Maya peoples|Mayan}} queen {{w|Sak K'uk'}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Sakkuk
|zhs      = 萨库科
|zhs_rm   = Sàkùkē
|zht      = 薩庫科
|zht_rm   = Sàkùkē
|ja       = サックカ
|ko       = 사쿠크
|es       = Sakkuk
|fr       = Sakkuk
|ru       = Саккук
|th       = Sakkuk
|vi       = Sakkuk
|de       = Sakkuk
|id       = Sakkuk
|pt       = Sakkuk
|tr       = Sakkuk
|it       = Sakkuk
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Sakkuk]]
[[vi:Sakkuk]]