{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
|region       = Inazuma
}}
The {{Lang|'''Sakoku Decree'''|ja=鎖国令|ja_rm=Sakoku-rei}}<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/cE7RW9htzQU Version 1.6 Special Program]</ref> was an order issued by [[Ei]]'s puppet, [[the Shogun]], to shut down the borders of [[Inazuma]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref>

People who want to leave or enter Inazuma legally must pass the strict assessments conducted by the [[Kanjou Commission]] to obtain permission. Those who are not Inazuman cannot leave [[Ritou]] without a [[Travel Permit]] as a result. However, such restrictions did not initially apply to the [[Fatui]] and [[Snezhnaya]]n merchants due to their diplomatic ties.

The [[Tenryou Commission]] also enforces the Sakoku Decree.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Together Under the Fireworks}}</ref>

To enforce the Sakoku Decree, the Shogun surrounded Inazuma with storms, resulting in very few ships being able or willing to navigate them and harming Inazuma's economy. These storms are encountered in-game as [[A Nation Closed by Thunder]], and they prevent players from entering Inazuma before the {{Quest|Setting Sail}}, as well as traveling to and from Inazuma without teleportation, such as with [[Teleport Waypoints]].

When the Vision Hunt Decree was abolished, the Sakoku Decree had not immediately followed suit.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Traveler|nation=Inazuma|About the Sakoku Decree}}</ref> However, the restrictions placed upon foreigners were relaxed and the decree was expected to be lifted soon after. After her duel against the Shogun in {{Quest|Transient Dreams|showType=0}}, Ei abolishes the Sakoku Decree, resulting in an influx of visitors and foreign trade returning to normal.

==Trivia==
* {{Lang|"Sakoku"|ja=鎖国}} means "the locking up of a country" in Japanese, and has been translated as "closed" or "state of lockdown."
* The name of this decree is a reference to {{w|Sakoku}} and the Sakoku Edicts of Japan, put into action during the rule of the Tokugawa Shogunate, until the Boshin War and the Meiji Restoration upon orders of Western powers to open their gates to Japanese territory, as the Dutch were only allowed at that time, but only in the port of Dejima, modern day Nagasaki.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Sakoku Decree
|zhs      = 锁国令
|zhs_rm   = Suǒguó-lìng
|zht      = 鎖國令
|zht_rm   = Suǒguó-lìng
|zh_tl    = Country-Locking Decree{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja       = 鎖国令
|ja_rm    = Sakoku-rei<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Setting Sail|note=Japanese Voice-Overs}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Country-Locking Decree
|ko       = 쇄국령
|ko_rm    = Swaeguk-ryeong
|ko_tl    = Country-Locking Decree{{Sino|ko|ja}}
|es       = Decreto de cierre de fronteras
|es_tl    = Border Closure Decree
|fr       = Décret de confinement
|fr_tl    = Confinement Decree
|ru       = Указ Сакоку
|ru_tl    = Sakoku Decree
|th       = กฎ Sakoku
|th_rm    = Kot Sakoku
|th_tl    = Sakoku Rule
|vi       = {{tt|Lệnh|令}} {{tt|Bế Quan Tỏa Cảng|闭关锁港}}
|vi_tl    = Country-Locking Decree
|vi_note  = Derived from the Chinese idiom {{zh|闭关锁港|rm=bìguānsuǒgǎng|tl=country-locking|lit=to cut off a country from the outside world.}}
|de       = Sakoku-Dekret
|de_tl    = Sakoku Decree
|id       = Dekrit Sakoku
|id_tl    = Sakoku Decree
|pt       = Decreto Sakoku
|pt_tl    = Sakoku Decree
|tr       = Sakoku Fermanı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Decreto Sakoku
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|world}}

[[es:Decreto de cierre de fronteras]]
[[ja:鎖国令]]
[[pt-br:Decreto Sakoku]]
[[vi:Lệnh Bế Quan Tỏa Cảng]]