{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Historia Antiqua Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Historia Antiqua Chapter
|actNum         = I
|next           = No Mere Stone
|character      = Zhongli
|ARReq          = 40
|keyReq         = 1
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]]
}}
'''Sal Flore''' is the first act of [[Zhongli]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Historia Antiqua Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs a [[Story Key]], must have completed [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] helps Zhongli assists the two self-proclaimed archeologists in uncovering the true history of [[Havria]], the God of Salt.

==List of Quests==
#[[Shadow of Yore]]
#[[Vortex's Wake]]
#[[A Ruin Under Lock and Key]]
#[[Farewell, Sweet Salt]]
#[[A Record of All Things]]

==Summary==
===Shadow of Yore===
Arriving to the [[Pearl Galley]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] run into [[Zhongli]] and several Liyue archaeologists discussing about the origins and whereabouts of the first [[Mora]]. While listening in on Zhongli's request, a [[Fatui|Fatuus]] named [[Kliment]] comes in. The Traveler and Paimon are naturally on high alert due to their mistrust of the Fatui, but Kliment claims that he is not like the others and that he has registered with the Ministry of Civil Affairs. He also reveals that he hired Zhongli as a consultant for his research, with another archaeologist, [[Wanyan]], joining in. Zhongli asks the Traveler to accompany him, much to Kilment's annoyance as he refuses to let them come, but the Fatui archaeologist quickly rescinds when Zhongli tells him that they can easily find treasure.

===Vortex's Wake===
Arriving at the [[Guyun Stone Forest]], Kliment doubts they can find anything of importance, but Zhongli tells him that the place is perfect for learning about ancient gods, since he had sealed them there as Rex Lapis. Zhongli accompanies the Traveler while Wanyan and Kliment go on their own paths. On the way, the Traveler finds a few unnoteworthy treasures, but soon find [[Hydro Mimics]] near a tablet. Defeating the monsters, Zhongli notes that the tablet has traces of divine power on it. They then return to the other two, who are arguing over each other's supposed lack of experience. Zhongli notes that they found a teacup and recognizes it as [[Ningguang]]'s, advising Kliment not to sell it lest he get the wrath of the [[Liyue Qixing]]. Despite their arguing, Kliment chooses to head to [[Sal Terrae]] to search for more treasure.

===A Ruin Under Lock and Key===
Arriving at Sal Terrae, Kliment learns from Zhongli that the area did have many treasures, but were most likely pilfered off by [[Treasure Hoarders]], much to his disgust. Wanyan states that she knows of a ruin in the area, but it is sealed and she has no idea how to open it, despite having found a mechanism. Zhongli states that there is more than one mechanism. They find another one nearby with several [[Electro]] [[Elemental Monument]]s nearby. Wanyan remembers that in her last visit here, she had an Electro [[Vision]] user accompany her, but nothing had happened.

Zhongli tells her that the monuments had to be activated in a specific order and recites a short puzzle. The Traveler manages to activate the monuments, which in turn activates the mechanism and unseals the ruins.

Before exploring the newly opened cavern, Zhongli, not wanting to see the pointless arguing he had seen earlier, gets the two into a contract in which they can claim one item from the ruins, with the next item being given to the other, and that he would leave them if they broke it. Kliment reluctantly agrees to it, while Wanyan counters back by telling him to judge the God of Salt's fate if they find the truth even if it hurts Morax's image, which he agrees to.

===Farewell, Sweet Salt===
With a contract made, they make their way inside, first discovering a chalice which Kliment immediately claims when Zhongli tells him that it will never run out of salt. Continuing on, they soon find a ruler which automatically belongs to Wanyan per the contract. Zhongli states that the ruler can make an endless bumper harvest of salt based on how deep it is. The greed-driven Kliment then breaks the contract. Zhongli easily defeats Kliment and confiscates the chalice, warning him to never return. He then focuses on Wanyan and states that neither Kliment or her came for archaeology, as she is unable to perform the basics, yet when it comes to the God of Salt, she knows everything about her.

Wanyan concedes and reveals herself to be one of the God of Salt's followers and that she wanted to find evidence to prove that Morax was evil and killed the God of Salt. Proceeding further into the ruins, they come across a broken sword. Zhongli states that she can only claim one half of it, much to her disbelief as she believed that it was nulled when Kliment broke it. Refusing to give up, Wanyan decides to break the contract, so Zhongli punishes her by telling the truth; the sword before them was the weapon used to murder Havria.

Baffled and enraged at this thought, Wanyan runs further into the temple, with the three in close pursuit. Arriving in an open chamber, they find more salinzed statues, including one in a pose that the Traveler recognizes as the killer. Zhongli states that when Havria was betrayed by her followers, her powers were still too much for them to handle, resulting in many of them becoming salinzed; those who were able to escape fled to Liyue and into Morax's care. Fearful of Havria's wrath, they returned to the temple to break the sword, hoping that she would forgive them. But as Havria was such a benevolent god, it was a fruitless act. Wanyan still refuses to accept the truth and leaves the ruins. Zhongli confiscates the salt ruler in the process.

Zhongli then tells the Traveler to meet him at Guyun Stone Forest once more for reasons unknown.

===A Record of All Things===
Returning to the forest, the Traveler finds Zhongli waiting for them at the highest peak. As Rex Lapis, he had written history with his own hands, but the incident that just occurred made him realize that he had to find another way to keep the truth. He reveals that he had the Traveler come along because they had traveled numerous worlds, and as such, would be able to retain Teyvat's history should something destroy the world. He then proceeds to throw Havria's relics into the sea to resign them to their fate. With the trip concluded, Zhongli tells the Traveler that they are welcome to assist him when he wishes to preserve Liyue's past.

==Trivia==
*This is the first Story Quest Chapter name that did not derive from the character's Constellation, which is actually [[Lapis Dei]].

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Sal Flore|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sal Flore
|zhs     = 盐花
|zhs_rm  = Yán Huā
|zht     = 鹽花
|zht_rm  = Yán Huā
|zh_tl   = Salt Flower
|ja      = 塩の花
|ja_rm   = Shio no Hana
|ja_tl   = Flower of Salt
|ko      = 소금꽃
|ko_rm   = Sogeum-kkot
|ko_tl   = Salt Flower
|es      = Sal Flore
|fr      = Sal Flore
|ru      = Соляной цветок
|ru_tl   = Salt Flower
|th      = บทแห่งดอกเกลือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Chapter of The Salt Flower
|th_note = The word "บทแห่ง" is the same word used in the name of other Story Quest chapters.
|vi      = Hoa Muối
|vi_tl   = Salt Flower
|de      = Sal Flore
|id      = Sal Flore
|pt      = Flor de Sal
|pt_tl   = Salt Flower
|tr      = Tuz Çiçeği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sal Flore
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[de:Sal Flore]]
[[es:Sal Flore]]
[[ja:塩の花]]
[[ru:Соляной цветок]]