{{Terminology Infobox
|image     = Viewpoint Thamud Oasis.png
|type      = Lore
|type2     = Ancient Civilizations
|region    = Sumeru
|subregion = Great Red Sand
|area      = Land of Lower Setekh
}}
'''Saleh''', the Electrum City of Warriors and the City of the Thamudians, was an ancient city-state in the [[Land of Lower Setekh]], [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]]. It rose after the fall of [[King Deshret]]'s civilization and after the initial fall of [[Gurabad]], Saleh became known as one of the Cities of the Seven Towers.

Saleh was located around [[Thamud Oasis]].<ref name="Thamud Oasis">{{Ref/VP|Thamud Oasis}}</ref>

==History==
The city of Saleh was home to a group known as the Thamudians, who were known for their golden eyes.<ref name="Thamud Oasis" />

Saleh was originally ruled by a {{w|Khaganate}}, of which Turan is the first named Khagan to appear in historical records.<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)|Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)]]</ref> Turan became a minister for Shah Ramshahr, the king of kings in their era. After Ramshahr's death, his young son Artaxir took the throne but later died, with Turan accused of his death in an inscription. Turan became regent and ruled over the region, only for him and his three sons to all be later executed. Turan's successor, King Humayun of [[Tulaytullah]], was later decapitated himself at Saleh during an event known as the Jinn Uprising.<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret (Beneath)|Mausoleum of King Deshret (Beneath)]]</ref>

After several generations, Saleh fell under [[Badanah]]'s rule. Badanah was assassinated by [[Faramarz]] and [[Makhaira]], and after several power shifts and Faramarz's third ascension to the throne, the people of Saleh attempted to rebel "again" (suggesting that they had previously rebelled at some point) and tried to establish a new Khagan. They were appeased by Makhaira.<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Khaj-Nisut|Khaj-Nisut]]</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* In the {{w|Quran}}, {{lang|{{w|Salih|Saleh}}|ar=صَالِحٌ|ar_rm=Ṣāliḥ}} was an Arab prophet who prophesied to the tribe of {{w|Thamud}}, which was historically located in the northwestern Arabian peninsula. According to the Quran, the people of Thamud rejected Saleh's prophecies and were destroyed by God for their attempts to kill him.
* {{w|Electrum}} is a naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver which is known for its usage in pyramids and obelisks during the {{w|Old Kingdom of Egypt}}. It was also historically used as a coinage metal. Electrum's color is typically described as "white gold" or "pale gold."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Saleh
|zhs     = 萨勒赫
|zhs_rm  = Sàlèhè
|zht     = 薩勒赫
|zht_rm  = Sàlèhè
|ja      = サレハ
|ja_rm   = Sareha
|ko      = 살레
|es      = Saleh
|fr      = Saleh
|ru      = Салех
|th      = Saleh
|vi      = Saleh
|de      = Saleh
|id      = Saleh
|pt      = Saleh
|tr      = Saleh
|it      = Saleh
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Civilization}}

[[vi:Saleh]]