{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Salsa.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation       = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Salsa''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste (Belleau Region)}}.

==Profile==
Salsa is the daughter of currently unknown parents who work at the [[Fontaine Research Institute]]. As her parents are very busy, she is often left alone and is told to study and finish her homework, which she apparently despises. She secretly sneaks out of home to head out into Fontaine's wilderness in order to get inspiration to become Fontaine's next great artist.

During the events of her World Quests, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] stumble upon several oddly placed puzzles across the [[Court of Fontaine Region|Court of Fontaine]], [[Beryl Region|Beryl]] and [[Belleau Region]]s and solve them, prompting her to appear. Salsa is disturbed by these puzzles, referring to them as "traps" set by the [[Adventurers' Guild]] (which she considers to be an evil organization); while initially scared that the Traveler and Paimon are part of the evil organization, she warms up to them when they offer to help fix the "traps" by rearranging them to better suit the natural landscape. After the fifth instance, Salsa decides to form the "Alliance of Artists to Overthrow the Evil Organization and Protect the Future of Fontaine," having the Traveler and Paimon serve as her first and second member respectively.

During her third encounter with the Traveler and Paimon, Salsa tells them she believes herself to have {{w|Obsessive-compulsive disorder|Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder}} (OCD), which she has read about in books. Her distress at seeing the poorly-arranged puzzles could be an obsession with "order" or the "correct" placement of objects, compelling her to "fix" them to relive her intrusive worries.

At the conclusion of the quest series, the Traveler and Paimon come upon several oddly placed [[Elemental Monument]]s. They rearrange them along Salsa's aesthetic guidelines but are stopped by [[Ubu]], an adventurer and self-proclaimed "installation artist" who has been creating the puzzles as a form of modern art. Salsa arrives and declares that she doesn't recognize the installations as art, arguing with Ubu that he can't be called an artist if nobody appreciates his work. Ubu stumbles off angrily when the Traveler and Paimon side against him, leading Salsa to reaffirm her commitment to stopping this "enemy."

===Appearance===
Salsa is light-skinned young girl with long blonde and purple eyes.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
--><!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Salsa
|zhs     = 萨莎
|zhs_rm  = Sàshā
|zht     = 薩莎
|zht_rm  = Sàshā
|ja      = サルサ
|ja_rm   = Sarusa
|ko      = 사샤
|es      = Sacha
|fr      = Salsa
|ru      = Сальса
|th      = Salsa
|vi      = Salsa
|de      = Salsa
|id      = Salsa
|pt      = Sacha
|tr      = Salsa
|it      = Salsa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Salsa]]