{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19105
|image         = Hangout Event Samachurl Herbal Soup.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Diona
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Cat and the Cocktail
|startLocation = [[Dadaupa Gorge]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Dadaupa Gorge
|requirement   = [[The Cat and the Cocktail]]
|prev          = The Shadow Over Dadaupa
|otherRewards  = 
* "I... Only Had... a Little..." Ending
|characters    = Allan; Diona; Draff; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Samachurl Herbal Soup''''' is a quest in the second branch of {{Quest|The Cat and the Cocktail}}.

==Steps==
# Find the "samachurl herbal soup". Proceed to [[Samachurl Herbal Soup#A Sobering Affair|A Sobering Affair]]
# Talk to Diona
# Talk to [[Allan]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|According to Diona, the herbal soup made by samachurls can possibly be used to make an antidote to alcohol.}}
===A Sobering Affair===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Oh, you're back. Did you get the herbal soup?
:{{DIcon}} Got it right here.
:{{DIcon}} Can you really use this to make him sober up?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Of course, I'll be using some other ingredients that counter intoxication as well. The herbal soup was meant to energize hilichurls, so I'm pretty sure it'll work on my old man, too.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' However, I'm not going to mix the concoction myself, otherwise even that will turn out delicious.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' The concoction needs to be as potent as possible... Hey! Maybe you can mix it while I guide you!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' It's quite simple, just be sure to mix the ingredients evenly.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' The stronger it is, the more effective it will be.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Let's get started mixing so we can sober him up.
:{{Black Screen|''You mix the potent concoction under Diona's guidance...''}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *cough* Huh, you used up all the herbal soup, right?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Okay, this should be... *cough* This should be enough... just keep it away from me! Oof, my nose can't take it!
:{{DIcon}} (What a horrible smell...)
:{{DIcon}} (Is this really drinkable...?)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hehe, bring it to my foolish father and have him drink it. Ooh, on second thought... just a good whiff should do the job!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Now where's that *hic* hilihound...? C'mon now... here hili-hili-hili... *hic* Hehehe...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' What is it? A drink, huh? Hehe... is it alcohol!? Perfect... if I just *hic* have a little more, that hilihog won't ever outrun me... hehe...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *sniff* *sniff*
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 04.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Ugh! What... is that...?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 05.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *blagggh* *blagggh*
:{{Black Screen|''Draff wrenches over violently. It seems all the alcohol he drank has gone to waste...''}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 06.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Oh... What... What is that!? Please, just &mdash; just get it away from me! My head is spinning...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 12.ogg}} '''Diona:''' So? Are you sober now?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 07.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Diona? Wh&mdash;What are you doing here? Huh...?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 08.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Actually, what am I doing here? Ugh, I can't remember a thing, and that smell is so horrid that I can't even think straight!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 13.ogg}} '''Diona:''' You drank too much and ran off here by yourself. Now that you've sobered up, let's get back to the entrance of the valley. Allan's waiting for us there.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 14.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Uhhh... just leave that concoction here... I don't ever want to smell it again, phew! Besides, I doubt it can be used to make any drinks.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 15.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...But it does prove that the samachurls' herbal soup is potentially the best ingredient for making the worst possible drink!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 09.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Allan... Oh! I remember now, I was here to hunt.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 10.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Wait, th&mdash;that can't be right, there's no game to hunt here...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 16.ogg}} '''Diona:''' You were on the hunt for hilihounds and hilihogs.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 11.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Uh? What's that? A hili-what now?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 17.ogg}} '''Diona:''' You literally were the one just talking about them... again! You seemed pretty proud about it too, like you were on an epic hunt or something.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 12.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Really...? I must have had too much to drink again... I don't remember any of that. *sigh*
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 18.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Tch, typical you... Alright, let's hurry back and find Allan.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 13.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Diona, you're not... angry, are you?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 19.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Nope.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 14.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *sigh* I don't remember a thing... I promise that I won't drink that much next time.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 15.ogg}} '''Draff:''' All I remember is that I was out on a hunt with Allan and the others. We stopped somewhere nearby and started barbequing. I drank a little to celebrate all the game we caught...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 16.ogg}} '''Draff:''' And the next thing I know, this traveler is making me smell that... thing...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 20.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 17.ogg}} '''Draff:''' And... that's it. I don't remember anything else, was there something important?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 21.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *Ugh*
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 draff 18.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Er&mdash; I&mdash; Oh, Diona, how about you give Daddy a little hint? C'mon now!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910501 diona 22.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Nope! Forget it! Let's just go back and find Allan.

;(Talk to Allan)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 allan 01.ogg}} '''Allan:''' It's Diona and the Honorary Knight. You've brought Draff back!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 allan 02.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Oh, what happened to you Draff? You look awful.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I was... sobered up. Don't worry. I'm fine now. I just need to go back and get some rest.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Allan, if you could... gimme a hand...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 allan 03.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Oh, of course! Diona, Traveler... Thank you for all your help.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 allan 04.ogg}} '''Allan:''' I will be taking Draff back to Springvale now.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 allan 05.ogg}} '''Allan:''' He looks like he's going to have to rest for quite some time.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' See... this is what happens when you drink, just remember that. No drinking!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'm not of age yet...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But who knows what'll happen in the future. Just remember, drinking causes nothin' but trouble.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Alcohol is poison, it makes people foolish and makes them do terrible things. It somehow brings out the worst side of the best people.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That includes incredible hunters like my daddy. After drinking, he's worse than a hilihog and hilihound, or whatever he calls those things.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Unfortunately, we used up all the herbal soup you managed to get just to sober him up.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But, no use cryin' over spilt milk. I'll have to make you a drink some other time.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910502 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Let's head back, it's getting late.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: "I... Only Had... a Little..."===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = "I... Only Had... a Little..."
|character       = Diona
|act             = 1
|description     = Wine is fine... in moderation.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Samachurl Herbal Soup
|zhs     = 丘丘人萨满的草药汤
|zhs_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén Sàmǎn de Cǎoyào Tāng
|zht     = 丘丘人薩滿的草藥湯
|zht_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén Sàmǎn de Cǎoyào Tāng
|zh_tl   = Hilichurl Shaman's Herbal Soup
|ja      = ヒルチャールシャーマンの薬草スープ
|ja_rm   = Hirichaaru Shaaman no Yakusou Suupu
|ja_tl   = Samachurl Herbal Soup
|ko      = 츄츄족 샤먼의 탕약
|ko_rm   = Chyuchyujok Syameon-ui Tang'yak
|ko_tl   = Hilichurl Shaman's Decoction
|es      = Sopa medicinal de Samachurl
|es_tl   = Samachurl Medicinal Soup
|fr      = Soupe aux herbes façon Brutoshaman
|fr_tl   = Hilishaman-Style Herbal Soup
|ru      = Травяной отвар шамачурла
|ru_tl   = Samachurl Grass Broth
|th      = ซุปสมุนไพรของ Samachurl
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Canh thảo dược của Phù Thủy Hilichurl
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Kräutersuppe des Samachurls
|de_tl   = The Samachurl's Herb Soup
|id      = Sup Herbal Samachurl
|id_tl   = Samachurl Herbal Soup
|pt      = Sopa Medicinal dos Hilichurls Xamãs
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bitkisel Dağ Şamanı Çorbası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La zuppa d'erbe degli Sciamachurl
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}