{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Samail.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Died in [[Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand]]
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Thutmose
|affiliation2     = Tanit
|affiliationNote2  = formerly
|title            = "Samail the Straight Shooter"
}}
'''Samail''' was a quest-exclusive NPC that appeared in the [[Golden Slumber]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Profile==
Samail was a member of the Eremites who used to live in the desert. Like [[Jebrael]], he was originally part of the [[Tanit]] tribe.<ref name="log">Interactable: [[Pathfinders' Log]]</ref>

Both Samail and Jebrael were part of an expedition team sent by [[Babel]] to explore the ruins of [[Gurabad]].<ref name="log"/><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Eternal Dream, Ever Lush}}</ref> Babel's true plan included eliminating adherents of [[King Deshret]],<ref>Interactable: [[Tanit Emblem-Marked Records]]</ref> so she also sent a mole within the expedition team, Tarafa, to assassinate the entire team. Jebrael faked his own death and strucked down Tarafa before he could target Samail, thus only Samail and Jebrael were the only survivors. Those two left the Tanit tribes afterward, which irritated Babel, and she considered Jebrael (and possibly Samail) traitor.<ref name="log"/>

Samail and Jebrael joined, or founded, an Eremite faction call [[Thutmose]], and they were called "the Twin Blades of Thutmose." They were interested in the lost powers of [[King Deshret]] and forced researchers to help them find the King's throne. It's implied that a part of the reason Samail sought this power was for his revenge on Babel.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Secret of Al-Ahmar}}</ref> Jebrael eventually had a daughter ([[Jeht]]) with one researcher, [[Ufairah]]. Following Jeht's birth, Jebrael began to regret his past actions and sought to leave Thutmose with his family. Unfortunately, this led to Samail murdering Ufairah, as he felt Ufairah's love for Jebrael was an "infection" who had made him "weak".<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand}}</ref> Ultimately, Jebrael still left Thutmose.

Samail and Jebrael would not meet again until the events of the [[Golden Slumber]] quest series. After activating a mechanism in King Deshret's Mausoleum, Samail and the Fatui ran into [[Benben]], a strange [[Primal Construct]] and captured it. After a short but heated conversation, Samail and the Fatui attacked but were driven off. Samail then sent his Eremites to attack the merchants at the oasis, although Jebrael's wariness allowed them to escape relatively unharmed until rescue arrived.

Samail and his lackeys then laid low until Jebrael and his group solved the puzzles of King Deshret, allowing [[Eye of the Sands|Khaj-Nisut]] to rise and the throne to appear, having captured Jeht. To get everyone to safety, Jebrael duped Samail into sitting in the throne and singing the prayer of the Golden Slumber, causing his soul to be sent there. However, upon defeating his lackeys, who believed him killed, Samail revealed himself to have overtaken the Golden Slumber's consciousness and attempted to drag the group inside with him, sealing off the temple's exit. With no choice, Jebrael went into the slumber to confront Samail, allowing the others to escape.

===Appearance===
Samail takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Sunfrost]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Samail
|zhs     = 萨梅尔
|zhs_rm  = Sǎméi'ěr
|zht     = 薩梅爾
|zht_rm  = Sǎméi'ěr
|ja      = サミエル
|ja_rm   = Samieru
|ko      = 사마일
|es      = Samail
|fr      = Samail
|ru      = Самиил
|th      = Samail
|vi      = Samail
|de      = Samail
|id      = Samail
|pt      = Samail
|tr      = Samail
|it      = Samail
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}