{{Character Infobox
|image            = Sandrone.png
|type             = Mentioned
|name             = Sandrone
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|title            = Marionette
|title2           = The Seventh of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|region           = Snezhnaya

|voiceEN          = [https://www.deneenmelody.com/ Deneen Melody]<ref name="lazzo video description">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/洪海天 Hong Haitian ({{zh|洪海天}})]<ref name="Lazzo Chinese">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1mB4y1e7Lh {{zh|《原神·提瓦特篇》幕间PV-「冬夜愚戏」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Mariko Honda|Honda Mariko ({{ja|本多真梨子}})}}<ref name="jptwt">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1546349933506498560 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:강은애|Gang Eun-ae ({{ko|강은애}})}}<ref name="Lazzo Korean">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/MgcKHysZ_Dc {{ko|원신 티바트편 막간 PV - 「한겨울 밤의 광대극」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
}}
'''Sandrone''', also known by her codename "'''Marionette''',"<ref name="lazzo video description" /> is the Seventh of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].

She makes her first appearance during ''[https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]'' alongside her fellow Harbingers.

==Profile==
Sandrone was first mentioned in the description of [[Tartaglia]]'s Character Tale, [https://youtu.be/ZF4KyX0ASnI "Childe: Sigil of Permission,"] which recounts that she once admonished [[Javert]].

According to both Tartaglia and [[Wanderer]], Sandrone is always engrossed in her research on [[Automatons]], and she can be seen riding a modified [[Ruin Machine]] in ''A Winter Night's Lazzo''. She has a "terrible personality"<ref>{{Ref/VO|Wanderer|About Marionette}}</ref> and always glares daggers at Tartaglia whenever they meet, causing the latter to wonder if he previously offended her somehow.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Marionette}}</ref> During [[Signora]]'s funeral, Sandrone calls [[Pulcinella]], [[Pantalone]], and [[Arlecchino]]'s banter laughable and when the other Harbingers pay their respects at Signora's coffin by closing their eyes, Sandrone notably does not.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]</ref>

It is highly implied that Sandrone is the Harbinger who took an interest in [[Mosso Lombroso]]'s work and his creation, [["Curve"]], having [[Baulande]]'s supervisor make contact with [[Jenck]]. To escape capture, Jenck destroyed Mosso's laboratory, which subsequently destroyed Curve, who sacrificed its life to save the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]] and [[Talochard]]. Jenck was later found trussed up inside the [[Opera Epiclese]] with his tongue cut out and mind broken, which [[Euphrasie]] surmised was either Jenck's backer not wanting to make enemies out of them or feeling remorse at Curve's destruction.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Questions and Answers}}</ref><ref group="Note">Of the two Harbingers known for their interest in machines, the one behind Jenck severely punishes him for causing Curve's destruction and leaves an apology for Talochard, Paimon, and Traveler. This response does not align with [[The Doctor]]'s characterization, leaving Sandrone as the likely identity of the mystery Harbinger.</ref>

===Appearance===
Sandrone is a young, pale-skinned woman of medium height, with beige-colored hair with a similar style to [[Traveler|the female Traveler]]: a medium-length bob with two long strands framing her face and has blue-gray eyes.

Her outfit consists of a long white dress with red ruffles. She sports black corset showcasing a triquetra symbol in the middle, with ruby-red gemstones in between the spaces. Her dress has short dark puffy sleeves, while long white ones appearing underneath. Her gloves are white and form a V-shape at the wrist. Additionally, she wears white stockings with black heels.

She adorns a white, black, and gold bonnet on her head, with red lacing and black bows on the sides. Meanwhile, on her neck she has a black collar lined with gold. In the middle, a pear-cut ruby-red gem is found.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* Sandrone's form, save from her color scheme, bears a striking resemblance to [[Katheryne]], the Snezhnayan bionic puppet, and the receptionist of all branches of the [[Adventurers' Guild]]. Considering Sandrone's high interest in automatons, it is highly likely that the Katheryne's are creations of Sandrone, which she based their form on her own appearance.
* Sandrone shares her Korean voice actress, Kang Eun-ae, with [[Kirara]].

===Etymology===
* In ''{{w|commedia dell'arte}}'', from which the Eleven Fatui Harbingers' aliases and titles are derived, {{w|Sandrone}}, his wife, and his son were originally represented by puppets.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Sandrone Gallery Files}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_default_hidden=1
|1_en      = Sandrone
|1_zhs     = 桑多涅
|1_zhs_rm  = Sāngduōniè
|1_zht     = 桑多涅
|1_zht_rm  = Sāngduōniè
|1_ja      = サンドローネ
|1_ja_rm   = Sandoroone
|1_ko      = 산드로네
|1_es      = Sandrone
|1_fr      = Sandrone
|1_ru      = Сандроне
|1_th      = Sandrone
|1_vi      = Sandrone
|1_de      = Sandrone
|1_id      = Sandrone
|1_pt      = Sandrone
|1_tr      = Sandrone
|1_it      = Sandrone

|2_en      = Marionette
|2_zhs     = 木偶
|2_zhs_rm  = Mù'ǒu
|2_zht     = 木偶
|2_zht_rm  = Mù'ǒu
|2_zh_tl   = Puppet
|2_ja      = 傀儡
|2_ja_rm   = Kairai<ref name="jptwt" />
|2_ja_tl   = Puppet
|2_ko      = 꼭두각시
|2_ko_tl   = Puppet
|2_es      = La Títere
|2_es_tl   = The Puppet
|2_fr      = Pantin
|2_fr_tl   = Puppet
|2_ru      = Марионетка
|2_ru_tl   = Marionette
|2_th      = Marionette
|2_vi      = Marionette
|2_de      = Marionette
|2_id      = Marionette
|2_pt      = Marionete
|2_pt_tl   = Marionette
|2_tr      = Kukla
|2_tr_tl   = Puppet
|2_it      = Marionetta
|2_it_tl   = Marionette
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Fatui Navbox}}

[[de:Sandrone]]
[[es:Sandrone]]
[[fr:Sandrone]]
[[ja:サンドローネ]]
[[pl:Sandrone]]
[[pt-br:Sandrone]]
[[ru:Сандроне]]
[[th:Sandrone]]
[[vi:Sandrone]]