{{sandbox}}
==Abilities and Attacks==
''Attack names are unofficial except for Cleansing Shower.''

===Shared===
*'''Cleansing Shower:''' Forms an orb within their mouth and launches it at the player. On hit, the orb deals '''5% ATK''' as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}} and drains 30 [[Energy]] from the active character. If the active character has less than 30 Energy, the rest of the drain is converted to {{Color|Black|True DMG}} which ignores [[shields]].
*'''Spike Field:''' One of the vishaps plugs its tail into the ground, creating a large field, within which ice shards or Electro Energy frequently spike from the ground at random locations, dealing '''60% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|AoE Electro DMG}}. If a player is within the field, a spike will appear at the player's exact location every 2 seconds up to three times.
**If both vishaps are on the arena, only the Rimebiter Vishap can use the Spike Field attack. The Bolteater Vishap will not use this attack until the Rimebiter Vishap reaches critical health.
*'''Spinning Sweep:''' Curls up and quickly spins, dealing '''30% ATK * 2''' as {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|AoE Electro DMG}}.
*'''Homing Shards:''' Shoots three shards from the tip of their tails, which home towards the player at high speed, dealing '''30% ATK''', '''15% ATK''', '''7.5% ATK''' respectively as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
*'''Leap:''' Leaps to reposition, dealing {{Color|AoE Physical DMG}} upon landing.
*'''Critical Assist:''' After '''Double Beams''', the vishap at critical health jumps into nearby water and swims around the arena, and periodically launches waves of 3 shards that home towards the player, dealing '''30% ATK''', '''15% ATK''', '''7.5% ATK''' respectively as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}} on hit.

{{OgvGallery/Draft
|{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower.gif
|caption=Cleansing Shower
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower Energy Drain.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower Energy Drain.gif
|caption=Cleansing Shower (Energy Drain)
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower HP Drain.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower HP Drain.gif
|caption=Cleansing Shower (HP Drain)
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spike Field Rimebiter.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spike Field Rimebiter.gif
|caption=Spike Field ({{Color|Cryo|Rimebiter}})
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spike Field Bolteater.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spike Field Bolteater.gif
|caption=Spike Field ({{Color|Electro|Bolteater}})
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spinning Sweep.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spinning Sweep.gif
|caption=Spinning Sweep ({{Color|Cryo|Rimebiter}})
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spinning Sweep Bolteater.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spinning Sweep Bolteater.gif
|caption=Spinning Sweep ({{Color|Electro|Bolteater}})
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Homing Shards Rimebiter.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Homing Shards Rimebiter.gif
|caption=Homing Shards ({{Color|Cryo|Rimebiter}})
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Homing Shards.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Homing Shards.gif
|caption=Homing Shards ({{Color|Electro|Bolteater}})
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Critical Assist Rimebiter.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Critical Assist Rimebiter.gif
|caption=Critical Assist ({{Color|Cryo|Rimebiter}})
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Critical Assist Bolteater.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Critical Assist Bolteater.gif
|caption=Critical Assist ({{Color|Electro|Bolteater}})
}}}}

===Combo===
*'''Rapid Fire:''' The vishaps connect their tails and fire a barrage of alternating {{Cryo}} and {{Electro}} shards at the player, each dealing '''20% ATK''' or '''10% ATK''' as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
*'''Double Beams:''' Once one of the vishaps reaches critical health, both vishaps join their tails at the center of the arena, forms a circular field below them that randomly and rapidly deals '''100% ATK''', '''50% ATK''', '''25% ATK''', '''10% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Cryo DoT}} and {{Color|AoE Electro DoT}} simultaneously, and each fires a laser beam from its mouth, raking across the arena, randomly and rapidly dealing '''100% ATK''', '''50% ATK''', '''25% ATK''', '''10% ATK''' as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}} to players caught in the beam and destroying all walls in the process.

{{OgvGallery/Draft
|{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Rapid Fire.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Rapid Fire.gif
|caption=Rapid Fire
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Double Beams.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Double Beams.gif
|caption=Double Beams
}}}}

===Rimebiter-Exclusive===
*'''Slash Combo:''' If the player is within melee range, the Rimebiter Vishap performs 2 horizontal slashes followed by a downward smash, dealing '''30% ATK''', '''50% ATK''', '''80% ATK''' respectively as {{Color|Physical DMG}} with each hit.

{{OgvGallery/Draft
|{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Slash Combo.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Slash Combo.gif
|caption=Slash Combo
}}}}

===Bolteater-Exclusive===
*'''Assist:''' If a wall is intact, the Bolteater Vishap climbs up a wall and repeatedly launches '''Cleansing Shower''' orbs at the player. Orbs launched this way have the same Energy or HP draining effects, although with a minor homing property and a slower travel speed.
**Destroying the wall will cause the vishap to fall, temporarily incapacitating it.

{{OgvGallery/Draft
|{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Assist.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Assist.gif
|caption=Assist
}}{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Assist Incapacitated.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Assist Incapacitated.gif
|caption=Assist (Incapacitated)
}}}}

===Spiral Abyss===
In the [[Spiral Abyss]], the Coral Defenders lose the '''Assist''' and '''Critical Assist''' attacks, but gain the following ability:
*'''[[Paired Opponents|Revival]]:''' A visible link connects the two Vishaps. If one Vishap's HP reaches 0 and the other Vishap is not defeated within the next 10 seconds, the defeated Vishap will be revived with 40% of its Max HP.

{{OgvGallery/Draft
|{{LoopOgv
|size=185px
|video=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Soul Link.ogv
|gif=Bathysmal Vishap Herd Soul Link.gif
|caption=Revival
}}}}