{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Sangonomiya Kokomi
|id             = 368139
|image          = Character Sangonomiya Kokomi Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Sangonomiya Kokomi''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Affairs of state...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Read military books...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Draw up directives...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Don't have energy...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Future of Watatsumi Island...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} You have returned...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Relax?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Oh, you have returned, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I've just wrapped up the administrative affairs for today. Perhaps we can afford a moment to relax together?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I felt a little like a fish out of water when I first arrived.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I mean... After years of studying the art of war, I can't help but consider all the strategic points upon arriving in a new place like this.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Where would the enemy troops set up camp? From which direction could they mount an assault? And what strategies should we implement to counter these factors?
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' We need a barricade here... another sentry tower there... I began to instinctively consider all these things when I first arrived here.
::{{DIcon}} It's quite safe inside the Serenitea Pot, you know.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Mm... Yes, I eventually realized that I was overthinking things.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' After residing here for a while, I've grown more accustomed to the scenery and my mind has gradually come to be at peace.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' If you ask me, I would say this is almost an ideal place. I can easily separate myself from the outside world and enjoy some time to myself...
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Oh, but could I rent a room to use as a command post? I need a place to lay out my maps and battle scenarios.
::{{DIcon}} Of course you can.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Splendid. I would certainly like to stay here for some time. I can just lay on my bed and enjoy my strategy books, far from the pressures of social interaction.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I'll finally have all the energy I need every day. Mm, just thinking about it makes me happy.
::{{DIcon}} But, won't you feel lonely?
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Perhaps, if I'm all alone.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship1 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But, you'll still be here, correct?

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Sure, what would you like to talk about?
::{{DIcon}} I'd like to hear more about you, Kokomi.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' More about me? Mm... I don't mind. I only worry that you may find the topic a little boring.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I remember I used to always stay home all by myself when I was little. I didn't really have any friends... In fact, I seldom spoke to anyone.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' When I found myself bored with little to do, I would skim through the various books we had lying around the house.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Among the piles of texts on governmental affairs and diplomacy, there were a few books on the art of war. They were like gems to me.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I remember thinking at the time that it would be perfect to work as an adviser someday. Whenever Her Excellency would come to me for advice, I could put on a show and mysteriously hand her a directive.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Then, I could just snuggle right back up in my blanket and continue sleeping with no fear of anyone disrupting me.
::{{DIcon}} However, in reality...
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Mm. I suppose I never expected that someone like me who was used to staying home would be promoted to such a position.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I clearly remember that on my first day as priestess, I had well over one hundred people come pay their respects to me.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I did my best to carefully record each of their names, but after about twenty people or so, I had already lost track.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Eventually, I would feign that I was busy handling administrative affairs while using the papers to make a rough sketch of them with their name noted to the side for memorization later.
::{{DIcon}} That sounds pretty tiresome.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Mm... This is why I am so happy whenever I see you making progress.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Perhaps one day, you'll be even more suited than myself to appear before people, and even better prepared to carry their hopes forward.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' When that day comes, I can serve as your adviser. Wouldn't that be nice?

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' If the opportunity arises, I would like to take you diving with me.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The world is full of troubles. But when compared with the vastness of the sea, all those troubles seem to just fade away.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Though the ages pass and time brings change, the sea continues as it always has. As I float down among the depths of the sea, a deep tranquility permeates my heart.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' There are times when I feel utterly exhausted, so I thought I should share with you the way that I unwind.
::{{DIcon}} But how would I breathe underwater?
::{{DIcon}} I wouldn't call myself the best swimmer...
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Mm... That is indeed a problem.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Wait, I've come up with a clever solution.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I'll wrap the two of us in a gigantic bubble... We can slowly sink down into the sea together.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' This way, we can journey together underwater! You'll feel refreshed before you know it.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Though I've never gone diving together with anyone before, I must say that I certainly look forward to it.
::{{DIcon}} Is there anything that I should prepare beforehand?
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' No, not at all. The purpose of the trip is to relax, after all. Simply do as you please.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Besides, you will have the "grand strategist" accompanying you.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' You need only focus on resting and I'll take care of the details.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Kokomi.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Good morning, (Traveler). I trust you slept well?
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' A journey is much like a battle, you cannot set out exhausted.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Kokomi.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It'll be my turn to make breakfast tomorrow. You'll be able to sleep in.
::{{A|vo kokomi mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I'll be sure to wake you once breakfast is ready.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Eternal Domain of Fleeting Dreams===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kokomi bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The distance between the bed and the kotatsu is exactly right, and the placement of the wardrobe is eminently sensible...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kokomi bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' My bedroom is my quiet space. Once I close the door, no one can disturb me...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kokomi bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' ...With the exception of you, of course.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Scholarly Trove===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kokomi study 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Wow... You kept this a secret, didn't you?
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kokomi study 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' There are all kinds of texts here, even my favorite periodicals. Does this mean... You read them, too?
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq kokomi study 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I&mdash;I'd love to hear what you think about them!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Sangonomiya Kokomi/Compagnia]]
[[ja:珊瑚宮心海/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Кокоми/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Sangonomiya Kokomi/Konaklama]]