{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00489
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Leo Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Master's Day Off
|character     = Jean
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = When the West Wind Arises (Quest)
|next          = Master's Day Off (Quest)
|concurrent    = Margaret's Longing
|concurrent2   = Charles' Troubles
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 18,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Amber; Paimon; Sara; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Sara's Worries''' is one of the second parts of [[Jean]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Leo Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[Master's Day Off]].

==Steps==
#Find [[Sara]] and ask about her commission
#Collect 3 [[Sweet Flower]]s and 3 [[Fowl]] each
#Report back to Sara
#Cook [[Sweet Madame]]
#Give the dish to Sara
#Cook a [[Sticky Honey Roast]]
#Submit the dish

==Gameplay Notes==
* Suspicious-quality dishes cannot be submitted.

==Idle Quotes==
*"Submit cooking ingredients" ''(-Sara)
*"This isn't what I ordered..." (when attempting to submit the wrong dish -Sara)

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Sara]]'s delivery of ingredients still hasn't arrived, and she's growing more anxious by the minute...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Got it. I'll set off right away!
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amber! Are you here to help out with Jean's commission?
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh, hi. Yeah, I was just getting ready. Who better than an Outrider to mop up some hilichurls on the delivery route?
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 01.ogg}} '''Sara:''' *sigh* ...
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Sara... What are you still stressed about? I'm an Outrider, and I won't disappoint!
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 02.ogg}} '''Sara:''' You misunderstand me. I don't doubt your abilities, I'm just overwhelmed at the number of orders piling up in front of me.
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 03.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Another bizarre order came in just now. It's like they're hosting a banquet or something...
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' *clears throat*
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything we can help with?
:{{DIcon}} I can help with the cooking!
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 04.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Really! You don't mind helping?
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 05.ogg}} '''Sara:''' That would be wonderful! You really are the Good Hunter's guardian angel.
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Yeah well... Those hilichurls are going to be a handful too.
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 06.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Well, why don't you take this order. Start by getting the ingredients.
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo qinlq004 1 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure (Traveler) can be trusted? It might end up tasting a bit funky...
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 07.ogg}} '''Sara:''' We're well past the point of aiming for perfection. This is now a fight to save the Good Hunter's business.
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A fight?
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 08.ogg}} '''Sara:''' For this dish we need {{Color|buzzword|three sweet flowers and three fowls}}.
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 sara 09.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Okay, go and get ready. You too, Amber. I'll be waiting here.
:{{A|vo qinlq004 1 together 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' O–Okay... ''('''Paimon:''' Oh! Yes, right.)''
----
;(Talk to Sara)
:{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 01.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Have you brought me {{Color|buzzword|three sweet flowers and three fowls}}? Let me see...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Submit cooking ingredients
:;(Give all the ingredients)
::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 02.ogg}} '''Sara:''' ...Yep. That's everything.
::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 03.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Now &mdash; order no. 7 is for one {{Color|buzzword|Sweet Madame}}.
::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And so begins the story of us becoming basic kitchen hands!
::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 04.ogg}} '''Sara''': You did say you'd help Good Hunter out &mdash; be sure to serve it while it's hot.
:{{DIcon}} I'm still not ready...
::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 01b.ogg}} '''Sara:''' I see. Let's not keep the customers waiting too long.
----
;(Talk to Sara)
:{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 05.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Any news on that {{Color|buzzword|Sweet Madame}}?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Submit dish
::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 07.ogg}} '''Sara:''' One Sweet Madame, received!
:;(If delicious)
:::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 08b.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Mmm! That smells absolutely divine! This is nothing less than what I would expect from a head chef, never mind a sous-chef...
:;(If normal)
:::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 08a.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Mmm, it smells... pretty good! You have a knack for this – just the person I need!
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 01.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Hmm, since you cook so well... You might as well take this {{Color|buzzword|Sticky Honey Roast}} next.
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sticky Honey Roast! We tried that before, with Amber!
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 02.ogg}} '''Sara:''' That's right, a mainstay of the Good Hunter menu. It's my pride and joy!
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 03.ogg}} '''Sara:''' The Knights order it almost every time they come here for a gathering.
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 04.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Let me teach you the recipe for a {{Color|buzzword|Sticky Honey Roast}}...
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, didn't you say it's your pride and joy? You're going to teach us how to make it, just like that?
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 05.ogg}} '''Sara:''' With your cooking skills, I don't think you will be doing a disservice to the Good Hunter brand! Hee-hee.
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 06.ogg}} '''Sara:''' As soon as that {{Color|buzzword|Sticky Honey Roast}} is ready, please bring it here.
:{{DIcon}} I'm still not ready...
::{{A|vo qinlq004 3 sara 06b.ogg}} '''Sara:''' I see. Let's not keep the customers waiting too long.
----
;(Talking to Sara)
:{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 07.ogg}} '''Sara:''' I'm still waiting on one {{Color|buzzword|Sticky Honey Roast}}, have you got it?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Submit dish
:;(If delicious)
:::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 09b.ogg}} '''Sara:''' This is... Wow. Did you really cook this? This is quite simply astonishing. You were born to be a head chef!
:;(If normal)
:::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 09a.ogg}} '''Sara:''' This is a very good effort, I think you really captured the essence of what the dish is all about.
::{{A|vo qinlq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we released from kitchen duty now?
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 10.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Yes, thanks ever so much for your help. Amber should be able to take care of everything else.
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 11.ogg}} '''Sara:''' If you ever get tired of being an adventurer, there'll be a job waiting for you at Good Hunter if you want it!
:{{DIcon}} I'm still not ready...
::{{A|vo qinlq004 4 sara 08b.ogg}} '''Sara:''' I see. Let's not keep the customers waiting too long.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Sara will have unique idle quotes when submitting dishes/ingredients. ''(See: [[Sara]])''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sara's Worries
|zhs     = 委托人莎拉的忧愁
|zhs_rm  = Wěituō-rén Shālā de Yōuchóu
|zht     = 委託人莎拉的憂愁
|zht_rm  = Wěituō-rén Shālā de Yōuchóu
|zh_tl   = Requester Sara's Worries
|ja      = 依頼人サラの心配
|ja_rm   = Irainin Sara no Shinpai
|ja_tl   = Requester Sara's Worries
|ko      = 의뢰인 사라의 걱정
|ko_rm   = Uiroein Sara-ui Geokjeong
|ko_tl   = Requester Sara's Worries
|es      = La preocupación de Sara
|es_tl   = Sara's Worry
|fr      = Les soucis de Sara
|fr_tl   = Sara's Worries
|ru      = Печаль Сары
|ru_tl   = Sara's Sadness
|th      = ความกังวลของ Sara
|th_rm   = Khwam-kang-won khong Sara
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nỗi Lo Âu Của Người Ủy Thác Sara
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kummer der Auftraggeberin Sara
|de_tl   = Client Sara's Sorrow
|id      = Kekhawatiran Sara
|id_tl   = Sara's Worries
|pt      = Tristeza da Solicitante Sara
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sara'nın Endişeleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le preoccupazioni di Sara
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:La preocupación de Sara]]
[[fr:Les soucis de Sara]]