{{About|the species|the game mechanic|Saurian Indwelling|the enemy group|Natlan Saurian}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Saurian.png
|caption      = From left to right: a Yumkasaurus, a Tepetlisaurus, and a Koholasaurus
|type         = Species
|type2        = Lore
|region       = Natlan
}}
'''Saurians''' ('''-saurus''', ''plural'' '''-sauri''')<ref name="ranjit">{{Ref/NPC|Ranjit}}</ref> are the [[dragons]] of [[Natlan]]. They have undergone long years of development and evolution, and unlike dragons in other nations of [[Teyvat]], Saurians are common in Natlan and closely coexist with humanity.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref>

==Overview==
People in Natlan have a tradition of taking on Saurian companions, with Natlan's warriors dressing in imitation of their companions.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Search Chronicle: Burning Up!}}</ref> It appears that Saurians can choose their human companion and refuse to team up with anyone they don't acknowledge, as seen in the tale of [[Kuntur]], who was ostracized by humans and Saurians alike until he accomplished something great and earned the recognition of an Iktomisaurus comrade.<ref name="FCD">{{Ref/Quest|Search Chronicle: For Childhood Dreams!}}</ref>

According to [[Wayna]], Saurians are simple creatures that cannot easily distinguish right from wrong. Most of the time, they simply follow their emotions and trust their human companions.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lies and Promises}}</ref> Saurians have their own language, which is only understood by other Saurians. Likewise, humans do not understand the natural language of Saurians, simply guessing their words based on their mood. Few are able to translate the Saurian language into common tongue, such as [[Ajaw]] and [[Cacucu]], though the latter is only able to speak limited phrases due to the limits of his vocal cords.

Saurians can live in a myriad of environments outside their associated tribe; large flocks of Qucusaurs have been seen living in [[Ochkanatlan]] and the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]]. These groups are likely to be wild and have little to no association with humans.

They are stated to possess fur,<ref>{{Ref/VO|Kachina|Kachina's Troubles}}</ref> while Iktomisaurs<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Iktomisaurus}}</ref> and Qucusaurs<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Qucusaurus}}</ref> have feathers.

Yumkasaurs are known to have a life span roughly under that of a century. If they live longer than that, it is considered unnatural, with the Yumkasaur [[Kongamato]] living much longer, highly suspected to be from [[Abyss]]al contamination.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Hero's Rite}}</ref> According to various signboards in the Scions' village, young Yumkasaurs enjoy being touched by their ears, but dislike having their tails groomed. Adult Yumkasaurs enjoy having their tails groomed, showing it off with pride.

Qucusaurs are very prideful and are willing to let people, particularly from the Flower-Feather Clan, to ride them. However, this requires an immense amount of trust between the rider and saurian, as they will refuse to let people ride them if they sense even the slightest of hesitation, as a mistake by the rider would result in severe injuries or even death to both parties. 

Iktomisaurs can live long periods of time, as Elder [[Tlapo]] is known to be a bit over two centuries old, having grown up alongside [[Huitzilin]] and [[Citlali]]. They are frequently seen meditating in solitude or with a few others of their kind.

Tatankasaurs are fairly docile, but when angered, become completely unreasonable until their energy is spent.

While humans and Saurians live in harmony in the current era, this does not appear to have always been the case, with Saurians having been subjugated by humanity during [[Och-Kan]]'s time; in one incident, a man was condemned to death for protecting his tribe's Saurians.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Faded Emerald Tail}}</ref> In the modern day, there are also groups that poach Saurians.

Some Saurians like [[Little One]] can be born with a distinctive red mark, which is known as the [[Xiuhcoatl|Flamelord's Blessing]]. Saurians with this mark are noted to have much stronger powers over normal Saurians, but they are considered by the people of Natlan to be dangerous, as Saurians imbued with such power either succumb to it or become insane, which causes the [[Wayob]] and [[Night Kingdom]] to also reject them. The tribe that is related to the Saurian with the mark are "dealt with" by sending them back to the Night Kingdom. If this option is not chosen, the Saurian and their companion could instead travel to the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]] to perform a ritual by washing the name of the companion as remembered by the Fallen Dragon Xiuhcoatl to allow the Night Kingdom to accept them once more, though by the present era, this ritual was considered outdated due to a near nonexistent rate of success.

==Varieties==
===Historical===
* '''Stegosaur'''
** An individual Stegosaur named Muhuru<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Mountain-Bracing Bolt}}</ref> accompanied the warrior [[Sundjatta]] during Tenoch's campaign against the Abyss.<ref name=":0" />

===Present Day===
There are 6 current varieties of Saurians in Natlan:
* '''[[Tepetlisaur]]''' {{Icon/Element|Geo}}
** They live in the [[Tequemecan Valley|mines of eastern Natlan]], alongside the [[Nanatzcayan]] people.<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/31079467 Gemstone Wrought of Tears and Mettle]</ref> Their [[Tepetlisaur Whelp|young]] are characterized by round eyes and round bellies.<ref name="ranjit" /> They are able to dig underground and climb Solid Phlogiston crystals.
* '''[[Iktomisaur]]'''{{Icon/Element|Cryo}} 
**They have the ability to fly<ref name="ranjit" /> by floating up and making themselves as light as a feather<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Seeker No Finding|quote='''Chikya''': I told you I could jump great distances with an Iktomisaur on my back, but I'd be fooling you &mdash; for Iktomisaurs can float up and make themselves as light as a feather, so they don't weigh a thing.}}</ref> and live alongside the [[Masters of the Night-Wind|Mictlan]] people of Natlan's western cliffs. They are also capable of entering a "Spiritspeaker" state. An individual Iktomisaur named Mahamba accompanied the warrior [[Sanhaj]] during Tenoch's campaign against the Abyss.<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Weapon|Talking Stick}}</ref>
*'''[[Koholasaur]]''' {{Icon/Element|Hydro}}
**They live alongside the [[Meztli]] people of Natlan's [[Toyac Springs|southern springs]] and have the ability to swim at high speeds through water and Liquid Phlogiston.
*'''[[Yumkasaur]]''' {{Icon/Element|Dendro}}
**They live alongside the [[Huitztlan]] people of the [[Coatepec Mountain|trees of southeastern Natlan]] and can use their tongues as grappling hooks. An individual Yumkasaur named [[Kongamato]], also known as the Mountain King, accompanied the warrior [[Burkina]] during Tenoch's campaign against the Abyss.<ref name=":0" />
* '''[[Qucusaur]]''' {{Icon/Element|Pyro}}
**They live alongside the [[Flower-Feather Clan|Tlalocan]] people of Natlan's northwestern mountain peaks and can fly through the air and Gaseous Phlogiston using their wings. An individual Qucusaur, known as [[Holawaqa Ngoubou]], accompanied the warrior [[Menilek]] during Tenoch's campaign against the Abyss.<ref name=":0" />
*'''[[Tatankasaur]]''' {{Icon/Element|Electro}}
**They live alongside the [[Collective of Plenty]] in Natlan's southwest. An individual Tatankasaur named Kayeke accompanied the warrior [[Wanjiru]] during Tenoch's campaign against the Abyss.<ref name=":0" />

==Known Saurians==
===Tepetlisaurs===
{{Characters by Category List|Tepetlisaurus{{!}}Tepetlisaurus Whelp|2}}

===Koholasaurs===
{{Characters by Category List|Koholasaurus{{!}}Koholasaurus Whelp}}

===Yumkasaurs===
{{Characters by Category List|Yumkasaurus{{!}}Yumkasaurus Whelp|2}}

===Iktomisaurs===
{{Characters by Category List|Iktomisaurus{{!}}Iktomisaurus Whelp}}

===Qucusaurs=== 
{{Characters by Category List|Qucusaurus{{!}}Qucusaurus Whelp|2}}

===Tatankasaurs===
{{Characters by Category List|Tatankasaurus{{!}}Tatankasaurus Whelp}}

==Trivia==
* The companions of the heroes mentioned in the lore for [[Talking Stick]] are likely to be Saurians, considering how they are all named after mythological creatures, and [[Kongamato]] and [[Holawaqa Ngoubou]] are the names of Saurian [[Normal Boss]]es.
* [[Long-Necked Rhino]]s are not considered Saurians.

===Etymology===
* In zoology, "{{wt|saurian}}" is used to refer to any species under the sub-order {{w|Sauria}}, a taxonomic class which includes all modern reptiles and similarly extinct ones. The word saurian itself derives from the Ancient Greek word {{Lang|mini=1|grc=σαῦρος|grc_rm=saûros}} meaning "lizard."
* {{w|Iktomi}} is a spider trickster spirit in Lakota mythology.
* {{wt|tepetl|''Tepetl''}} means "mountain" in the Nahuatl language.
* {{wt|koholā|''Koholā''}} means "humpback whale" in the Hawaiian language.
* {{wt|tȟatȟáŋka|''Tatanka''}} means "buffalo bull" in the Lakota language.
* {{wt|es:Yumká|Yumká}} is a forest-dwelling elf in {{w|Chontal Mayan}} culture. 
** {{w|Yum Kaax}} means "lord of the forest" in the {{w|Yucatec Mayan language}}, and is also a god in Mayan culture.
* The name Qucusaur may derive from Qucumatz (standardly spelled {{w|Qʼuqʼumatz}}), the {{w|Feathered Serpent}} god of wind and rain of {{w|Kʼicheʼ|Kʼicheʼ Maya}}, where {{wt|q'uq'|''qʼuqʼ''}} means "quetzal" in the Kʼicheʼ language.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Saurian
|zhs      = 龙
|zhs_rm   = Lóng
|zht      = 龍
|zht_rm   = Lóng
|ja       = 竜 / サウリアン
|ja_rm    = Ryuu / Saurian
|ko       = {{tt|용|龍}}
|es       = Saurio
|fr       = Saurien
|ru       = Завриан
|th       = Saurian
|vi       = Saurian
|de       = Saurier
|id       = Saurian
|pt       = Sauriano
|tr       = Sürüngen
|it       = Saurico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0|introduced=4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|world}}

[[Category:Dragons]]

[[es:Saurio]]
[[fr:Sauriens natlanois]]
[[ja:竜]]
[[th:Saurian]]