{{About|the faction|the souvenir shop|Saurian Relics Association}}
{{Faction Infobox
|title        = Saurian Relics Association
|image        = 
|leader       = 
|subfaction   = * SRA [[Saurian Relics Association|Chuwen Fair Branch]]
|founder      = 
|base         = 
|region       = Natlan
}}

The '''Saurian Relics Association (SRA)''' is an organization in Natlan that specializes in ancient dragon ([[Saurian]]) relics. It was founded by [[Copan]]. One [[Saurian Relics Association|branch]] is based at [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Chuwen Fair]].<ref>{{Ref/BB|"Saurian Relics Association" Message Board|Introduction}}</ref>

==Description==
The Saurian Relics Association ostensibly oversees the collection and study of ancient Saurian relics in Natlan. They employ researchers and excavators, but will also accept donations from the general public. They also manage various excavation sites across Natlan, which are accessible to the public for a fee.<ref name="TC">{{Ref/Quest|Treasures and Collectors}}</ref>

At some point in the past, the association was commissioned to investigate [[Ochkanatlan]]. Shortly after their arrival, they disappeared without a trace, presumably falling to the abyssal monsters residing in the fallen empire. The incident resulted in the association steering far away from any matters regarding it.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Road Ahead}}</ref>

The SRA is not well-funded. Their [["Saurian Relics Association" Message Board|message board]] at Chuwen Fair proclaims that they are “always hiring” and “make up poor base salary with unlimited potential.” Their sources of revenue include charging entry fees for excavation sites and access fees for foreigners wanting to study Saurian relics.<ref>{{Ref/BB|"Saurian Relics Association" Message Board|Ancient Tatankasaurus Dragon Object}}</ref>

Their legitimacy is also somewhat suspect. [[Siyah]], the manager of the SRA's Chuwen Fair branch, has admitted that their collection has “essentially turned into a giant flea market.” One of their own researchers, [[Hoa]], has raised doubts regarding the Association's conclusions about a relic she brought in.<ref>{{Ref/BB|"Saurian Relics Association" Message Board|Ancient Qucusaurus Dragon Object}}</ref> However, to the SRA's credit, the [[Speaker's Chamber]] has previously expressed appreciation for their work.<ref>{{Ref/BB|"Saurian Relics Association" Message Board|Ancient Iktomisaurus Dragon Object}}</ref>

==Personnel==
{{Characters by Category List|Saurian Relics Association (Faction)}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Saurian Relics Association
|zhs      = 「龙遗物研究协会」
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 「龍遺物研究協會」
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「龍の遺物研究会」
|ja_rm    = "Ryuu no Ibutsu Kenkyuukai"
|ja_tl    = "Dragon Relics Association"
|ko       = 「용 유물 연구 협회」
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Asociación de Arqueología Sáurica
|es_tl    = Association of Saurian Archaeology
|fr       = Association des reliques sauriennes
|fr_tl    = Saurian Relics Association
|ru       = Ассоциация реликвий заврианов
|ru_tl    = Saurian Relics Association
|th       = "สมาคมวิจัยมรดกแห่ง Saurian"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Hiệp Hội Nghiên Cứu Di Vật Saurian
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Verein für Saurierrelikte“
|de_tl    = "Association for Saurian Relics"
|id       = Saurian Relics Association
|pt       = Associação de Relíquias Saurianas
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Sürüngen Kalıntıları Derneği
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Associazione delle Reliquie Sauriche
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}