{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 25029; 25033
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Saurian Versus Mountain.png
|startLocation = [[Tepeacac Rise]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = Tepeacac Rise
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|rewards       = Cacahuatl*1/Over time limit;Cacahuatl*2/Within time limit;Cacahuatl*3/Treasure Hoarder Version
|otherRewards  = * AR-Dependent Rewards
* Reaching the goal within the time limit grants the {{Achievement|Victory From the Flying Leaves}}.
|characters    = Paimon; Qica; Tlatem; Traveler
|npc           = Tlatem
}}
'''''Saurian Versus Mountain''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
===Initial Version===
# Talk to [[Tlatem]]
# Climb to the top of the mountain
# Talk to Tlatem

===Treasure Hoarder Version===
# Talk to Tlatem
# Defeat all opponents
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer|x=1}}
# Talk to Tlatem

==Gameplay Notes==
* Reaching the goal within the time limit{{Verify|how long?}} grants the {{Achievement|Victory From the Flying Leaves}}.
** A timer is not displayed for this challenge.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
===Initial Version===
{{Quest Description|Tlatem, from the [[Children of Echoes]]' tribal settlement, is presently troubled by a certain matter...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Tlatem)
:'''Tlatem:''' Come on, don't be discouraged. You just need to get well, and... keep trying! You'll make it to the mountaintop in no time!
:'''Qica:''' Grooo... Groooo...
:'''Tlatem:''' Are you hungry? Hmm... Then why don't I get you something to eat?
:'''Qica:''' Hroo... Oroo...
:{{DIcon}} What are you up to?
:'''Tlatem:''' I'm playing with my buddy [[Qica]]. He's still small, but Mom says he'll be the equal of any other [[Yumkasaurus]] when he grows up!
:'''Qica:''' Hroo... Rroooh...
:'''Tlatem:''' Don't be sad. Your body's just too frail at the moment, and you were injured previously to boot.
:'''Tlatem:''' Mom says you'll get better for sure. You've just gotta eat well and train with me.
:'''Qica:''' Rooh? Rrrooh...
:{{DIcon}} (Pet Qica.)
::'''Qica:''' Grooo... Groooo...
:{{DIcon}} How did he get hurt?
::'''Tlatem:''' I don't know... but maybe Mom does! Qica was already ill when she brought him in.
::'''Tlatem:''' He couldn't eat and didn't even have the strength to move. All I could do was dissolve some medicine in water and have him drink it every day.
::'''Tlatem:''' He recovered in the end, but... his body is still really weak, so he can't scamper all over the cliffsides like the other Yumkasaurs.
::'''Tlatem:''' That's really upsetting for him, so I'm trying to help him get back into tip-top shape... stronger than any other Yumkasaurus!
::'''Qica:''' Roar!
:'''Tlatem:''' Haha. Well, would you look at the time? We've got training coming up soon, so let's get eating!
:'''Tlatem:''' Mom made these dried fruits, you know! Fried them in a big pot before adding lots of nice-smelling condiments...
:'''Tlatem:''' Right, and she sprinkled in lots of sugar and petals, too... Either way, it tastes great! Just a moment, I'll give you some...
:'''Tlatem:''' Wait. Where'd my dried fruits go? I'm sure I put them in my bag...
:'''Qica:''' ...Hroo, Rrooo...
:'''Tlatem:''' Whoa! Qica! Did you eat it all? C'mon, I've told you not to get greedy... You're gonna have trouble moving around if you eat too much!
:'''Qica:''' ...Rrooh, Oroo...
:{{DIcon}} Well, it's good to have an appetite.
:{{DIcon}} He who eats more grows more.
:'''Qica:''' Hroo, rroooh!
:'''Tlatem:''' Is that so? In that case... I wanna be like Qica. I wanna eat lots, get bigger fast, and help Mom out.
:'''Tlatem:''' Alright then, Qica! Let's get training!
:'''Qica:''' Roar!
:'''Tlatem:''' Let's see... How about we practice mountain climbing today?
:'''Qica:''' R&mdash;Roar...
:'''Tlatem:''' Oh come on, keep your chin up! We'll do it just like last time. It won't be too hard at all!
:'''Qica:''' ...Roar!
:'''Tlatem:''' Right, Uncle [[Yawar]] told me last time that we'll have to find a reasonable "training goal" if we're gonna train right...
:'''Tlatem:''' Now, if only I could find a proper adventurer, and get them to help set some targets...
:{{DIcon}} I'm pretty decent as adventurers go...
:{{DIcon}} Proper adventurer, you say? Look no further.
:'''Tlatem:''' Really? Uh, then... Would you mind helping me?
:{{DIcon}} Need me to take you mountain climbing?
:{{DIcon}} Alright then. Follow me, let's get started!
:'''Tlatem:''' No no, wait. If you're that good, there's no way we'll be able to keep up with you.
:'''Tlatem:''' So what we'll do is time you while you climb.
:'''Tlatem:''' Alright then. Climb that mountain as fast as you can. We're counting on you!
:'''Qica:''' Rawr! Rrooh!

;(Talk to Tlatem again, optional)
:'''Tlatem:''' Hehe. We're in your capable hands, then! We'll be keeping time for you from here.
:'''Qica:''' Rawr, Rrooh? Hrroo...

;(Talk to Qica while [[Saurian Indwelling|indwelling]] a [[Saurian]], optional)
:'''Qica:''' Mountain, so high, so tired...
----
;(Reach the destination)
:{{Black Screen|You come down the mountain and return to Tlatem...}}
:;(If the destination was reached past the time limit)
:::'''Tlatem:''' You're amazing! You're just about as fast as [[Mayta]]!
:::{{DIcon}} H&mdash;Heh, it didn't quite go as well as I'd hoped...
::::'''Tlatem:''' Really? You mean you could've been faster still? Wow. Guess you really are an expert adventurer, huh...
:::{{DIcon}} Who's Mayta?
::::'''Tlatem:''' He's a friend of mine who's real good at mountain climbing. Apart from Big Sis [[Roca]], almost no one's his match.
:::'''Tlatem:''' If we set this time as our goal... Hmm...
:::'''Qica:''' Hrroo, roooh...
:::'''Tlatem:''' ...Yeah, I know, it's going to be a bit difficult for you, huh?
:::'''Tlatem:''' Guess I'll go show Mayta your climbing time. Maybe he can come up with a more... reasonable training plan for us?
:::'''Tlatem:''' Anyway, thanks a lot for your help. Here, have this [[Cacahuatl]]!
:::'''Tlatem:''' We picked it ourselves, so it's super fresh, and it'll make super tasty [[chocolate]]!
:;(If the destination was reached within the time limit)
:::'''Tlatem:''' Wow, you're awesome! I couldn't catch what you were doing at all &mdash; you've got to be even faster than Mayta, I bet!
:::{{DIcon}} I did alright, I think.
:::{{DIcon}} Who's Mayta?
::::'''Tlatem:''' He's a friend of mine who's real good at mountain climbing. Apart from Big Sis Roca, almost no one's his match.
:::'''Tlatem:''' I don't think Qica will be able to match your time, though... It's way too fast...
:::'''Qica:''' Hrroo, roooh...
:::'''Tlatem:''' Guess I'll go show Mayta your climbing time. Maybe he can come up with a more... reasonable training plan for us?
:::'''Tlatem:''' Anyway, thanks a lot for your help. Here, have these Cacahuatls!
:::'''Tlatem:''' We picked them ourselves, so they're super fresh, and they'll make super tasty chocolate!
:'''Qica:''' Orrooo, orrooo!
:'''Tlatem:''' In that case, we'll head out now. I wonder if Mayta's back at the settlement. He hasn't gone out climbing again, has he...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Second Encounter===
{{Quest Description|Within the Children of Echoes, Tlatem is presently troubled by a certain matter...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Tlatem)
:'''Tlatem:''' Good boy, good boy! Eaten your fill today? Ready to train?
:'''Qica:''' Raar, oroo, rrooh!
:'''Tlatem:''' Pretty energetic today, aren't we? Awesome! Let's do this!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, let's do this!
:'''Tlatem:''' Huh? Oh, hello there! We're doing some more mountain climbing training right now.
:'''Qica:''' Rroo! Wrroo!
:'''Qica:''' Wrooo, rrooh...
:{{DIcon}} How's the training coming along?
::'''Tlatem:''' Well... we're "making progress." Qica's made it up a lot further this time.
::'''Tlatem:''' It's just that Qica's not very familiar with climbing mountains, and...
:{{DIcon}} Looks like he's recovering nicely.
::'''Tlatem:''' That's right. Mom says I'm getting real good at caring for him.
::'''Tlatem:''' Qica's improved loads. He can climb way higher than he could last time.
::'''Tlatem:''' It's just that Qica's not very familiar with climbing mountains, and...
:'''Tlatem:''' Could you demonstrate for us again, by the way?
:{{DIcon}} Sure I can.
::'''Tlatem:''' Thank you so much! I'm sure I'll be able to catch your movements this time.
::'''Tlatem:''' You keep your eyes peeled too, alright, Qica?
::'''Qica:''' Roar!
:{{DIcon}} Watch closely this time, alright?
::'''Tlatem:''' Of course! Qica and I won't miss a thing this time!
:'''Tlatem:''' We're counting on you!
:'''Tlatem:''' So what we'll do is time you while you climb.
:'''Qica:''' Wroo, roooh...

;(Talk to Tlatem again, optional)
:'''Tlatem:''' Hehe. We're in your capable hands, then! We'll be watching and timing you from down below.
:'''Qica:''' Grooo... Hrooo...

;(Talk to Qica while indwelling a Saurian, optional)
:'''Qica:''' Mountain, so high, so tired...
----
;(Reach the destination)
:{{Black Screen|You come down the mountain and return to Tlatem...}}
:;(If the destination was reached past the time limit)
:::'''Tlatem:''' You're amazing! You're just about as fast as Mayta!
:::{{DIcon}} I did make a few errors...
:::{{DIcon}} It wasn't a perfect run...
:::'''Tlatem:''' Heh, you're plenty fast already. Qica and I can't compare at all.
:::'''Tlatem:''' *sigh* We'll be training for a long time before we can match you, I'd say...
:::'''Qica:''' Wroo, roooh...
:::{{DIcon}} You can do it, Qica!
:::{{DIcon}} I believe in you two.
:::'''Qica:''' Wroo!? Hroo, Rrooh...
:::'''Tlatem:''' That's a good boy, Qica. Remember what Uncle Yawar said? We'll get stronger as long as we keep working hard!
:::'''Qica:''' Roar...
:::'''Tlatem:''' Anyway, thanks a lot for your help. Here, have this fruit!
:;(If the destination was reached within the time limit)
:::'''Tlatem:''' Wow, you're awesome! I still couldn't quite catch what you were doing...
:::'''Tlatem:''' *sigh* We'll be training for a long time before we can match you, I'd say...
:::'''Qica:''' Wroo, roooh...
:::{{DIcon}} You can do it, Qica!
:::{{DIcon}} I believe in you two.
:::'''Qica:''' Oroo!? Hroo, Rrooh...
:::'''Tlatem:''' That's a good boy, Qica. Remember what Uncle Yawar said? We'll get stronger as long as we keep working hard!
:::'''Qica:''' Roar...
:::'''Tlatem:''' Anyway, thanks a lot for your help. Here, have these fruits!
:'''Tlatem:''' Qica just picked it up &mdash; and you know, he's moving way faster than he used to!
:'''Tlatem:''' Hehe, I'm sure he's gotten this good because he's had you to look to as an example!
:'''Qica:''' Wroo, rrooh!
:'''Tlatem:''' Alright then, we're going to head back and look for Mayta. He should be back at the tribe settlement right now...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Treasure Hoarder Version===
{{Quest Description|Within the Children of Echoes, Tlatem is presently troubled by a certain matter...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Tlatem)
:'''Tlatem:''' He doesn't like you, so scram!
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Little runt... What's with you and the [[Saurian]]? You know him or something?
:'''Qica:''' Roar... Rawrrrr!
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Oh, look, he's getting impatient. Alright then, whelp, stand aside. We don't hit kids.
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Bring the bag, boys. Bet you this Saurian'll sell for a good price.
:'''Tlatem:''' Don't come any closer! And don't blame me if you get hurt!
:'''Impatient Thief:''' W&mdash;Wait, you mean you're going to hit us? Hahahaha! You hear that, boys? He's gonna take us on!
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Ooh, kiddo, I'm sho scared, I'm twembling in my bwoots. But if you say so... don't blame me if you get hurt.
:'''Qica:''' Rawr! Rawrrr! Rawr!
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Tch... Isn't this Saurian a noisy one. Alright, kid, just go have a nap over&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} You're the ones who could use a nap.
:{{DIcon}} Hope you don't mind if I chip in.
:'''Tlatem:''' {{MC|m=Big Bro|f=Big Sis}}! They're trying to take Qica!
:'''Qica:''' Rroo! Wrroo!
:'''Impatient Thief:''' ...Hey, you. How about you step aside? We won't hurt you. Heck, we'll give you a share. How's that sound?
:{{DIcon}} No hurting Qica.
:{{DIcon}} Who died and made you king?
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Huh. Guess that's that, then. Well, I'm sure you know the rules. Let's get dangerous!
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Let's go, lads!
----
;(Combat begins)
:'''Tlatem:''' Qica, get over here, quick! Let's hide!
:'''Qica:''' Rawrrrr! Rawr!
----
;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''Impatient Thief:''' ...Just our luck today, running into a hero as skilled as you.
:'''Impatient Thief:''' Hmph, you've got chops. Brothers, let's get out of here!
----
;(Talk to Tlatem)
:'''Tlatem:''' Thanks for saving us, {{MC|m=Big Bro}}, {{MC|f=Big Sis}}.{{sic}}
:'''Qica:''' Hrroo, roooh...
:'''Tlatem:''' This place was too far from the tribe &mdash; if you hadn't shown up, there's no way I'd have been able to alert Illapa before Qica got caught.
:{{DIcon}} What are you two doing over here, anyway?
:'''Tlatem:''' Climbing practice, as always &mdash; but we got hungry halfway through.
:'''Tlatem:''' So the two of us went foraging... But before we knew it, we'd wandered off pretty far...
:'''Tlatem:''' By the time we'd had our fill, we were a long, long way out. Mom's going to give it to me for sure when we get back...
:'''Tlatem:''' Thanks again for saving us. Take these Cacahuatls &mdash; I only just plucked 'em!
:'''Tlatem:''' We'll head back as quick as we can. Come on, Qica!
:'''Qica:''' Rawr! Rawrrr! Rawr!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The quest description erroneously states multiple times that Tlatem is from the Children of Echoes instead of the [[Scions of the Canopy]]. This is supported by his green clothes being a Scions of the Canopy variant, his friend Qica being a Yumkasaur Whelp, and his association with his friend Mayta, uncle Yawar, and his older sister Roca.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Saurian Versus Mountain
|zhs      = 龙与山
|zhs_rm   = Lóng yǔ Shān
|zht      = 龍與山
|zht_rm   = Lóng yǔ Shān
|zh_tl    = The Saurian and the Mountain
|ja       = 竜と山
|ja_rm    = Ryuu to Yama
|ja_tl    = The Saurian and the Mountain
|ko       = 용과 산
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Un saurito contra la montaña
|es_tl    = A Saurian Against the Mountain
|fr       = Saurien et montagne
|fr_tl    = Saurian and Mountain
|ru       = Завриан и гора
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Saurian และภูเขา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Núi Và Saurian
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Saurier und Berge
|de_tl    = Saurians and Mountains
|id       = Saurian vs Gunung
|id_tl    = Saurian vs Mountain
|pt       = Sauriano Contra a Montanha
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Dağa Kafa Tutan Sürüngen
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Saurico contro montagna
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}

[[vi:Núi Và Saurian]]