{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Saurian Egg Adventures
|image             = Saurian Egg Adventures.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-09-12 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-09-19 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/125809
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240912kinich-c8eubx/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Ajaw;Kinich
}}
{{Description|During the event, help Kinich hatch the Saurian eggs. Successfully hatch a baby Saurian to receive in-game item rewards.}}
'''Saurian Egg Adventures''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 5.0]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* 09/12/2024 12:00 – 09/19/2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

===Requirements===
* Reach Adventure Rank 10 or above

===Summary===
* During the event, help Kinich hatch the Saurian eggs. Successfully hatch a baby Saurian to receive in-game item rewards.

===Gameplay Details===
# During the event, help Kinich hatch the Saurian eggs. After hatching a baby Saurian for the first time, share the hatching results to receive in-game item rewards.
# When hatching the eggs, completing three hatching operations will successfully hatch a baby Saurian. Different hatching operations can result in baby Saurians with different personalities.
# Complete the specified missions within the event to unlock more hatching options. Selecting special hatching operations increases the chance of hatching unique baby Saurians.
# Players will receive in-game item rewards the first time they hatch a baby Saurian. After receiving the reward, they can continue to hatch the remaining baby Saurians. Hatch a total of three baby Saurians to receive the event wallpaper.

===Event Notes===
# Users should log in to the event using their HoYoverse Account and select their corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that their rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpapers are not available after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 40
|Mora = 20,000
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 2
|Nagadus Emerald Fragment = 3
|sort  = Primogem,Mora,Mystic Enhancement Ore,Nagadus Emerald Fragment
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Saurian Egg Adventures
|zhs     = 龙蛋历险记
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 龍蛋歷險記
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 竜の卵の育成記
|ja_rm   = Ryuu no Tamago no Ikusei-ki
|ja_tl   = Notes on Nurturing Dragon Eggs
|ko      = 용<->의 알 육성기
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Incubadora de saurios
|es_tl   = Saurian Incubator
|fr      = Aventure des œufs de saurien
|fr_tl   = Saurian Egg Adventure
|ru      = Приключения яйца завриана
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การผจญภัยของไข่ Saurian
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyến Mạo Hiểm Của Trứng Saurian
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Abenteuer der Sauriereier
|de_tl   = Saurian Eggs' Adventure
|id      = Petualangan Telur Saurian
|id_tl   = Saurian Egg Adventures
|pt      = Diário das Aventuras de um Ovo de Sauriano
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sürüngen Yumurtası Maceraları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le avventure dell'uovo di Saurico
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[pt-br:Diário das Aventuras de um Ovo de Sauriano]]
[[ru:Приключения яйца завриана]]
[[vi:Chuyến Mạo Hiểm Của Trứng Saurian]]