{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Savior's Wake
|id            = 74077
|image         = World Quest Savior's Wake.png
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = In the Wake of Narcissus
|actNum        = II
|act           = Savior's Wake
|characters    = Ann; Caterpillar; Paimon; Seymour; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Tower of Ipsissimus]], [[Morte Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)
|next          = Waking from the Great Dream (Quest)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Primogem*50;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Savior's Wake''''' is the only [[World Quest]] of {{Quest|Savior's Wake|showType=0}}.

==Steps==
# Decode this level's puzzle
# Go to the [[Tower of Ipsissimus: Middle|lower level]]
# Decode this level's puzzle
# Go to the [[Tower of Ipsissimus: Bottom|lower level]]
# Take a break and talk with everyone (0/4)
# Talk to [[Caterpillar]]
# Unlock the door and proceed below
# Break the seal over the [[Primordial Sea]]
# Defeat the clockwork meka<!-- Boss bar shows: Reactivated Mechanisms - Special Order 172 Execution Team -->
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Recon Log Mek - Ousia|x=2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Assault Specialist Mek - Ousia;Recon Log Mek - Ousia*2}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Suppression Specialist Mek - Ousia;Recon Log Mek - Ousia*2}}
#* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|Assault Specialist Mek - Ousia*2;Suppression Specialist Mek - Ousia}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|The Tower of Ipsissimus's Optical Couplers}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* After completing the quest, the [[Tower of Ipsissimus]] becomes permanently submerged.
* [[Ann]] will stay by the player's side while they explore the top and middle levels of the tower. "Equipment"-type [[Gadget]]s can be equipped, but will not visually appear.
* A teleport waypoint, Exploring the Tower of Gestalt, becomes available at the start of the quest, and moves with the player after reaching each level of the tower.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"The Beginning of the End" lies under the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]]. Head down there.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Read the introduction, optional)
:'''Introduction:''' "Here displayed is the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's optical-coupling transmission design. This patent for this design came from our passionate sponsor, Mr. Eliphas."
----
;(Read the certificate, floor 1, optional)
::Madam M. Laveaux, formal Narzissenkreuz Ordo member, Level 4. After returning home from [[Natlan]], Madam Laveaux has since dedicated herself enthusiastically to the grand ideals of Narzissenkreuz. An authority on beauty, she is also highly skilled in divination using ███, making her very popular with the other ladies. Not only has she provided the Ordo with █████ from Natlan, but she has also contributed greatly to promoting the Ordo's good name in high society.

;(Read the certificate, floor 1, optional)
::Ms. E. Lenormand, formal Narzissenkreuz Ordo member, Level 3. As a famous book merchant, Ms. Lenormand has used ████ to describe Narzissenkreuz's teachings in an easy-to-follow manner, thus making extraordinary contributions to the spread of our tenets. It was for this reason that she was granted an exceptional promotion to level 3.

;(Read the certificate, floor 2, optional)
::Erich ███, formal Narzissenkreuz Order member, Level 2. A famous historian from the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]] who has dabbled in the study of various ancient civilizations. After the Institute disbanded, he joined the Ordo at [[Jakob|Mr. Ingold]]'s invitation. He has since continued his research into [[Remuria|Remurian]] civilization.

;(Read the certificate, floor 2, optional)
::Mr. Griffin L. Randolph, honorary Narzissenkreuz Ordo member, Level 1. Mr. Randolph comes from a long line of wealthy nobles. His generosity has provided the Ordo's archaeological aspirations with ample financial support. Unfortunately, he has remained unable to pass the Level 1 tests despite making several attempts, due to his inability to remember the relevant keywords. On account of his passion, and by the special permission of Mr. Ingold, he has been granted honorary membership and Level 1 access.

;(Read the certificate, floor 3, optional)
::Ms. Si██ Giuffria, formal Narzissenkreuz Ordo member and a famous dancer. She has been most generous in her sponsorship of the Ordo and has herself reached Level 3. On a certain Sunday, Narzissenkreuz healed her injured leg and awakened her "genius."

;(Read the certificate, floor 3, optional)
::Susannah ████, honorary Narzissenkreuz Ordo member, Level 1. One needs to finish the Ordo's reading list and understand its ideals to reach Level 1, though Ms. Susannah has not achieved this. The fact is, however, that Mr. Ingold and Master Narzissenkreuz always get the "lucky" reward whenever they purchase her scones and cookies, which is why, at Mr. Ingold's suggestion, she was made a Level 1 honorary member.

;(Read the certificate, floor 3, optional)
::Eichi Karasawa, formal Narzissenkreuz member, Level 1. A scholar from [[Inazuma]] staying in Fontaine, he has displayed great fervor for Narzissenkreuz's teachings and has passed the Level 1 test. Though we hoped that he could spread said teachings in Inazuma, he seems to, for reasons his own, prefer living in Fontaine. He is also a romance novelist of some fame, and his work is peppered with hidden Remurian riddles. His success is intimately related to the Ordo's research.
----
;(Enter the lower level)
:'''Caterpillar:''' I estimated the height of the tower, and we're almost at the bottom. We may have to face Narzissenkreuz if we continue to descend.
:'''Caterpillar:''' The world is about to welcome its own answer. Will it be destruction or salvation? Or perhaps Narzissenkreuz's version of salvation?
:'''Paimon:''' Please, who'd wanna escape the apocalypse their way?
:'''Paimon:''' If Paimon has to leave, she'll make {{Traveler}} take her away from Teyvat.
:{{DIcon}} I'm going to save everyone.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon wasn't saying she'd just watch everyone bite the dust!
:'''Caterpillar:''' There aren't any riddles or pursuers here, so why don't we get some rest and prepare ourselves here?
:{{DIcon}} Failing to prepare is preparing to fail.
:'''Seymour:''' Everyone, the door to the next level seems to be locked.
:'''Seymour:''' Do you require me to put my engine into overdrive to get enough horsepower to break through?
:'''Caterpillar:''' That won't be necessary. We've decided to rest and reorganize here anyway, so we should just be cautious and look around for a key.
:'''Caterpillar:''' And if we discover that it's a door without a key, then I'll kick it open myself.

;(Talk to Ann)
:'''Ann:''' How can I help you, Knight {{Traveler}}?
:'''Ann:''' Both Caterpillar and Seymour are helping out, but I don't seem to be of any use now.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it.
:'''Ann:''' Of course, I understand. Though it's obvious that we can just kick it open, we've reached an understanding to do some investigating instead.
:'''Ann:''' I suppose this is us trying to mentally prepare ourselves... after a fashion, right?

;(Talk to Ann again, optional)
:'''Ann:''' Is there anything else I can help with, Knight {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything in particular that you'd like to do after this is all over?
:'''Ann:''' Honestly, I haven't given it any thought. I feel like I have nowhere to go.
:'''Ann:''' After learning the truth, I can never go back to [[Petit Chou]] and [[Al]].
:'''Ann:''' So where should I go?
:'''Ann:''' Forget it! Those are all problems for future Ann!

;(Talk to Seymour)
:'''Seymour:''' Hello. How may I assist?
:{{DIcon}} About the Gardemeks...
:'''Seymour:''' Do not worry. All of them are inactive.
:'''Seymour:''' If we consider their extreme age and the fact that they are early models, the probability of them waking at all is far from certain.
:'''Seymour:''' According to the records of those with me, accessing the level below will trigger their activation sequences.
:'''Seymour:''' At that point, around 60% of them will activate successfully. As for the remaining 40%, it's not guaranteed that they will fail to activate either.
:{{DIcon}} Ugh...
:'''Seymour:''' At least there's a chance the slow march of time has reduced the danger we are about to face.
:{{DIcon}} You're starting to confuse me.
:'''Seymour:''' Apologies, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to Seymour again, optional)
:'''Seymour:''' Anything else, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Have you made plans for the future?
:'''Seymour:''' Do you mean once this is all over? If I can see Ms. [[Mary-Ann]] again, I hope...
:'''Seymour:''' I hope she will agree to visit [[Mamere]] with me, and then the three of us can travel the world together.
:{{DIcon}} Aww, you're a good boy, aren't you? The goodest.
:'''Seymour:''' I don't quite understand what you mean.
:{{DIcon}} You're such a reliable prototype!
:'''Seymour:''' Thank you for your praise.

;(Talk to Caterpillar)
:'''Caterpillar:''' There are some of Narzissenkreuz's notes and books here. Interesting as they may be, none of them have a conclusion.
:{{DIcon}} Caterpillar, I have a question.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Ask away.
:{{DIcon}} The members of the Ordo clearly hate clockwork meka...
::{{DIcon}} ...So why are there so many gears in this tower?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Now that is an interesting question. But all I can offer is my own conjecture.
:'''Caterpillar:''' In my opinion, the theme of this place isn't "gears." but "bells."
:'''Caterpillar:''' The chime of a bell holds a special meaning even for people like Jakob and Narzissenkreuz.
:{{DIcon}} A special meaning?
:'''Caterpillar:''' When the bell tolls, the world ends, the adventure is over, or you simply awaken from the dream. Who knows?

;(Talk to Caterpillar again, optional)
:'''Caterpillar:''' Is there anything else I can help with?
:{{DIcon}} Will you go see [[Lanoire]] once this is all over?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Probably, but I should also probably keep wandering. I still have a lot of questions that need answering.
:'''Caterpillar:''' After listening to what Jakob said, I did recall a "[[Canotila and the Book of Revealing|Book of Revealing]]" related to their activities in their early years. Maybe I'll be able to find some clues about myself in there.
:{{DIcon}} Do you still care so much about the past?
:'''Caterpillar:''' I suppose. That said, I'm more interested in knowing whether the novel I read so many years ago has a happy ending.
:'''Caterpillar:''' I'll find out, come hell or high water &mdash; seriously.
:{{DIcon}} You're... joking again, aren't you?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Just a little. But I'm genuinely looking forward to seeing how a wonderful dream ends.

;(Talk to Paimon)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, why are people so fond of immersing themselves in dreams?
:'''Paimon:''' Mary-Ann weaves a dream encircling everyone, and Narzissenkreuz is living in his dream of saving the world.
:{{DIcon}} And I'm the one who's worried about tomorrow...
::{{DIcon}} ...So it's understandable if you don't understand, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;Because Paimon's the type to live in the present!
:{{DIcon}} But if it's a dream, you have to wake up eventually.
:'''Paimon:''' And there are only two things you can do after waking from a dream.
:'''Paimon:''' You can try to go right back to sleep and return to the same dream...
:'''Paimon:''' Or, you can face yourself in the waking world.
:'''Paimon:''' And since you've woken up, it's time for breakfast. You can reward yourself with a nice [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]]!
:'''Paimon:''' It's time to wake up again, and bravely face reality for another day. You can do it!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, so that really was foreshadowing!?
:'''Paimon:''' Foreshadowing? What foreshadowing?

;(Read the Notes, optional)
::'''Notes'''
::..."Red" is the foundational principle, the philosopher's stone, while "yellow" represents gold and mortal temptation. Yellow is simply bait. Red is the final goal. However, Khaenri'ah would likely seek the truth for gold's sake before turning that truth into a bread production pipeline...

;(Read the Storybook, optional)
::'''Storybook'''
::(This is a strange fairy tale with some comments written in purple ink.)
::The rabbit's pocket watch is, in truth, the beginning of the dream. the watch is a precise timekeeper, but the flow of time in dreamland is madness. When the clock chimes, all shall end.
::Mary-Ann, whom people often mistake Liddell for... But could it not be that they were, at first, one and the same?
::The caterpillar has all the hallmarks of maturity. The pipe, the reading glasses, the knowledge. Yet a larva he remains, not yet a butterfly. One who lacks the confidence to break through a cocoon shall die before ever becoming so. But moths have no mouthparts, and thus they can only leap into the flames.
::The Queen of Hearts, the one who loved to take heads.
::The White Knight, who mumbled about his little inventions.
::The Red Queen... In the end, it was all her dream, and she was a little mother cat.

;(After talking to everyone)
:'''Seymour:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}, Caterpillar seems to have found the key.

;(Talk to Caterpillar, Seymour or Ann)
:'''Caterpillar:''' Well, well. Guess what we have stuck between the pages, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! It's a key!
:'''Caterpillar:''' Indeed, and Seymour's already used sonic imaging to do a rough analysis. It really is the key to that door.
:'''Paimon:''' If Fontaine's authorities raided this place before, why didn't they find this?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Perhaps the answer is that it was simply never raided. Having looked through the notes here, I think I can understand why...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Why he simply closed the door and quietly left.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... What are you trying to say?
:'''Caterpillar:''' It's nothing. Perhaps this is enough. After all, there are clockwork meka below that may come to life at any second.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Time to go.
;(Obtain {{Item|Small Key}})

;(Read the Investigation Log, optional)
::'''Investigation Log'''
::This report collates various other reports written during the archaeological studies conducted on the temple ruins, including... As the report includes large amounts of... related to said plan, it is only available for internal consumption... It is prohibited to disclose any of the following content in speeches or official publications to external parties...
::...
::As to how to decipher the stone tablets and bronze slates... We hit a massive roadblock right from the start... Most of the texts previously discovered in older [[Golden Troupe (Faction)|Golden Troupe]] ruins and legacy copies we got from collections were all from Fontaine's early nation-building stage or later. As such, most of these texts were written in Fontainian script... This time, we unearthed a great number of antediluvian bronze slates and stone tablets, which all use ancient Remurian script...
::...
::Regarding Remurian characters... They seem to be some form of phonography, of which we currently only recognize a single digit amount... For the longest time, we treated them like simple musical notes, and undertook many trials on that basis without any progress. As such, we hit an impasse in our research...
::...Until, after being reminded by Mr. Erich, we found... in an ancient copy preserved in the Institute of Natural Philosophy... made progress in deciphering the documents... It's the first step in a long journey, but we have already surpassed all previous scholars of the esoteric...
::...
::Regarding morality... While this might conjure up empty talk of ethics today, it had more practical significance to the ancients... Complete mastery over the body by one's will was considered the consummation of human virtue, a pinnacle that only gods and the rarest of mortals could come close to attaining... Following moral decay, the will became shackled to bodily form... Willpower withered, and humanity became entirely enslaved to their flesh... The ancients would see this as a separation from civilization's communal body, an eternal sundering from music and the divine, becoming next-of-kin to the beasts...
::...
::Regarding the concepts of spirit and will... Just as the people of [[Sumeru]] had specialized terminology to illustrate different stages of plant growth, Fontainians had more than twenty words describing water's various aspects. However, the ancients' study and differentiation of the spirit reached heights that we ourselves found challenging to attain... While, for the most part, it was divided into memory, wishes, soul, and persona, a spirit's qualities still carried complex distinctions... Among these, the state that came closest to the perfect freedom that divinities possessed was named "True Will"... The detachment of human will with such meticulous research as a jumping-off point... Perhaps it was through this power that the ancients achieved transcendence from the physical realm. Despite this remarkable achievement, they were unable to escape their fate, which appeared preordained...
::...
::Regarding "[[Fortuna]]"... Myth, proverbs, and poetry are all that we have compiled so far in connection to "Fortuna." These findings deviate significantly from initial expectations... At best, they could be described as vague inferences and a priori assertions, bereft of quantifiability or scientific rigor. They appear exceedingly rudimentary and primitive when compared to the world-formula. Furthermore...
::...As expected, this seems to be an attempt to make up for some shortfall. The ancients even made no small amount of errors in their selection of materials. This was unavoidable... Aside from analysis of the will and the "Seal of Chymical Marriage," there was hardly any utility to be found... When faced with the fact that the ancients were deceived by such falsehoods for a thousand years, one can only wonder if it was a matter of faith or folly...
----
;(Approach the lower level)
:'''Caterpillar:''' The combat capabilities arrayed here are quite the terrifying sight...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. You changed back, Caterpillar!
:'''Caterpillar:''' Well, we do need to be ready for a fight, after all. Look.
:'''Caterpillar:''' These must be the security installations that were left behind when the tower was sealed.
:'''Caterpillar:''' I'm afraid attempting to access the lowest level will trigger their activation sequences.
:'''Seymour:''' Your guess is correct. I've checked. These clockwork meka can indeed still be activated.
:'''Seymour:''' In other words, there's also a possibility that they will fail to activate.
:'''Paimon:''' They've been here for all these years?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Well, this is the first time in all these years that the [[Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz (Search in the Algae Sea)|Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz]] has been restored.
:'''Caterpillar:''' If the design from back then is accurate, the Holy Blade itself is the key that will open the final Seal.
:'''Caterpillar:''' If everyone's ready, let's get started.

;(Talk to Caterpillar, optional)
:'''Caterpillar:''' Let's go. The final juncture awaits.

;(Talk to Seymour, optional)
:'''Seymour:''' When the two of you are attacked, my permissions will activate, authorizing me to take action against official armed forces.
:'''Seymour:''' As such, there is no need for concern.

;(Talk to Ann, optional)
:'''Ann:''' Let's bring this to an end.

;(Activate the mechanism)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, it feels like the floor is moving...
:'''Caterpillar:''' It's the beginning of the end.

;(A short cutscene plays &mdash; the Tower of Ipsissimus begins to sink)

;(After defeating the meka)
:;(A short cutscene plays &mdash; the Tower of Ipsissimus continues to sink until it reaches the sea floor)
:'''Ann:''' Knight {{Traveler}}, Paimon, Caterpillar, Seymour... Is everyone alright?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Yes, it seems that we can now proceed deeper down.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Let's go, while there's still time.
:'''Paimon:''' But there's still a bunch of clockwork meka here...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Go, now! Leave this area to Seymour and I. We'll regroup at the Narzissenkreuz Ordo.
:{{DIcon}} Good luck.
:'''Seymour:''' There is no need to worry about us. My combat assessment shows a 100% chance of survival.
:{{Black Screen|You nod to Caterpillar and Seymour, and then you leap through as the seal drops.<br>And on the other side, you find...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like Caterpillar and Seymour are stuck on the other side...
:'''Ann:''' Seymour, Caterpillar...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry about them, Ann. They're strong! Besides, we agreed that we'd meet back up at the Ordo after all this is over, didn't we?
:'''Paimon:''' And don't forget, we're both here with you!
:'''Ann:''' ...You're right, Paimon. I've seen how strong, smart, and kind you both are. There's nothing to fear with you two here.
:'''Ann:''' Nothing to fear at all!
:'''Paimon:''' (That said, Paimon's a little scared herself...)
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing to worry about.
::{{DIcon}} We have to keep moving forward.
:{{DIcon}} There's no hardship we can't overcome.
::{{DIcon}} We have to keep moving forward.
:'''Paimon & Ann:''' Okay!
:'''Paimon:''' There's no telling what we'll run into next... Let's be careful!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/d6Aop1H_iQM
|caption1 = Savior's Wake Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|Transclude = Savior's Wake
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}