{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Savoring the Breeze
|image             = Savoring the Breeze.png
|type              = Web
|group             = <!--Flagship/Login/Submission-->
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-04-29 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-05-06 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/27880536
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240429business-ad4okq/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Antila;Arlecchino;Arouet;Furina;Heinry;Liben;Mela;Muirne;Navia;Neuvillette;Paimon;Salsa;Traveler;Xavier
}}
{{Description|Come make some drinks and enjoy the gentle breeze~}}
'''Savoring the Breeze''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.6]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* April 29, 2024 – May 6, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

===Requirements===
* [[Adventure Rank]] 10

===Summary===
* During the event, log in to [[Genshin Impact]] daily, claim [[Daily Commission]] Rewards, consume [[Original Resin]], and complete other missions to obtain Inspiration. Inspiration can be used to create various drinks with different recipes based on customers' preferences. Accumulate positive ratings from customers to obtain [[Primogem]]s and other rewards.

===Making Drinks===
* After obtaining Inspiration, players can check the hints given by different customers at the trailer and try to figure out the correct recipe based on the hints. Each drink requires three ingredients, one each from the Base, Adjunct, and Flavoring areas.
* Some customers come with a special ingredient, and while making their requested drinks, players must add the corresponding special ingredient.
* Drag the completed drink to the customer to receive feedback on whether the recipe is correct. If the recipe is correct, 10 Inspiration will be deducted, and players will receive 1 positive rating from said customer. If the recipe is incorrect, the customer will provide a more detailed hint! (No Inspiration will be deducted at this point.)
* There is no limit to the supply of ingredients. Players can try making different drinks as many times as they want.
* Unlocked recipes can be found in the "Drinks Menu" of the archive.
** If players exit in the middle of the making process, the progress of the drink currently being made will not be saved.

===Obtain Inspiration===
Players can obtain Inspiration through the following methods:

* Complete the following actions in Genshin Impact every day, including: log into Genshin Impact every day, consume 40 Original Resin daily, etc.
* Complete the following actions on the website, such as: logging into the web event daily, etc.
* Daily missions refresh daily at 04:00 (Server Time).
** Inspiration need to be collected manually in the event page. Inspiration that have not been collected will also be reset when daily quests are refreshed the next day.
** If Players try to visit the event at around 04:00 (Server Time), which is when the daily missions refresh, they may encounter a brief network error. Please refresh the page if this error is encountered.

===Mission List===
* Log in to Genshin Impact daily (30 Inspiration)
* Claim Commission Rewards 2 times daily (10 Inspiration)
* Use 40 Original Resin daily (10 Inspiration)
* Login to the web event daily (20 Inspiration)
* Join the Genshin Impact Discord server (10 inspiration)
* Cutscene Animation: "Cinder of Two Worlds' Flames" | Genshin Impact (10 inspiration)
* Cutscene Animation: "Execution" | Genshin Impact (10 inspiration)

==Total Rewards==
{|class="article-table tdc1"
!Positive Ratings
!Rewards
|-
|2
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*10;Mora*30,000}}
|-
|7
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*20;Hero's Wit*5}}
|-
|12
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*20;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10}}
|-
|19
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*30;Mora*40,000}}
|-
|24
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Hero's Wit*5}}
|}
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 120
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 10
|Hero's Wit = 10
|Mora = 70,000
|sort  = Primogem, Mystic Enhancement Ore, Hero's Wit, Mora
}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Savoring the Breeze
|zhs     = 微风饮游
|zhs_rm  = Wēifēng Yǐnyóu
|zht     = 微風飲遊
|zht_rm  = Wéifēng Yǐnyóu
|zh_tl   = A Gentle Breeze, Drinks Along the Journey
|ja      = そよ風とドリンクの旅
|ja_rm   = Soyokaze to Dorinku no Tabi
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 바람 따라 미식 여행
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Viaje de bebidas refrescantes
|es_tl   = Journey of Refreshing Drinks
|fr      = Boissons dans la douce brise
|fr_tl   = Drinks in the Soft Breeze
|ru      = Освежающий бриз
|ru_tl   = Refreshing Breeze
|th      = ดื่มด่ำไปกับสายลม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hương Vị Của Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = In der sanften Brise
|de_tl   = In the Gentle Breeze
|id      = Embusan Angin Kaya Rasa
|id_tl   = Flavourful Breeze
|pt      = Jornada Refrescante
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İç Bir Yudum, Ferahla
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Viaggio di sapori rinfrescanti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[es:Viaje de bebidas refrescantes]]
[[fr:Boissons dans la douce brise]]
[[pt-br:Jornada Refrescante]]
[[ru:Освежающий бриз]]