{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Sayu
|id             = 368136
|image          = Character Sayu Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Sayu''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Zzzz...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I wanna grow taller...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} So... sleepy...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} No one's around, right...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Recharge energy...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} ...*yawn*
: {{DIcon|Idle}} ...Hi.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo sayu mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ...*yawn*, (Traveler)
:{{A|vo sayu mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ... Hi...
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Well, I slept very well.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I don't have to worry about being called to work all of a sudden.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Even if I sleep all the time, it's okay.
::{{DIcon}} It's great that you like it here.
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship1 04a_1.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Of course. And there are no wild tanuki here.
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship1 04a_2.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I like this place a lot.
::{{DIcon}} You can come more often.
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship1 04b_1.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Okay, thank you.
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship1 04b_2.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Then this will be my first choice when I skip... I mean, when I have a day off from work.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to chat?
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sure.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'll try to stay awake...
::{{DIcon}} Did you get enough sleep?
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 03a_1.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Now that you ask, I'm getting a little sleepy again...
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 03a_2.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ... *yawn*
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 03a_3.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, I have to power through it...
::{{DIcon}} If you're sleepy, go lie down.
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 03b_1.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, I'm okay...
:::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 03b_2.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn*... I don't want to sleep yet...
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If I fall asleep while I'm with you... I'll be wasting precious time.
::{{DIcon}} What about your work?
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's okay...
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' My work is just a bunch of meaningless little chores.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's not as meaningful as staying here.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I can sleep, and I can chat with you...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If you have the time...
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Would you like to plant a tree with me?
::{{DIcon}} Plant a tree?
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, let's plant a big one!
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Bigger than all those trees outside.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I can teach you some ninjutsu using leaves.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, and they are all escape techniques...
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Um, because escaping is very important! Especially when going up against really strong enemies!
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I don't want to see you get hurt...
::{{DIcon}} Then I'll be counting on you to teach me.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No problem.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' After that, we can climb up the tree for a rest.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sitting on the trunk, enjoying the wind...
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn*... Just thinking about it... makes me a little sleepy.
::{{DIcon}} Good night, Sayu.
::{{DIcon}} Sweet dreams, Sayu.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Likewise, (Traveler)
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn*...I hope I dream of you every time I fall asleep...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ...Morning? It's morning already?
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Umm, I'm still sleepy.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Sayu.
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Good night, (Traveler)
::{{A|vo sayu mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I hope you sleep just as soundly as I do.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Eternal Domain of Fleeting Dreams===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq sayu bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Seems like this would make a good safehouse.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq sayu bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Y'know, somewhere where it's safe to snooze away undetected.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq sayu bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I really like it here. Thanks!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Rural Concealment===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq sayu village 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The terrain in this village is pretty complex. I definitely wouldn't get found if I took a nap here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq sayu village 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The buildings are just the right height, too. I should be able to practice my escape techniques...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq sayu village 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ah, this place is so great...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Sayu/Compagnia]]
[[ja:早柚/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Саю/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Sayu/Konaklama]]