{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Scarlet-Eyed Hero.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|element          = Pyro
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|affiliation2     = The Seven
|title            = Pyro Archon
|title2           = God of War
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
The unnamed '''scarlet-eyed youth''', also known by his {{w|Goetic}} name '''Haborym''' and bearing the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name||'''Kiongozi'''|bearer=1}}, is a historical character from [[Flower-Feather Clan|Tlalocan]],<ref name="Astral">{{Ref/Weapon|page=Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage}}</ref> and the second [[God]] of War and [[Pyro Archon]] of [[Natlan]] following [[Xbalanque]].<ref>Interactable: [[Furnace of Fiery Embers#Nameless Traveler's Notes (V)|Nameless Traveler's Notes (V)]]</ref>

He led the heroes who rose up against the insane king [[Och-Kan]], and after completing his duty, he "returned to the [[Sacred Flame|sacred flames]]."<ref name="Crownless">{{Ref/Arti|Crownless Crown}}</ref> He requested that the [[Children of Echoes|Nanatzcayan]] Chief [[Sakkuk]] remove his name from history to inspire others to take on his mantle.<ref name="Astral" />

==Profile==
During the rule of [[Och-Kan]], King of the [[Ochkanatlan (Civilization)|Cinder City]], those who were sympathetic towards the [[Saurian]]s were persecuted. The scarlet-eyed youth of the Flower-Feather Clan was one such person, so the tribe elder banished him in an attempt to help him escape capture.<ref name="Astral" />

It is said that, in a time when "pitch-black darkness [...] seized the depths,"<ref name="Crownless" /> he was guided through many trials and endured "countless calamities." For his final test, he dug out his own heart with a golden dagger, confronting his own mortality just as Xbalanque once did. His self-sacrifice &mdash; then considered an honor reserved for victors &mdash; was acknowledged, and he was allowed to "return from the [[Night Kingdom|kingdom]] where water flowed as rays of light."<ref>{{Ref/Item|Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Splendor}}</ref> This may have been his ascension to Pyro Archon.

He went on to gather heroes who would stand against Och-Kan. He was first joined by [[Sakkuk]], who was also infatuated with him, followed by the twin heroes [[Atawallpa]] and [[Waskar]]. To express his support for the hero's saving of the Saurians, [[Yupanqui]] aided him as well and brought up the [[Masterful Craftsman]], who had detailed knowledge of the ineffable city that the heroes needed.<ref name="Dark Fruit">{{Ref/Arti|Dark Fruit of Bright Flowers}}</ref>

When it came time for the rebellion, he "summoned the god's fiery wrath" to burn down the ineffable city, liberating the Flower-Feather Clan.<ref name="Moment">{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Attainment}}</ref>

===Appearance===
The scarlet-eyed youth is described as a young man.
<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Scarlet-Eyed Hero
|zhs      = 赤瞳的英雄
|zhs_rm   = Chìtóng de Yīngxióng
|zht      = 赤瞳的英雄
|zht_rm   = Chìtóng de Yīngxióng
|zh_tl    = Red-Eyed Hero
|ja       = 赤い瞳の英雄
|ja_rm    = Akai Hitomi no Eiyū
|ja_tl    = Red-Eyed Hero
|ko       = 붉은 눈동자<->의 영웅
|ko_tl    = Red-Eyed Hero
|es       = Joven de ojos escarlata
|es_tl    = Scarlet-Eyed Youth
|fr       = Héros aux yeux écarlates
|fr_tl    = Scarlet-Eyed Hero
|ru       = Герой с алыми глазами
|ru_tl    = Hero with Scarlet Eyes
|th       = ผู้กล้าดวงตาสีแดง
|vi       = Anh Hùng Mắt Đỏ
|vi_tl    = Red Eye Hero
|de       = Held mit roten Pupillen
|de_tl    = Hero with Red Pupils
|id       = Pahlawan Bermata Merah
|id_tl    = Red Eyed Hero
|pt       = Herói de Olhos Escarlates
|pt_tl    = Scarlet Eyes Hero
|tr       = Kızıl Gözlü Kahraman
|tr_tl    = Red-Eyed Hero
|it       = Eroe dagli occhi scarlatti
|it_tl    = Scarlet-Eyed Hero
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Joven de ojos escarlata]]
[[vi:Anh Hùng Mắt Đỏ]]