{{Stub|What's the formula for the Pyro damage?}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Exploration
|image        = Item Scarlet Quartz Wild.png
|area         = Dragonspine
}}
'''Scarlet Quartz''' is an item found in various regions throughout [[Dragonspine]]. It has special effects on the character that activate immediately when it is picked up, and does not exist in the inventory as an item. As such, it does not count for the "Mine 10 items" [[Battle Pass]] mission.

When picked up, it will reduce the [[Sheer Cold]] accumulation by 5% of the max, halt any further Sheer Cold accumulation, and imbue the character with its essence (essence transfers when switching characters), until it is used up or after 25s where the imbuement dissipates.

If an imbued character hits an entity in those 25 seconds, that hit will be imbued with the Scarlet Quartz, dealing a separate instance of {{Color|Pyro DMG}} alongside the regular damage to the enemy, consuming the imbuement in the process. The Pyro DMG inherits the active character's stats (including Level, [[ATK]], [[CRIT Rate]], [[CRIT DMG]] and [[DMG Bonus]]es), deals '''375% ATK''' as DMG, and applies 2 [[Gauge Unit Theory|Gauge Units]] of {{Pyro}}.

Imbued attacks can light up {{Color|Pyro}} sources such as campfires or cooking pots, as well as destroy certain {{Color|Cryo}} entities such as [[Ancient Rime]] and [[Resurgent Cryo Regisvine|Frost Thorns]], which only take damage from imbued attacks.

==How to Obtain==
Scarlet Quartz is similar to natural ores. It spawns near rock, and often with a rock body behind it. It is considered a {{Color|[[Geo Constructs|Geo Construct]]}} similar to [[White Iron Ore]] and [[Starsilver]], subjecting it to standard damage multipliers for its category ([[Blunt Attack]]s will destroy it instantly).

As [[Ancient Rime]] can only be melted with Scarlet Quartz, Ancient Rime will always have Scarlet Quartz nearby, although occasionally the Scarlet Quartz will be far enough that after picking up the Scarlet Quartz, the player may find it easiest to land an attack using an [[Aimed Shot]] from a [[Bow]] character.

Scarlet Quartz found in the open world will respawn after 15s, unless they are involved in a puzzle, in which case the ones involved will only respawn after the puzzle is completed with the specific Scarlet Quartz in the vicinity that are used in the puzzle.

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1    = Item Scarlet Quartz 1
|caption1 = A character imbued with the Scarlet Quartz

|file2    = Item Scarlet Quartz 2
|caption2 = Lighting up a heat source with it
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Scarlet Quartz
|zhs     = 深赤之石
|zhs_rm  = Shēnchì zhī Shí
|zht     = 深赤之石
|zht_rm  = Shēnchì zhī Shí
|zh_tl   = Deep Red Stone
|ja      = 深紅の石
|ja_rm   = Shinku no Ishi
|ja_tl   = Deep Crimson Stone
|ko      = 적색의 돌
|ko_rm   = Jeoksaek-ui Dol
|ko_tl   = Red Stone
|es      = Cuarzo carmesí
|es_tl   = Crimson Quartz
|fr      = Cristal de sang
|fr_tl   = Blood Crystal
|ru      = Алый кварц
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Scarlet Quartz
|vi      = Thạch Anh Đỏ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Tiefroter Quarz
|de_tl   = Deep Red Quartz
|id      = Scarlet Quartz
|pt      = Cristal de Sangue
|pt_tl   = Blood Crystal
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[es:Cuarzo carmesí]]
[[pt-br:Cristal de Sangue]]