{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71145
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Scenarios for Study.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Su Ding; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mt. Tianheng]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Mt. Tianheng
|prev          = Commanders and Wargames
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Scenarios for Study''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Su Ding

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The cooperative wargame being hosted by the Millelith is almost over. But it seems like Su Ding still has something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Su Ding)
:'''Su Ding:''' Thanks to the both of you, {{Traveler}} and your most talented helper!
:'''Su Ding:''' In the course of observing these Wargames, we've seen all sorts of combat strategies put into practice and a wide range of complex scenarios that we can analyze and learn from.
:'''Su Ding:''' Now, we just need to broaden our model by taking into account the different types of soldiers and their special traits. We'll then be able to create a variety of scenario-based training manuals for different units to study.
:'''Su Ding:''' If the two of you are interested, I'd be happy to provide you with said manuals next time we meet. That way, you'll be able to try out different scenarios in your spare time.
:{{DIcon}} So that's it? It feels like we just got started...
::'''Su Ding:''' We know that the two of you are very busy, so we tried to cut down on the number of similar scenarios so it didn't get too repetitive. Of course, if you haven't had enough, you're welcome to come back and keep playing anytime!
:{{DIcon}} Finally finished! All thanks to m&ndash; I mean Paimon and me...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe... Paimon hasn't gotten her head around all the rules yet, but it was pretty fun! Seems like the results were good too!
:'''Su Ding:''' Anyway, on behalf of the [[Millelith]] General Staff and the representatives of all the other participating entities, allow me to express my sincere gratitude!
:'''Su Ding:''' With any luck, we'll get a chance to work with you again in future. That way, we shall get even better at wiping out monsters and securing our lands!
:{{DIcon}} I'd be delighted to help!
:{{DIcon}} Absolutely... if I have the time!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, everything's gone so smoothly. Not only did we manage to strengthen our connections with various groups we've met before, but we helped people all across Teyvat too!
:'''Paimon:''' Besides, Paimon's learned loads from watching you wargame.
:'''Paimon:''' If we have some time to kill at some point, maybe we can come back and test out some more scenarios...
:'''Paimon:''' Such as, uhh... If an Abyss Mage had to fight it out against the Great Snowboar King, who would win?
:'''Paimon:''' Or... Who has the hardest head, a Ruin Guard or a Geovishap?

;(Talk to Su Ding, optional)
:'''Su Ding:''' Thanks to your wargaming, most excellent commander, we've been able to compile a variety of different manuals that will provide great scenario-based training for soldiers of all ranks and specialisms. We are truly in your debt!
:{{DIcon}} I forgot to ask, you mentioned the Millelith General Staff...
::'''Su Ding:''' Oh, that's just what we tend to call it. After all, it hasn't actually been around that long.
::'''Su Ding:''' After the battle with [[Beisht]], [[Keqing|Lady Yuheng]] conferred with the other [[Qixing]] officers and decided it was high time to reorganize the Millelith's chain of command.
::'''Su Ding:''' Liyue's had no lack of military advisers since ancient times, but most commander-strategists would work alone. The wisdom and influence that any one individual can bring to bear is, in truth, very limited.
::'''Su Ding:''' Based on intel gathered from all over Teyvat, Lady Yuheng established this department as a way of bringing consultants and advisers together, streamlining the process of divvying up work.
::'''Su Ding:''' This way, advisers will get to analyze more accurate intel so that the battle plans they create can be as watertight as possible. They'll also be able to hand over their findings to the troops with greater precision.
::{{DIcon}} Not sure I understand...
::{{DIcon}} Ah, I see...
::'''Su Ding:''' It's alright. Given your status, I suspect Lady Yuheng will explain it all to you in terms both comprehensive and comprehensible the next time you see her.
::'''Su Ding:''' I also hope our intel will prove useful to you too, someday.
:{{DIcon}} Actually... What's "scenario-based training"?
::'''Su Ding:''' It's a concept that the Lady Yuheng has been promoting, a product of synthesizing intel from multiple sources...
::'''Su Ding:''' You can see it as a tool to help facilitate comprehensive assessment and training. It allows us to test a soldier's ability to organize, deploy, and command military forces from a variety of different angles.
::'''Su Ding:''' The manuals might make for dense reading, though. The assessment process is stricter than with these tabletop Wargames, but there's much to be gained from running through the scenarios.
::{{DIcon}} That genuinely sounds very useful...
:::'''Su Ding:''' As the saying goes, "a talented commander never passes up an opportunity to hone their skills." All those soldiers' tales of your heroism are true!
::{{DIcon}} I think I'll pass...
:::'''Su Ding:''' No matter. I've heard that you've had a lot of very important things on your plate recently. Maybe you'll be willing to come try it out when you have the time.
::'''Su Ding:''' Anyway, back to what we were talking about. Based on how these Wargames have panned out, writing up all the scenarios will likely be slow-going. I'll do my best, though.
:{{DIcon}} Very well, I'll leave you to it.
::'''Su Ding:''' See you next time!

;(Talk to Phonia, optional)
:'''Phonia:''' Looks like you're pretty much done, Honorary Knight. Our work here is almost finished too, so we'll be heading back to Mondstadt soon.
:{{DIcon}} How did the collaboration go?
::'''Phonia:''' Not bad at all. It's exposed a flaw in our current strategy &mdash; namely, that the long-range capabilities of our mobile forces seem to be somewhat lacking.
::'''Phonia:''' During the Wargames, we had multiple skirmishes with the clockwork meka of Fontaine. Though we did have units with heavy bows, they had great difficulty penetrating the thick armor of our opponents, so we had to get in close as much as possible.
::'''Phonia:''' But as a result, we lost the intel advantage that we'd expected our alchemical recon equipment to give us.
::'''Phonia:''' Seems like we're going to need the [[Amber|Outrider]]'s input on this one.
::'''Phonia:''' Or... Perhaps [[Ematol]] could make us some miniature explosives, which we could... attach to our arrowheads?
::'''Phonia:''' Yes... That sounds like it might just work.
:{{DIcon}} Safe trip back!
::'''Phonia:''' See you in Mondstadt, Honorary Knight.

;(Talk to Turenna, optional)
:'''Turenna:''' The Wargames are nearly over, Proto-Boss. Su Ding mentioned that your work all went pretty smoothly, yes?
:{{DIcon}} It did indeed! How's it all gone for you?
::'''Turenna:''' It's been great, we've gotten so much out of it!
::'''Turenna:''' In the Wargames, we came up against many highly mobile opponents, such as flying Fungi.
::'''Turenna:''' Weapons like muskets, which are slow to fire and require precision, aren't very effective against such foes.
::'''Turenna:''' To make up for this, we focused on improving our ability to implement rapid rotation tactics in smaller squads. Compared to our previous formation-based way of shooting, our combat style has become a lot more flexible!
::'''Turenna:''' All in all, these Wargames have helped us identify weaknesses in our tactics, so we now have a much clearer idea of what we need to work on. I'm pumped, to be honest!
:{{DIcon}} That's great. See you next time!
::'''Turenna:''' Yes, yes! And you're welcome to pay us a visit at the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol's headquarters at any time... if you can find it!

;(Talk to Sido, optional)
:'''Sido:''' We meet again, friend of the [[Cyno|General Mahamatra]] and the [[Dehya|Flame-Mane]]. It's a shame that we can't stick around and chat for a few more days &mdash; we're preparing to return to [[Sumeru]].
:{{DIcon}} How did the Wargames go?
::'''Sido:''' The longer we spent doing it, the more we felt we learned.
::'''Sido:''' For instance, we found ourselves facing monsters from Inazuma the likes of which we've rarely seen. Even with all our years of experience as mercenaries behind us, there was very little that could help us find an effective way to defeat them.
::'''Sido:''' In the end, it was only after seeing the offensive strategies being used by others that we suddenly realized what we needed to do. It was like a revelation!
::'''Sido:''' It must be said though, when you're pit simulated monsters against one another like this, as long as you analyze the scenarios carefully enough...
::'''Sido:''' There's always a way to ensure victory, even for a very averagely-equipped squad of [[Eremite]] mercenaries!
:{{DIcon}} Well then, see you in Sumeru!
::'''Sido:''' Hahaha, yes! Next time we meet, I'll invite my brothers, the Flame-Mane, and even the General Mahamatra if possible, and we'll have a proper get-together!

;(Talk to Kuromaro, optional)
:'''Kuromaro:''' Esteemed guests of the Commissioner, it will soon be time for us to depart homeward. Seeing how busy you've been of late, I did not dare disturb you. If I have been remiss, please accept my apologies.
:{{DIcon}} No need to be so formal. You were here for the meeting after all!
::'''Kuromaro:''' I am indeed here to learn, and thus it is only right that I should treat and address all the accomplished warriors present with the utmost humility.
::'''Kuromaro:''' Fortunately, I can say with confidence that my attendance will not have disappointed the Commissioner's expectations. In the course of this trip, we have learned much and recorded many key findings.
::'''Kuromaro:''' Based on these findings, the Shogun's Army will be able to focus on adapting their tactics, such that the vagrant ronin and bandits that roam our islands can be more efficiently dealt with...
::'''Kuromaro:''' I only hope that, when the time is right, you will have a chance to visit Inazuma once more and witness the fruits of our labor.
:{{DIcon}} The pleasure would be all mine. Please give [[Ayato]] and [[Ayaka]] my regards!
::'''Kuromaro:''' Your magnanimity has left a deep impression on me. I shall be sure to pass on your fine words to the Commissioner and Miss Kamisato!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Scenarios for Study
|zhs      = 解析与想定
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 解析與想定
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 解析と想定
|ja_rm    = Kaiseki to Soutei
|ja_tl    = Analyses and Hypotheses
|ko       = 분석과 시나리오
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Análisis y casos prácticos
|es_tl    = Analysis and Practice Cases
|fr       = Analyses et scénarios
|fr_tl    = Analyses and Scenarios
|ru       = Учебные сценарии
|ru_tl    = Training Scenarios
|th       = การวิเคราะห์และคาดการณ์
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Phân Tích Và Kịch Bản
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Analysen und Szenarien
|de_tl    = Analyses and Scenarios
|id       = Skenario Untuk Dipelajari
|id_tl    = Scenarios for Study
|pt       = Cenários para Estudo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Çalışılması Gereken Senaryolar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Scenari di studio
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

[[pt-br:Cenários para Estudo]]
[[ru:Учебные сценарии]]
[[vi:Phân Tích Và Kịch Bản]]