{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Scholar of Vines.png
|set   = Deepwood Memories
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|An emerald leaf as fluffy as a feather. Plucked from the raiment of a forest scholar.}}
'''Scholar of Vines''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Deepwood Memories]].

==Description==
Those were the years of the lord of the labyrinth...<br />
It is said that the most virtuous and visionary of the royal servants was a young girl who could understand the language of all beasts and read the poetry of moonlight.<br />
She guarded the silent forest, the still water that embraced the moon, and the endless hunting grounds at the very end of the dream forest.<br />
"We were born in the verdant royal forest. Our world is under the tree-shade and above the meadow."<br />
"That which comes from the forest must return to it. As long as we follow the laws of nature, then we shall not fear death."<br />
"For all those who follow nature must pass through the maze of the forest and reach that endless plain."<br />
Her teachings once inspired many children, but like the blood of tigers, it too would slowly grow thin...

Those were the [[Cataclysm|years of the ominous moon]]...<br />
They say that the blind boy followed in the footsteps of his [[Bloodstained Knight|white-armored brother]], traversing kingdoms, mountains, and rivers,<br />
At last becoming lost in the dark forest.<br />
He was obsessed with swordsmanship but was gentler than anyone. He was too dogmatic, but adhered to justice more than anyone...<br />
At the end of the everlasting, white phantom in his heart, what he discovered was a [[Hunter's Path|relic of the woods]], pure white as the moonlight.<br />
Later, there came [[Riftwolf|beasts]] that lusted after flesh and blood. When [[Viridescent|the huntress]] finally came to him, following the shimmering light of the white branches,<br />
He had already lost the power to make wishes, and the white form that once guided him had faded into darkness and disappeared...

Those were the years when the night was on the rise. Those were the years when dawn was still far-off.<br />
From the nightmare, the wise caught a glimpse of the [[The Black Sword|dark longsword]] and the red blooming in the water.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Scholar of Vines
|zhs     = 翠蔓的智者
|zhs_rm  = Cuìwàn de Zhìzhě
|zht     = 翠蔓的智者
|zht_rm  = Cuìmàn de Zhìzhě
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 翠蔓の知者
|ja_rm   = Suiman no Chisha{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Sage of Green Vines
|ko      = 푸른 덩굴의 현자
|ko_rm   = Pureun Deonggul-ui Hyeonja
|ko_tl   = Sage of Green Vines
|es      = Sabio de la Espesura
|es_tl   = Sage of the Thicket
|fr      = Érudit des lianes
|fr_tl   = Scholar of Vines
|ru      = Мудрец лозы
|ru_tl   = Scholar of Vine
|th      = Scholar of Vines
|vi      = Trí Giả Của Rừng Xanh
|vi_tl   = Scholar of the Green Forest
|de      = Weiser des Dickichts
|de_tl   = Sage of Thicket
|id      = Scholar of Vines
|pt      = Estudioso de Vinhas
|pt_tl   = Scholar of Vines
|tr      = Sarmaşıklar Alimi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Studioso dei rampicanti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Deepwood Memories}}

[[fr:Érudit des lianes]]
[[id:Scholar of Vines]]
[[vi:Trí Giả Của Rừng Xanh]]