{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.1]]
* Decreased energy cost from {{TCG Cost|2|Energy}} to {{TCG Cost|0|Energy}}.
* Changed skill used:
** {{Color|Old}}: Spirit of Omen's Awakening: Pyro Scorpion
** {{Color|New}}: Blazing Strike
* Updated effect:
** {{Color|Old}}: '''Combat Action''': When your active character is '''Eremite Scorching Loremaster''', equip this card.<br>After Eremite Scorching Loremaster equips this card, immediately use '''[[Spirit of Omen: Pyro Scorpion (Equipment Card)|Spirit of Omen: Pyro Scorpion]]''' once. <br>'''Spirit of Omen: Pyro Scorpion''' created by Eremite Scorching Loremaster with this card equipped will deal +1 DMG in Rounds when Eremite Scorching Loremaster has used a '''Normal Attack''' or '''Elemental Skill'''.<br>'''Spirit of Omen: Pyro Scorpion's''' DMG reduction effect can now be triggered twice per Round.
** {{Color|New}}: '''Combat Action''': When your active character is '''Eremite Scorching Loremaster''', equip this card.<br>After Eremite Scorching Loremaster equips this card, immediately use [[Blazing Strike]] once.<br>When your Eremite Scorching Loremaster, who has this card equipped, is on the field and after you use '''Burning Assault''' to defeat an opposing character: Add 1 '''[[Spirit of Omen: Pyro Scorpion (Equipment Card)|Spirit of Omen: Pyro Scorpion]]''' card to your Hand.<br>At the end of the Round: Generate 1 '''Scorpion Blessing''' stack.
----
[[Version 4.3]]
* Scorpocalypse was released.
<noinclude>
[[ru:Огневихрь скорпиона/История изменений]]
</noinclude>