{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Lore
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Yashiori Island
}}
'''Scribbled Notes''' is a set of interactibles found in [[Yashiori Island]], [[Inazuma]]. [[Anisa]] may be the author of these notes.

==Higi Village==
In the waters east of [[Higi Village]] (southeast of the Statue of The Seven), there is a stack of books on a rock. Upon approaching it, a dialogue option for Scribbled Notes will appear.
{{dialogue start}}
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' (The notes here are scribbled in from margin to margin, but many lines overlap over each other, making them all difficult to read.)
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...The mechanism here is very tricky. Perhaps some relics of the legendary 'Umibouzu' are buried beneath this place..."
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...If I can obtain them, it would surely be a great discovery in this nation's history. Pity, then, that these Inazumans do not cherish their own past..."
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "Next, I'll keep exploring the islands of Inazuma. Hopefully, a workable thesis will emerge before the special documents I got from the [[Kanjou Commission]] expire..."
{{dialogue end}}

==Jakotsu Mine==
The Scribbled Notes can be found underground, in the puzzle with the Electro Monuments. There is an entrance to the area from an opening in the village at [[Jakotsu Mine]]. On the World Map, it is located roughly east of [[Formation Estate]].

{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' (The notes are full of words scribbled messily by hand. Even the few blank spaces are filled with twisted charts. Any reader would sense that the writer's chain of thoughts is chaotic.)
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...I'm stuck. I may have found many signs... but theories cannot be proved by mere signs..."
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...Besides, the aura of the Raiden Shogun and the Serpent's remains is too strong, covering the traces that might belong to Umibouzu..."
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...The tales of monsters that I've collected in Inazuma before... have not been proven yet..."
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...This is such a headache. In getting the necessary documents from the [[Kanjou Commission]], I've spent my entire budget. I'll be in trouble if there is still no progress..."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Serpent's Head==
Within a [[Thunder Barrier]] in [[Serpent's Head]] there is a chest with a Scribbled Note.

{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' (These notes are full of scribbled writings. There are many words written in between the lines, too. Untalented writers tend to pad out their writing like this.)
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...This morning I had a nosebleed. The concentration of elements in the air is very dense... But there's something else that's disturbing..."
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "The locals call it [[Tatarigami]], but it is actually a fragment of some sort of god... I helped Mr. Kaji to identify several stone lanterns, which are supposed to neutralize the Tatarigami in the air..."
:'''Scribbled Notes:''' "...But the focus of my research is on these mechanisms... If I can make some progress here, perhaps I can persuade the Academia to open up the subject of Monsterology...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->