{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71108
|image         = World Quest Scrolls and Sword Manuals of Guhua.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mt. Lingmeng]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|poi           = Wangshan Hall
|area          = Chenyu Vale: Upper Vale
|subarea       = Mt. Lingmeng
|prev          = A Wangshan Walk to Remember
|next          = Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*25,000
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Scrolls and Sword Manuals of Guhua''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Mt. Lingmeng]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Enter the Arcane Archive
# Search the Arcane Archive
# Find the secret stashed in the Arcane Archive
# Activate the mechanism

==Gameplay Notes==
* In the third step the player needs to match the books to the frames by color, the colors can be viewed with elemental sight.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Uncover the secret left behind by [[Guhua]]}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Open the door to the Arcane Archive)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, it's completely rusted... It's next to impossible to get this thing open!

;(Read "Key to Martial Principles," optional)
:'''"Key to Martial Principles":''' I... Guhua... Aloof... Spear.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, is this... Some kind of talisman? No, there are some words faintly written on this...
:{{DIcon}} The handwriting looks like cursive script...
::'''Paimon:''' No, this is beyond cursive! Paimon can't read any of this!
:{{DIcon}} At least talismans have legible writing on them!
::'''Paimon:''' Well, yeah...

;(Read "The Three Snacks You Absolutely Must Try in Yilong Wharf," optional)
:'''"The Three Snacks You Absolutely Must Try in Yilong Wharf":''' (The colorful pamphlet describes the three most famous snacks in Yilong Wharf in great detail with pictures and words.)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's getting a little hungry looking at these. {{Traveler}}, do you want to try them out later?
:'''Paimon:''' ...Wait, why is this in the Arcane Archive?

;(Interact with the mechanism in the middle of the room, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, the mechanisms here don't seem to be reacting... Is there something else we should try?

;(Read "Guhua Notes")
:'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Practicing the Light Piercer technique. Destroyed all the dummies by mistake... No money or resources... I've got an idea. I'll tie straws together to make my own...
:'''"Guhua Notes":''' Gathering straw.
:'''"Guhua Notes":''' Tying straw. Exhausting.
:'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Practicing the Light Piercer technique. Destroyed all the dummies by mistake... I might as well train with the sword first.
:{{DIcon}} Continue reading.
::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Bored. As I sat before the courtyard, I felt slightly hungry... I pondered on what I saw the other day, and I suddenly felt enlightened. If I use the sword... (indiscernible) I'll call it Rain Cutter. I'll try it another day.
::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...I accidentally fell while practicing Rain Cutter. Luckily, it's nothing serious... I thought of an idea. Why not dig a deep pond below the piles? Not only will it prevent injuries from falls, but I can raise fish for food...
::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...I went to a fisherman and bought dozens of fish... I tried to cook them. Their deliciousness was unrivaled...
::'''"Guhua Notes":''' (The next ten or so pages are dedicated to detailed records of cooking methods for fish, and some are even paired with illustrations.)
::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Accidentally fell while practicing Rain Cutter.
::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Success.
::{{DIcon}} Continue reading.
:::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...The spear and sword must be wielded with the same mastery as... (Indiscernible. There is a comment from the 3rd Master beside it: second nature.) ... And that, is the truth... Yet there is none... How shall it be granted? How shall it be revealed?
:::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Renovate the library. Design... within, and...
:::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Look with the {{Color|buzzword|eyes}}, and combine {{Color|buzzword|scrolls of knowledge from all places}} with {{Color|buzzword|chambers of all corners}}, then...
:::'''"Guhua Notes":''' (The next few pages are smudged and unintelligible. There is a comment from the 3rd Master at the side: This advises future generations to read extensively.)
:::{{DIcon}} Continue reading.
::::'''"Guhua Notes":''' ...Recovered from injury. The little Bai kid visited with mutton and fish. Plump, delicious, and without any pungent smells. I asked for the recipe... Passed down the Life Ender technique... Recorded here.
::::'''"Guhua Notes":''' (The following pages contain detailed records of various methods of cooking mutton.)
:::{{DIcon}} I've had enough. It's such a mess...
::{{DIcon}} I've had enough. The training process isn't recorded at all...
:{{DIcon}} I've had enough of this nonsense...

;(After the player finishes reading "Guhua Notes")
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, there was also a line in that book just now that really bothered Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' It said something along the lines of "Observe it with your {{Color|buzzword|eyes}}." Could it be trying to say that we should use Elemental Sight?

;(Investigate the bookshelf with the unmarked frame, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (This bookshelf is full of martial arts novels for some reason. Though the contents are fascinating, they are probably quite useless for improving martial prowess...)

;(Investigate the bookshelf with the purple frame, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The books on this bookshelf are more or less related to the speed of "lightning"...)

;(Investigate the bookshelf with the orange frame, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The books on this bookshelf are more or less related to the blazing "summer heat"...)

;(Investigate the bookshelf with the blue frame, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The books on this bookshelf are more or less related to the enduring nature of "rain"...)

;(Investigate the bookshelf with the yellow frame, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The books on this bookshelf are more or less related to the robustness of "rock"...)

;(Complete the puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, the water level's dropping!
:'''Paimon:''' Did we... Did we actually find the [[Guhua Clan]]'s treasure after all? {{Traveler}}, let's go take a look!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Ipx3ob4P0CU&t=306
|caption1 = Scrolls and Sword Manuals of Guhua Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Scrolls and Sword Manuals of Guhua
|zhs     = 古华书剑谱
|zhs_rm  = Gǔhuá Shū Jiàn Pǔ
|zht     = 古華書劍譜
|zht_rm  = Gǔhuá Shū Jiàn Pǔ
|zh_tl   = The Guhua Manual of Books and Swords
|ja      = 古華剣術の書
|ja_rm   = Koka Kenjutsu no Sho
|ja_tl   = Guhua Sword Art Notes
|ko      = 고화 검보
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Antiguos pergaminos y el arte de la espada de Guhua
|es_tl   = Ancient Scrolls and the Guhua Sword Art
|fr      = Parchemins et manuels de Guhua
|fr_tl   = Scrolls and Manuals of Guhua
|ru      = Древние свитки и искусство меча Гухуа
|ru_tl   = Ancient Scrolls and Sword Art of Guhua
|th      = คัมภีร์ดาบ Guhua
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cổ Hoa Thư Kiếm Phổ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Guhua-Handbücher für Schriften und Schwerter
|de_tl   = Guhua Manuals for Writings and Swords
|id      = Buku Rahasia Pedang Guhua
|id_tl   = Secret Book of Guhua Sword
|pt      = Manuais de Pergaminhos e Espadas de Guhua
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Guhua Parşömenleri ve Kılıç Kılavuzları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pergamene e manuali di spada di Guhua
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}