{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Scylla.png
|title            = Fell Dragon Prince
|title2           = Bane Dragon
|titleRef2        = <ref name="Golden Bird's Shedding">{{Ref/Arti|Golden Bird's Shedding}}</ref>
|title3           = Dragon King
|titleRef3        = <ref name="Song of Stillness">{{Ref/Weapon|Song of Stillness}}</ref>
|type             = Open-World NPC
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation = Remuria
|deceased         = 
|group            = Dragons
}}
'''Scylla''' is an [[NPC]] in [[Sea of Bygone Eras]] and a Fell [[Dragon]] Prince who lived during the times of [[Remuria]], an ancient civilization that once ruled [[Fontaine]].<ref name="Golden Night's Bustle">{{Ref/Arti|Golden Night's Bustle}}</ref>

After Boethius' betrayal, he was sealed off at the entrance of Remuria's capital shortly before it was destroyed by the seas, trapping him for 2000 years. 

He is encountered and freed during the quest ''[[The Last Day of Remuria]]''. Scylla is marked with the {{Icon|Scylla}} icon on the [[Minimap]].

==Profile==
Not much is known about Scylla besides the fact that he ruled over a [[Bathysmal Vishap|"brutal race" of dragons born of the sea]].<ref name="Song of Stillness"/> According to [[Cassiodor]], Scylla was actually an unusually powerful Vishap who became ruler of his people, as the [[Hydro Dragon]] couldn't be reborn while his divine counterpart [[Egeria]] remained in hibernation.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Last Day of Remuria|quote= '''Monsieur Os:''' Well, "fell dragon" was the name they gave, but it was no more than a Vishap that was a teensy bit stronger than normal. After all, no new Hydro Dragon could be born so long as the Mistress of Many Waters hibernated in the deep sea.}}</ref> 

==Personality==
Scylla was an excellent leader to the vishaps, but held the view that Remurians were 'arrogant and foolish', delighting in Remus' plan of mounting an attack as a distraction. He is openly hostile to Boethius (unaware it was actually the [[Phobos]]), calling him a 'brazen, selfish traitor'<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Gradus ad Capitolium|quote='''Scylla:''' The "Eternal City," indeed... Remus's will protects this place still, just as I expected. No wonder that brazen, shameless traitor has endured even til this day...}}</ref> and a 'devil', claiming his words nothing but 'shameful lies'<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Gradus ad Capitolium|quote='''Scylla:''' I wish to never again hear a word from that devil's mouth. His words are a sham, and shameful are his lies. See that you do not fall for them!}}</ref>. He was also unafraid to call Remus 'selfish' and 'rash', as well as openly calling Egeria the 'Usurper of Many Waters' as opposed to the 'Mistress of Many Waters' like others did. 

Despite all of this, he was one of Remus' closest friends, and is quite pleasant with Cassiodor, the Traveler and Paimon. His courtesy even goes as far as to make the latter two promise to visit him after the destruction of Phobos. Naturally, he holds some curiosity towards [[Neuvillette]], yet fears he may no longer be classed as a Dragonborn due to the current state of the world.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Fortune Plango Vulnera|quote='''Scylla:''' Though, as one who was a prince amongst Hydro Vishaps, I should go forth and seek an audience with him... Though it is hard to say if I still count as Dragonborn now.}}</ref>

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
===History===
Scylla once served the [[Hydro Dragon]], but after the latter died, he was tasked to guard the prison of Egeria in the [[Primordial Sea]]. When [[Remus]], the God King of Remuria, visited the prison in order to ask Egeria how to overturn the [[Prophecy of Fontaine]], the two fought each other in a fierce battle for thirty days and nights until they were both exhausted. During that respite, Remus used music to tell Scylla the purpose of his visit. Scylla mocked the pointlessness of his pursuit, but agreed to take him to Egeria.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|The Grand Jape of the Turning of Fate}}</ref>

During the conflict between Remuria and the ancestors of Fontaine, Scylla appeared to have rebelled against his former ally and sided with the "barbarians". Scylla was assumed to have gathered an army of proto-Fontainians and vishaps known as the Dragonborn and charged towards Remuria, destroying towers and slaughtering musicians.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|page=Song of Stillness}}</ref><ref name="Golden Bird's Shedding"/>  When Scylla tried to breach Remuria's capital city, Capitolium, he had to pass through its protective barrier, the Initium Iani. Using the power of the Symphony that flowed through it, [[Boethius]] and his Harmosts were able to shut the barrier while the dragon tried to pass through it, allowing them to trap Scylla by turning him into stone, completely immobilizing him. <ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Last Day of Remuria|quote= '''Monsieur Os:''' [...]That is the barrier that separates the inner and outer parts of the capital, and the Symphony weaved by the Sebastos and the musicians which covered all of Remuria passed through the Initium Iani and its golden waterways. Boethius and his legions used this fact to shut the Initium Iani, thus finally sealing the evil dragon.}}</ref> In the aftermath of Scylla's attack on the capital, Boethius ordered the destruction of all the "barbarian tribes," which plunged the kingdom into ceaseless war and rebellion and abruptly ended its golden age. Later on, it would be revealed that Scylla's invasion plan was conspired between him and Remus. 

The agony of the proto-Fontainians awoke the sleeping Remus,<ref name="Golden Bird's Shedding"/> who realized his wrongdoing as Remuria was being destroyed and gave his final order in an attempt to save the empire. However, it was too late — Boethius (corrupted by the 'Phobos') saw his retreat as a betrayal and rallied the last of Remuria's armies to steal the golden Ichor and further seal Scylla underneath the tall tower with it.<ref>{{Ref/Item|page=Golden Goblet of the Pristine Sea}}</ref> Remus, Boethius and Scylla were all swept away with Remuria and its people by an "inexorable storm," which sank the kingdom underwater.<ref name="Golden Night's Bustle"/>

Scylla, unlike most of the Remurians, survived, but remained sealed in Capitolium and [[Machimos]]' ruins for 2000 years.

===Present Day===
During the events of the World Quest [[Canticles of Harmony]]: Second Movement - ''[[The Last Day of Remuria]]'', Scylla is liberated by the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]] and [[Cassiodor]] (possessing [[Osse]]) to help them defeat 'Boethius'. Scylla would break the seal over the [[Initium Iani]] and grant the group access to the [[Alta Semita]], where he'd choose not to confront 'Boethius', lest risk losing Remus' finale symphony. When Cassiodor is captured by 'Boethius', the Traveler asks Scylla to use Remus' final symphony to break into the [[Domus Aurea]] and destroy the 'Phobos', to which Scylla accepts.

During this time, Scylla reveals (following a vision) that their rebellion was actually a plan by Remus to distract 'Boethius' and destroy the symphony, thus liberating the Remurians from their stone bodies. In turn, it would fall to Scylla to control the 'primordial, savage energies that he would awaken' after his death<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Gradus ad Capitolium|quote='''Scylla:''' He was to sacrifice himself to unleash the symphony's power, and it would fall to me to control the primordial, savage energies that he would awaken.}}</ref>. Sadly, this plan failed in some regards, as Phobos found what was to occur. The Phobos would send Scylla's forces into a trap and seal the vishap, leaving Remus' Requiem to only destroy the physical kingdom, and not free their people. Scylla rationalizes that by helping the Traveler defeat 'Boethius' once and for all, he would be able to redeem himself for not honouring Remus' sacrifice.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Gradus ad Capitolium|quote='''Scylla:''' Perhaps, but now that my soul has been freed, there is a chance to make amends.}}</ref>

The trio ultimately succeed in playing Scylla's part of the requiem and allow the Traveler to destroy the 'Phobos', freeing the Remurian souls and allowing Cassiodor to pass on. After being informed of the outcome, Scylla would take the Traveler, Paimon and Osse (who Cassiodor had left) back to [[Petrichor]], leaving them by the beachside. Before returning to the seas, Scylla voices his intention to meet the [[Neuvillette|new Sovereign of Water]] at a later point, and makes the Traveler promise to visit him, as all souls of Remuria have finally returned to 'the High Seas'.

===Legacy===
Years after the fall of Remuria, a vishap who fought for Scylla made peace with an archer in the abyss, finally ending the war between vishaps and Remuria's survivors.<ref name="Song of Stillness"/>

==Thoughts==
After selecting {{Icon|Scylla}} Summon the current..., Scylla can comment on specific targets while aiming.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(While aiming at [[Collegium Phonascorum]] or the mural at Alta Semita)
:'''Scylla:''' Yes. The power of the "symphony" remains in this place &mdash; I can feel it...

;(While aiming at Domus Aurea, before completing step 3 of ''[[Fortune Plango Vulnera]]'')
:'''Scylla:''' Though it was a creation of an usurper-lord of humanity, it was still imbued with great ideals... To think that a demon now has mastery over it...

;(While aiming at Domus Aurea, after completing step 3 of ''Fortune Plango Vulnera'')
:'''Scylla:''' In the past, Ichor would flow from the great palace, through this waterway, and into the great lake in the far north. I once swam in those waters...

;(While aiming at an [[Wonderchime Flowers and Allochromatic Anemones|Allochromatic Anemone]])
:'''Scylla:''' Thanks to the existence of the "Symphony," these wonderous creatures whose source of sustenance is the power of music itself have evolved in the depths of the sea...

;(While aiming at an [[The Auric Anglerfish!|Auric Anglerfish]])
:'''Scylla:''' Those mad believers of Collegium Phonascorum once tried to incorporate nonhuman creatures under the control of the Golden Symphony. To this end, they built twisted creations...

;(While aiming at a [[Swaying Eels in the Coral Reefs]] puzzle)
:'''Scylla:''' Eels are creatures that are already quite sensitive to music, and so these coral reefs are a paradise for them...

;(While aiming at a [[Washer Octopus]])
:'''Scylla:''' These little ones are so noisy I simply cannot get a good rest. Can you make them go where they belong?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
;''Available after completing Canticles of Harmony.''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Scylla:''' Ah, {{Traveler}}, you've come to see me?
:{{DIcon}} How are you doing, big guy?
::'''Scylla:''' I must thank you for defeating that demon and allowing the remaining souls to transcend. These deep waters are far more tranquil now.
::'''Scylla:''' Still, the dearth of those strange noises makes sleep a more tempting prospect, haha!
:{{DIcon}} We're good.
::'''Scylla:''' Very well. Don't you forget to think about me more often, now!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Prince of Dragonborn: Scylla}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*{{w|Scylla}} is a sea monster from Greek mythology that lives on one side of a narrow channel of water alongside her counterpart, {{w|Charybdis}}. The name Charybdis is invoked in the location [[Fort Charybdis Ruins]], a former territory of Remuria. The idiom "{{w|Between Scylla and Charybdis}}" has also come to mean having to choose between the lesser of two evils.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Scylla
|zhs     = 斯库拉
|zhs_rm  = Sīkùlā
|zht     = 斯庫拉
|zht_rm  = Sīkùlā
|ja      = スキュラ
|ja_rm   = Sukyura
|ko      = 스킬라
|es      = Escila
|fr      = Scylla
|ru      = Сцилла
|th      = Scylla
|vi      = Scylla
|de      = Scylla
|id      = Scylla
|pt      = Scylla
|tr      = Scylla
|it      = Scylla
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}