{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Sinae Unicornis Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Sinae Unicornis Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Ganyu
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]]
}}
'''Sea of Clouds, Sea of People''' is the first act of [[Ganyu]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Sinae Unicornis Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|A New Star Approaches}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] assists a conflicted Ganyu to help her find her purpose between her mortal job at Jade Chamber or an adeptus oath by her qilin blood.

==List of Quests==
# [[The Illuminated Beast of the Sea of Clouds]]
# [[A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity]]
# [[A Pact That Crosses Time]]

==Summary==
;The Illuminated Beast of the Sea of Clouds
Arriving at Yujing Terrace, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] find [[Ningguang]]'s three secretaries, [[Baixiao]], [[Baishi]] and [[Baiwen]]. The three ask if they have seen [[Ganyu]], who is delivering a letter to [[Jueyun Karst]] from the [[Liyue Qixing]] to pay their respects to the [[adepti]] and update them with the latest news, but she has not reported back in the past few days and that the tasks she left behind need to be attended to. The work she does alone has overwhelmed the three, as it's far more than what they are normally used to. They believe she is at Jueyun Karst and ask the Traveler to find Ganyu for them.

The Traveler and Paimon catch up to Ganyu, who believes that her qilin blood makes her unwelcome in Liyue and due to seeing Ningguang's secretaries temporarily doing her work, misunderstood the situation and believes that she has been replaced. The conversation is interrupted by the [[Cloud Retainer]], who tells the Traveler and Paimon about Ganyu's childhood in an attempt to relieve the awkward tension, but it only makes Ganyu leave in embarrassment. The Cloud Retainer explains Ganyu's past to them and she is concerned that relocating to Jueyun Karst would not be good for Ganyu's human side, but overheard her saying that she feels a separation of sorts between herself and humans, even when surrounded by then. Cloud Retainer has set up a trial for her near [[Mt. Aocang]] at her request.

Arriving at the mountains, Ganyu completes the Cloud Retainer's challenge, showcasing her adepti skills. After completing the challenge, they meet with [[Xiao]] at [[Nantianmen]]. The Yaksha is slightly annoyed with her tardiness, but notes that her half-human and adepti heritage is causing inner conflict. His trial involves having Ganyu defend a Ley Line monolith from various wildlife, which she successfully completes.

The Yaksha tells her that only she can determine her own effort and prepares to increase the difficulty of her training, just as he spots someone coming towards them. Now completely annoyed, he tells her to deal with the human before leaving. The person, [[Xin Cheng]], is a pilgrim seeking the adepti's blessing for good fortune. Believing the three are adepti, he asks what blessings they can give him. Ganyu tells him that she is the only adepti and the Traveler are Paimon are accompanying her. As it becomes clear that what he wants is materialistic, she does not give him a blessing, stating that he needs to put in the effort himself. Annoyed that the advice is more like what his father tells him, Xin storms off, believing that Ganyu is useless as she refuses to bless him. With the pilgrim gone, Ganyu becomes saddened as it confirms her identity conflict. The Traveler persuades her to return to the harbor, which she reluctantly agrees to, stating that if it is not up to her expectations, she will return to Jueyun.
----
;A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity
Taking a stroll across the harbor, they meet [[Uncle Tian]], who Ganyu explains is actually the Tianshu of the Qixing. Tian asks for the pair's discretion as most don't know what his real job is and that he enjoys his life as-is without an armed escort, leaving him free to stroll about without drawing attention. Tian then tells her that his daughter, [[Huixin]], appears to be troubled by something and asks if she can assist, which Ganyu accepts as Huixin is her junior.

Meeting up with Huixin, she is delighted to see Ganyu, albeit upset that her father had sent her to help out. She tells them that while doing some tax audits, she found two stores, [[Second Life]] and [[Wanyou Boutique]], possess irregularities in their tax reports, but cannot get any clues from the owners. Believing they are driven by greed, Ganyu decides that the best course of action is to have the two expose each other, as they are rival businesses.

They decide to start with [[Bolai]] of Wanyou Boutique. He believes that they are about to place an order when Ganyu tells him that the store's credit is not enough to directly accept orders from [[Yuehai Pavilion]], and that they are better off going to Second Life instead. Bolai becomes angered at this and demands to see Second Life's tax report. Looking through the report, he notes that his rival, [[Dongsheng]], had bought a set of furniture to sell from Fanmu Carpenters but did not disclose it in his business taxes. Huixin and Ganyu believe that Dongsheng got rid of any paper trail.

Believing Fanmu Carpenters might have the invoice they need, Huixin returns to the pavilion, while Ganyu and the Traveler head to [[Qingce Village]], meeting up with carpenter [[Master Lu]]. He tells them that he did indeed get an order from Dongsheng, but the invoices are kept in a warehouse that has been occupied by some "troublemakers", asking them to clear them out. Before they leave, Ganyu spots a [[Fatui Skirmisher|Cryogunner Legionnare]] in the fields below, believing the [[Fatui]] are the troublemakers Lu was referring to.

The two proceed to attack the skirmisher, who manages to hold them off briefly before he is defeated. Ganyu begins questioning him as to why he is lurking around the village. Although initially hesitant, he eventually confesses that he heard reports of fresh berries in the area, catching the two completely by surprise. He further defends himself by stating that the village is not even a place of interest for the Fatui and that he came alone. Ganyu then realizes her intuition was off and apologizes, telling him he can file a complaint with the Ministry of Civil Affairs. The skirmisher realizes that his complaint would be ignored due to the Fatui's reputation in Liyue hitting rock bottom as a result of [[Tartaglia|Childe]] releasing [[Osial]], so he is forced to let the incident slide as he returns to picking berries.

Arriving at the warehouse, they find that the troublemakers are actually a group of [[Hilichurls]] and clear them out, retrieving the invoice in the process. They then return to Huixin. With all the evidence needed, the four confront Dongsheng about the tax evasion. Dongsheng eventually confesses and also learns from them that Bolai was the one who had tipped them off. Angered that his rival had dragged him down, Dongsheng decides to take Bolai with him too and tells them about his "dirty laundry", allowing Huixin to seal the case. Huixin thanks Ganyu for her help, who surprises her that it was actually a long-time tactic of Tian's that had helped him to retain his position and hoped Huixin shared his cunning. Huixin admits that she has much to learn from him and offers them a meal at [[Xinyue Kiosk]] to show her gratitude to the three.
----
;A Pact That Crosses Time
Inside, Huixin states that from her father's stories about Ganyu, she has looked up to her her entire life and that her own daughter has also followed in her footsteps as a secretary. As Huixin found that being a secretary was harder than she imagined, she requests that Ganyu be there to also help her daughter out in about 20 years. This causes Ganyu to realize that there are people who care about her and she has acted as a kind of living witness to Liyue Harbor and its people. She resolves to continue working with the Qixing, returning to the terrace to relieve Ningguang's secretaries of her work. The three are taking a brief moment of respite when Ganyu arrives, to their wholehearted relief. She thanks them for their work and tells them how to organize the documents in preparation for her. Before resuming her work, Ganyu thanks the Traveler and Paimon for accompanying her, as their companionship allowed her to overcome her inner conflict. She expresses a desire to travel with them once more in the future, but Paimon questions her as to when she could do so as she is always swamped by work.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Sea of Clouds, Sea of People|type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|zhs     = 云之海，人之海
|zhs_rm  = Yún zhī Hǎi, Rén zhī Hǎi
|zht     = 雲之海，人之海
|zht_rm  = Yún zhī Hǎi, Rén zhī Hǎi
|zh_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|ja      = 雲の海、人の海
|ja_rm   = Kumo no Umi, Hito no Umi
|ja_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|ko      = 구름의 바다, 인간의 바다
|ko_rm   = Gureum-ui Bada, Ingan-ui Bada
|ko_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|es      = Mar de nubes, mar de humanos
|es_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|fr      = Mer de nuages, mer d'hommes
|fr_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|ru      = Море облаков, море людей
|ru_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|th      = ทะเลแห่งเมฆหมอกและมนุษย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Fog, and Humans
|vi      = Biển Mây Rừng Người
|vi_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Forest of People
|de      = Wolkenmeer und Menschenmeer
|de_tl   = Sea of Clouds and Sea of People
|id      = Lautan Awan, Lautan Manusia
|id_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|pt      = Mar de Nuvens, Mar de Pessoas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bulut Denizi, İnsan Denizi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mare di Nubi, mare di gente
|it_tl   = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[de:Wolkenmeer und Menschenmeer]]
[[es:Mar de nubes, mar de humanos]]
[[fr:Mer de nuages, mer d'hommes]]
[[ja:雲の海、人の海]]
[[pt-br:Mar de Nuvens, Mar de Pessoas]]
[[ru:Море облаков, море людей]]
[[vi:Biển Mây Rừng Người]]