{{Character Infobox
|image            = Sea Gazer Mingxiao Lantern.png
|caption          = Mingxiao Lantern modeled after Sea Gazer
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Liyue

|affiliation      = Adepti
}}
'''Sea Gazer''' was an [[adeptus]] who lived in [[Liyue]], but died long before the events of the game.

==Profile==
{{Quote|Such is how the world works. What one may fail to do, two may succeed. I have spent much time gazing at the sea in leisure and have seldom exerted myself, but it is my pleasure to aid others in need.|Sea Gazer, to his thaumaturge friend|"Moment of Life or Death" video description}}
Sea Gazer, who did in fact enjoy spending his time gazing at the ocean, owned the [[Fantastic Compass]], a magical device used to seal away evil monsters. He eventually became friends with a thaumaturge and gave him the device to aid him in battle, working together to exorcise demons with the compass.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/C24nvloZZhE Perilous Trail Event Cutscene Animation: "Moment of Life or Death"] (video description)</ref>

Sea Gazer was very close with [[Mountain Shaper]] while he was alive.<ref name="interlude">{{Ref/Quest|Seagaze Sunset}}</ref>

==Story==
Little is known about Sea Gazer's history besides his former ownership of the Fantastic Compass and his friendship with both a mortal and Mountain Shaper. He built his [[Sea Gazer's Abode|abode]] in [[Lisha]], which contains "his rarest and most exquisite treasures," including a massive chunk of [[Sunset Vermillionite]]. If someone needed one of his treasures and retrieved it from his abode, he wouldn't have minded.<ref name="interlude" />

===Legacy===
As part of their efforts to rebuild the [[Jade Chamber]], [[Shenhe]], the [[Traveler]], and [[Paimon]] venture into Sea Gazer's Abode in search of his Sunset Vermillionite. At the end of the domain, the [[Seelie]] that the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], and Shenhe follow comes to rest alongside another Seelie that has already been settled in its Seelie Court; however, no details are given as to whom the Seelie may represent.<ref name="interlude" />

During the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]] of ''[[The Exquisite Night Chimes]]'', the Mingxiao Lantern was modeled after Sea Gazer.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sea Gazer
|zhs     = 鸣海栖霞真君
|zhs_rm  = Mínghǎi Qīxiá Zhēnjūn
|zht     = 鳴海棲霞真君
|zht_rm  = Mínghǎi Qīxiá Zhēnjūn
|zh_tl   = The Perfected Lord Who Resounds in Sea and Lives in Rosy Clouds
|ja      = 鳴海栖霞真君
|ja_rm   = Narumi Seika Shinkun
|ja_tl   = The Perfected Lord Who Resounds in Sea and Lives in Rosy Clouds
|ko      = 명해서하진군
|ko_rm   = Myeonghaeseohajingun
|ko_tl   = The Perfected Lord Who Resounds in Sea and Lives in Rosy Clouds
|es      = Observador del Océano
|es_tl   = Observer of the Ocean
|fr      = Scrute-Flots
|fr_tl   = Wave Scrutinizer
|ru      = Созерцатель Морей
|ru_tl   = Sea Gazer
|th      = จ้าวพิทักษ์ธารา
|th_rm   = Cao Phithak Thara
|th_tl   = Lord Who Protects Waterbodies
|vi      = Minh Hải Thê Hà Chân Quân
|vi_tl   = The Perfected Lord Who Resounds in Sea and Lives in Rosy Clouds
|de      = Fürst des tobenden Meers und der ruhigen Dämmerung
|de_tl   = Prince of Raging Sea and Serene Twilight
|id      = Sea Gazer
|pt      = Observador do Oceano
|pt_tl   = Ocean Observer
|tr      = Okyanus Gözcüsü
|tr_tl   = Ocean Gazer
|it      = Osservatore dell'oceano
|it_tl   = Ocean Observer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:鳴海栖霞真君]]
[[pt-br:Observador do Oceano]]