{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = World Quest The Farmer's Treasure.png
|type       = Quest-Like
|req        = [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|unlocks    = [[The Farmer's Treasure]]
|region     = Inazuma
|area       = Narukami Island
|subarea    = Jinren Island
|loc        = [[Jinren Island]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|characters = Ishikawa; Ogura Yuu; Ono; Paimon; Saimon Katsumi; Saimon Jirou; Traveler
}}
'''Searching for Saimon Jirou''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] on [[Jinren Island]] in [[Inazuma]]. This objective is required to start the {{Quest|The Farmer's Treasure}}.

==Steps==
# Optional Steps
## Check the [[Missing Person Bulletin Board]]s around [[Konda Village]].
## Talk to [[Saimon Katsumi]], just north of the southern [[Teleport Waypoint]] in [[Byakko Plain]].
## Talk to [[Ishikawa]] in [[Kujou Encampment]], just east of the Teleport Waypoint.
## Talk to [[Ono]] near the northern gate of the Kujou Encampment.
## Talk to [[Ogura Yuu]] at the watch tower to the south-east of the Teleport Waypoint in Kujou Encampment.
## Report back to Saimon Katsumi in Konda Village, just west of the southern Teleport Waypoint at his house.
# Head to [[Jinren Island]] and climb to the top of the largest island.
# On the top of the largest island, free "???" from the cage.
#* The key is in the tallest tree on the opposite end of the plateau.
# After a small cutscene, the player will be near the Jinren Island waypoint and will start a conversation with "???"
#* "???" reveals himself to be [[Saimon Jirou]]. He will tell the player to collect 4 [[Old Stone Slate]]s.
# Once the player has all 4 Old Stone Slates, ''The Farmer's Treasure'' will appear in the player's journal.
#* To get all 4 Old Stone Slates, the player must at least reach the {{Quest|Cleansing Defilement}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the Missing Person Bulletin Board)
:'''Missing Person Bulletin Board:''' It has been over a year since my son, Saimon Jirou, joined the army. He would write letters to us from time to time, and though he has not accomplished much of great note, he would relate everything that happened to him in the army, which comforted this old man's heart greatly.
:'''Missing Person Bulletin Board:''' The war has continued apace, and my son, who has accomplished little, has stopped sending any letters. This lack of contact has greatly disturbed and wounded this old man's spirit.
:'''Missing Person Bulletin Board:''' I beseech any who see the notice to help me search for my son. If you know of his whereabouts, whether he ekes out some existence somewhere or has had the fortune of dying for his nation, please let me know, that I may have peace in my heart.
:'''Missing Person Bulletin Board:''' If you have anything to discuss, I, Saimon Katsumi give you my sincere thanks.

;(Upon encountering Saimon Katsumi near the Byakko Plain waypoint)
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Ho there, youngster! I do not recognize your face. Did you see the notice as well?
:{{DIcon}} Are you talking to me?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Yes, haha. Does it appear like anyone else nearby is young?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Oh dear, where are my manners?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Well met, youngster.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' I believe you must have seen that notice earlier. As you may suspect, I am Saimon Katsumi.
;(If player has met Saimon Jirou)
::'''Paimon:''' (Hey, this has got to be Jirou's "long-winded old man," right?)
::{{DIcon}} (Shh!)
::{{DIcon}} (He seems pretty "long-winded," alright.)
::'''Saimon Katsumi:''' *cough* Is something the matter?
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? N&mdash;Nothing! Everything's fine!
::{{DIcon}} Nothing at all!
::'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Well then, allow me to continue from where we last left off...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' It brings me no small amount of shame to ask outsiders to help me find that useless son of mine...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' But please, do tell me if you hear of anything regarding him, alright?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' No matter if that little brat is alive, or... *sigh*
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Please tell me everything you know truthfully.
:{{DIcon}} I'll ask around.
:{{DIcon}} I'll be on the lookout.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' You have my thanks. Truly...
:'''Paimon:''' It's fine, leave it to us!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Ah yes, youngster. Let me also say that if you're able to enter and exit military camps... you could simply ask that lad's comrades-in-arms.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' There's another young lad who joined the army together with him. Ishikawa, I think his name was. A military family's son, and a reliable one at that.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' I'm sorry to have kept you here for so long. Still, if you receive any new, don't forget to swing by Konda Village and inform me.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Alright, I need to go back to the village now. Stay safe, youngster.

;(Talk to Saimon Katsumi again in Konda Village)
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' You've returned, youngster!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' How have things gone? Do you have any news?
:{{DIcon}} I'm still working on it.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Ah, to think that I've inconvenienced you so on account of my useless son...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Pick some of the fruits and vegetables around my house before you go. I am old, anyway, and there's no way I could finish them.
:{{DIcon}} About Konda Village...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' You mean our village? Well then, you've certainly asked the right man.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Our village gained its fame from producing dyes, and has been the Shogunate's very own dye production facility for as long as anyone records or remembers.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' When business was good in the old days, this place was an ocean of red and purple from here to Byakko Plain.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' It's a shame that this is not the case anymore... The young people have gone to the city to seek their fortunes, and with the war going on, we have even more trouble keeping people. We cannot keep them, and we cannot hope for their return.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Even my Jirou has... *sigh* I can only hope that he is doing well.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' But if you ask me if I regret sending my boy out to the battlefield...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Haha. We people of Konda Village have never regretted such things.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Our ancestors have never feared any foe, not even during the [[Archon War]] those millennia ago.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Half our young men went out to battle alongside the [[Kitsune Saiguu|divine kitsune]] in the war five hundred years ago, and they were all slain, never to return... they were also our ancestors.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Every person here is a descendant of samurai &mdash; descendants of the victorious dead and the survivors.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' No matter how long the peace or lengthy the prosperity, that memory will never fade.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' So... If dying for Her Excellency the Ogosho is to be our fate, we have no reason to refuse.

;(Talk to Ishikawa)
:'''Ishikawa:''' Outlander, what are you doing in the camp? This is a key military location.
:'''Ishikawa:''' ...Well, whatever. It's not as if we haven't seen any outlanders recently or anything.
:'''Ishikawa:''' If you're one of them "advisors" from [[Narukami Island]], look for Lord Masahito directly. He'll welcome you, I'm sure.
:{{DIcon}} Saimon Katsumi asked us to come here.
:'''Ishikawa:''' Sorry, I don't know a Sai&mdash; wait, you mean Saimon Katsumi?
:'''Ishikawa:''' Old Man Saimon from Konda Village? That's who you're talking about, right?
:'''Ishikawa:''' Ah, so you're a friend of... I see. My apologies, I was rude. Is the old man still well? I hope he's still spry.
:{{DIcon}} He's very worried about Jirou, his son.
:'''Ishikawa:''' Ah. Um, I see.
:'''Ishikawa:''' Well, we're quite worried about him too, to be honest...
:{{DIcon}} What happened to him?
:'''Ishikawa:''' Mm... Please don't tell the old man... And definitely don't tell Lord Masahito...
:{{DIcon}} My lips are sealed.
:'''Ishikawa:''' (He left the army...)
:{{DIcon}} What?
:'''Ishikawa:''' I mean, he deserted.
:{{DIcon}} Eh!?
:'''Ishikawa:''' (Quiet, you!)
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, what's so special about deserting anyway?
:'''Ishikawa:''' (You too!)
:'''Ishikawa:''' *sigh* This war is too much to bear.
:'''Ishikawa:''' We've fought quite a few battles against the rebels recently, and we've lost a lot of comrades. They were all our mutual friends...
:'''Ishikawa:''' Of course, Lord Masahito tried to help us settle our emotions a little, and has assigned us garrison duties as a result.
:'''Ishikawa:''' But the Lord Commissioner has been ordering him to send troops out, which must be frustrating him...
:'''Ishikawa:'''  Never mind. Back to Jirou, then... That fellow's always liked those stories about great bandits... "Konda Ikki" or something, that was his favorite.
:'''Ishikawa:''' When you add that up with his being tired of fighting this war... I think it's possible that he might have upped and left to join the nearby bandits...
:'''Ishikawa:''' I'm sorry, but that's all I know. If you want to know, you can go ask Ono. He should know more.
:'''Ishikawa:''' See that guy sitting over there, sighing and hanging his head? That's Ono, you can't miss him.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you very much.
:'''Ishikawa:''' You're too kind. Say hi to Old Man Saimon for me, would you?

;(Talk to Ono)
:'''Ono:''' Hello there, outlander.
:'''Ono:''' Are you one of those "advisors" sent by the Lord Commissioner to teach us how to fight our wars? If you are, you can just go look for Lord Masahito.
:{{DIcon}} Saimon Katsumi asked us to come here.
:'''Ono:''' Hmph. You outlanders have no manners. Mr. Saimon is well-respected around here. How could you address him without any honorifics?
:{{DIcon}} Apologies.
:{{DIcon}} Hmph.
:'''Paimon:''' You're not that polite yourself!
:'''Ono:''' ...Alright, I get it. This isn't the time to be arguing about manners.
:'''Ono:''' Since Mr. Saimon trusts you, I should, too.
:'''Ono:''' So, what can I help you with?
:{{DIcon}} About Jirou's whereabouts...
:'''Ono:''' Ah, him... he's probably gone off to become a bandit.
:'''Ono:''' Well, for a person of his character, being a bandit is freer than being a soldier.
:'''Ono:''' By the way, don't tell Mr. Saimon this, or he'll get mad.
:'''Ono:''' Jirou actually managed to convinced that scaredy-cat Ishikawa to desert together with him. He made it alright... But Ishikawa ending up eating detention barracks rations for quite a few days!
:'''Ono:''' But even that was because Lord Masahito was kind enough to cover this up and not report it to his accursed old man. If not for that...
:'''Ono:''' *sigh* Let's not even go there... Jirou really got Ishikawa into hot water, I'll tell you what...
:'''Ono:''' If it wasn't for Mr. Saimon, I'd smack him silly the next time we meet!
:'''Ono:''' Well, that's all I know about Jirou. Well, you're going to have to exercise some creativity to make that news a little less unpleasant for Mr. Saimon...
:'''Ono:''' Ah, right. If you'd like to know more, you can go ask Ogura. He's over there by the tower, and was on duty the day it happened. He probably saw more than I did, at any rate.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:'''Ono:''' It was nothing, don't sweat it.
:'''Ono:''' Also, could you not tell Lord Masahito about this?
:'''Ono:''' Jirou was annoying, sure, but this is a matter of life and death. We're not going to go there.

;(Talk to Ogura Yuu)
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' You're... an outlander?
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' May I ask... what you're doing here in the camp?
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' If you're not on important business, please leave. This is a key military site. Unrelated persons are not permitted to enter.
:{{DIcon}} I'm here at Saimon Katsumi's behest.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' Saimon...? Ah! You mean Saimon Jirou's father!
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' Sorry for my rudeness, I didn't know that you were here on the old man's request.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' I'm not very familiar with Saimon Jirou, but since his family is so worried, I'll do all I can.
:{{DIcon}} About Jirou's whereabouts...
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' That night, I saw him and Ishikawa fleeing northwards. So I followed {{sic|the usual our}} private protocol and sounded the alarm after 15 seconds.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' Usually, these few seconds would let you find a good spot to hide if you're lucky.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' But we never expected that Ishikawa would trip, flip, and fall out of fright... Well, we caught him on the spot.
:'''Paimon:''' Aw...
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' *sigh* That Ishikawa. I mean, you'd think that he would at least act the part of a samurai scion...
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' If I don't miss my guess, Saimon Jirou has probably fled to Jinren Island, the northernmost section of Narukami Island.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' Bandit who refuse to submit to the Shogunate have gathered there, and have increased in number due to the war.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' Now that our attention has been shifted to the Sangonomiya and away from them, they're getting all kinds of uppity ideas.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' The latest rumors even say that they've tried to set up their own independent nation, or declare a grand revolt against our great Ogosho... or some crazy nonsense like that.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' Well, we weren't very well aquainted, but I do hope that Saimon Jirou hasn't thrown with those fellows.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for sharing what you know.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' I'm just glad that I could help. I mean, everyone has family they miss.
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' Ah yes. Could you... refrain from reporting this to Lord Masahito?
:'''Ogura Yuu:''' The issue with the Lord Commissioner is already giving him enough of a headache. He really doesn't need any more trouble.

;(Talk to Saimon Katsumi again in Konda Village, after speaking to Ishikawa, Ono and Ogura Yuu)
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' You're back. Here, have a few {{sic|[[Lavender Melon]]}}... save them for the road, if you will.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Ah yes, as for young Jirou... Is there news of him?
:'''Paimon:''' (Uh, we should probably avoid telling him what's going on...)
:{{DIcon}} He's doing alright.
:{{DIcon}} He's just not at liberty to write to you.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Ah, is that so... If he is well, it is well.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Thank you. You've done well.
:{{DIcon}} O&mdash;Oh, it was nothing...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' This is good. Ah, my boy truly is a lucky lad. A lucky lad indeed!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Well then! What are you two standing there for? Pack up now, let's go!
:'''Paimon:''' L&mdash;Let's go...?
:{{DIcon}} Go where?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Come now! My boy Jirou has experienced so much hardship&mdash;I shall go send him some local specialties to pamper him a little!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' He must've gone hungry and thirsty many times on the battlefield. Indeed, he must be missing the food back home madly.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' And of course, I'll take the opportunity to drop in on Lord Kujou and ask him to "take care" of that useless son of mine, haha!
:{{DIcon}} H&mdash;Hold on!
:'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;Yeah... Please calm down, good sir!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Ah, but I am calm. In fact, I am glad! As I shall be, to see my son again...
:'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But, your son...
:{{DIcon}} The battlefield he's on is super dangerous!
:'''Paimon:''' Right! That's right! It's super dangerous there. Swords flashing as far as the eye can see, arrows falling like rain, and... and...
:'''Paimon:''' Cannonballs as big as Paimon falling down and exploding across the land!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' ...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' They couldn't be that large...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon speaks the truth.
:{{DIcon}} We barely made it back here ourselves.
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' I see... Well...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Didn't you just say that he's doing well?
:'''Paimon:''' He is, yes...
:{{DIcon}} Well, we do what we can to survive in war.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup... Yeah, that's right! Jirou's trying so hard on the battlefield. Paimon's sure he wouldn't want you to risk yourself for his sake, right?
:'''Paimon:''' It might be impolite to say this, but you wouldn't want to burden your son further when he's in such a tough spot already, right?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' ...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' You have a point.
:'''Paimon:''' Phew...
:{{DIcon}} Phew...
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' But I will still go!
:'''Paimon:''' What!?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Hmph! The Saimon Clan has ever been loyal! For 2,000 years we have bled for the Ogosho and slain countless evils!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Besides, these old bones have lived long enough. I shall fall in battle in Her Excellency's name. My honor shall not be my own &mdash; it shall also be Jirou's!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Just wait here: I'm going to get my heirloom gear, my glittering sword, and then I shall go out with Jirou to meet the foe. There, we shall&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Beat them witless?
:'''Paimon:''' Beat them senseless?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Aye, we shall beat the snot out of them!
;(By making a racket, you seem to have disturbed someone formidable nearby...)
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Old man! What are you yelling about? I'll bet they can hear you all the way over in Sangonomiya!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' You...! How do you know that? Have you even been there!?
:'''Saimon Eri:''' And so what if I did? I've had it up to here with you! You know what? {{sic|forget}} Sangonomiya{{sic|,|hide=1}} I'm going to [[Celestia]] next, and you're not coming along!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Fine! I've lived long enough myself! I'm about to go fight those rebel scum!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Jirou's finally become somebody! Not like you... It's always "this isn't normal, that won't do" with you...
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Hah! You? Go out and fight the rebels? You can barely sit down for a game of chess with the young people without talking their ears off about archon-knows-what. You're one to talk about "being somebody"!
:'''Saimon Eri:''' And let me remind you, you've never won a single one of those chess games!
:'''Paimon:''' (Uh, Paimon thinks we probably step in...)
:{{DIcon}} (Shh...)
:{{DIcon}} (Just let this play out.)
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Oh, so you think you can raise your voice at your old lady? Why don't you just try it, eh?
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Look at you! You can't even beat me in an argument! You get to that battlefield with cannonballs that size flying in, and we'll see how you disgrace the Saimon heirlooms and sword!
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' What do you mean, I can't beat you? I've just never... I've just never been serious!
:'''Saimon Eri:''' And if you can't get serious fighting your old lady, do you think you'll do any better against those rebels, huh?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' You...!
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Hmm?
:'''Saimon Katsumi:''' Just you wait, old woman! Just you wait!
;(Saimon Katsumi leaves in a huff)
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, should we go check on him? It wouldn't be good if he does something rash!
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Hah, don't you worry about him!
:'''Saimon Eri:''' ...He's gone back to his room to flip through a dictionary.
:'''Paimon:''' A dictionary...?
:'''Saimon Eri:''' He needs it to figure out how to beat me in an argument.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Hmph. Well, he's not talking to me for the rest of week, that's for sure.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' But that's better than him going out to the battlefield.
:'''Paimon:''' Is that right...
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Ah, and speaking of which, youngster from abroad...
:'''Saimon Eri:''' You lit that fire under the old coot's rear, didn't you?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh...!
:{{DIcon}} N&mdash;No, surely not...
:{{DIcon}} How did you know...
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Haha! Who were you trying to fool?
:'''Saimon Eri:''' And it's about that brat Jirou, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Well, let me guess. He's alive... But for some reason, you can't tell the old man what the situation is, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Hehe...
:'''Saimon Eri:''' *sigh* Youngster, lying is bad behavior.
:'''Saimon Eri:'''...That said, I'm in no position to say that you did the wrong thing.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Hehe, and I must say that it was thanks to your lie that I got to see that old fossil get more fired up than I've ever seen him.
:{{DIcon}} We're very sorry...
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Alright, there's no need to be polite. As it happens, I have a favor of my own to ask regarding that lad Jirou.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Go help me check on that child. Help us see if he's done something wrong or steered himself onto the wrong path.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' If he has, help us teach him a little lesson.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Jirou's always been a smart kid, but he's always been a little too pleased with his smarts, and it sometimes blinds him.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' I have no fear for him on the battlefield. He's always been good at surviving, no matter where he is.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' If he really did meet an unfortunate end... Well, I've long prepared myself for this. That is the nature of war, after all.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' I just... fear that he may get too full of himself, bite off more then<!--is this an in-game error or tx?--> he can chew, and wind up in a more dangerous position then he expects.
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:{{DIcon}} We'll help.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is... {{sic|we'll}} help you out!
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Alright. I won't hold you two here any longer...
:'''Saimon Eri:''' While you search for Jirou, I will help to hold the fort here with that old fool. Undo a bit of the damage you did, you know?
:{{DIcon}} You have our thanks.
:'''Saimon Eri:''' Ah, it should be me thanking you. I suspect that our tom-fool son has brought you enough trouble already.
:'''Paimon:''' You're too kind.
----
;(Approach the cage atop Jinren Island)
:'''???:''' Hey! You there! You look like a pair of stout hearts! Save me, please!
;(Interact with the cage)
:'''???:''' Finally, someone's here... Please, kind souls, get me out of here! I've been stuck here for several days now...
:'''Paimon:''' Sure! C'mon, let's bust this thing open in one go!
:{{DIcon}} Great idea!
:{{DIcon}} Stand back.
:'''???:''' Hey! Stop right there, stop!
:'''???:''' C&mdash;Can you guarantee that this won't hurt me?
:{{DIcon}} Not at all.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh come on, we're gonna save you first &mdash; everything else can wait!
:'''???:''' No! Don't! It's... it's too scary!
:'''???:''' And you don't have to be so reckless, I know where the key is!
:{{DIcon}} And you didn't think to tell us that first?
:'''???:''' You didn't ask!
:'''???:''' *sigh* If you're here to help, you should listen to what people have to say, at least!
:'''???:''' That key's in that tree over there. Just help me get it and open this cage.
:'''???:''' See that thing glittering over in that tree? That's where the key is.
:'''???:''' I'll thank you all properly once I'm out of here.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, you threw it pretty far, huh?
:{{DIcon}} How did you end up in here?
:'''???:''' It's... a long story, and this isn't the place to chat about that. Get me out of here first and then we'll talk.
;(If player has met Saimon Katsumi)
::{{DIcon}} Do you know where Saimon Jirou is?
::'''???:''' I&mdash;I do, yes! I'll tell you once I'm out!

;(Talk again to ???)
:'''???:''' I mean, the key's right there! What's stopping you from getting it.
:{{DIcon}} Well, stay in that cage a moment, will you?
:'''Paimon:''' Young lad, the world outside your cage has changed greatly since you last saw it...
:'''???:''' What?
:'''Paimon:''' We must continue to observe you. We must see if you have the qualities necessary to save this world.
:{{DIcon}} This is a "trial."
:'''Paimon:''' This "trial"... of perseverance!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon recognizes you! Lord, this is the very person you saw in your dreams!
:{{DIcon}} (Keep silent for dramatic effect.)
:'''???:''' Ugh, are you both done yet? Help me get that key already!

;(Talk again to ??? for the second time)
:'''???:''' Is this another "trial"?
:'''Paimon:''' We were just discussing the matter...
:'''???:''' Do you outlanders need to hold a meeting just to get a single key?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, but what if you are some sort of great bandit?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it would be safer if you remained inside that cage.
:'''Paimon:''' That's true... What if he starts growing super huge all of a sudden once we let him out, and he tears us to pieces and eats us, all snicker-snack-like?
:'''???:''' Hey! That's not what a bandit does!
:'''???:''' Also, what on earth is "snicker-snack"?
:{{DIcon}} He might be a werewolf.
:{{DIcon}} A snickery-snackery werewolf.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no! A werewolf! So scary...
:'''???:''' Are you two playing me for a fool here?
:'''Paimon:''' What a fierce werewolf!
:{{DIcon}} So ferocious!
:'''???:''' What are you two, children?

;(Talk again to ??? for the third time)
:'''???:''' The key is in that tree, so stop playing around already!
:'''Paimon:''' Come on, haven't you heard of "mental strength"?
:'''???:''' I just know that it has nothing to do with this cage.
:{{DIcon}} And that's where you'd be wrong!
:'''Paimon:''' First, you need to create an imaginary space.
:'''Paimon:''' Then focus your attention on the cage around you, and imagine it disappearing... and disappearing...
:{{DIcon}} Follow along, if you please...
:'''???:''' ...
:'''???:''' ...
:'''???:''' ...
:'''???:''' ...I've got it.
:{{DIcon}} Speak, young man.
:'''???:''' Talking to you is bad for my mental health.
:'''???:''' So, starting from now, I'm just not going to speak to either of you.
:'''Paimon:''' Aw, come on, don't be like that!
:'''???:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Did we say something wrong?
:'''???:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' What a weirdo...

;(Talk again to ??? four times or more)
:'''???:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, he's really ignoring us...

;(After interacting with the "Open" prompt and using the [[Cage Key (Jinren Island)|Cage Key]] to open it)
:'''???:''' Phew, finally, someone's here to rescue me!
:'''???:''' Thank you, thank you so much!
:'''???:''' But we can't stay in this place. Let's split up and get out of here!
:'''???:''' Ah, right. I know of a safe spot. Let me just mark it out for you over... here.
:'''???:''' Just look for me there, got it? Okay. Great. Bye!
:{{Black Screen|The strange person ignores everyone and leaves.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, wait a&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, he's gone off on his own. So rude!
:{{DIcon}} Well, we are a bit too close to the open sea.
:{{DIcon}} The bandits will spot up any moment now.
:'''Paimon:''' That's true. Let's get out of here first, then!
:'''???:''' If you hadn't gotten me out of that cage, those fellows would have turned me into a blood urchin...
:'''Paimon:''' What's a blood urchin?
:'''???:''' Hahaha. Oh right, the two of you are outlanders. You wouldn't know our local parlance.
:'''???:''' It's a very scary, ancient method of punishment. A very, very scary one...
:{{DIcon}} Very, very, very scary...
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, alright, Paimon doesn't wanna hear it! Ugh, why did Paimon even ask!?
:'''Paimon:''' No, wait. Actually, how did you know all this weird stuff, huh, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Hehe. Why don't you try to guess?
:'''Paimon:''' Hey&mdash;!

;(If player has not met Saimon Katsumi)
::'''???:''' Hahaha, alright.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' So you're called {{Traveler}}. My name is Saimon Jirou. Pleased to meet you.
::{{DIcon}} The pleasure is all mine.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm. That's right, we still don't know how you ended up in that cage.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Well, this is a bit embarrassing... But I was just trying to get some peace of mind from my naggy old father...
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Never thought I'd wander right into a nest of bandits and get myself kidnapped!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' If not for you, I'd be in mortal danger for sure!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Ah, yes, I forget. I should probably give you some reward for this deed. My apologies.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you're too polite...
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' So, as for the reward...
::'''Paimon:''' Yep, yep?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' I'm sorry, but I can't give it to you right now.
::'''Paimon:''' Come on, then why did you leave us hanging like that?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Whoa, no need to rush. Just slow down a bit and let me talk.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Well, I&mdash;I'm a professional treasure hunter.
::'''Paimon:''' Professional treasure hunter? Never heard of that...
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Uh, I mean, I'm someone who looks for treasure for a living.
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon's got it now!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' After some lengthy investigation, I've discovered the location of some treasure nearby.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' It's just that the treasury gate requires four stone slates to open.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh...?
::{{DIcon}} So you want us to run your errands for you?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' C'mon, don't be so hard up! If you bring the stone slates to me, and let me open the treasury door for you, I won't take a single [[Mora]]. The treasure will all be yours.
::'''Paimon:''' That's so fishy...
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' I mean, you did save my life! What's some treasure compared to that?
::{{DIcon}} I can't be sure if we can trust you...
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Hehe, ah, see I knew you'd be too kind to take it all.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' How about this, then? We'll split it thirty-seventy. Seventy for me, twenty for you, and we'll give that last ten to the [[Ogosho]] in taxes. How about that?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Why do we have to split the loot with the Shogun?
::{{DIcon}} You're not making any sense...
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' It's a huge treasury, you know? Even twenty percent is a sizable amount!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' And it's better than getting nothing, am I right?
::'''Paimon:''' Didn't you say that you weren't going to take a single Mora?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Hehe, that was a limited-time offer &mdash; you snooze, you lose!
::'''Paimon:''' This guy&mdash;!
::'''Paimon:''' We'll settle this score once we find that treasure, mark Paimon's words!

;(If player has met Saimon Katsumi)
::'''???:''' Hahaha, alright, alright. Don't argue.
::'''???:''' Ah, so {{Traveler}}'s your name. Pleased to make your acquaintance.
::{{DIcon}} The pleasure is all mine.
::'''Paimon:''' We want to ask you about a couple of things.
::'''???:''' Ask away.
::{{DIcon}} So we're looking for a certain Saimon Jirou...
::'''???:''' Oh... him...
::'''???:''' Why'd you want to know where he is?
::{{DIcon}} Ah, so you know him.
::{{DIcon}} Why are you so concerned?
::'''???:''' I&mdash;It's nothing! I'm just asking.
::'''???:''' I... I've heard on the grapevine that the Tenryou Commissioner's sent out lots of ninjas to capture deserters in secret.
::'''???:''' Looking at you ask about this and that, I was starting to wonder if the things I heard were true.
::{{DIcon}} I know that I'm a ninja?
::{{DIcon}} I said nothing about looking for deserters.
::'''Paimon:''' (This guy's story is just full of holes...)
::'''Paimon:''' (Let's just play along and see if we can make those holes any bigger!)
::'''???:''' Ugh...!
::'''???:''' I&mdash; Well, I was just saying that, you know? But yeah, what a coincidence, am I right? Haha... Ha...
::{{DIcon}} (Paimon, you're up.)
::'''Paimon:''' A coincidence, you say...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, did you think that our saving you was a coincidence, then?
::'''Paimon:''' There's a fine reward for providing information on deserters. And if none can be provided, it's no loss as long as we can catch one.
::'''???:''' What do you mean "no loss"?
::{{DIcon}} "No loss" to us, of course.
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, you've got a good head on your shoulders, don't you? Shame about that...
::'''???:''' Wh&mdash;What do you mean...
::{{DIcon}} (Actually, where'd you learn that line, Paimon?)
::'''Paimon:''' (Hehe! From all the people we've met on this journey, of course!)
::'''Paimon:''' Alright, {{Traveler}}. We've wasted enough words on him. Time to execute this deserter.
::{{DIcon}} Kneel!
::'''???:''' W&mdash;W&mdash;Wait!
::'''???:''' My life is unimportant but before I die can I please ask to please look at your identification papers please lords can I just know your names please!
::'''Paimon:''' What in the world is he talking about?
::{{DIcon}} He wants to see our papers.
::'''Paimon:''' Hah! What nonsense.
::'''Paimon:''' A man who fled the army, trying to beg for the name of loyal samurai?
::{{DIcon}} Indeed. Preposterous!
::'''???:''' Please don't kill me I'll tell you were the treasure is just don't kill me Ogosho's tears please just don't kill meeee!
::'''Paimon:''' (This guy's scared out of his wits...)
::{{DIcon}} Come again?
::'''Paimon:''' Calm down. One sentence at a time.
::'''???:''' You're... not going to kill me anymore?
::{{DIcon}} Mmhmm.
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph.
::'''Paimon:''' But before that, we'd like to ask you another question...
::'''???:''' Please ask.
::{{DIcon}} Are you Saimon Jirou?
::'''???:''' I... maybe...
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' I&mdash;I&mdash;I am! I am! I'm Jirou, alright?
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa, look at him grovel...
::{{DIcon}} (Well, whether it's true or not...)
::{{DIcon}} (His parents will know for sure.)
::'''Paimon:''' (That's true, his identity is hard for us to ascertain. But if we send him to his parents, they'll know in a heartbeat.)
::'''Paimon:''' Alright, Saimon. On account of your coming from a samurai line, we'll give you one chance to redeem your errors.
::'''Paimon:''' Now, tell us again, what... treasure were you talking about earlier? Speak clearly!
::{{DIcon}} Indeed. Speak clearly!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Well, I&mdash;I'm a professional treasure hunter...
::'''Paimon:''' Is he?
::{{DIcon}} That's one I've never heard.
::{{DIcon}} Doesn't look like it.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' S&mdash;Sorry! I'll get to the point.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' After some lengthy investigation, I've discovered the location of some treasure nearby.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' It's just that the treasury gate requires four stone slates to open.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' If you could, my lords, please help me find these stone slates, that I may investigate them&mdash;
::'''Paimon:''' Are you taking us for fools?
::{{DIcon}} (Paimon, don't press him too hard, now.)
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' I&mdash;I wouldn't dare...I just mean that I've investigated it for a while, and have a good deal of experience.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, if you do, then you'll know better than to try to play us false.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Once all the stone slates are in place, the treasury door should open. Then we can split the treasure... uh, thirty-seventy...
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm!?
::{{DIcon}} Want to die, do you?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' You'll get seventy, I'll get thirty!
::'''Paimon:''' Relax, relax. This is just business. And we're definitely amenable to price negotiations.
::'''Paimon:''' Once we've settled on something everyone can agree on, everyone will be happy, right?
::{{DIcon}} Only thirty-seventy?
::'''Paimon:''' True, that seems somewhat unacceptable, how about twenty-eighty?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' That's great! Twenty-eighty it is!
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds good, {{Traveler}}.
::'''Paimon:''' Let's send twenty percent of his fingers to the Tenryou Commissioner. We'll split the remaining eighty.
::{{DIcon}} Agreed.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Eh!? W&mdash;Wait, no! Stop! I thought...!
::{{DIcon}} Hands out!
::'''Paimon:''' ...Halt!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Ah, as I thought, we can still discuss things, right...!
::'''Paimon:''' There's no need to dirty your blade, Paimon's will do!
::'''Paimon:''' It's smaller, so this'll go slower.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, yes. True, true.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' ...!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' S&mdash;Stop! Please stop torturing me!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' I'll give you everything. Everything, alright?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Just take all of it... *sobs*
::'''Paimon:''' (Wow, we made him cry...)
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' I'm quite big now... but no one has bullied me like this before... Waaah...
::'''Paimon:''' (We played the part a little too well, huh...?)
::{{DIcon}} Weakling.
::'''Paimon:''' (Hey! Aren't we done here already!?)
::{{DIcon}} (We should leave.)
::'''Paimon:''' (Okay. Let's go.)

;(Talk to Saimon Jirou again, if player did not choose scare him)
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Oh, you're back!
::'''Paimon:''' So, you've been quite idle here, huh?
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Haha, there's no need to put it like that.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Sit as you please and have something to eat. This tent of mine isn't too bad, I hope!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Ah yes. How goes the search for the stone slates?
::{{DIcon}} Alright.
::{{DIcon}} We've found a few!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' So quickly? Ah, I should have expected no less from travelers from abroad who move as they please through Inazuma!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' No need to rush. At this rate, the day I get rich is not far off, I'd wager!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Uh... *cough*, I mean, "we."
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Aye, what say we all get rich together, eh?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph. What a fishy guy...

;(Talk to Saimon Jirou again, if player chose to scare him)
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Ah, my lords! You've returned.
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' How is it? How goes your search.
::{{DIcon}} Be quiet, whelp.
::'''Paimon:''' (How are you this experienced...)
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Y&mdash;Yes, I'm sorry! I spoke out of turn, out of turn!
::'''Saimon Jirou:''' Please, my lords, rest your weary feet here, and continue on your way once you are rested as you please...
::{{DIcon}} Mm.
::'''Paimon:''' Mm~
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Quest-Like}}

[[ja:柴門二郎を探す]]