{{Act Infobox
|image          = Fontaine Chapter.png
|type           = World
|chapter        = In the Wake of Narcissus
|actNum         = I
|ARReq          = 
|archonQuestReq = 
|next           = Savior's Wake
}}
'''Search in the Algae Sea''' is the first act of [[In the Wake of Narcissus]].

==Quests==
# [[Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)|Search in the Algae Sea]]
#* [[Muse's Mother]]
#* [[Meteoric Lance]]
#* [[Cupid's Lover]]
#* [[Thalia and Melpomene]]

==Summary==
The Traveler and Paimon return to [[The Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] and discuss what [[Seymour]], [[Ann]], and [[Caterpillar]] have uncovered in the interim. Working together, they theorize that [[Annapausis]] is the work of an Oceanid related to [[Mary-Ann]], and that the Oceanid may be [[Lyris]], with Ann being created by said Oceanid. They discuss Seymour's files on Lyris and learn that she was once the director of an orphanage called the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]]. With further discussion, the Traveler concludes that the Mary-Ann in Annapausis must be the Oceanid responsible. Seymour raises the question of whether he was responsible for Mary-Ann's fate, and of whether he will be able to protect her as ordered. The group reassures him and Caterpillar proposes meeting with Mary-Ann.

Upon reaching the tower in Annapausis, they battle [[Al]] and [[Jak]], who are under Mary-Ann's control. After defeating Al and Jak, they use a combination of belief and imagination to recreate a path to the door to [["The Real Annapausis"]]. The door itself fails to appear, though the Traveler and Ann hear Mary-Ann's thoughts.

They return to The Narzissenkreuz Ordo and discuss what Ann and the Traveler heard. The Traveler and Caterpillar discuss a possible method of Ann's creation. The Traveler deduces Mary-Ann's true identity and the reason Ann was born. Caterpillar then provides information on [[Narzissenkreuz]], the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]], and the goals of both, and proposes finding the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz to both resolve the issue of Mary-Ann and foil the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's plans. 

The group travels to the Morte region, where Caterpillar reveals a map indicating four locations bearing a seal and one of the four materials required to create the true Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz. Three of these seals are found to be already broken, with the components already taken by [[Jakob]]. They successfully obtain the fourth component, the "Persona."  

After investigating the four locations, the Traveler and Paimon are suddenly transported to the top of the [[Tower of Gestalt]]. Upon entering the Tower, it is revealed to contain The Narzissenkreuz Ordo. Jakob confronts them and requests the Persona so that Narzissenkreuz can obtain the Holy Blade to save the world from destruction. A battle begins after repeated refusals. Caterpillar and Seymour arrive and join partway through. After his defeat, Jakob hands over the three missing elements, and the [[Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz (Search in the Algae Sea)]] is forged following his instruction. The Traveler opens the pocketwatch to reveal a photo of the Narzissenkreuz Institute of the past. Jakob requests Ann absorb his persona and memories, but Ann refuses. Jakob then proclaims that Narzissenkreuz is returning and their plan continues towards fruition. After this, the Doomsday Clock strikes twelve, and its hands falls upon Jakob, crushing him. The team then heads further into the Tower to confront Narzissenkreuz.<!--
==Total Series Rewards==
''(To be added.)''
-->

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/YVxra52f8GU
|caption1 = Search in the Algae Sea Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Search in the Algae Sea
|zhs     = 藻海的寻踪
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 藻海的尋蹤
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 藻海が残したもの
|ja_rm   = Soukai ga Nokoshita Mono
|ja_tl   = Something Left in the Algae Sea
|ko      = 해초 바다 탐색
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Búsqueda en el mar de algas
|es_tl   = Search in the Algae Sea
|fr      = Recherche dans la mer d'algues
|fr_tl   = Search in the Algae Sea
|ru      = Поиск в Море водорослей
|ru_tl   = Search in the Algae Sea
|th      = การตามหาสาหร่ายทะเล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mày Mò Trong Biển Tảo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auf der Spur des Algenmeers
|de_tl   = On the Trail of the Algae Sea
|id      = Pencarian di Lautan Alga
|id_tl   = Search in the Algae Sea
|pt      = A Busca no Mar de Algas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yosun Denizinde Bir Arayış
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ricerca nel Mare di alghe
|it_tl   = Research in the Algae Sea
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}