{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|region           = Teyvat
}}
The '''Second Who Came''', also known as the '''second throne of the heavens''', appeared in the world of [[Teyvat]] an unknown amount of time after the creation of humanity at the hands of the [[Primordial One]]. In the ensuing battle between the Primordial One and the Second Who Came, the heavens and earth were ravaged, with the region of [[Enkanomiya]] sinking underwater and becoming severed from the surface world of [[Teyvat]].<ref name="Before Sun and Moon">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref>

==Profile==
{{Quote|The second throne of the heavens came, and war was rekindled, as it was in the world's creation. That day, the heavens collapsed and the earth was rent asunder. Our ancestors and their ancestral land fell into this place during that conflict.|A scribe of [[Istaroth]]|[[Before Sun and Moon]]}}

==Story==
Little is currently known about the identity of the Second Who Came or when they existed relative to other known events in the Teyvat [[timeline]], other than their appearance and conflict occurring untold ages before even the Archon War. The only confirmed information is that they arrived while [[Enkanomiya]] was part of the single, unified human civilization that spanned the world; later on, they came in direct conflict with the Primordial One.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon" /><ref name="3 Martial Trials">{{Ref/Quest|The Three Great Martial Trials}}</ref>

===Enkanomiya Beliefs===
A year after the people of Enkanomiya built the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], they attempted to find a way back home, believing that the war on the surface world was likely over by that point. However, they were unable to find one, as the "powers of prohibition" had sealed Enkanomiya from the surface.<ref name="3 Martial Trials" /> According to a scribe of Istaroth, this ban was placed by the Primordial One and accordingly, the Primordial One emerged victorious over the Second Who Came.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon" />

[[Eboshi]] believes that the "heavenly order" did not want those who knew the true history of the world to return to the surface, hence why the seal was placed.<ref name="3 Martial Trials" /> However, since both the Primordial One and the Second Who Came are associated with the heavens, this leaves the identity behind the heavenly order ambiguous.

==Trivia==
*There may be a connection between Enkanomiya's historical records in ''Before Sun and Moon'' and Teyvat's legends regarding the [[Seelie]], the moon sisters [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon]], and their eventual fall. The main difference between Enkanomiya and Teyvat's legends is Enkanomiya's records of the existence of the Primordial One and the Second Who Came, while Teyvat legends do not indicate any such entities but leave the state of the world before the fall of the Seelie open-ended.
**The Seelie are rumored to have been a mighty, wise race tasked with guiding humanity<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Seelie}}<br />''Now you see them, now you don't. Once a mighty race that lived to guide mankind, now the most Seelie offer is a little treasure to willing followers.''</ref> and their civilization spanned the whole world, including the wastelands now known as the [[Dark Sea]].<ref name="ADT3">{{Ref/Book|A Drunkard's Tale|3}}</ref> This falls in line with the existence of a single unified civilization that covered the whole world, which Enkanomiya was part of before the war with the Second Who Came.<ref name="3 Martial Trials" /><ref name="SubterraTrials">{{Ref/Quest|The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent}}</ref>
**A Seelie ancestor pledged their union with a "traveler from afar," only for disaster to befall the world thirty days later, which resulted in the lovers being separated for eternity and having their memories of each other wiped.<ref name="RoJ4">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|4|Mountain Spirits}}</ref> If the scribe of Istaroth's belief that the Primordial One prevailed over the Second Who Came is true, then the Second Who Came may be the traveler in the Seelie legend. Given that ''Before Sun and Moon'' is believed to contain evidence that the Primordial One and Celestia are not from this world,<ref name="SubterraTrials" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Antigonus}}</ref> it is likely that the Second Who Came was an outlander as well.
**Out of their grief over the star-crossed lovers' fate, most of the Seelie withered away into their current forms,<ref name="RoJ4"/> while others were left to lament the fall of their race.<ref name="ADT3" /> Seelie exist in Enkanomiya and their Seelie Courts are in better condition compared to ones in Teyvat, which suggests that the events in the Seelie legend occurred right before Enkanomiya was separated from the surface world. The Seelie there still withered away in their grief, but the Seelie Courts have not undergone weather erosion or otherwise sustained damage like the ones on Teyvat.
**The destructive scope of the disasters in the two legends are described similarly: in the war with the Second Who Came, "the heavens collapsed and the earth was rent asunder."<ref name="Before Sun and Moon" /> During the fall of the Seelie, "the world collapsed around them,"<ref name="RoJ4" /> while on the moon sisters' side, "disasters overturned the sovereign carriage and laid ruin to the halls of the stars."<ref>{{Ref/Book|Moonlit Bamboo Forest|3}}</ref>
***While carriages and chariots have not been an element in Teyvat legends besides the moon sisters' carriage, another chariot has played a prominent role in Enkanomiya: the Dainichi Mikoshi, also known as the "chariot of the sun."<ref name="SubterraTrials" /> This turn of phrase may be derived from the culture of the unified civilization.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Second Who Came
|zhs     = 后来的第二位
|zhs_rm  = Hòulái de Dì'èrwèi
|zht     = 後來的第二位
|zht_rm  = Hòulái de Dì'èrwèi
|zh_tl   = The Second One Who Came After
|ja      = 後に来た二人目
|ja_rm   = Ato ni Kita Futarime{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Second One Who Came After
|ko      = 나중의 그분
|ko_rm   = Najung-ui Geubun
|ko_tl   = That One of the Later
|es      = La segunda persona que reclamaba el trono<!--common noun-->
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Le Second qui prétendait au trône
|fr_tl   = The Second Who Was Entitled to the Throne
|ru      = Второе Пришедшее
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ราชาองค์ที่สอง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vị Thứ Hai
|vi_tl   = The Second One
|de      = Der Zweite, der nachher kam
|de_tl   = The Second (One), Who Came After
|id      = Takhta kedua<!--common noun-->
|id_tl   = Second Throne
|pt      = Segundo Que Veio
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}