{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Pavo Ocellus Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Pavo Ocellus Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Kaeya
|ARReq          = 5
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act I - [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]
}}
'''Secret Pirate Treasure''' is the first act of [[Kaeya]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Pavo Ocellus Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|The Outlander Who Caught the Wind}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 5.

During the act, Kaeya tasks the [[Traveler]] with finding a secret treasure by his grandfather, not knowing that a hidden ear caught on to their chat.

==List of Quests==
# [[Kaeya's Troubles]]
# [[Mystery of the Arcadian Ruins]]
# [[Kaeya's Gain]]

==Summary==
;Kaeya's Troubles
After the [[Dvalin|Stormterror]]'s attack, the Traveler and [[Paimon]] bump into [[Kaeya]], at the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]]. They note that Kaeya is worried over something and ask him what's wrong. Kaeya leads them to the courtyard and informs them that his grandfather was a pirate who had a legendary sword from [[Celestia]] which he buried to avoid conflict between his fellow pirates. He is worried about recent activity by a local [[Treasure Hoarders]] group that may discover the ruins and steal the sword. Kaeya suggests they go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]] to inquire more about the ruins.
----
;Mystery of the Arcadian Ruins
The visit proves meaningless as no one is aware of the existence of such a place. Returning to Kaeya, he reveals that he found someone who knows about the ruins, but for the sake of confidentiality, they must meet the informant at [[Whispering Woods]]. They find [[Vile|the contact]] being attacked by monsters and rescue her. Learning why they arrived, she gives them [[Treasure Clue (I)|a map with a message]] "Three six-armed giants reside in the city in the lake. Two guard the statue, one, the treasure."

The Traveler, with or without Kaeya's help, eventually discovers that the clue refers to the windmills in the city. They find [[Treasure Clue (II)|another map with a message]] "She doesn't love him at all. The passion rushing through the clear spring is just a front. When she's cold and alone, her true heart is revealed." at one of the windmills, which leads them to a waterfall behind [[Springvale]]. Finding [[Treasure Map|the map to Arcadian Ruin]], Paimon believes that they should find the sword themselves.
----
;Kaeya's Gain
Arriving at the end of the ruins, the Traveler and Paimon are ambushed by [[Izzard]], the leader of a group of Treasure Hoarders. He orders the Traveler to stand aside or he would set his crew on them. Kaeya soon arrives, revealing that the treasure hunt was simply a ploy. Izzard is impressed with Kaeya's tactics but refuses to be captured. In his attempt to escape however, he sets off a [[Ruin Guard]] that chases after him. Kaeya and the Traveler destroy the Ruin Guard, before apprehending the criminal. As Izzard is taken away, Kaeya apologizes to the pair for having tricked them, but states that the ploy was meant to lure the Treasure Hoarder crew out and apprehend them. As an apology, he offers them the [[Harbinger of Dawn]] and promises not to deceive them again. If the Traveler completed the treasure hunt without his aid, Kaeya is left impressed by their skills and returns to headquarters to interrogate Izzard.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Secret Pirate Treasure |type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Secret Pirate Treasure
|zhs     = 海盗秘宝
|zhs_rm  = Hǎidào Mìbǎo
|zht     = 海盜秘寶
|zht_rm  = Hǎidào Mìbǎo
|zh_tl   = Pirate Secret Treasure
|ja      = 海賊の秘宝
|ja_rm   = Kaizoku no Hihou
|ja_tl   = Pirate's Hidden Treasure
|ko      = 해적의 보물
|ko_rm   = Haejeok-ui Bomul
|ko_tl   = Pirate's Treasure
|es      = El tesoro pirata
|es_tl   = The Pirate Treasure
|fr      = Trésor secret de pirate
|fr_tl   = Secret Pirate Treasure
|ru      = Пиратский клад
|ru_tl   = Pirate Treasure
|th      = ขุมทรัพย์โจรสลัด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kho Báu Cướp Biển
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geheimer Piratenschatz
|de_tl   = Secret Pirate Treasure
|id      = Harta Tersembunyi Bajak Laut
|id_tl   = Secret Pirate Treasure
|pt      = Tesouro Pirata Secreto
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gizli Korsan Hazinesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tesoro segreto dei pirati
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:El tesoro pirata]]
[[ja:海賊の秘宝]]
[[pt-br:Tesouro Pirata Secreto]]
[[ru:Пиратский клад]]
[[vi:Kho Báu Cướp Biển]]