{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04009
|image         = Archon Quest Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Cataclysm's Quickening
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 3
|characters    = Jurieu; Lourvine; Paimon; Sigewinne; Traveler; Wriothesley
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = Administrative Area
|prev          = The Truth Shrouded in Shadow
|next          = Calamitous Tread
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*850;Mora*36,825;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones|chapter=4|act=4|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Duke's Office]]
# Talk to [[Wriothesley]]
# Follow Wriothesley
# Keep Exploring
# Follow Wriothesley and explore ahead

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 4 & 5, the active party is limited to the [[Traveler]].
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|The Secret of Blue Water}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Duke, Wriothesley, holds all the Fortress's secrets. You plan to ask him directly and get some grasp of the current situation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the second floor of Wriothesley's office)
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Excuse me~
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I take it Mr. [[Freminet]]'s condition has stabilized?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Of course. I would not have left the infirmary otherwise.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I've been expecting those two, but might I enquire as to the purpose of your visit, Miss Sigewinne?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I wanted to check up on Miss [[Clorinde]]. How are you feeling?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Mostly fine, I think.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' If you don't mind, I'd like to perform another quick physical exam. It'll just take a few minutes.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Alright, thank you for looking out for me. I'll take my leave for now, then.
:{{Color|menu|Clorinde leaves the office with Sigewinne...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, want to explain yourself, Wriothesley?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Haha, of course, but I'm not partial to the word choice of "explain." How about "enlighten"?
:{{DIcon}} Please enlighten us as much as you'd like.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But where should I begin? How about you start by asking me any questions you have？ You can start with whichever one you'd like to get answered the most.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Then [[Paimon]] will begin. Did you know about [[Lyney]]'s goals from the very beginning?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' No, I just knew they were [[Fatui]] operatives sent to the Fortress by The Knave. As for their specific goals... I only figured those out as you made progress on your investigation.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You managed to monitor and stay ahead of them even though you didn't know what they were trying to do?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' They came here with ulterior motives. I'm quite adept at discerning what that kind of behavior signals.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you stop them?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Initially, I thought their goal was just to investigate [[Childe]]'s disappearance.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Lyney suggested that I had deliberately let him escape, but in truth, I didn't really do anything special to help or hinder him while he was here. Everything he did, from finding helpers to leaving this place, he did on his own.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Of course, it's inevitable that The Knave would make a big deal out of her fellow Harbinger's unexplained disappearance.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'm also quite curious about where that Harbinger went, so I figured I might as well let the Fatui do their own investigative work. All I care about is the answer.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you were hoping Lyney's group would just do your work for you...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You make it sound like that's a bad thing... Unfortunately, things didn't go as planned. I assume that Freminet has told you already &mdash; the ratio of Primordial seawater around the [[Fortress of Meropide]] is on the rise.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The forbidden zone has always been Lyney's target, and you also got roped into that investigation after running into him. I began to intervene out of concern for your safety, and also to prevent the Fortress from becoming entangled in more irksome matters.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are the rumors true? That you're also a former criminal?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Why would you put it like that? Isn't staying here all day and serving as the manager of the Fortress a kind of sentence unto itself, another form of prison? I just happen to have some support from the rest of the inmates, that's all.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right, Paimon wanted to ask &mdash; who invited Clorinde down here?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Me, of course. I paid her good Mora to come down to the Fortress for some field work.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 15.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' As a [[Champion Duelist]], Miss Clorinde can be considered to be an independent party. I needed to find an exceptionally capable person to help me get through the impending crisis.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And saving Freminet was a part of that crisis?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 16.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You can think of it like that, yes. Credit where credit is due, that boy is quite adept at diving. Had conditions not been as hostile as they were, he probably would have found the missing [[Harbinger]] already.
:{{DIcon}} So, the forbidden zone really exists?
:{{DIcon}} What's inside of it?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 17.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That's not something you should be asking after. [[Neuvillette]] only asked you to investigate Childe's whereabouts.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 18.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' All I need to prove to you is that the forbidden zone had nothing to do with the Harbinger's disappearance. That should be clear now that you've spoken to Freminet.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... we've already uncovered that there's something wrong with the infirmary, and we've answered a bunch of questions that you threw at us... Isn't it about time that you answer our last question in return?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 19.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You make a compelling case... Do you really want to know the answer so badly?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Paimon really wants to know!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 20.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Even if the truth may not be pleasant?
:{{DIcon}} ...Yes.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 2 wriothesley 21.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Follow me.

;(Approach the marked area on the ground floor of the office)
:{{Color|menu|As the mechanism turns, a spiral staircase appears below the floor...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq107 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a hidden door here!? And a whole basement behind it? You're pretty good at hiding stuff, Wriothesley.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 3 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It seems you've forgotten just what kind of place the Fortress of Meropide is.

;(Approach the circular metal plate)
:{{A|vo fdaq107 4 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Stand on the central plate.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, is there a secret mechanism or &mdash; whoa!!
:{{Black Screen|Once everyone has taken their positions on the circular plate, it begins to slowly move downwards...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq107 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the "forbidden zone"? Honestly, for a place so well-hidden, Paimon sure doesn't see anything special...
:{{DIcon}} And that is...
:{{Color|menu|A giant isolation gate stands before you...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq107 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a huge door!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 5 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' There are three such isolation gates in total. Generally speaking, I'm the only one who's allowed to go inside. Hence the name, "forbidden zone."
:{{A|vo fdaq107 5 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Am I correct to assume you're going to run on back and tell your little Fatui friends everything?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, er, Paimon wasn't thinking of keeping anything from them...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 5 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hah. Well, I'd advise you wait until you've seen the whole truth of this place for yourself before deciding whether or not to tell them.

;(Approach the switch)
:{{A|vo fdaq107 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, so there's a switch on the side...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 6 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Stand back.
:{{Color|menu|Wriothesley activates the switch...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq107 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... They all just went up one by one...
:{{DIcon}} What's that in the middle of the room?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 6 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Go on, have a look.

;(Enter the central room)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (This room is really empty with nothing in here, which is quite strange on its own. There's also a device smack dab in the middle of the room, which looks like some kind of massive sluice gate.)
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I've been interested in what lies beyond that gate ever since I assumed leadership of the Fortress of Meropide. Of course, it would be unwise to recklessly open it, but it'd also be risky and negligent to simply ignore any potential danger that could be behind it.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The readings on that dashboard haven't budged since the day when I first laid eyes on this place. But over the past year, the needle has crept upwards from its original position, likely because some parameter it's been tracking has changed, if only infinitesimally.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Normally, I would have ignored it, but I happened to have some free time when I noticed it, so I investigated. Any guesses what the reading could be tracking?
:{{DIcon}} The water pressure?
:{{DIcon}} The temperature?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Very reasonable guesses. I've considered both of those as well. Unfortunately, our dashboard is tracking something less ordinary.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The temperature should vary with weather and climate changes, so for something that rarely shifts, the water pressure is more likely. We ran a few tests to increase the pressure from the outside, but the readings didn't change at all.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Later on, a few more possibilities occurred to me, such as a potential connection with the Primordial Sea. I began to make a few preparations based on that hypothesis.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Over the past few days, the needle has moved again. With that and the symptoms that Freminet displayed after leaving the Fortress, I can now confidently conclude that the readings represent the concentration of Primordial Seawater in the seawater nearby.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The concentration of... Primordial Seawater!? But we're already under the sea...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And that is precisely the problem. We're at the bottom of the sea, and now we're surrounded by toxic seawater. Somehow, Primordial Seawater got mixed in, and the concentration is steadily rising...
:{{DIcon}} ...Primordial Seawater is continually leaking into the sea?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Yes, that's very likely.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But forget about the two of us, not even Neuvillette knows where the Primordial Sea could be, much less where we could find and plug a leak...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Oh... OH!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Seems like you've figured it out.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I believe the [[Primordial Sea]] lies directly beneath this sluice gate. For some reason, the Primordial Seawater levels have risen significantly, and it's now very close to us.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The indicators are now red. Although the gate still stands, some Primordial Seawater has already leaked out and mixed into the sea around us.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...If this continues, soon it will no longer be able to hold back the Primordial Sea at all.
:{{DIcon}} And if the Primordial Sea is leaking through...
:{{DIcon}} If this gate falls, all of Fontaine will fall with it.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Yeah, you know what the legends say. If this place falls, then everyone in Fontaine will be turned into puddles in the span of a night.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that's just too weird! Why would the Fortress of Meropide be built right above a sluice gate for the Primordial Sea? Who built this place, anyway?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 15.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Your expression tells me you think this might be part of a vast, complicated conspiracy. To be honest, you might find the actual answer may be exceedingly boring.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 16.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It's just that the secret of the "forbidden zone" had been long forgotten by the nation before I rediscovered it with my research.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 17.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' There's no single "founder" of the Fortress of Meropide in any traditional sense. What we know about its history has been left to us by the people who used to live here.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 18.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' When the previous Hydro Archon, [[Egeria]], ruled the land, all convicted criminals from Fontaine were exiled. The people drove the criminals away like a wolf pack chasing away the banished.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 19.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The criminals received no sympathy of any kind from the people. They were exiled to the desolate seaside, where they experienced only pain, struggle, and the bone-chilling cold.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 20.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Some of them began to repent, and prayed to the Hydro Archon, asking if there was still anything they could do. The Hydro Archon took pity on them, and said: You may go guard my secret, deep underneath the waves.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 21.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And so, leaning on the power of the Hydro Archon, they gathered underneath the sea, and began to build a fortress. They became a community down there in the deeps, and over the years, helped it to grow.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 22.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' As the number of exiles increased, more and more people joined the community. When the first group of exiles died, they left the yet-unfinished fortress to their successors.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 23.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The Hydro Archon continued to lend her support, allowing the fortress and what it stood for to continue growing ever larger. Before long, this dark underwater fortress became the sinners' only home.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 24.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And with that, the people here stopped referring to the Fortress as a prison. They saw themselves as repenting sinners, who would regain their freedom once they had sufficiently redeemed themselves.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 25.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But as time went on, people also realized that the Fortress was a lonely place. Once they had gotten used to life here, they could no longer feel comfortable living in the overworld.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 26.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Once they had finished serving their sentences, some people left, and some others chose to stay. They'd find some idle position, and let their withered souls fade away with the ancient secrets of the past.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 27.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...After many, many centuries, few people still remember the reason for the Fortress' founding. Now, they just see it as an integral pillar of Fontainian society, as the place where criminals deserve to be sent.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 28.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Now and again, researchers manage to break one law or another, and live out their days in the Fortress. I learned all this from an elderly historian &mdash; everyone else just thought he'd made it all up.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But now you know, every part of that history is true...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 29.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Indeed. It's just as the prophecy says. If this gate fails, then everyone will be dissolved into the sea.
:{{DIcon}} Do you believe in prophecies?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 30.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' To be frank, not really. But sadly, that hasn't stopped this prophecy from proving all too accurate.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 31.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Prophecies are troublesome things. Just hearing one will create the first wave of panic. Seeing signs of it will bring about the second, and actually witnessing it in real time, the third.
:{{DIcon}} So, as the Duke of Meropide, just what do you plan to do about it?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 7 wriothesley 32.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's go somewhere else. I want to show you something.
<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' This is it.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 jurieu 01.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Your Grace! Perfect timing. The results from our latest round of experiments have&mdash;
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 lourvine 01.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Wait, [[Jurieu]], he's not alone!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? [[Lourvine]] and Jurieu?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' No need to panic, you two. I've already told them about our plan.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 lourvine 02.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' What? After you warned us not to tell a single soul about any of this!?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 jurieu 02.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' I'm skeptical as well. Are you sure they are trustworthy?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The results speak for themselves, don't they? These two may already know more than you could ever imagine.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 jurieu 03.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' ...Alright then, if Your Grace insists.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 lourvine 03.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' They seem harmless enough... So I'll trust them for now.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' How about some reintroductions... This is Jurieu, one of the highest-ranked researchers from the Fontaine Research Institute. He used to work under [[Edwin Eastinghouse|Edwin]]. I trust that you've heard of Edwin?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, we have.
::{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 05a 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Good. Saves me a bit of time explaining.
:{{DIcon}} Edwho?
::{{A|vo fdaq107 8 jurieu 04b 1.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' He's the one who blew the whole Institute sky high. Everyone knew he was a bit crooked in the head, but you're not a local, so I guess it's possible for you not to have heard of him.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Edwin's main areas of research were Arkhium and gravimeters. As his assistant, Jurieu is quite familiar with them as well. I hired him to be my technical consultant.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You... you want to blow up the Fortress of Meropide?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, what a lovely idea. I'm already imagining it in my head.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 jurieu 05.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Gotta admit, I'm tempted as well...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 lourvine 04.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Guys, focus! Focus!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That taskmaster over here is Miss Lourvine and is also one of my technical consultants. While Jurieu used to be Edwin's assistant, she used to be Jurieu's assistant.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, are they together?
:{{DIcon}} Was that really necessary?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' See, everyone keeps asking this question. Are you two sure you're not a couple, and just using your work as a convenient cover?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 lourvine 05.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' I... Your Grace, I am NOT in a relationship with this man!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 jurieu 06.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' If I dated her, I'd officially be madder than Edwin!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Jeez, forget I said anything, then.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Follow me.
:{{Color|menu|As the mechanism turns, another gate rises in front of you...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, there's another door that goes right up!
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Your constant amazement makes it seem like the Fortress can do anything.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon really thinks everything's super cool!
:{{DIcon}} Is this just a normal room?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's spice it up a bit.
:{{Color|menu|The sight behind the glass gradually becomes clearer. You see a gargantuan ship in the distance...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And here you go.
:{{DIcon}} This is...!?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a huge... ship?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is also a production zone that Paimon's never seen before... What's going on?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 15.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' How much do you know about Fontainian history?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Er... Not much at all...
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 16.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Then maybe you haven't heard of the story of ancient [[Remuria]]. To give you a quick rundown, Fontaine used to be ruled by the Remurian Dynasty.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 17.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' According to legend, the Remurian King, [[Remus]], came to this land after being inspired by divine revelation, and found the seer [[Sybilla]], who had taken on the form of a Golden Bee. Taking the Golden Bee with him and riding on a huge ship, the [[Fortuna]], he created his nation above the surging waves.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 18.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' He called his nation "Remuria," and used the Fortuna to incessantly search for new tribes and islands, calling on them to join his empire.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a ship in this story, too...?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 19.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Where there's water, there will be ships. People believe that hope can always be found at the end of a voyage.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you believe that, too?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 20.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' To a point, I think. As you've already seen, I have a whole factory's worth of labor, materials, and technology at my disposal. Certainly can't hurt to give it a try.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 21.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So, the moment I began to speculate that the Primordial Sea might lie underneath the gate, I also began this project.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Were you inspired by the legendary Fortuna?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 22.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Maybe. Fontainians need something to hold on to to cope with the impending disaster.
:{{DIcon}} This is a plan for the ages...
:{{DIcon}} Can't you share your plan with everyone?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 23.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Were the workers to find out the truth behind this ship, riots would destroy the Fortress faster than any catastrophe.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 24.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' As the Fortress' administrator, I would never make such a reckless call.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 25.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Alright, that's enough talking for now. I'll need another three cups of tea to soothe my throat. Do you have any other questions?
:{{A|vo fdaq107 8 wriothesley 26.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Seems like you're good. Come on, I'll take you back.
:;(Wriothesley brings the Traveler and Paimon back to the Dormitory Block)
:{{A|vo fdaq107 9 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'll leave you here for now.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Uh... Thank you so much.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 9 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' No worries. But don't forget, it's up to you whether or not you want to share what you just saw. What you do from here on out will likely affect those three as well.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (He means that my actions now will decide the next steps Lyney's group takes.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...In other words, if I want to tell Lyney the truth, I must make him understand that we cannot afford excessive conflict right now.)
:{{A|vo fdaq107 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we'll put a lot of thought into it for sure!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, we will.
:{{A|vo fdaq107 9 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Great. I look forward to what happens next.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones
|zhs     = 守秘者与禁区
|zhs_rm  = Shǒumì-zhě yǔ Jìnqū
|zht     = 守秘者與禁區
|zht_rm  = Shǒumì-zhě yǔ Jìnqū
|zh_tl   = The Secret Keeper and the Forbidden Zone
|ja      = 秘密を守りし者と禁域
|ja_rm   = Himitsu wo Mamorishi Mono to Kin'iki
|ja_tl   = The Secret Keeper and the Forbidden Zone
|ko      = 비밀 수호자와 금지 구역
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El guardasecretos del Área Prohibida
|es_tl   = The Secret Keeper of the Prohibited Area
|fr      = Protection de secrets et zone interdite
|fr_tl   = Secret Protection and Forbidden Zone
|ru      = Хранители секретов и запретная зона
|ru_tl   = Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones
|th      = ผู้กุมความลับและเขตหวงห้าม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khu Vực Cấm Và Người Giữ Bí Mật
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Hüter der Geheimnisse und die verbotene Zone
|de_tl   = Keeper of Secrets and the Forbidden Zone
|id      = Pemegang Rahasia dan Zona Terlarang
|id_tl   = Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones
|pt      = Guardiões Secretos de Zonas Proibidas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sır Tutanlar, Yasak Bölgeler
|tr_tl   = Secret Keepers, Forbidden Zones
|it      = Segreti mantenuti e aree segrete
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}