{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11002
|image         = Story Quest Secret Ingredient.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trulla Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip
|character     = Xiangling
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|prev          = Cooking Appointment
|next          = Lucky Find
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*175;Mora*6,575;Adventurer's Experience*3;Fine Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler;Xiangling
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Secret Ingredient''' is the third part of {{Quest|Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip}}.

==Steps==
# Intercept [[Xiangling]] on her way to [[Liyue]]
# Talk to Xiangling
# Continue looking for the right ingredients
# Collect three [[Lotus Head]]s
# Continue looking for the right ingredients
# Collect three [[Jueyun Chili]]s
# Talk to Xiangling

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|To your surprise, [[Draff]] did not intend to reprimand Xiangling, but instead wanted her to help promote [[Springvale]]'s meat products instead. Sticking to her principles, Xiangling refused to cook for advertising, and would have left if she was not attracted to the smell of [[Brook]]'s cooking. What began as a chat devolved into disagreement about how to prepare food, and ended in the declaration of a cook-off between the head chef of Springvale and the chef from Liyue.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Xiangling)
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I think we're getting close...
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you decided what you're looking for yet?
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Of course not!
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then how are you so sure of yourself?
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' That's just my style. If I decided in advance exactly how I was going to cook something, there'd be no element of surprise to the dish.
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' In the same way, if I knew what I was looking for before I found it, it wouldn't be a surprise.
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that's so risky...
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Relax, this is how I came up with all the signature dishes at [[Wanmin Restaurant]].
:{{A|vo xllq003 2 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Let's look around here, I'll let you know when I find something I like.

;(Collect three Lotus Heads)
:{{A|vo xllq003 3 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Check out those Lotus Heads &mdash; look how fresh they are!
:{{A|vo xllq003 3 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Boar steak with lotus seeds... This could work!
:{{A|vo xllq003 3 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Okay, let's gather them.

;(Continue looking for the right ingredients)
:{{A|vo xllq003 4 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, this should be enough.
:{{A|vo xllq003 4 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It's not every day you come to Liyue. Let's keep looking and see what else we can find.

;(Collect three Jueyun Chilis)
:{{A|vo xllq003 5 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Wow, Jueyun Chilis!
:{{A|vo xllq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, that's such a cute name.
:{{A|vo xllq003 5 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Maybe so, but those little fellas pack quite a punch.
:{{A|vo xllq003 5 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' From what I've observed spicy food is a rarity in Mondstadt. So this will be perfect.
:{{A|vo xllq003 5 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Go and pick some! Get a good handful.

;(Talk to Xiangling)
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I still feel like we're lacking something...
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean?
:{{DIcon}} Do you mean it's not impressive enough?
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It's missing a little boom shaka-laka!
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, now that you mention it, it is a little boom shaka-laka-lacking.
:{{DIcon}} A shaka-laka-loada what now?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you understand this?
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe...
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Brook may be a stickler for convention, but she is a talented chef nonetheless.
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' There's no doubt she will source the fanciest-quality ingredients. To win this will take a truly mind-blowing dish...
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Something like sea-serpent salad, stir-fried [[Qingxin]] flower, or wild mushrooms in a rich slime jus.
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Urgh... a slime jus!?
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Haha, I know how weird it sounds but I guarantee you it tastes incredible.
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I'll make some for you next time!
:{{DIcon}} Can't wait to try it.
::{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 08a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, you won't be disappointed when you taste it, although it looks a teensy bit gross.
:{{DIcon}} Eh... No need.
::{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 08b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I don't get it, what's not to love...?
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Never mind that, I've just remembered there's somewhere I never checked out last time.
:{{A|vo xllq003 7 xiangling 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' My gut tells me that's where we'll hit the jackpot. Let's take a look!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Secret Ingredient
|zhs     = 一锤定音的食材
|zhs_rm  = Yīchuídìngyīn de Shícái
|zht     = 一錘定音的食材
|zht_rm  = Yīchuídìngyīn de Shícái
|zh_tl   = The Final Decisive Ingredient
|zh_note = {{zh|s=一锤定音|t=一錘定音|rm=Yīchuídìngyīn|tl=to set the tone [of a gong] with a single hammer blow}} is an idiom that means "to have the final say," or "to make the final decision."
|ja      = 最高の食材
|ja_rm   = Saikou no Shokuzai
|ja_tl   = The Best Ingredient
|ko      = 승부를 결정지을 식자재
|ko_tl   = Ingredient to Decide Victory
|es      = Ingredientes faltantes
|es_tl   = Missing Ingredients
|fr      = Ingrédients décisifs
|fr_tl   = Decisive Ingredients
|ru      = Недостающий ингредиент
|ru_tl   = Missing Ingredient
|th      = ส่วนประกอบที่ตามหา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguyên Liệu Quyết Định
|vi_tl   = Decisive Ingredient
|de      = Eine Frage des Geschmacks
|de_tl   = A Question of the Taste
|id      = Bahan Rahasia
|id_tl   = Secret Ingredient
|pt      = Ingredientes Secretos
|pt_tl   = Secret Ingredients
|tr      = Gizli Malzeme
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ingrediente segreto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Ingredientes faltantes]]
[[ja:最高の食材]]