{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.5]]
* Updated Description:
** {{Color|Old}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose, Pluie Lotus, Marcotte, Lumidouce Bell, Rainbow Rose, Grainfruit, Cacahuatl, Saurian Claw Succulent, Quenepa Berry, Brilliant Chrysanthemum, Sprayfeather Gill, Glowing Hornshroom.
** {{Color|New}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose, Pluie Lotus, Marcotte, Lumidouce Bell, Rainbow Rose, Grainfruit, Cacahuatl, Saurian Claw Succulent, Quenepa Berry, Brilliant Chrysanthemum, Sprayfeather Gill, Glowing Hornshroom{{Highlight|, Skysplit Gembloom}}.
----
[[Version 5.2]]
* Updated Description:
** {{Color|Old}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose, Pluie Lotus, Marcotte, Lumidouce Bell, Rainbow Rose, Grainfruit, Cacahuatl, Saurian Claw Succulent, Quenepa Berry, Brilliant Chrysanthemum, Sprayfeather Gill.
** {{Color|New}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose, Pluie Lotus, Marcotte, Lumidouce Bell, Rainbow Rose, Grainfruit, Cacahuatl, Saurian Claw Succulent, Quenepa Berry, Brilliant Chrysanthemum, Sprayfeather Gill{{Highlight|, Glowing Hornshroom}}.
* Updated maximum seed limit of each plant from 20 to 40.
----
[[Version 5.0]]
* Updated Description:
** {{Color|Old}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose, Pluie Lotus, Marcotte, Lumidouce Bell, Rainbow Rose.
** {{Color|New}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose, Pluie Lotus, Marcotte, Lumidouce Bell, Rainbow Rose{{Highlight|, Grainfruit, Cacahuatl, Saurian Claw Succulent, Quenepa Berry, Brilliant Chrysanthemum, Sprayfeather Gill}}.
----
[[Version 4.0]]
* Updated Description:
** {{Color|Old}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose.
** {{Color|New}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>Plants available for planting: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose{{Highlight|, Pluie Lotus, Marcotte, Lumidouce Bell, Rainbow Rose}}.
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Updated Description:
** {{Color|Old}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>{{Highlight|The plants that can be grown are as follows}}: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma.
** {{Color|New}}: A special container obtained from Madame Ping. According to her, this dispensary has the power to "generate seeds"... That is to say, it can create the seeds of various plants according to their special traits, which can then be planted within the appropriate fields within your Serenitea Pot.<br>{{Highlight|Plants available for planting}}: Silk Flower, Sweet Flower, Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Windwheel Aster, Qingxin, Violetgrass, Valberry, Small Lamp Grass, Jueyun Chili, Carrot, Radish, Mint, Mushroom, Naku Weed, Horsetail, Snapdragon, Lotus Head, Calla Lily, Seagrass, Sea Ganoderma{{Highlight|, Harra Fruit, Zaytun Peach, Sumeru Rose}}.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Seed Dispensary was released.
<noinclude>
[[fr:Boîte à graines/Historique]]
</noinclude>