{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75011
|image         = World Quest Seeker No Finding.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Tale of Dreams Plucked From Fire
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Chikya; Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ameyalco Waters]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Toyac Springs
|subarea       = Ameyalco Waters
|poi           = The Upper Sanctum
|prev          = Tracer No Tracing
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3;Iridescent Inscription Fragment*1
|rep           = "People of the Springs"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 96
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Seeker No Finding''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Toyac Springs]], [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Head to [[the Upper Sanctum]]
# Head to the next floating island
# Examine the Iridescent Inscription
# Head to the last floating island
# Examine the Iridescent Inscription
# Explore the floating island
# Investigate the giant stone tablet
# Complete the trial
# Head to the center of the Upper Sanctum
# Go over to the stone tablet in the middle
# Defeat the monsters that have been awakened {{Enemy List|1=Eroding Avatar of Lava*0{text=Guardian Avatar of Lava}/white variant;Eroding Avatar of Lava*0{text=Summoned Avatar of Lava}/white variant;Eroding Avatar of Lava*0{text=Awakened Avatar of Lava}/white variant}}
# Talk to Chikya<!--This step is only visible for a split-second, but clearly visible if you finish the fight further away from the start radius of the fight.-->

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing step 8 awards the {{Achievement|Hidden... Ahead}}.
* Completing the quest awards the {{Achievement|Not All Treasure Is Silver and Gold}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Find out if the 2 lines marked {{cx}} can be made to appear under any condition, or if these lines don't actually appear in-game at all.}}
{{Quest Description|Search for the legendary "elixir that can cure all injuries" with Chikya.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Ride the spirit pathway)
:'''Chikya:''' I'm pretty happy with how things have gone. Actually, make that delighted... Hehe, didn't expect to reach the Upper Sanctum.
:'''Chikya:''' I originally thought I'd just about make it to the entrance below for a quick look around...
:'''Chikya:''' It was all thanks to you, {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}}. And to think, what a waste it would have been if I'd gone to all the trouble of sneaking out but not seen a thing...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr?
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh... What do you mean by "sneaking out"?
:'''Chikya:''' Okay, so here's the thing... I left without telling my friends and family in the tribe...
:'''Chikya:''' Oh, didn't I tell you before?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a sec, isn't that running away from home!?
:'''Chikya:''' Don't be silly, only children run away from home... Adults just "vanish into thin air"!{{Verify|{{cx}}}}

;(After arriving at the Upper Sanctum)
:'''Paimon:''' So this is the Upper Sanctum, huh... From down below, you'd think it was all gray and empty up here...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Who'd have thought it would be like this...
:'''Chikya:''' Indeed. It is said that the floating matter here is held together by the power of [[phlogiston]], itself a highly vigorous energy source... It's a strange phenomenon, but that's the best way to understand it for now.
:'''Chikya:''' This also explains not only why grass and flowers grow above it, but also how it warms cooled earth anew, and ignites a conflagration of souls in the darkness.
:'''Chikya:''' This is the phlogiston... Won for us by the [[Sage of the Stolen Flame]], snatched from the very claws of the [[Xiuhcoatl|giant dragon]].
:'''Chikya:''' Hmph, and speaking of which, that reminds me... When some people in the tribe lay eyes upon the Upper Sanctum...
:'''Chikya:''' ...They have the nerve to doubt that a mere human could create such floating islands through the power of phlogiston, thus concluding that the Sage of the Stolen Flame must have been a kind of dragon too.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr?
:{{DIcon}} They actually believe that?
:{{DIcon}} People are free to think what they want...
::'''Chikya:''' I understand that changing the way other people think about the world can be nigh-on impossible, but why, if it doesn't drive me up a wall!
:'''Chikya:''' Just because they couldn't do it themselves, they insist that anyone who could must've been superhuman. I'd rather not hang around with people who have such a losing mentality.
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh, anyway, what about the treasure and the elixir?
:'''Paimon:''' Given that's what we've come for, it doesn't look like there's much for us here!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Chikya:''' Hehe, you didn't actually think this was going to be that simple, did you? We're being put to the test by the "mad" Sage of the Stolen Flame, after all.
:'''Chikya:''' If the ancient scrolls are right, we must find some mechanisms to activate, complete the final trial, and then reach the center of the Upper Sanctum...
:'''Chikya:''' But I have no more idea than you as to what this so-called center is supposed to look like. Thinking back, I'm sure the images of the floating islands I've seen before were a bit different from what we're seeing now...
:'''Chikya:''' But it's possible that as I've aged, even my memory &mdash; which I was once so proud of &mdash; is becoming unreliable. Anyway... seeing as we've come this far, let's rely on our intuition instead!
:{{DIcon}} So, how are we going to activate these mechanisms?
:'''Chikya:''' Hmm... You should be able to activate them using phlogiston, just like with Phlogiston Engraving?
:'''Chikya:''' That's what's shown in the scrolls, anyhow. Apparently, the [[Phlogiston Chiselith]]s all over Natlan were based on the mechanisms here... Making these mechanisms incredible relics in and of themselves.
:'''Chikya:''' Well, {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}}, you've shown great promise so far, hehe. Time you went and gave it a try, hmm?

;(Approach the first Iridescent Inscription)
:'''Chikya:''' Hmm, that's odd... What are these [[Iridescent Inscription]]s doing here?
:'''Chikya:''' In theory, these things constitute an even more ancient language than the Phlogiston Engravings...

;(Touch the first Iridescent Inscription)
:'''Chikya:''' Huh? It disappeared after {{Traveler}} touched it...?
:{{Black Screen|Those that would receive the flame, go to the monument where its seed resides.}}

;(Approach the second Iridescent Inscription)
:'''Chikya:''' Hmm... What are these Iridescent Inscriptions doing here?

;(Touch the second Iridescent Inscription)
:'''Chikya:''' Another Iridescent Inscription? Wait... No. This doesn't look like something that humans can use.{{Verify|{{cx}}}}
:'''Chikya:''' Gone again?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrrawr?
:{{Black Screen|Those that would receive the flame, complete the trial and head to the floating island.}}

;(Approach the mechanism with a round, glowing stone)
:'''Paimon:''' Whew, this should be the last mechanism...
:'''Paimon:''' This one's no different from the others. Chikya, you sure you haven't fallen for some kind of trick?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Chikya:''' Of course not! When it comes to deciphering ancient scrolls, I have great confidence... some confidence... well, a certain degree of confidence in my abilities!
:'''Paimon:''' Your confidence is shrinking by the second! Gah, help!
:'''Chikya:''' Anyway, I'm fairly sure this isn't the last mechanism. If I remember rightly, it should be larger and... more complete?
:{{DIcon}} "Floating islands"...
:'''Chikya:''' {{MC|m=Young lad|f=Young lass}}, irrespective of the great promise you've shown, no one will understand you unless you speak in full sentences.
:'''Chikya:''' ...As for whether the treasure is real, and the elixir really exists... Well, you'll only know once you've given it a try.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Chikya:''' If it doesn't work this time, it'll work the next; and if not here, then somewhere else. As long as you stay in the game, a miracle's bound to happen sooner or later!
:{{DIcon}} Your optimism truly knows no bounds.
::'''Chikya:''' I'll take that as a compliment!
:{{DIcon}} If we can motivate ourselves to keep trying, that'll be a miracle in itself...
::'''Chikya:''' We'll have none of that kind of negativity here!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Chikya:''' Hehe, see, {{Little One}}'s excited too. Come on then, {{Traveler}}, use phlogiston to activate the mechanism!

;(Commence the trial)
:'''Chikya:''' Huh, the Iridescent Inscription turned into that ball... Is it trying to tell us to follow it by riding the [[Spiritway]]?
:'''Chikya:''' Looks like this is the final trial. Go go go!
:'''Paimon:''' Ohhh, an "elixir that can cure all injuries"!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(While riding the Spiritway)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, could this Spiritway be the final trial?

:'''Chikya:''' Ah, look there, a new Spiritway has appeared. Are we supposed to jump up on top of that... ?

:'''Chikya:''' Jumping around like this is actually pretty fun...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

:'''Chikya:''' Careful! That fissure over there doesn't look too safe...

:'''Chikya:''' Look, that was where we were before.
:'''Chikya:''' Well that wasn't very considerate of the Sage of the Stolen Flame, was it? Why wasn't that Spiritway there from the start!?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, we'll have to go left &mdash; the road ahead's blocked. Jump over to the left!

:'''Chikya:''' Ah, the Iridescent Inscription... It's gone again. That's odd.
:'''Chikya:''' So the whole point of the trial was to get us to touch these Iridescent Inscriptions?
:'''Chikya:''' But... why? Could it be that these Iridescent Inscriptions are some kind of mechanism?

:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawr?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? {{Traveler}}, is Paimon seeing things? How come she feels like there's a whole new floating island in the middle now?
:'''Chikya:''' Your eyes do not deceive you, Paimon. That... is the center of the Upper Sanctum.
:'''Chikya:''' Huh, so does that mean that the whole point of those Iridescent Inscriptions from before was...

;(Approach the mechanism with a round, glowing stone)
:'''Chikya:''' Well I never, a hidden island in the center of the Upper Sanctum... *sigh* And there I was, wondering why it looked so different from what I saw in the pictures.
:'''Chikya:''' So my memory's fine after all. I wouldn't be in charge of looking after all those ancient woven scrolls if it wasn't, hmm?
:'''Paimon:''' But apart from that even larger rock in the middle, there's nothing else here... Or could this giant rock itself be the Sage's legendary gift?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr?
:'''Chikya:''' ...At this point, I'm genuinely stumped. In all the scrolls I've seen, when the heroes pass the trial and reach this place, they should sense the spirit of the Sage of the Stolen Flame.
:'''Chikya:''' As long as you've reached this place by passing the trial, you're supposed to feel as if you're being called, somehow.
:'''Chikya:''' But I've no idea what that means in practice. I was under the impression that I'd be able to work that out once I got here, that I could... *sigh* Looks like that was wishful thinking...
:{{Black Screen|Stretch... out your hand... Chosen of... Reach out to me...}}
:{{Black Screen|This is the final trial... With this... light up the temple within you... and the fire within your heart...}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} Then... Do you know what it means?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Chikya:''' You... saw something? You saw something!? Gracious me! So the one worthy of the gift was you after all, {{MC|m=young lad|f=young lass}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon didn't see anything either... Weird.
:{{DIcon}} I saw a golden pattern...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' A golden pattern? You mean, the same one you saw the first time you met {{Little One}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon thought you were just seeing things back there!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}, telling Paimon to look up's no use, she can't see it! But seeing as you've said it's there...
:{{DIcon}} The tone sounds familiar too...
:{{DIcon}} It's definitely the same person that left that golden pattern before...
:'''Paimon:''' So maybe the one that left it behind was the Sage of the Stolen Flame?
:'''Chikya:''' What, what? You mean to say that you've previously been given a sign by the Sage of the Stolen Flame...?
:'''Chikya:''' I said you had a bright future ahead of you, {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}}, and what lies before you now, but a future oh so radiant? I knew you showed great promise &mdash; I wouldn't have taken a shine to you otherwise! So, have you figured out how to receive the gift?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I just have to...
:{{DIcon}} (Reach out towards the giant stone tablet...)

;(While fighting the enemies)
:'''Chikya:''' Ahh, watch out! I'm guessing that means that the final trial is indeed a battle, after all...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawrrr...
:'''Chikya:''' {{Traveler}}, watch out for their fists!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''Chikya:''' The water level has risen somewhat... and the spring's now full of phlogiston.
:'''Chikya:''' The water below my knees is warm, and I can feel a warmth flowing through my limbs... A lovely sensation.
:'''Paimon:''' So the Sage's gift wasn't an "elixir that can cure all injuries," but rather the hot spring here?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not exactly surprised, given the [[People of the Springs]] aren't far off...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Chikya:''' Hehe, {{Little One}}'s looking pretty cozy there.
:'''Chikya:''' This isn't just any old hot spring, little floaty Paimon. Once a hero who has been chosen bathes in this spring, they'll be granted the power to wield phlogiston.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, really? So... What'll happen if Paimon dives in?
:'''Chikya:''' Hmm, good question... Yes, I think I know. You'd still be Paimon, just a soaking wet one.
:'''Paimon:''' Whaaat... Ugh, Paimon thought she might get to use phlogiston too, and transform into some kind of super awesome Pyro Paimon!
:'''Chikya:''' Sadly, I think not, because you haven't been chosen...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute, Chikya... You knew that this hot spring would be the final gift, yet you claimed you were searching for an "elixir that can cure all injuries," and that you'd share it with us too!
:'''Chikya:''' Hehe, there are so many types of injury in the world. How could you possibly expect a single elixir to be able to heal them all?
:'''Chikya:''' But when it comes down to it, wisdom is the solution to all our worries. Yes, I tricked you this time, little Paimon. But when we make mistakes, we learn from 'em, and take one step closer to resolving our worries... Isn't that a wonderful outcome too?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, okay... That actually kinda makes sense...
:{{DIcon}} So, have your injuries been cured?
::'''Chikya:''' No, not at all. My heart still aches from the niggling pain of all my various injuries. And in that sense, I've been tricked as well &mdash; tricked terribly, by myself.
:{{DIcon}} Have you learned how to use phlogiston?
:'''Chikya:''' Even if I took a bath in a hot spring filled with phlogiston, I would still be unable to use it. In the past, so the ancient scrolls say, tribespeople who could not already wield phlogiston only ever learned to do so by passing the trial...
:'''Chikya:''' So it hasn't had any effect at all!
:'''Paimon:''' ...Wait. You're clearly from Natlan... but you can't use phlogiston?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr?
:'''Chikya:''' Paimon, you know, these delayed responses of yours can be quite hurtful at critical moments like this! Yes, nearly everyone in Natlan can use phlogiston, but "nearly" is not "all."
:'''Chikya:''' When I was very young, I once suffered a grave injury, in connection with the [[Abyss]]...
:'''Chikya:''' It was a miracle that I even survived, and I was in terrible health. I told you I could jump great distances with an [[Iktomisaurus|Iktomisaur]] on my back, but I'd be fooling you &mdash; for Iktomisaurs can float up and make themselves as light as a feather, so they don't weigh a thing.
:'''Chikya:''' It may well be due to this injury that I am unable to use phlogiston. No matter what I try, I simply can't do it. I've wracked my brains, pored over all kinds of different scrolls...
:'''Chikya:''' Though others view them as virtually obsolete, I am well-versed in analyzing "Phlogiston Engraving" through patterns. I put lots of effort into memorizing all the meanings, honing a great memory while doing so.
:'''Chikya:''' For me, teaching the children of our tribe the basics about phlogiston was also an opportunity to observe how they would discover the ability to use it. And speaking of which &mdash; I'm quite popular with the children!
:'''Chikya:''' I know everything there is to know about phlogiston, and the more I understand, the more in awe of it I am. But the more awe I feel, the more regret and frustration I feel for not being able to wield it myself.
:'''Chikya:''' *sigh* It was all thanks to you that we were able to make it through all those trials. I understand that to learn skills from our ancestors, sacrifices must be made...
:'''Chikya:''' But I simply don't have that kind of courage. Perhaps that's why I can't use phlogiston, haha...
:'''Paimon:''' Chikya...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Chikya:''' It's alright, I came to terms with it a long time ago. If it doesn't work this time, there's always next time. I'll find a way eventually!
:'''Chikya:''' Thank you so much... I'm grateful for everything you've done for me, {{Traveler}}. I know I keep saying it, but you have a fine future ahead of you, {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}}. Not only are you amazingly talented, but you're so kind as well.
:'''Chikya:''' Unlike me, for whom everything seems to be set in place now... {{MC|m=Lad|f=Lass}}, I'm sure you'll have many more incredible adventures to look forward to.
:'''Chikya:''' I'm a little jealous, to be honest!
:'''Chikya:''' {{Traveler}}, {{MC|m=young lad|f=young lass}} full of promise &mdash; wherever the road takes you, may your travels be smooth, forever and always!
:{{DIcon}} And the same to you...
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure you'll achieve your aspirations!
:'''Paimon:''' Even if there's no "elixir that can cure all injuries," Paimon's sure you'll find an "elixir that can cure your injuries"!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Chikya:''' Haha... Thank you Paimon, {{Traveler}}... and last but not least, {{Little One}}.
:'''Chikya:''' ...Your words have genuinely moved me, {{Traveler}}. Really, I'm touched by what you've said, {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}} &mdash;because you're someone that people can count on.
:'''Chikya:''' Alright, let me rest here a while longer. This hot spring's mighty relaxing, after all. I'll soak in here for a bit, then get back to poring through ancient scrolls for a cure...
:'''Chikya:''' *sigh* I might be in for a scolding for running off from home, though...
:'''Chikya:''' But just as you said, {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}}, I'll have to work hard to achieve my aspirations!

;(Talk to Chikya again, optional)
:'''Chikya:''' Oh, it's you! The young {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}} with the bright future ahead of {{MC|m=him|f=her}}. What's up? Journey got you tired enough for a soak in the hot spring?
:'''Chikya:''' Well, I haven't learned how to use phlogiston yet, but my back's no longer killing me as much as before. So at least it seems like the healing effect here is better than over at the People of the Springs.
:'''Chikya:''' Though I'm still a long, long way away from achieving my real goal, not having such a bad back thanks to this hot spring surely counts for about, say... ten percent!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/lIuJSsGJcc8
|caption1 = Seeker No Finding Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Seeker No Finding
|zhs      = 溯寻者不可得
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 溯尋者不可得
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 得られぬ求者
|ja_rm    = Erarenu Kyuusha{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 찾을수록 얻기 힘든 법
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Rastreador inalcanzable
|es_tl    = Unreachable Tracker
|fr       = Chercheur introuvable
|fr_tl    = Seeker Unfound
|ru       = Искатель не находит
|ru_tl    = Seeker Doesn't Find
|th       = ผู้แสวงหาไม่อาจคว้า
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Người Tìm Lại Không Thể Tìm Thấy
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Erfolgloses Suchen
|de_tl    = Unsuccessful Searching
|id       = Pencari Tidak Boleh Mencari
|id_tl    = The Seeker Shall Not Find
|pt       = Buscador Indesejado
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Arayıp Bulamayan
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Cercatore introvabile
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}