{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.5]]
*Added 14 Matador Monetoo to [[Ancient Sacred Mountain]], and [[Atocpan]] in Natlan.
----
[[Version 5.2]]
*Added 12 Monetoo to [[Quahuacan Cliff]], and [[Tezcatepetonco Range]] in Natlan.
----
[[Version 5.0]]
*Introduced Monetoo in [[Natlan]] region.
*Added 40 Monetoo to [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Coatepec Mountain]], [[Tequemecan Valley]] and [[Toyac Springs]] in Natlan.
----
[[Version 4.6]]
*Added 7 Mysterious Seelie to [[Sea of Bygone Eras]] in [[Fontaine]].
----
[[Version 4.4]]
*Added 20 Mysterious Seelie to [[Chenyu Vale]] in [[Liyue]].
----
[[Version 4.2]]
*Added 13 Mysterious Seelie to [[Erinnyes Forest]] and [[Morte Region]] in [[Fontaine]].
----
[[Version 4.1]] 
*Added 13 Mysterious Seelie to [[Liffey Region]] and [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]] in [[Fontaine]].
----
[[Version 4.0]] 
*Added 42 Mysterious Seelie to [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Beryl Region]] and [[Belleau Region]] in [[Fontaine]].
----
[[Version 3.6]]
*Added 20 Mysterious Seelie to the [[Girdle of the Sands]] in Sumeru.
----
[[Version 3.4]]  
*Added 27 Mysterious Seelie to the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]] in Sumeru.
----
[[Version 3.1]]
*Added 52 Mysterious Seelie to the [[Great Red Sand]] in Sumeru.
----
[[Version 3.0]]
*Added 2 Mysterious Seelie in [[Liyue]].
*Added 54 Mysterious Seelie in [[Sumeru]].
----
[[Version 2.6]]
*Introduced [[Luminous Seelie]] in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] area.
*Added 9 Mysterious Seelie in [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]].
*Added 30 Luminous Seelie in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]].
----
[[Version 2.4]]
*Added 39 Mysterious Seelie in [[Enkanomiya]].
----
[[Version 2.2]]
*Added 9 Mysterious Seelie and 11 Electro Seelie to [[Tsurumi Island]] in Inazuma.
----
[[Version 2.1]]  
*Added 7 Mysterious Seelie and 25 Electro Seelie to [[Watatsumi Island]] and [[Seirai Island]] in Inazuma.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
*Introduced Electro Seelie in [[Inazuma]] region.
*Added 22 Mysterious Seelie and 45 Electro Seelie to [[Narukami Island]], [[Kannazuka]], and [[Yashiori Island]] in Inazuma.
----
[[Version 1.6]] 
*Added 1 Mysterious Seelie in the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]]. Following the Seelie as part of the quest ''[[The Winding Homeward Way]]'' will increase exploration progress towards Mondstadt. (This Seelie does not count towards the ''[[Guiding Wind]]'' achievement)
----
[[Version 1.3]]
*Added 3 Mysterious Seelie in [[Liyue]] region as part of the ''[[The Illumiscreen: II]]'' World Quest.
----
[[Version 1.2]]
*Introduced Warming Seelie in [[Dragonspine]] area.
*Added 1 additional Mysterious Seelie in [[Mondstadt]] and 1 additional Mysterious Seelie in [[Liyue]].
*In related texts such as a [[Loading Screen]] message and some [[Achievements]], the term "Seelie Gardens" was renamed into "Seelie Courts"
----
[[Version 1.0]]
*Seelie were released with 130 Mysterious Seelie.