{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Selfless Floral Accessory.png
|set   = Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A brooch that the witch in the tale wore. As with the other ornaments she loved, this was characterized by butterfly-like shapes.}}
'''Selfless Floral Accessory''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods]].

==Description==
The little dog ran up to the attic, got a nose full of dust, and couldn't help but have a sneezing fit.<br>
"Come on, Pie, just look at you! You used to be the color of Apple Pie, but now you look more like you've been covered in mulberry jam!"<br>
The little girl pursued the dog named "Pie" into the tiny attic, and helped him brush the dust away.<br>
The attic was filled with beautifully bound books, and the girl chose one from the shelf. The cover was adorned with beautiful golden-winged butterflies.<br>
"It looks like a storybook. Maybe the stories that Mother likes to tell are from this book! What do you think, Pie?"<br>
The little dog gave a short bark and curled up by her feet as usual.<br>
"Hmph! If I can finish it before Mother..."<br>
And so the girl opened the storybook, and the yellowed pages unfurled like the wings of a butterfly...

That was a story that happened not long ago. Legends say that in the Echoing Woods, there lived a witch who could grant any wish.<br>
But this witch was just as eccentric as those to be found in other stories. She used magic to cover the entire forest in a thick, impenetrable fog. Any who entered would be confused by the echoes, and so few could find her secluded hut, much less make any wish.<br>
But one day, a youth finally knocked on the witch's door.<br>
The youth had originally been looking for a blue flower, but his gaze had been drawn by a golden-winged butterfly. As he chased it, he arrived at the witch's hut without realizing it. Only then did he recall the legends of the wish-granting witch, and after hemming and hawing, he finally decided to knock.<br>
Before he could knock thrice, the door opened.<br>
"I have a wish..." Began the youth.<br>
"That's what they all say." The witch cut him off, "For me, granting your wishes is a trifling matter. But the price of said wish is different for everybody."<br>
"The girl I love... Her heart already belongs to another. But I do not wish to use the power of magic to change her feelings, I only want her to have all the happiness in the world. If you can grant this wish, I will give you anything I have, my time, my money, even my soul, I willingly offer it all to you."<br>
"Your wish will come true. But the price will be paid in the future, and the price won't necessarily be your soul... We witches do what we will."<br>
"But what in this world could be more precious than a person's soul?"<br>
"You'll know when the appointed time comes, that only a heart of gold may be weighed."<br>
...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Selfless Floral Accessory
|zhs      = 无私的妆饰花
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 無私的妝飾花
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 無私の花飾り
|ja_rm    = Mushi no Hanakazari
|ja_tl    = Selfless Floral Accessory
|ko       = 이타적인 꽃 장식
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Flor Ornamental de la Abnegación
|es_tl    = Ornamental Flower of Abnegation
|fr       = Accessoire floral d'altruisme
|fr_tl    = Floral Accessory of Altruism
|ru       = Бескорыстный цветок
|ru_tl    = Selfless Flower
|th       = Selfless Floral Accessory
|vi       = Đóa Hoa Vị Tha
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Selbstloser Blumenschmuck
|de_tl    = Selfless Floral Decoration
|id       = Selfless Floral Accessory
|pt       = Flor Altruísta
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Fedakar Çiçekli Aksesuar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Accessorio floreale altruista
|it_tl    = Selfless Floral Accessory
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods}}

[[fr:Accessoire floral d'altruisme]]
[[ja:無私の花飾り]]
[[tr:Fedakar Çiçekli Aksesuar]]
[[uk:Безкорисливий квітковий аксесуар]]
[[vi:Đóa Hoa Vị Tha]]
[[zh:無私的妝飾花]]