{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73501
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Selling Like Hot Carvings.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Graven Innocence
|part          = 2
|characters    = Alia; Collei; Fayez; Mamdouh; Paimon; Qasit; Razi; Ruhi; Tanger; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = The Unappreciated Carving
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Selling Like Hot Carvings''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Graven Innocence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the artisans and [[Razi]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]], including [[Serenitea Pot]], cannot be accessed during this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Did the kids like new carving? Did Tanger repent? Go to Port Ormos and find out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon receiving the quest)
:{{A|vo mkeq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The 20th anniversary of Acara Crafts is coming up. Paimon wonders what the children thought of the Aranara carvings we helped create! Let's go check it out.

;(Approach [[Acara Crafts]])
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 qasit 01.ogg}} '''Qasit:''' Aww... I got the same one again. When will I get the chubby, squishy one...
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 qasit 02.ogg}} '''Qasit:''' I guess I'll just have to save up my allowance and get them all.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 alia 01.ogg}} '''Alia:''' Huh...? I thought you came here every day! Have you still not collected them all yet?
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 alia 02.ogg}} '''Alia:''' You should've gotten them as a set. That way, you get seven different designs at once.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 qasit 03.ogg}} '''Qasit:''' But then there's no surprise...
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 alia 03.ogg}} '''Alia:''' Surprises are boring! I want to have every design there is! That's what you do when you really love something.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 alia 04.ogg}} '''Alia:''' I've finally saved up enough to buy the set today.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 mamdouh 01.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' I'm very sorry, but the one Qasit bought was our very last carving. We're out of stock today.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 mamdouh 02.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' But, we're working on expanding our team, so please check back tomorrow!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 alia 05.ogg}} '''Alia:''' Fine, I'll come back tomorrow. Hmph, just so you know, [[Aranara]] carvings are more than just "stock"!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 qasit 04.ogg}} '''Qasit:''' Yeah!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 mamdouh 03.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' Alright, alright, I'm sorry...
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 01.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Sorry buddy, our Aranara carvings have sold out for today.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 ruhi 01.ogg}} '''Ruhi:''' Sold out? Oh no... I was gonna buy one for my cousin who's visiting tomorrow.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 02.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Hey, how about this? You live near Razi's house, right? We'll deliver the new carvings to you first thing tomorrow.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 ruhi 02.ogg}} '''Ruhi:''' Wow, thanks, Mr. Fayez! Don't forget, okay!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 03.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' I promise. Acara Crafts would never let down a child!
;(The children leave and the Traveler, Paimon, and Collei approach)
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 04.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Ah, more customers. Sorry, our Aranara carvings have...
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 05.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Oh hey, it's you guys. Thank you so much for your help. We've been planning on visiting you to express our gratitude, but as you can see... our store's been really busy.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 06.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' If it weren't for you, the store's anniversary might have been a different story.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like your business is doing very well.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like the Aranara are really popular.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 07.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' It's all thanks to Razi. He has so much creativity at such a young age.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 fayez 08.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Oh, and we would like you to have the [[Prototype Aranara]] as a small token of appreciation.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Woah, wait... This looks kinda...
:{{DIcon}} Mind-blowing.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Right, mind-blowing. It has a very... mysterious feel.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... We appreciate your thought, but please give us some time to decide if we wanna keep it.
:{{Black Screen|Now that the toymakers' problems are resolved, let's visit Tanger and Razi!}}
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 razi 01.ogg}} '''Razi:''' The Aranara father owned up to his mistake and was forgiven by his Aranara son...
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 razi 02.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Hmm... I think everyone will like how the story goes, but the reason the father owned up to his mistake was too simple.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 tanger 01.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Perhaps we could make them go through some kind of hardship together. I'm sure they'll become more understanding of each other that way. The Aranara father will feel guilty after seeing his son work hard.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 razi 03.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Hmm, when the Aranara father starts feeling guilty, should he speak more slowly, or more quickly?
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 tanger 02.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' That depends on the Aranara son. It would be interesting to hear them speak at different paces.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Tanger and Razi, what's up!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 razi 04.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad and I are just discussing our latest story. I'll be the one telling the story this time.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 razi 05.ogg}} '''Razi:''' But I'm a little nervous about telling a story in front of so many people. That's why I'm asking Dad for advice.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Sumeru's gonna have a new young storyteller.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 tanger 03.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' If it weren't for you, Razi would surely have left me for good.
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's so glad everything worked out!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... there's still something that doesn't quite add up!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh? What is it? Do you need help investigating something?
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why would a Mondstadter leave a note in a tree hollow deep in [[Avidya Forest]]?
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I&mdash;I thought we moved on from this topic! Um... it was just a coincidence!
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' A lot of people write down their secrets and hide them in tree hollows! It's not a big deal at all...
:{{DIcon}} Collei looks kinda flustered all of a sudden.
:{{DIcon}} Is it really that common?
:{{A|vo mkeq002 6 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ugh... Uhhh... Okay...
;(If the player has not completed [[A Forest of Change]])
::{{A|vo mkeq002 7 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I might have an idea about who that Mondstadter is.
::{{A|vo mkeq002 7 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'll tell you more about it when we get the chance.
::{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
::{{DIcon}} I look forward to that day.
;(If the player has completed A Forest of Change)
::{{A|vo mkeq002 6 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I have my secrets and troubles too. And... I tell them to tree hollows.
::{{A|vo mkeq002 6 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But seeing Razi and Tanger has given me an idea:
::{{A|vo mkeq002 6 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' {{Traveler}}, could you be my tree hollow?
::{{DIcon}} It'd be my pleasure.
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
;(Quest completes)

;(Talk to Fayez)
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq002 fayez 01.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Please let me know if you decide you want to keep the Prototype Aranara, and we'll go get it from the warehouse at once.
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to see other carvings.
:;(Opens [[Graven Innocence#Event Shop|event shop]])
:{{DIcon}} See you.

;(Talk to Mamdouh)
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq002 mamdouh 01.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' We didn't expect the carvings to be so popular. My hands are getting sore from making them.
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq002 mamdouh 02.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' We won't be developing any new toys for a while. Right now, our focus is on making Aranara carvings so that all children in Port Ormos can have one of their own.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Selling Like Hot Carvings
|zhs     = 热销的木刻
|zhs_rm  = Rèxiāo de Mùkè
|zht     = 熱銷的木刻
|zht_rm  = Rèxiāo de Mùkè
|zh_tl   = Hot-Selling Woodcuts
|ja      = よく売れる木彫り
|ja_rm   = Yoku Ureru Kibari
|ja_tl   = Wooden Carvings Selling Well
|ko      = 잘 팔리는 목각
|ko_tl   = Salable Woodcarving
|es      = Las exitosas figuras de madera
|es_tl   = The Successful Wood Figures
|fr      = Des figurines prisées
|fr_tl   = Popular Figurines
|ru      = Популярная игрушка
|ru_tl   = Popular Toy
|th      = ไม้แกะสลักยอดนิยม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tượng Gỗ Bán Cháy Hàng
|vi_tl   = Sold Out Wooden Figures
|de      = Holzfigur mit reißendem Absatz
|de_tl   = Wooden Figure with Raging Marketing
|id      = Ukiran Kayu Laris Manis
|id_tl   = Best-Selling Wood Carving
|pt      = Escultura Popular
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[pt-br:Escultura Popular]]
[[ru:Популярная игрушка]]