[[Version 3.3]]
* Added a search function while creating and placing furnishings.
* Increased the limit of [[Serenitea Pot/Realm Depot/Furnishings|Furnishings]] that could be purchased from Tubby's Realm Depot each day after achieving Trust Rank 10.
* Added the source of each furnishing to the item description.
----
[[Version 3.2]]
* Added [[Replication]] System to share designs with codes to the [[Adeptal Mirror]] menu.
* Added the Realm Layout [[Sublime Spicewood]].
----
[[Version 3.1]]
* Added Realm Waypoint: A Place to Return To to the map.
* Allows most Furnishings to be clipped with each other.
----
Version 2.?
* [[Water]] in the [[Cool Isle]] layout can no longer be [[Frozen]] or [[Electro-Charged]].
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* Optimizes the volume of music in the Serenitea Pot.
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Added Create Set button in Furnishing Placement screen to move and store multiple Furnishings.
* Increased the number of items sold by Chubby each week due to the addition of [[Radiant Spincrystal]]s to the shop.
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Furnishings can be learned from the Creation menu.
* Further reduced load for duplicate furnishings.
* Added the Realm Layout [[Silken Courtyard]].
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Added reduced load for duplicate furnishings.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Unlock requirement reduced from [[Adventure Rank]] 35 to 30.
* Added [[Gardening]].
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* Added Companion move-in feature
* Added more furniture blueprints to [[Realm Depot]] shop.
* Increased load limits within the Main Hall and the Corridor.
** {{Color|old|Old Load:}} The load limit was 8,800 for each room.
** {{Color|new|New Load:}} The load limit is 10,000 for each room.
* Rooms on the second floor opened for decoration.
* Added some sound effects to Furnishing placement screen.
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* The Serenitea Pot was released.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>