{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15016
|image         = Story Quest Serenity's Reprise.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = A Prayer for Blessings, Told to Crested Peaks
|actNum        = III
|act           = Melodious Chant
|character     = Xilonen
|part          = 4
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Traveler; Xilonen
|startLocation = {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|,}} [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|prev          = Wailing Cacophony
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*60;Mora*17,050;Guide to Kindling*5;Adventurer's Experience*8;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
|rep           = "Children of Echoes"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 98
|repTitle      = Melodious Chant
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Serenity's Reprise''''' is the fourth part of {{Quest|Melodious Chant}}.

==Steps==
# Visit [[Xilonen]]'s workshop again the next day
# Head to Xilonen's workshop for a visit

==Gameplay Notes==
* After completing this quest, [[Nepecha]] can be found in the open-world at Xilonen's workshop.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Tlazolli awaits her punishment, Nepecha has regained her "name," and the Blazegem Inscriptions are about to be destroyed. The nightmare and entrapment have both dissipated, and it is all over. Xilonen has also brought Nepecha to her own workshop. Perhaps she still has something in mind...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Xilonen's workshop after passing time)
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Ah, you're here. Everything's been taken care of now. I was just about to go have a rest.
:{{DIcon}} So what about [[Tlazolli]]? Will she be punished?
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Well, the tribe is still discussing that. I mean, not many have ever used Ancient Names to commit a crime... [[Pacal]] will have a lot on his plate.
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' What I do know is that Tlazolli's workshop will be closed permanently, and any remaining incomplete [[Blazegem Inscription]]s will be completely destroyed.
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' As for the completed Blazegem Inscriptions, I'll be handling them, which, yeah, yet another hassle to deal with...
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Anyway, at least her Ancient Name is fine, otherwise, we'd have a real mess on our hands...
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, and speaking of Ancient Names, I actually have some good news. The memories that were absorbed by the Blazegem Inscriptions can be restored to their owners.
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Once all the Blazegem Inscriptions stop working, the memories will return to their respective owners.
:{{DIcon}} So everyone's memories of [[Nechca]]...
:{{DIcon}} Will all come back?
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Yeah, that's right. Huh, wait, now that I think about it... In her attempt to get Nechca to come back, Auntie made the entire tribe forget about her.
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Now, Nechca really is gone, but everyone is about to remember her... What a bizarre turn of events.
:{{DIcon}} How's Nepecha doing?
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' She's resting in my workshop. I contacted others from the tribe, and told them about my plan to conduct an official investigation into her history.
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The tribe hasn't responded yet, so I'm planning to take her in for now, and teach her some crafting skills.
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But that's for another time. For now, she should just rest and sleep.
:{{A|vo xnnlq006 1 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' After all, she's got a busy future ahead of her.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Serenity's Reprise
|zhs      = 宁和的归韵
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 寧和的歸韻
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 静けさに帰る
|ja_rm    = Shizukesa ni Kaeru
|ja_tl    = Return to Serenity
|ko       = 평온한 마침음
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El retorno de la calma
|es_tl    = The Return of Calm
|fr       = Reprise de la sérénité
|fr_tl    = Serenity's Reprise
|ru       = Возвращение безмятежности
|ru_tl    = Serenity's Return
|th       = การกลับมาของความสงบ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thanh Âm Yên Bình
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Rückkehr der Stille
|de_tl    = Return of Silence
|id       = Sajak Damai Sejahtera
|id_tl    = Poem of Peacefulness
|pt       = Reprise da Serenidade
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yeniden Dinginlik
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Ritorno alla serenità
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}