{{SereniteaPotTabs}}
{{CustomTabs
|rootpage  = Serenitea Pot/Load
|namespace = 
|class     = custom-tabs-secondary
|tab1      = Overview
|tab2      = Exterior
|tab3      = Interior
}}
'''Load''' is informally described as the space taken up by [[furnishing]]s placed in an Exterior Area or Room. Each furnishing takes up a certain amount of load, and the total amount of load taken up by the furnishings in the area cannot exceed the load limit of that area.

The amount of load that remains available in an area is indicated by the ''Load'' indicator in the Furnishing Placement menu with green, orange, and red colored dots.
*'''Green''': Many more furnishings can be placed
*'''Orange''': Only a few more furnishings can be placed, and the load is close to limit
*'''Red''': Only a few more low-load furnishings can be placed, or the load is already at limit

The amount of load available can depend on the player's device, particularly those with lower specifications. Only furnishings within the device limits will render, and additional furnishings cannot be placed when the device limit is reached. To place additional furnishings, decrease the [[Settings#Graphics|graphics setting]] of the device or use a more powerful device.

==Load Limits==
===Exterior Areas===
{{Main|Serenitea Pot/Load/Exterior}}
All [[Realm Layout#Areas|Exterior Areas]] in the Realm have a load limit of 16,000 each. The load indicator will turn orange at 10,000 and red at 15,000. Note that the load amount of the [[Main Building/Mansion|Main Building]] will count towards the load limit of the Exterior Area in which it is placed. In addition and separate to the load limit, there is maximum furnishing limit of 449 for every Exterior Area.

===Interior Rooms===
{{Main|Serenitea Pot/Load/Interior}}
In the [[Mansion]], the Main Hall and the Corridor have a load limit of 16,000 each, while the rooms have a load limit of 6,400 each. Note that the load amount of the [[Decoration/Ceiling Lamp|Ceiling Lamp]]s will count towards the load limit of their respective rooms. In addition and separate to the load limit, there is maximum furnishing limit of 149 for every Interior Area, NOT including the [[Decoration/Ceiling Lamp|Ceiling Lamp]]s of respective rooms.

===Companions===
Each [[companion]] takes up between 1,200 and 2,000 load, depending on the character. A maximum of 8 companions (excluding Paimon) can be placed within the Serenitea Pot, regardless of the amount of load left available.

==Reduced Load==
The amount of load taken up by duplicate furnishings (i.e., the second copy and beyond) is often reduced. When calculating the load taken up by items with reduced load, the first furnishing uses the non-reduced load value, while additional copies use the reduced load value.

Most plants ([[Landform/Shrub|shrub]]s and [[Landform/Tree|tree]]s), [[animal]]s, and furnishings with [[Furnishing/List/By Feature#Interactable Furnishings|unique interactions]] do not typically have reduced load.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox|Other}}
[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[ja:塵歌壺/負荷]]