{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Sethos
|id             = 368183
|image          = Sethos Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Sethos''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} ...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} ...
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sethos mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Hello, there. It's nice to see you again.
:{{A|vo sethos mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Sweet spot you got here. Thanks for inviting me.
:{{DIcon}} Do you like it here?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Sure do! It's great!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I'd like to think I'm a flexible guy who can adapt to any environment, never mind one as pleasant as this.
::{{DIcon}} Well, the layout is my pride and joy.
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I can tell.
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Some people like to go out and have fun. Others prefer to create a comfy space for themselves at home where they can enjoy some peace and quiet.
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' People enjoy life in different ways, but both approaches are equally valid.
::{{DIcon}} This is rather embarrassing. I've neglected the place lately...
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' No, no, no! Don't say that!
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I prefer being out adventuring too, so I try to keep things simple at home. But even then, my pad isn't nearly as neat as this.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' You know, this place is real roomy. There are houses and buildings, sure... But, there's also lots of open space...
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' You could build a bunch of different areas, each with a unique design. That way, it'd feel like we were camping in a new place every night!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I'd even help out if you wanted!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Truth is, I'm fully furnished with ideas as we speak!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Yeah, sure, let's do it! Things were getting quiet around here, y'know?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Just as well. There's something I wanted to ask. In your experience, what preparations would I need to make before visiting a newly excavated desert ruin?
::{{DIcon}} Did you find something?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Not yet. This question's purely hypothetical.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Most of the members of the Temple of Silence spend their time at our base, researching and watching over our ancient technologies. But, there are times when we must investigate external locations.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I try not to miss out on those opportunities.
::{{DIcon}} I don't go to the desert often. You probably have more experience than me.
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 06a 1.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Really? Was my intel wrong, then?
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 06a 2.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' You know, so much of the desert remains a mystery, even to people who've lived there a long time.
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 06a 3.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Sometimes, we find our path blocked by a bunch of mechanisms before we can even get inside the ruin.
::{{DIcon}} I know the desert like the back of my hand.
:::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Haha, that's the "experienced adventurer" aura I expected. So, are you familiar with the differences in climate between various regions in the desert, too?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Take the area around the Mausoleum of King Deshret, for example.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' That area has the highest concentration of ruins related to King Deshret. It's also where investigation teams are liable to encounter the most trouble.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' It looks like nothing more than a swath of empty desert, but it's packed to the gills with invisible walls.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' We spent enormous amounts of effort to uncover the expanse of the ruins, only to then discover that determining their height was the real issue.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Later on, a team member suggested bringing some of that invisible material back with us...
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' And using it to build an invisible labyrinth around the Temple of Silence to ward off intruders.
::{{DIcon}} You're not talking about yourself, are you?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Hey, do I seem like that sorta person to you?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' But, I'll admit, we were thinking along the same lines.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' It's just... I wasn't sure our people could navigate a labyrinth like that, so I didn't bring it up.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' In the end, my concerns turned out to be valid, and we scratched the idea.
::{{DIcon}} Allow me to thank you on behalf of all adventurers everywhere.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Haha, don't mention it!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship2 18.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Even if you don't count that labyrinth, I can assure you that the desert's not hurting for mysteries.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Oh, you bet I do. A whole list!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' But, I didn't want to step on your toes, seeing as this is your place and all.
::{{DIcon}} Wh&mdash;What were you considering?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Um, that maybe... we could... build a campsite?
::{{DIcon}} That sounds nice.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' R&mdash;Really? Awesome!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Let me see... First, we'll need at least two tents.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' First one's for resting. We'll put thick cloth up around the walls to keep any noise out.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' We could even use that one for research or to organize our documents.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' The other tent will be a space to chat and play games. We can put picnic supplies and chairs near the entrance.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' The weather here seems pretty nice, so we shouldn't need any rain or wind protection...
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Then, I guess the only thing left would be adding some adventure to this place.
::{{DIcon}} Eh?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' No matter how beautiful the scenery, standing back and looking at it's gonna get old sometimes.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' You've got to get out there and enjoy it!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' And if there were mechanisms that we could use to jump, run, climb, or glide around this place, that would be the cherry on top!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Install stuff like that, and whoosh! Nothing here would be off-limits.
::{{DIcon}} I could ask Tubby about that.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Ah, you mean that little finch with the nice smile?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Perfect! I've actually talked to her already. All that stuff she knows about housekeeping... Super impressive!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I couldn't get her to tell me about all of her contraptions, but I understand. Every organization has its secrets... The Temple of Silence is like that too.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Don't worry. I'll find a way.
::{{DIcon}} Turning this into an amusement park, are we?
::{{DIcon}} Whatever makes you happy. I've got more than enough space.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 19.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Perfect! Glad to have your stamp of approval!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 20.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Well, I'll get designing, then. I'll let you know when the blueprints are ready.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo friendship3 21.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' You can invite your other friends over once it's done. The more, the merrier!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Sethos.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Morning! Today's a new day!
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Hmm, let me think... Should I scout out a new hiking route or just find somewhere to camp nearby...
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Sethos.
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Good night! Hey, you're up pretty late. Still got plans, then?
::{{A|vo sethos mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I'm not tired either. How about we go out for a bit? If we run into trouble, I'll protect you! Or, you can protect me... whatever works!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Amidst Prospering Markets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm sethos grandbazaar 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Whenever I go to the Grand Bazaar, I head straight to the food stalls, grab some snacks and a drink, and then I take my time checking the place out.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm sethos grandbazaar 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' But, some shops are off-limits if you have your hands full... A carpet shop, for example.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm sethos grandbazaar 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' How about this... We split the snacks! That way, we can finish them off quickly and then get shopping!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Fervid Aroma===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm sethos kabobrestaurant 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Wow, wow, wow, you've got yourself a pro-grade grill right there. Temperature, rotation speed... It all looks pitch-perfect!
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm sethos kabobrestaurant 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Ah, I've got it!
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm sethos kabobrestaurant 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' How about we use these spices, grill up some steaks, and stuff 'em in a wrap?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Sethos/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Sethos/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:セトス/仲間]]
[[ru:Сетос/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Sethos/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Sethos/Bạn Đồng Hành]]