{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02011
|image         = Archon Quest C2A1 Setting Sail.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Adventure Rank 30<br>Complete ''[[Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves]]''
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Follow the Wind
|next          = Confessions of an Outlander
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*650;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|characters    = Beidou; Katheryne (Liyue); Kaedehara Kazuha<!-- Cutscene -->; Paimon; Sea Drake; Thoma; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|1|1}}

==Steps==
# Ask [[Katheryne]] for information on going to [[Inazuma]]
# Board the [[Alcor]] and find [[Beidou]]
# Talk to Beidou
# Go to Inazuma
# Talk to your contact, [[Thoma]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest grants the {{Achievement|Through the Storm}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It has been a while since you struck an agreement with Beidou to go to Inazuma together. You decide to check on how things are progressing...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque! What can I do for you, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} About traveling to Inazuma...
:{{DIcon}} About the [[Crux Fleet]]...
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ah yes, I've heard that you've already made arrangements with the captain of the Crux Fleet regarding your passage to Inazuma. Is that correct?
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Now that I think about it, it's been quite some time since I last visited those lands. Unfortunately, I don't have any current intel that would be worth sharing with you.
:{{Color|menu|A person dressed as a sailor walks towards you...}}
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 seadrake 01.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' There you are! You're the Traveler that Beidou will be taking to Inazuma, right?
:{{DIcon}} I've been waiting all day for you!
::{{A|vo dqaq001 1 seadrake 02a.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Oh, is that right? Hehe... Well, it's an honor to meet you.
:{{DIcon}} It seems our intel has arrived.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 seadrake 03.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' The fleet has nearly completed reprovisioning. Once the crews have taken a headcount, we can get underway.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 seadrake 04.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Captain Beidou sent me to come get you. We'll weigh anchor as soon as you're aboard.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems Beidou is a captain of her word.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 seadrake 05.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Of course! There are many things that the Captain insists upon. I'm sure you'll see for yourself once you're on board.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' So you'll be heading off then? I suppose congratulations are in order.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Whether the journey before you leads to the heights of the heavens or the depths of the abyss, each step you take is another achievement.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Until we meet again, ad astra abyssosque!
:{{DIcon}} Ad astra abyssosque, Katheryne...
:{{DIcon}} We'll miss you...
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... It's kinda hard to say goodbye now... we practically see each other every day.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, well if that's how you feel, why not come and find me when you arrive? I'll be awaiting you on [[Narukami Island]].
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} ...I knew it!
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So there's another Katheryne in Inazuma!? See, there's no need to get all sappy now...
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 seadrake 06.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Haha, well I guess it's time for you to bid farewell to Liyue Harbor. Now that I've delivered my message, I'll be heading back. The ship is currently anchored off of Guyun Stone Forest.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, thanks for coming all this way to let us know!
:{{A|vo dqaq001 1 seadrake 07.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Just following orders. I'll see you two aboard the Alcor.
----
;(Approach Beidou on the Alcor)
:{{A|vo dqaq001 2 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ah, you finally made it!
:{{A|vo dqaq001 2 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' All these years, come rain or storm, the Crux Fleet has never suffered a delay. If it were anyone else, I might've set sail already.
:{{DIcon}} Apologies, Captain!
:{{DIcon}} It's an honor to be aboard!
:{{A|vo dqaq001 2 beidou 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha, don't look too serious, I'm only joking. You're just on time, the crew have just finished making final preparations.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 2 beidou 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' *sigh* Well, now that everyone's here...
:{{A|vo dqaq001 2 beidou 05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We set sail for the land engulfed by storm and tempest... The nation of "eternity"!
:{{A|vo dqaq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anchors aweigh!
;(A cinematic plays)
:{{Cutscene Description|As you make ready to ship out, the crew members of the Alcor hurry back and forth, making their final preparations, Kazuha among them. Once all is ready, Beidou gives the order, and the Alcor sets sail at last. To Inazuma!}}
:{{Black Screen|After braving the raging thunderstorm, The Alcor finally comes into port...}}
;(A cinematic plays)
:{{Cutscene Description|Breaking through the storms in the seas surrounding Inazuma, the Alcor<!--the capitalization inconsistency exists in-game--> finally reaches port. A series of lovely islands lie before you as you descend the gangplank, and immediately, you are met by a young man who seems to have been awaiting you for a long time.}}
::'''Thoma:''' Ahoy, there!
:;(Cinematic ends)

;(Unlocks the [[Teleport Waypoint]] at Ritou's docks)

;(After the animated cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So, you finally made it. You sure kept me waiting, Captain.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And it appears we have a couple of stowaways... or perhaps I should say &mdash; honored guests.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Shush!
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You can blame your [[Almighty Shogun]]. The tempests around Inazuma have been growing all the more fierce lately.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Though the fleet was fully up to the challenge, the inclement weather still caused some delay.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Now then, let me introduce everyone. This is Thoma, a trade partner that I've gotten to know recently.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Heh, you don't know how long I've been waiting to see you.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Thoma, these two are&mdash;
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' No need for introductions, their reputation precedes them. Seems even the stormy seas can't keep rumors of these outlanders' sterling deeds at bay.
:{{DIcon}} Nice to meet you, Thoma.
:{{DIcon}} Surely the rumors exaggerate.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, it's sure nice to hear you say that~
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ha, with any luck, it'll give you a head start here.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' {{Traveler}}, Thoma's resided on Ritou for quite some time now. It wouldn't be going too far to say he's the fixer around these parts.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If you run into any problems here, just talk to Thoma. But if he tries to pull any moves on you, I'll be sure to deal with him personally the next time I'm around.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hehehe, no need to worry. I'm sure we'll get along just fine.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Good. Then if it's all settled, I'll be going. I wouldn't want to be caught with my sails down here, I do have a wanted fugitive on board, after all.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right. Kazuha...
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 beidou 09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Until next time, Traveler. Remember to give it your all, no matter what perilous "storms" you may encounter.
:{{DIcon}} We got this.
:{{DIcon}} Look forward to seeing you again!
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair seas, Captain Beidou! Bye-bye!
:{{Color|menu|Beidou departs...}}
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Now then, first things first, we need to go get you registered at the border checkpoint.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon thought we were supposed to be keeping things on the down low... Are we just gonna walk into the government's hands?
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, don't underestimate the reaches of the [[Sakoku Decree]]. You wouldn't be able to avoid inspection even if you tried.
:{{A|vo dqaq001 3 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So we have to play by the rules... even if we're kind of bending them.
:{{DIcon}} Oh... Okay then...
:{{DIcon}} Now I'm feeling a bit nervous.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Setting Sail
|zhs     = 起航之日
|zhs_rm  = Qǐháng zhī Rì
|zht     = 起航之日
|zht_rm  = Qǐháng zhī Rì
|zh_tl   = Day to Set Sail
|ja      = 出航の日
|ja_rm   = Shukkou no Hi
|ja_tl   = Day of Setting Sail
|ko      = 출항의 날
|ko_rm   = Chulhang-ui Nal
|ko_tl   = Day of Setting Sail
|es      = ¡Izad las velas!
|es_tl   = Hoist the Sails!
|fr      = Toutes voiles dehors
|fr_tl   = All Sails Out
|ru      = Поднять паруса
|ru_tl   = Setting Sail
|th      = วันแห่งการออกเรือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Day of Sailing Out
|vi      = Ngày {{tt|Khởi Hành|起行}}
|vi_tl   = Day of Setting Sail
|de      = Segel setzen
|de_tl   = Setting Sail
|id      = Berlayar
|id_tl   = Sailing
|pt      = O Dia de Partir
|pt_tl   = The Day to Depart
|tr      = Yelken Açmak
|tr_tl   = Setting Sail
|it      = Si salpa
|it_tl   = Set Sail
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:¡Izad las velas!]]
[[fr:Toutes voiles dehors]]
[[ja:出航の日]]
[[pt-br:O Dia de Partir]]
[[ru:Поднять паруса]]
[[vi:Ngày Khởi Hành]]