{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.3]]
* Added the option "Highlight recommended affixes on the Character Screen" in Settings > Other.
----
[[Version 4.8]]
* Added one-time red dot prompt for "Past Quest Resource Management" feature in Settings > Resources screen on mobile.
* Added "Hide UI" option to Settings > Other.
* Updated "Dynamic Character Resolution" option in Settings > Graphics to no longer display if discrete graphics card does not support it.
* Added "Compatibility Mode" option to the Settings > Graphics in [[Login Menu]].
----
[[Version 4.4]]
* Added the option "Dynamic Character Resolution" in Settings > Graphics on PlayStation and some PC devices.
* Added the "Borderless Mode" fullscreen option to "Display Mode" in Settings > Graphics on PC.
----
[[Version 4.1]]
* Added the option "Mute When Minimized" in Settings > Audio on PC.
----
[[Version 4.0]]
* Added support for Gyroscope controller on some platforms for:
** PC：DualSense™ Wireless Controller, DUALSHOCK®4 Wireless Controller
** PS4™：DUALSHOCK®4 Wireless Controller
** PS5™：DualSense™ Wireless Controller, DualSense Edge™ Wireless Controller
* Added Global Illumination on PlayStation® and PC
* Changed some of the preset settings in Graphics for High as follows:
** Anti-Aliasing changed from {{Color|old|SMAA}} to {{Color|new|FSR 2}}
** Anisotropic Filtering changed from {{Color|old|16x}} to {{Color|new|8x}}
* Introduced a visual bug that incorrectly displays certain settings in Graphics immediately after switching to a preset (the setting is correctly displayed after leaving the screen), as follows:
** Lowest: Bloom displayed as Off instead of On
** Lowest: Co-Op Teammate Effects displayed as Partially Off instead of On
** Lowest: Subsurface Scattering displayed as High instead of Off
** High: Visual Effects displayed as Lowest instead of High
** High: Anti-Aliasing displayed as SMAA instead of FSR 2
** High: Volumetric Fog displayed as Off instead of On
** High: Motion Blur displayed as Low instead of Extreme
** High: Co-Op Teammate Effects displayed as Partially Off instead of On
** High: Anisotropic Filtering displayed as 4x instead of 8x
----
[[Version 3.3]]
* Added Turkish and Italian Languages in Settings > Language > Game Language.
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Added the option to adjust horizontal and vertical sensitivity respectively in "Camera Sensitivity" and "Camera Sensitivity (Aimed Shot Mode) in Settings > Controls.
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* Added the option "Adjust Brightness" in Settings > Graphics.
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* Added new audio customization options "Dynamic Range" and "Output Settings" in Settings > Audio.
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Added "Configure Shortcut Wheel" button to Settings > Key Bindings.
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Added new graphics customization option "Anisotropic Filtering" in Settings > Graphics.
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* Added "Auto-Lock 4-Star Weapons" and "Automatic Boat Camera Angle Correction (Sailing)" to Settings > Controls.
* Moved "Combat Camera Settings", "Camera Y-Axis Resets Automatically", and "Default Camera Distance" from Settings > Other to Settings > Controls.
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* Fixed Control Type such that after logging in, if a controller was plugged in, it is immediately usable without opening settings to rechange from a defaulted keyboard to controller.
* Adds new controller customization option in the Paimon Menu > Settings > Controls > Vibration.
* Added an option to the title screen and settings to verify file integrity ingame.
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* Added customization options for keyboard and controller: Go to Paimon Menu > Settings > Controls, select a function to change the key or button assigned to it, and press any key or button to assign it to this function.
* New customization options added to Settings > Graphics: Volumetric Fog, Reflections, Bloom, Crowd Density, and Co-Op Teammate Effects.
* New options added to Settings > Other: Combat Camera Settings and Default Camera Distance.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Settings were released.