{{Terminology Infobox
|type  = Factions
|type2 = Lore
}}
The '''Seven Sovereigns''' are the seven strongest elemental [[dragon]]s of their respective element, and the strongest type of elemental lifeform.<ref name="The Eve">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref> The original Seven Sovereigns ruled the old world and held the seven [[Element]]al '''Authorities''', but lost both their status and authorities when the [[Heavenly Principles]] came to [[Teyvat]] and created a new order over the world.<ref name="CalamiTread">{{Ref/Quest|Calamitous Tread}}</ref><ref name="before sun and moon">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref>

The Sovereigns' stolen Elemental Authorities were eventually given to the [[Archon]]s', now bounded to them and their divine thrones.<ref name="CalamiTread" /> As a result, the living Sovereigns cannot utilize their full abilities and powers unless their corresponding Archon dies and returns their Authority to them.<ref name="CalamiTread" />

==Overview==
Like all vishaps and elemental dragons, the Seven Sovereigns are creatures of the [[Light Realm]] and each harnesses one of the primordial elements. The Seven Sovereigns were the mightiest among dragon-kind<ref name="The Eve" /> and ruled over the old world and its seven nations.<ref name="before sun and moon" />

When the [[Heavenly Principles]] appeared, it took the Sovereigns' Authorities for itself. It and its [[Four Shades|four shining shades]] waged war against the Seven Sovereigns and after a long struggle, the Heavenly Principles vanquished the Seven Sovereigns, while those who refused to yield to the Heavenly Principles fled into the ocean depths. Afterwards, the world was remade to be suitable for humanity<ref name="before sun and moon" /> and the [[Human Realm]] was established by breaking down the raw, primordial elements.<ref name="The Eve" /><ref>{{Ref/Item|Coral Butterfly}}</ref>

With the original Seven Sovereigns' power fading away, a new generation is being born.<ref name="bolt hatch">{{Ref/Enemy|Bolteater Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling}}</ref> However, because a Sovereign's dragonhood is intertwined with the elemental Authorities, which were used as the basis for the Archons' powers, none of the living Sovereigns can access their full abilities or memories of the old world until the Archon's divine seat is destroyed and their Authority returned.<ref name="CalamiTread" /> As of the end of the {{Quest|Masquerade of the Guilty}}, the Hydro Sovereign's authority has been fully restored.<ref name="Opernoir">{{Ref/Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}</ref>

Sovereigns can only be born from dragons who are elementally pure. As such, the next Hydro Sovereign was not born from the [[Bathysmal Vishap]]s, who strayed from their "pure" {{Hydro}} forms into "impure" {{Cryo}} and {{Electro}} variants. It is also possible for Sovereigns to be reborn in human form, as the current Hydro Sovereign takes on the form of [[Neuvillette]], due to the aforementioned impurity of the Bathysmal Vishap.<ref name="Vishap Experiments">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref>

==Story==
===The Old World===
From "the dawn of time," the world belonged to the dragons.<ref name="Worldspan Fern">{{Ref/Item|page=Worldspan Fern}}</ref> The world was led by the Seven Sovereigns and the Dragon King [[Nibelung]].<ref name="Shape">{{Ref/Quest|What Shape Does the Self Hold}}</ref><ref name="Prim Bath Vishap">{{Ref/Enemy|page=Primordial Bathysmal Vishap}}</ref> Each of the Seven Sovereigns held one of the seven elemental Authorities, and the world was divided among them. Their respective land was attuned to their elemental affinity.<ref name="before sun and moon" />

In [[Sumeru]], [[Apep]] held the {{Dendro}} elemental Authority. She ruled over a lush, forested land while nurturing some of the most ancient and primordial beings known simply as [[Apep's Creatures|Dendro lifeforms]].<ref name="Path Home">{{Quest|Where Lies the Path Home}}</ref>

The [[Hydro Dragon]], in addition to holding the {{Hydro}} elemental Authority, also presided over the [[Primordial Sea]] and could be considered the original "God of Life."  All life on the planet can trace its origins back to the Primordial Sea. Because of this, it is sometimes referred to as "birthing waters" or "amniotic fluid."<ref name="Nursery Rhyme">{{Ref/CS|Neuvillette|A Fontainian Nursery Rhyme}}</ref> Life within the Primordial Sea was a collective rather than made up of individuals.<ref name="Fontaine Wings">{{Ref/Item|Wings of Merciful, Wrathful Waters}}</ref>

In [[Natlan]], [[Xiuhcoatl]] held the {{Pyro}} elemental Authority, and presided over all light, heat, and wisdom. He was able to manipulate [[Phlogiston]], the atomic form of the [[Light Realm]] and a basic unit of information. At the moment of his birth, he created another dragon named [[Kukulkan]], who he named "brother."<ref name=Omen>{{Ref/Quest|An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty}}</ref>

====Eternal Throne of the Heavens====
After the Heavenly Principles's arrival, the Seven Sovereigns were defeated and rendered unconscious, entering a deep slumber. [[Xiuhcoatl]] is known to have been frozen inside [[Liquid Phlogiston]], and experienced a "false death."<ref name=Omen /> Subsequently, otherworldly life forms were introduced to the planet and the creation of life no longer relied on the Primordial Sea.<ref name="before sun and moon" /><ref name="Nursery Rhyme" /> However, the creation of [[Egeria]] was an exception; she was created as a replacement "heart" for the Primordial Sea using "all original matter from this world, entirely without outside elements."<ref name="Fontaine Wings" />

===The New World===
After being defeated, [[Nibelung]] left Teyvat to obtain power that could rival the Heavenly Principles, eventually bringing [[forbidden knowledge]] to the world. With this power Nibelung waged a "[[great war of vengeance]]"<ref name="NeuVision">{{Ref/CS|Neuvillette|Vision}}</ref> against the Heavenly Principles for "the right to shape the world."<ref name="Shape" /> Nibelung's return with the [[Abyss]] triggered the reawakening of the slumbering Dragon Sovereigns, who were unable to resist its call. The damage that ensued was unprecedented and pushed the world to near collapse. Apep and other dragons fought alongside Nibelung, but ultimately they were unsuccessful in taking back power.<ref name="Shape" /> Their efforts weren't entirely fruitless, however. By the war's end, the Heavenly Principles was severely weakened and could no longer single-handedly suppress the original order of the world.<ref name="NeuVision" />

Because the Heavenly Principles was unable to continue suppressing the old world with its own absolute authority, it and another entity known only as "the one who came after," used remains of the Third [[Descender]] and stole part of the Sovereigns' elemental Authorities to create the seven [[Gnoses]]. After which the [[Archon War]] began to determine which gods would win one of these seven new thrones.<ref name="NeuVision" /><ref group="Note">Neuvillette's Vision story states that "all fragments of the primordial were driven to devour each other" following the Gnoses' creation, which aligns with [[Soraya]]'s line in the {{Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 2)}} about the Archon War starting when seven divine thrones &mdash; the Archons' seats &mdash; opened up in [[Celestia]].</ref>

To suppress the forbidden knowledge unleashed by Nibelung, as well as the Holy Soil produced by the [[Light Realm]]{{cite}}, the Heavenly Principles dropped [[Celestial Nail]]s, drastically altering the environment and causing the demise of several human civilizations. In Sumeru, what had once been a lush forest turned to sand. To Apep, this heralded the end of the dragons' era.<ref name="Shape" />

During the war, Nibelung and other dragons burnt the [[Ley Lines]] of Natlan and devouring all [[Angels]] there except [[Yohualtecuhtin]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|page=Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Hesitance|quote=... those envoys from the skies above, under whose guidance the earthly civilizations had thrived, were devoured by the awakened dragons ...}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Revelations from the Past|quote=The pitch-black flames scorch the land, and even the white tree nearly withered, and the final envoy's glow shattered and smashed, only able to subsist on the last leaves of the severed roots.}}</ref> After Nibelung's defeat, Xiuhcoatl briefly regained his lucidity, and resolved to cleanse the Abyss from Natlantea at any cost. To this end, he created "artificial stars" known as [[Tzitzimimeh]] (or Astral Assemblages) capable to purging the Abyss by annihilation reactions; he then created a device called [[Huitzilopochtli]] capable of converting all matter in the land into pure information ([[Phlogiston]]), incapable of being touched by the Abyss. It was only capable of being controlled by the authority over Pyro invested in his pupil. Xiuhcoatl experienced fewer and fewer bouts of lucidity, and thus sealed himself inside the [[Heart of the Sacred Mountain]] beneath [[Tollan]]. Xiuhcoatl became a shadow of his former self, unable even to recall the name of his brother, and fearing the day he would be entirely corrupted by the Abyss.

To prevent this, [[Kukulkan]] resolved to restore the dragons by creating a human-dragon hybrid named [[Och-Kan]] who would slay [[Xiuhcoatl]] and become the new Pyro Sovereign and unite both humans and dragons; however, Och-Kan resolved to side with the human [[Xbalanque]] instead. Xbalanque's federation of human tribes laid siege to the Sacred City, where Xbalanque was able to use Huitzilopochtli to kill both himself and Xiuhcoatl{{cite}}; as Xbalanque was resurrected by [[Ronova]], the authority of {{Pyro}} was usurped, and Xbalanque became the first [[Pyro Archon]]. Even after Xiuhcoatl's death, his power occasionally manifests in [[Saurian]]s directly descended from him, in the form of a unique red mark and power over flame.

===Post Cataclysm===
Around 500 years ago, Neuvillette &mdash; the new Hydro Sovereign, born in human form as the [[Enkanomiya]]ns had prophesized &mdash; was invited by the new Hydro Archon [[Focalors]] to become the Chief Justice of [[Fontaine]].<ref name="Opernoir" /> Although initially uninterested in humanity, Neuvillette agreed in order to uncover his missing memories regarding his powers.<ref name="Familiar Threat">{{Ref/Quest|A Familiar Threat}}</ref>

===Present Day===
In {{Quest|Homecoming}}, the Dendro Archon [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]], [[Paimon]], and the [[Traveler]] meet the Dendro Sovereign Apep. Despite Apep's initial hostility towards anyone related to the old world's usurpers, it calms down after the three successfully purge the forbidden knowledge eating away at it. While still dissatisfied with the current world order, it explains the Sovereigns' past to them and decides to simply observe humanity and the gods for the time being, as there is no point in destroying them anyway.<ref name="Shape" />

During the events of {{Quest|Masquerade of the Guilty}}, the second-to-last Hydro Archon Focalors is put on trial for the "original sin" that the Heavenly Principles had declared on Egeria. This trial reveals that [[Furina]] is not the real Hydro Archon, but rather the "humanity" of Focalors, who has played the role of the Archon for 500 years while Focalors orchestrates her plan to deceive the Heavenly Principles. However, a death sentence was issued, and Focalors soon reveals her plan to Neuvillette, saying that acquiring the stolen power of the Hydro Sovereign is not true to her ideal of justice. This plan becomes successful when the Indemnitium acquired through the [[Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale]] forms a giant blade that proceeds to execute her, resulting in the destruction of the Hydro Archon's throne. After Focalors' death, the Hydro Sovereign's authority is left to him, giving him absolute control over the {{Hydro}} element.<ref name="Opera of N&B">{{Ref/Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}</ref>

Eventually, [[Kukulkan]] lost faith in humanity and decided to activate [[Huitzilopochtli]] to combat the [[Abyss]] as originally planned. Kukulkan manipulated Saurian bloodlines to produce a direct descendent of Xiuhcoatl fit to inherit the mantle of Pyro Dragon Sovereign, resulting in [[Little One]]. He manipulated countless humans to guide them to unite the two halves of Xiuhcoatl's pupil and bring one such Saurian to the [[Heart of the Sacred Mountain]]. Eventually, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] succeeded, and Little One was given the choice as to whether to activate [[Huitzilopochtli]] and inherit the authority of {{Pyro}}. Little One refused, deciding to trust humanity and being unwilling to put his companions at risk. Huitzilopochtli was left without the power to ever activate, the Pyro authority remained in the hands of [[Mavuika]], and Kukulkan peacefully passed away.<ref name=Omen />

===Alternate Present-Day===
In a non-canonical outcome, [[Little One]] did choose to activate [[Huitzilopochtli]] and become Pyro Sovereign. However, he became the sole surviving being remaining within the Primal Flame, and endured billions of years of loneliness. He never forgot [[Paimon]] or the [[Traveler]], and always wondered whether he could have made a different choice.<ref name=Omen />

==Confirmed Sovereigns==
{| class="sortable article-table"
! Element !! Name !! Region !! Status
|-
| {{Element|Dendro}} || [[Apep]] || [[Sumeru]] || Alive
|-
| rowspan="2" | {{Element|Hydro}} || [[Neuvillette]] || [[Fontaine]] || Alive
|-
| ''[[Hydro Dragon|Unknown]]'' || Unknown<ref group="Note">The original Hydro Dragon likely had a presence in Fontaine, given its control over the Primordial Sea. Whether its domain was limited to modern Fontaine's borders has not been addressed.</ref> || Deceased (succeeded by Neuvillette)
|-
| rowspan="2" | {{element|Pyro}} || [[Little One]] || rowspan="2" | [[Natlan]] || Non-canonical outcome of ''[[An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty]]''
|-
| [[Xiuhcoatl]] || Deceased (slain by [[Xbalanque]])
|-
| {{check|?}} || [[Nibelung]]|| Unknown || Deceased (slain by the [[Heavenly Principles]])
|-
|}

==Trivia==
* Based on other ''Genshin Impact'' lore, the following characters may be Sovereigns:
** [[Azhdaha]] {{Icon/Element|Geo}} is theorized to be one of the Seven Sovereigns of the Vishap Realm, as he is stated to be extremely old and is an elemental dragon.<ref name="The Eve" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved}}</ref> He is also referred to as a {{lang|"dragon king"|zh=龙王}}<ref>{{Ref/Item|Bloodjade Branch}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Trails in Tianqiu}}</ref> and as the {{lang|"Sealed Lord of Vishaps"|zh=被封印的岩龙之王|zh_tl=Sealed King of Geo Dragons.}}<ref>{{Ref/Domain|Beneath the Dragon-Queller}}</ref><ref group="Note">In the Chinese version of "Sealed Lord of Vishaps," {{lang|"Geo Dragons"|zh=岩龙}} is likely a truncated form of {{lang|"Geovishap"|zh=岩龙蜥|zh_tl=Geo Dragon-Lizard}}; alternatively, it refers to all Geo dragons, which encompasses but is not limited to Geovishaps.</ref> This is similar to the original Dragon of Water's description as a "dragon-lord" (along with the other original Seven Sovereigns)<ref name="before sun and moon" /> and an "ancient lord of vishaps."<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|5|In the Light, Beneath the Shadow}}</ref><ref group="Note">In the Chinese version of ''In the Light, Beneath the Shadow'', the section equivalent to "the Dragon of Water, the ancient lord of vishaps," is simply {{zh|水之元素龙王|tl=Hydro Dragon King/Lord}} and makes no direct reference to vishaps.</ref> However, the title of "dragon king/lord" is not exclusively used for the Seven Sovereigns, and too little is known about the Heavenly Principles's era or the world that came before it to determine Azhdaha's place among them.
** The Seven Sovereigns are elemental dragons and are the purest embodiment of the elements.<ref name="The Eve" /> For this reason, [[Dvalin]] {{Icon/Element|Anemo}}, an elemental dragon said to be born in the same manner as [[slime]]s and [[crystalflies]],<ref>{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest}}</ref> and bearing the title "Erstwhile King of the Skies", may also be counted among their number. Additionally, Nahida likens the Dendro Sovereign Apep to Dvalin,<ref name="Path Home" /> and Dvalin, Azhdaha, Apep & Neuvillette are similarly grouped together elsewhere as notable dragons, but others such as [[Scylla]] are not.<ref>World Quest, ''Ann of the Narzissenkreuz'' Act I - [[The Narzissenkreuz Adventure]]</ref><ref>Web Event, [[Starlight Reverie/Story#Natlan Scene|Starlight Reverie]] - Journey in the Akasha</ref><ref>World Quest, [[Lost in the Woods|''Lost in the Woods'']]</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Seven Sovereigns
|zhs     = 七王
|zhs_rm  = Qī Wáng
|zht     = 七王
|zht_rm  = Qī Wáng
|zh_tl   = Seven Kings
|ja      = 七王
|ja_rm   = Shichiou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Seven Kings
|ko      = 일곱 {{tt|왕|王}}
|ko_tl   = Seven Kings
|es      = Siete soberanos<!--Not capitalized in-game-->
|es_tl   = Seven Sovereigns
|fr      = Sept souverains
|fr_tl   = Seven Sovereigns
|ru      = Семь властителей
|ru_tl   = Seven Rulers
|th      = ราชาโบราณทั้งเจ็ด
|th_rm   = Racha Boran Thang Chet
|th_tl   = Seven Ancient Kings
|vi      = Thất Vương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sieben Herrscher
|de_tl   = Seven Rulers
|id      = Tujuh raja<!--Not capitalized in-game-->
|id_tl   = Seven Kings
|pt      = Sete Soberanos
|pt_tl   = Seven Sovereigns
|tr      = Yedi Hükümdar<!--case is correct?-->
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sette sovrani
|it_tl   = Seven Sovereigns
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[Category:Dragons]]
[[Category:Seven Sovereigns| ]]

[[es:Siete soberanos]]
[[ja:七王]]
[[ru:Семь властителей]]
[[th:ราชาโบราณทั้งเจ็ด]]
[[vi:Thất Vương]]