{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15028
|image         = Story Quest Seven-Hued Ruins.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = Memories Flowing With Color
|act           = The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors
|actNum        = III
|character     = Citlali
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Allier; Citlali; Grudoc; Huitzilin; Montluson; Otila; Paimon; Tlapo; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Tezcatepetonco Range]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tezcatepetonco Range
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = Please, great shaman!
|next          = The Color of Memory
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*550;Mora*49,200;Hero's Wit*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*11
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Seven-Hued Ruins''''' is the third quest in {{Quest|The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors}}.

==Steps==
# Wait till 11:00 &ndash; 13:00 the next day
# Go to the agreed location
# Go to the ruined site of the battlefield
# Enter the [[Seven-Hued Ruins (Domain)|ruins]] of the Battle of Seven Colors
# Go deeper into the ruins
# Continue onward
# Analyze the mechanisms in the ruins
# Continue going deeper into the ruins
# Leave the labyrinth
#* Area 1 {{Enemy List|Tepetlisaurus*2/Abyss version}}
#* Area 2 {{Enemy List|Koholasaurus*1/Abyss version;Tepetlisaurus*1/Abyss version;Yumkasaurus*1/Abyss version;}}
# Stop Montluson and his group
#* Area 3
#** Wave 1: {{Enemy List|1=Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard*1;Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer*1;Fatui Pyro Agent*0{text=Grudoc &mdash; Agent $link=Grudoc}/defeating Grudoc, regardless of the other Fatui, ends the fight}}
#** Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire*1/appears only if the other 2 Fatui Skirmishers are defeated, but Grudoc is not yet defeated}}
# Discuss what to do with Paimon
# Find a way to make a breakthrough
# Withdraw from the ruins of the Battle of Seven Colors
# Capture Montluson

==Gameplay Notes==
* During steps 5-10 a trial [[Citlali]] joins the party.
* Permanently missable chests inside the domain: {{Item|Common Chest|x=1}}, {{Item|Exquisite Chest|x=1}}.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8,9
|character_name          = Citlali

<!-- WL 8 Stats -->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Starcaller's Watch
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|artifact_feather8       = Mountain Ranger's Marker
|artifact_sands8         = Mystic's Gold Dial
|artifact_goblet8        = Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup
|artifact_circlet8       = Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 19,517
|atk8                    = 1,190
|def8                    = 905
|em8                     = 1,083
|er8                     = 186.8%
|crit_rate8              = 26.0%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%

<!-- WL 9 Stats -->
|character_level9        = 90
|constellation9          = 3

|weapon_name9            = Starcaller's Watch
|weapon_level9           = 90
|refinement9             = 3

|artifact_flower9        = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|artifact_feather9       = Mountain Ranger's Marker
|artifact_sands9         = Mystic's Gold Dial
|artifact_goblet9        = Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup
|artifact_circlet9       = Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                   = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 10
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 13
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 10

|hp9                     = 19,517
|atk9                    = 1,190
|def9                    = 905
|em9                     = 1,133
|er9                     = 186.8%
|crit_rate9              = 26.0%
|crit_dmg9               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|With Citlali's assistance, you find the ruins left behind by the Battle of Seven Colors. However, the truth that awaits your discovery is far beyond your expectations...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This should be the place we decided to meet yesterday.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knows if Citlali will show up on time... She drank so much last night, she might not even be up yet...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ahem...!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No need to sound so surprised... Drinking is just a way to pass the time. I mastered the art of moderation long ago.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Last night doesn't count... It was a minor slip up, that's all. Anyway, I gave everything a lot of thought, and I think you're right about something.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Battle of Seven Colors holds the key to a lot of the answers I've been searching for.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, that's why you're here so early...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' {{Traveler}}, Great Shaman, sorry to keep you waiting. Shall we head out?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Just follow me. I'll confirm the location myself.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 16 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Of course.

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 17 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' This should be it.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, the battlefield is inside this place...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 17 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' That could explain a lot of our academic questions...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 17 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Don't lose focus. Once we get to the actual site of the battle, all the evidence needed for publication will be at our fingertips.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 17 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Everyone ready?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go!
----
;(Enter the domain)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, the Abyss invaded through a cave like this?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 18 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' When the Abyss first began to corrode the Ley Lines, they took every opening they could get.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 18 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' All the items here should be useful for our research...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 18 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You're not to touch a single one without my nod of approval.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 18 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' I don't support invasive excavation techniques, either...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 18 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' ...Ah, of course. I'll defer to the experts on this matter. Well, shall we continue?

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' There are weapons here from every tribe in Natlan. The battle must have encompassed the entire nation.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Hm, sounds like we're getting closer to what the legend describes.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' But, all we can really say is that a battle took place here. There's still no evidence of any colors or some elaborate maze.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you're really invested in the Battle of Seven Colors...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 montluson 03.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Haha... Well, it's the reason I came to Natlan in the first place.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 montluson 04.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Grudoc, send some of your men to search the area. We might miss something all grouped together like this. I'd like to cover all our bases.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 grudoc 01.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' All the bases? You got it.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 19 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't jump to conclusions &mdash; of course this isn't the site of the actual battle. We have to keep going.

;(Approach the wall)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This wall is in our way!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 20 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I might have an idea... {{Traveler}}, try removing that sphere.

;(Pass through the wall)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, we passed straight through! What was that? Some kind of color magic?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's very close to the technique Huitzilin might have used.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' That's it? Doesn't quite compare to the scale described in the legend.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Still, what a terrific archaeological find!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Enough chit-chat. We should keep going &mdash; the deeper we go, the more we'll find.

;(Approach the blocks)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hold on &mdash; if we step here, we might fall through.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean... there are traps in here?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Remember how we were able to pass through the wall just now? It must have been because, on our person, we were carrying the same "color" as the wall.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's put the sphere down, and see what happens.

;(Insert the sphere)
;(Hint)
::Try switching to Citlali and holding the Jump button

;(Land on the first platform)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 21 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, you're right! We can keep going now!

;(Pass through the wall)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what was that? What is this place?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Look! A maze made of colors!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' It's real... I can't believe it.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hold on, the quality of this space... This isn't reality. It's a realm of memory!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} Is this the Night Kingdom?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No, this is a space constructed using memories as a medium. The principle is similar, but the two are not the same.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Correct!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huitzilin!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...No, it's just a trace of her consciousness left behind after creating this space.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 02.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Friends, this is my question to you &mdash; what is our strongest weapon against the Abyss? In my opinion, it's "memory."
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 03.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' After all, is it not after losing the capacity for memory, love, and compassion that our enemies fell to the Abyss?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 04.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' That is why, with our memories, we possess a power the Abyss cannot hope to match.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 05.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' I have discovered the perfect medium for us to wield that weapon. You know it as "color."
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 06.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' The more cherished the memory, the more vivid its color. As memories disappear, their color fades first. That is why color is the best vehicle to wield the power of memory.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 07.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Guided by vibrant colors, your capacity for memory is what will allow you to navigate this maze.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 08.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Without that capacity, enemies will fail to cross the barrier in front of them and be trapped here for eternity.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 huizilin 09.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' So, be brave, my friends, and march forward!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Any ideas, Citlali?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph, sounds like she left a tutorial. Not surprising, she always did have to hand-hold her talentless students... Follow me.

;(Approach the platform)
;(Enemies appear)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are monsters here, too?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Abyss creatures, likely trapped here for some time...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Looks like a few monsters made it out of the battle all those years ago.

;(Fall through color-changing platforms)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's with these color-changing blocks!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You and Citlali fell through all of a sudden... You scared Paimon half to death!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Must be one of the mechanics of the maze.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm guessing the purpose is to help allies navigate this place...

;(Encounter more enemies)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, more monsters?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Shoot, they're blocking the way forward... Let's get rid of them.

;(Walk on the bridge made of floating platforms)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place is so pretty... If not for those monsters, Paimon would have never guessed this was a battlefield.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Tch... The showmanship's not bad, I'll give her that.

;(A bridge nade of colors appears)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this... a bridge made of colors?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 22 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't sound so surprised. We just need to cross, and we should reach the end.

;(Leave the maze)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're out... Looks like we made it through the maze.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hold on, this is...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so pretty! The thing inside the sphere looks exactly like the maze!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's like a miniature blueprint made from a special dye.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' That color...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The dye was modified using a secret technique to harness the power of memories and create mazes like the one we just witnessed.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Without that power, it's just a normal dye. But, the color it produces is still quite rare.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I would say this is the most direct evidence that the Battle of Seven Colors actually took place.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The expert has spoken!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Perhaps I could take a closer look? It's an important piece of physical evidence, after all...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No, you may not.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you doing!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You noticed my signal... Not bad, {{Traveler}}. We make a good team.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 03.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' *scoff*... So, you've been watching me?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' A self-proclaimed book merchant who's never heard of "Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power"? Please, that work was a commercial success across Teyvat.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I knew you were fishy, but I didn't expect you to pull something like this.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Monsieur Montluson, we just need a few pictures for our research, not the artifact itself! What if it gets damaged or destroyed!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 04.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Shut it! I couldn't care less about preserving this piece of trash. I would destroy it right now if I could!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, then there would be no evidence to prove the battle took place!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 05.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' What if that was my goal all along?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 06.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Hmph, pretending to be a book merchant, pretending to promote the history of Natlan and its heroes... was the only way to get information out of the people in this tribe.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 07.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' But, make no mistake &mdash; I'm no lowly merchant. I am the future owner of the largest printing company in all of Teyvat!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 08.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' But, the dye in that sphere ruined all my plans before they could even get off the ground...
;(Flashback begins)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 otila 01.ogg}} '''Otila:''' We've received a report that your advertisement in the paper makes false claims. Fontaine law demands it be taken down immediately.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 09.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' False claims? The dye I advertised is an unprecedented innovation! It produces colors of unmatched radiance!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 otila 02.ogg}} '''Otila:''' Unfortunately, its qualities are neither "unprecedented" nor "unmatched." According to the lady who made the report, she saw a woven scroll in Natlan made with a similar dye.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 otila 03.ogg}} '''Otila:''' Even more miraculous, that substance dates back hundreds of years.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 10.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' How!? Creating this dye is the culmination of my entire life's work! You're telling me I'm hundreds of years too late!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 otila 04.ogg}} '''Otila:''' Calm down, sir...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 11.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Sorry, it's just... I know this product will be a hit. The economic boost to Fontaine will be huge! We just need to advertise it as written.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 12.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Fontaine's publishing industry is one of the best in the world. All we need to do is publish something in the paper, and all of Teyvat will think it was our invention first!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 13.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' We don't need to worry about more reports. Fontaine is far more advanced than Natlan &mdash; no one will believe such an innovative product could come from a place like that.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 otila 05.ogg}} '''Otila:''' That... That goes against all of Fontaine's advertisement regulations! We can't do that!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 14.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' What if... I give you a portion of the profits? All you have to do is let the advertisement stay.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 otila 06.ogg}} '''Otila:''' You're trying to bribe me? Careful, I'm dangerously close to reporting this to Monsieur Neuvillette.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 15.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' *frustrated grumble*...
;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 16.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' I knew, if I was just allowed to market my product, it would be a hit &mdash; a bestseller, even! I would be a giant in the printing industry!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 17.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' But now, no one will see it as anything more than a... poor imitation marketed centuries too late. No matter how good the product actually is, not a single one will sell.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 18.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' *scoff* I will never accept that someone from this backwards, ignorant nation could come up with that dye. Not two hundred years before me!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Even when the truth is right in front of you?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 19.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' *scoff* "Truth" is in the eye of the beholder. I'm already in the printing industry &mdash; I can go into publishing no problem.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 20.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' All I have to do is destroy this sphere, write a detailed report about my findings, and publish it around the world. Then, the so-called "truth" becomes your word against mine.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 21.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Once my report is accepted as "fact," no one can accuse me of making "false claims."
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's awful! What happened to "restoring the truth of history"!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 22.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Haha, that plan hasn't changed! I will continue to spread MY truth for all of Teyvat to see!
:{{DIcon}} You talk a big game.
:{{DIcon}} But, did you forget who you're talking to?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 23.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Ah, you mean a hero of Natlan who's not actually from Natlan? And a great shaman who, according to rumor, abandoned her tribe long ago?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 24.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' From a practical perspective, there's no reason for either of you to stand against me.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shows what you know!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Since you like rumors so much, have you heard the one about what happens to people who get on my bad side?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 25.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Ah, the wrath of Granny Itztli... Like I said, our interests aren't at odds.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 26.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' I knew from the beginning that you would accept my invitation, considering Huitzilin was your rival.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 27.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' You've lived longer than her, you're far stronger than her... And yet, she has always been more revered than you. Now, that can change.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 28.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' With the backing of the printing industry, I can take any book and send it to all four corners of Teyvat. This part of Natlan's history will be mine to tell.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 29.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' And in my version, I can erase the Battle of Seven Colors. You can be the one to have all the glory!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's not real history.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 30.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' That's a no, then? *scoff* Your history means nothing to me. But, it's not allowed to stand in the way of my Mora!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Done running your mouth? Good... Before handing you over to the tribe, I think I'll have my way with you first.
:{{DIcon}} Teach him a lesson.
:{{DIcon}} And make it stick.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 grudoc 01.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' If this comes to a fight, per my contract, you're gonna have to go through me.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 31.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' That's right! I didn't pay all that Mora for nothing!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, aren't you subordinates of [[The Captain]]? Why are you helping someone who wants to erase Natlan's history!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 grudoc 02.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' The Captain? You actually bought that?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 grudoc 03.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' United in the pursuit of Mora, we travel the land to collect debts. Our loyalty is to [[Regrator]], his interests, and his wealth.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Regrator!?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 montluson 32.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Haha, The Captain means nothing to them. They serve a different Harbinger altogether, Regrator!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 grudoc 04.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' This man has the potential to become a giant in the printing industry and disrupt Fontaine's economic system. This aligns with Regrator's interests.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all been a lie, from the very beginning!
:{{DIcon}} This doesn't change anything, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Just one more guy to beat up.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 23 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I don't care who you serve. When it comes to punishment, I don't discriminate.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Montluson and his group finally reveal their true colors. They try to make a deal with you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After defeating the Fatui)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, that's what you get for messing with the Hero of Natlan and Granny Itztli! They could give Regrator a run for his Mora!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 01.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' *cough*... When did this person get so strong? Looks like the men following The Captain failed to update us on the latest intelligence...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 02.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' Not good... This is becoming more trouble than it's worth. You're on your own.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' Hey! What about our contract? Your boss signed it himself!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 03.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' Our boss never signs a contract without loopholes. Even a veteran businessman like yourself fell into his trap... That's what makes him the best.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 04.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' Go home and read the fine print... All I did was trigger the exculpatory clause.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 montluson 02.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' You...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 05.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' The other stipulations have been fulfilled. I set up explosives around the cave, strong enough to destroy this place &mdash; as instructed.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 06.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' Oh, and for security purposes, all explosives have been rigged to blow at a specific time. Shouldn't be too long now...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? This whole place is gonna collapse?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 montluson 03.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' You were supposed to wait until I made it out! Are you trying to kill me?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 07.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' That depends on how fast you can run! I'm off... Ugh!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You think you can just waltz out of here? {{Traveler}}, stop them, and then we'll make a break for it!
:{{DIcon}} Can do!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 grudoc 08.ogg}} '''Grudoc:''' Hmph, if I'm caught, I implicate my boss. Time for the backup plan...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 24 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wait... Don't!
:{{Color|menu|Grudoc plays his last card, withdrawing a polearm from the ruins and hurling it at the sphere...}}

;(Scene transitions back to the maze of color)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 25 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where are we? Back in the maze? Our surroundings look different, though... What did that Fatui guy do?
:{{DIcon}} We need to find Citlali.
:{{DIcon}} She's probably somewhere around here, too.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 25 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good point... She'll know how to get out of here. Let's hurry &mdash; if we don't make it out before the cave collapses, we might never be able to leave!
:{{DIcon}} Where could she be?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 25 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see... Citlali!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 25 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like it's not gonna be that easy... What should we do?
:{{DIcon}} I saw the special color.
:{{DIcon}} It seems to be guiding me.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 25 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The special color? The one you saw on that woven scroll? Why would it appear around here...
:{{DIcon}} There's no time to think about that.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 25 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right... Lead the way, {{Traveler}}!

;(Elsewhere, on a different floating platform of the maze)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He triggered it just like that!? If the technique isn't activated correctly...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Instead of a realm of memory, the subjects in question will be trapped in a temporary space like this.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 02.ogg}} '''???:''' If you cannot escape in time, it's mutually assured destruction. But, I can't fault someone for using it as a last resort.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Hmph, I knew it. Someone of your skill wouldn't leave behind memory fragments just to parrot instructions. You must have the capacity for conscious thought...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 03.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' I appreciate the compliment. It's been a long time, my friend.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' This is no time for a reunion. The cave outside is about to collapse. I know time flows differently in this place, but that still doesn't leave us much time.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Can you help me get out?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 04.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' You misunderstand, Citlali... I'm nothing more than a fragment of memory. There's not much I can do.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What do you mean? This space can be manipulated, right? The exit of your maze... I remember its structure. If I create an exit here, I can leave.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...You just need to tell me how to manipulate this space.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 05.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' The maze you saw earlier was constructed using the memories of many warriors of Natlan.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 06.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' When people leave deep impressions on each other, their memories form connections.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 07.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' These connections are particularly strong between comrades-in-arms.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 08.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' That is how I created my maze &mdash; the connections between the memories were my needle and thread, and the special color was my fabric.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 09.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' But, if that color is crudely combined with an isolated memory, one without connections, you get a place like this.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 10.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' This space is a combination of my color and your memories. There is no way to alter or construct anything within it.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 11.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Because there are no "connections" at your disposal.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Hmph, over two hundred years, and not a single lasting connection. This is my punishment, huh...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 12.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Well, at the very least, you have a connection to me. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to appear in this space.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's only because you never gave me a moment's peace... Still, it's a shame you're not around. You said it yourself &mdash; a memory fragment can't be used to create the "connections" I need...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 13.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Citlali...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, now that I have the chance to talk to you again, I need you to give me an answer.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Your special technique... You didn't pass it on to your students. You passed it onto the rival you could never beat &mdash; me. What I want to know is... Why?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 14.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' ...So, you figured it out.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' After what I saw in the maze and everything you just told me, I'm certain the technique at the center of all this... is the same one you taught me all those years ago.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, you never brought up the fact that you used it to win a battle. From your description, it might as well have been a simple color trick.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm getting the feeling you always meant for me to come here... But, if this is a foreshadowed event, I'm not happy with the narrative setup.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 15.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Citlali, ever since you learned that technique, you've been able to see a special color, haven't you?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You mean...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 16.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' That color is the core of the technique, but it isn't my invention. It's something I discovered in the work of our ancestors.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 17.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' More specifically, you could call it... the color of memories.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 18.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' In truth, passing on the technique is a process of using that color to "tint" another person's memories.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 19.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Yes, the technique has the power to decide victory. But, in my opinion, the capacity to add color to someone's memories is where the true value lies.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 20.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' You are fated to live a far longer life than me, Citlali. I couldn't bear the thought of all those years existing as a blank canvas in your memory...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 21.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' So, I wanted to leave a little color behind...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Your color, you mean.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 22.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' One day, you, too, will want to leave behind your color in someone else's memory. When that day comes, you will understand my decision.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I...
:{{Color|menu|Citlali recalls the words that you said before...}}
:{{Black Screen|{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq005 26 heroine 01.ogg}} (So, if you still need time, let me choose to remember you first.)}}
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 17a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 17b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' ...I have to get out of here. That's the only way to rescue them.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 23.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Citlali, what are you&mdash;
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I understand the true principle of this technique now. If I can't construct an exit, then I will separate this color from my memories by force!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 24.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' But, you could lose a portion of your memories that way!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 19a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 19b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' I know, but my memory is just a blank canvas I've neglected for two hundred years. My friends are worth the risk...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 hero 02.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq005 26 heroine 02.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' (I have to find her...)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 25.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' When you entered the realm of memory I constructed, I used your memories to learn about your recent experiences. I have a feeling... you're the one who will be saved this time.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 26.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' After two hundred years, someone has appeared by your side &mdash; the kind of person I could have never anticipated.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 27a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 27b.ogg}}--> '''Huitzilin:''' The Night Kingdom harbors Natlan's memories, and the Traveler's connection to that realm is incredibly strong, surpassing even the shamans who worship the Lord of the Night.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 28a.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 28b.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' This means that, even without your tutelage, {{MC|f=s}}he can see the "color of memories."
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What did you say?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 29a.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 29b.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Although {{MC|f=s}}he doesn't know how to wield it, {{MC|f=s}}he unknowingly left behind a trace of color in your memories.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 30a.ogg}} {{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 30b.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' That was enough to guide {{MC|m=him|f=her}} to this space. You now have a "connection" at your disposal.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 31.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' Well, Citlali, it looks like part of this was foreshadowed, but the rest is a surprise.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' {{Traveler}}... {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's... Citlali's voice! She's just up ahead!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 huizilin 32.ogg}} '''Huitzilin:''' This is goodbye, my friend. Your memories over the past two hundred years are much more than a "blank canvas"... Cherish them.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huitzilin...
:{{Color|menu|Huitzilin's memory fragment dissipates, and you and Paimon discover Citlali's whereabouts.}}
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Paimon, {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} We finally found you.
:{{DIcon}} Let's find a way to get out of here.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 26 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Hold my hand!

;(Scene transitions to outside the domain)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did we teleport out? Man, that place was so&mdash;
:{{Color|menu|Explosions and the sounds of a collapse echo from the ruins.}}
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! We made it out just in time!
:{{Color|menu|Citlali reseals the entrance to the ruins.}}
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wonder what happened to the Fatui guy and the others...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He was most likely trapped inside that space, just like us.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The external structures supporting that space would have collapsed with the ruin. Unless he managed to escape, he would have been crushed.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He still preferred that to being caught, huh...
:{{DIcon}} What about the Fontainians?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They were standing a bit further away, right? They probably weren't pulled into the space. Maybe they already made a run for it...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' Um... Hello...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's one of that guy's employees!<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: "It's one of Montluson's employees!"</ref> Quick, restrain him!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 allier 02.ogg}} '''Allier:''' I&mdash;I can explain! I had no idea Montluson was such a terrible person. I couldn't stop him from running, so I stayed behind and tried to find people to help rescue you.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 allier 03.ogg}} '''Allier:''' I'm so glad you managed to get out of there!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Either way, the guards will take you back to the tribe. You'll be their problem.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 allier 04.ogg}} '''Allier:''' I understand...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, I'm not here to harp on you. I just need to know one thing &mdash; which way did he run?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 allier 05.ogg}} '''Allier:''' He went that way! But, I'm not sure if you can catch up...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That way... Hmph, unless he suddenly grows a pair of wings, I think we're okay.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 27 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, come with me.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Having foiled Montluson's conspiracy and successfully escaped, you must now capture him and bring him to justice...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Allier, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq005 allier 01.ogg}} '''Allier:''' I'll wait here for the tribal guards. I'm so sorry the ruin was destroyed...

;(Approach the Iktomisaurs)
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Elder [[Tlapo]] and a group of [[Iktomisaur|iktomisaurs]]! They caught Montluson!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Something felt off about him yesterday, so I set a few things in motion... Looks like it's time for that foreshadowing to pay off.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' My bank balance... No! NO!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong with him?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ah, that's one of the tricks Claw uses to scare people... He makes people hallucinate the thing that scares them the most.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's particularly effective on weak-minded people like him.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Serves him right!
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 claw 01.ogg}} '''Tlapo:''' ...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I know, it was a lot to ask, making you come all the way out here during the day...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 claw 02.ogg}} '''Tlapo:''' !
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was that a declaration? Elder Tlapo didn't appoint us to a whole other task, did he?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Forget about him for now... The iktomisaurs will make sure Montluson doesn't escape before the guards arrive. In the meantime, we have unfinished business, remember?
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! The special scroll! But, the dye is buried underneath a bunch of rubble now...
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't worry, Huitzilin's technique hasn't been lost at all. Come with me, I'll explain everything at my house.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, and {{Traveler}}, everything you said about memory... I've finally figured out my answer.
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 claw 03.ogg}} '''Tlapo:''' !
:{{A|vo xtlllq005 28 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I knew you'd want to tag along. Let's go.
;(Quest completes)

;(Talk to Montluson, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xtlllq006 montluson 01.ogg}} '''Montluson:''' My bank balance...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Seven-Hued Ruins
|zhs      = 七彩之遗
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 七彩之遺
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 七彩の跡
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 일곱 빛깔 유적
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Las Ruinas de los Siete Colores
|es_tl    = The Ruins of the Seven Colors
|fr       = Ruines aux sept teintes
|fr_tl    = Seven-Hued Ruins
|ru       = Руины семи цветов
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ซากโบราณเจ็ดสีสัน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Di Tích Thất Sắc
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ruinen der sieben Farben
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Reruntuhan Tujuh Warna
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Ruínas das Sete Cores
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yedi Renkli Harabeler
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Rovine dei sette colori
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}