{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11018
|image         = Story Quest Seven-Star Selection.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Umbrabilis Orchis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Calculated Gambit
|character     = Yelan
|requirement   = Complete [[Perilous Trail]], [[Sea of Clouds, Sea of People]], and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = Candidature Analysis
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 24,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Huixin; Li'an; Mingbo; Paimon; Qianwei; Shanghua; Traveler; Uncle Tian; Wenyuan; Yelan; Zhiyi
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Seven-Star Selection''' is the first part of [[Yelan]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Umbrabilis Orchis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Calculated Gambit]].

==Steps==
# Walk around [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Go to the 2nd floor of [[Yanshang Teahouse]]
# Go to [[Yuehai Pavilion]] to perform your inspection
# Check the candidate's manifesto (0/3)
# Check on the three people with [[Yelan]]
# Report the outcome of your inspection to [[Uncle Tian]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you stroll around Liyue, you bump into a familiar person...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Huixin)
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 01.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' (Traveler), Paimon, it's been a long time.
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey, [[Huixin]]! Long time no see!
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fancy meeting you here. How's work these days?
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 02.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Thanks to the help of people like you and colleagues like [[Ganyu]], better all the time.
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 03.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' But I've been feeling distracted at work lately. I just feel constantly agitated...
:{{DIcon}} Has something happened?
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 04.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' *sigh* It's a long story, but my father... He's thinking of stepping down from the [[Tianshu]] position due to health issues.
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's wrong with [[Uncle Tian]]?
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 05.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Nothing, specifically... He's not unwell, he says he's just increasingly low on energy these days.
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 06.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' He's always said, "Old age comes for us all in the end"... Still, I just can't help but feel a little emotional watching it happen to him.
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 07.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Anyway, my father's currently on the second floor of [[Yanshang Teahouse]]. Why don't you come pay him a visit with me?
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 huixin 08.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' He seems very fond of you two. I'm sure chatting with you will make him very happy.
:{{A|vo yllq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure! Let's go!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|After talking to Huixin, you decide to go to the second floor of Yanshang Teahouse to visit Uncle Tian.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Uncle Tian)
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uncle Tian! We're here to chat with you!
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Oh? Hah, what a lovely surprise. Welcome. Huixin, why don't you go downstairs and get the shopkeeper to make us a fresh pot of tea?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' I heard that you've been traveling all over the place recently. I would very much like to hear your adventure stories.
:{{DIcon}} We're more concerned about your health, Uncle Tian.
:{{DIcon}} Is everything okay?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Huixin told you, didn't she... Don't worry, I'm quite alright. It's just the years gradually catching up with me.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' As I grow older, I'm starting to find that with many things, though the mind is willing, the flesh is weak. Especially recently, I've noticed a rather drastic drop in my energy levels.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' I am still very much in good standing as the Tianshu today. Nevertheless, I wish to pass on the position before my mental acuity begins to decline beyond redemption.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How difficult is it to transfer the Tianshu position?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Oh, well, you see, the Tianshu is a rather unique position among the Liyue Qixing.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Historically speaking, the Tianshu rarely appears in public. We stay behind the scenes, planning and giving advice. So a public selection process would not be suitable.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' We also want to keep any prospective Tianshu candidates free from influence by outside forces, so we tend to be as discreet as possible in their assessment and appointment.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' For these reasons, the incumbent Tianshu typically recommends their candidate of choice, and this is then approved by the other Qixing members.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So in other words, you pick someone, and then Lady [[Keqing]], Lady [[Ningguang]], and the other Qixing appoint them?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Correct. Unfortunately, due to my health, I won't be able to assess every candidate myself.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Not to despair, however, because I've found someone exceptionally capable to act on my behalf as assessment officer. In fact, I believe you recently became acquainted with her yourself.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Who is it?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'm heartbroken... I thought it might take you a little longer than this to forget all about me?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's [[Yelan]]!
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Jackpot. Uncle Tian here asked me to assess three candidates for him.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Fancy joining me, (Traveler)? You'll be among the first to get to know the next Tianshu. Might be a good opportunity for you.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... What do you think, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} It's a good opportunity.
::{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 07a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks so too! It can't be a bad thing to be on good terms with a new Qixing, right?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not really interested.
::{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Makes sense. After all, whoever the next Tianshu is, it doesn't really make any difference to us.
::{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 07b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon's really curious to see which candidates Uncle Tian picked! So let's go take a look!
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Alright then.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Though I gotta say, Uncle Tian, you say you're into behind-the-scenes planning? My work's of the covert variety, too... Don't you think I might make a good Tianshu?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Yelan, you want to be the next Tianshu?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 12.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' I'm not opposed to the idea, but I suspect Ningguang wouldn't let you go very easily after how long you've been working together.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 uncletian 13.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' So how about this... If your investigation reveals that none of the other candidates are qualified for the position, I'll recommend you for the job.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Deal. Well, you guys take your time. Everything's all set for the assessments to go ahead.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Meet me on the first floor when you're ready. Until then... have a pleasant conversation.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh &mdash; and no need to pay for your tea. As the new owner of this fine establishment, this round's on the house.

:'''After telling Uncle Tian about your recent adventures, you return to the entrance of the teahouse...'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You're all set?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uncle Tian seems really worn down. It's like all his energy's gone...
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Yeah. It may sound harsh, but Uncle Tian is past his prime. He's not cut out for this anymore.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' So, he's recommended three candidates. Their names are: [[Qianwei]], [[Mingbo]], and [[Zhiyi]].
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Qianwei is a wealthy entrepreneur, Mingbo works at the Liyue [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]], and Zhiyi is focused on study and travel.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Try to keep all that in mind... Of course, it doesn't really matter if you forget, since we'll be assessing them at Yuehai Pavilion in a short while.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Qianwei, Mingbo, Zhiyi... Paimon should be able to remember their names, but what does the assessment involve, exactly?
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Let's leave that until we get to [[Yuehai Pavilion]].
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Alright. Heads in the game, people. The stakes don't get much higher than a change in the Qixing. We can't afford to miss anything, no matter how small.
:{{A|vo yllq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it! (Traveler), we'll keep our eyes wide open!

;(Talk to Uncle Tian again)
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 uncletian 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Oh, are the assessments complete?
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... Not just yet...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|To ensure that the position of Tianshu is handed over smoothly, you and Yelan go to Yuehai Pavilion to review the three candidates.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Yuehai Pavilion)
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 qianwei 01.ogg}} '''???:''' My legs are getting sore... What is wrong with this assessment officer? This is a huge occasion, and I don't even get a chair.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 qianwei 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I've dealt with all kinds of people in my time, but never have I been made to stand while I'm waiting for an appointment.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 mingbo 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, I mean... I&mdash;I think it's fine...
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 qianwei 03.ogg}} '''???:''' That's called being complacent. If you're happy to just accept the way things are, you'll never be able to change anything in the future.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 mingbo 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, come on, that's just... Now you're just... being unreasonable.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 zhiyi 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Alright, you two. Let's not get into a big argument over this. It's not worth it.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 zhiyi 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Qianwei, that was a bit uncalled for. And Mingbo, cut him some slack. We've all been standing around for a while. It's natural to be getting irritable.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 zhiyi 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Look, how about this: There's no rule saying we're obliged to stand up while we wait, so why don't we borrow some chairs from the guild nearby?
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 qianwei 04.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' Fine. They're not the best quality chairs, to be sure, but under the circumstances, it would be better than nothing.

:'''You enter the assessment venue with Yelan...'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It looks like all three candidates have arrived.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, it was those three?
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Mm-hmm. We'll meet them formally soon. Before that, let me run you through the assessment process.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I've split it into two stages: "Current Affairs and Planning" and "Face-to-Face Interview."
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' In the first stage, candidates are required to submit a manifesto for Liyue's development. In the second stage, we will ask them some questions in person.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Writing a manifesto takes time, so I informed them of this requirement in advance. These are the reports they submitted.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, one of them is really thick...
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It's also worth mentioning a stipulation I gave them: Whoever is appointed as the new Tianshu will be expected to implement their plan as put forward in their manifesto.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Failing the occurrence of some cataclysmic event, they will not be permitted to change their plan. Therefore, these three piles of documents in front of us represent where each candidate stands on key policy issues.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' There is still some time. Have a skim through, get a first impression of what each person's proposing.
:{{A|vo yllq001 4 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'll be waiting off to the side. Just let me know when you're done.

;(Talk to Yelan again)
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Finished?
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Almost...

;(Talk to Mingbo, Qianwei, and Zhiyi)
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 zhiyi 01.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' By the way, do you have any idea who the assessment officer is this time?
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 mingbo 01.ogg}} '''Mingbo:''' Umm... I'm not sure...?
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 qianwei 01.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' Me neither. They'd better get someone who knows what they're talking about, though. I don't want some amateur trying to decide my fate.

;(Talk to [[Li'an]])
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 lian 01.ogg}} '''Li'an:''' Do you need a hand with anything?
:{{A|vo dialog yllq001 lian 02.ogg}} '''Li'an:''' Huixin is taking some time off at the moment. I'm covering for her, just let me know if you need anything.
----
;(Read Mingbo's Manifesto)
:'''Mingbo's Manifesto:''' (Mingbo's manifesto covers domestic affairs quite comprehensively, focusing on people's livelihoods.)
:'''Mingbo's Manifesto:''' (The core principle seems to be "The greater good means a world that works for everyone.")

;(Read Qianwei's Manifesto)
:'''Qianwei's Manifesto:''' (Qianwei's manifesto addresses many commercial issues and provides some very penetrating analysis.)
:'''Qianwei's Manifesto:''' (His view seems to be that "regulations and incentives are both indispensable.")

;(Read Zhiyi's Manifesto)
:'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' (Zhiyi's manifesto covers domestic affairs, foreign affairs, and checks and balances, all in great detail.)
:'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' (The focus seems to be "problem-solving." It provides concise and clear solutions to various problems.)
:'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' (It's so thick that you only have time to skim through it roughly...)
----
;(Talk to Yelan)
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Finished, huh? What did you think?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everyone took it very seriously...
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Of course they did. They have the chance to be picked as the new Tianshu, so you can bet they're putting their best foot forward.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' And keep in mind, whoever gets in has to execute their plan as-written. Nobody wants to have any regrets.
:{{DIcon}} What did you think, Yelan?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hehe, that's for me to know and you to find out. We can talk more after the interviews.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We'll see the candidates now. Let's do one at a time &mdash; start with Qianwei.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 lian 01.ogg}} '''Li'an:''' Yes, Ma'am.

:'''Li'an brings Qianwei in...'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 9 qianwei 01.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' Oh? So you two are the assessment officers, are you?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 qianwei 02.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' I had assumed that given the great import of this situation, Lady Ningguang would perhaps be assessing us in person. I certainly hadn't imagined I'd be seeing two entirely unfamiliar faces.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 qianwei 03.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' I trust you've read through my manifesto? I'd be more than happy to clarify any details you found difficult to grasp &mdash; it was written with an expert audience in mind, after all.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mind your tone, mister!
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 qianwei 04.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' Relax, it wasn't intended as a personal slight against anyone in particular. I was simply stating a fact.
:{{DIcon}} Man, your communication skills... <!-- even though this dialogue option doesn't mention Cloud Retainer, both options lead to the same dialogue -->
:{{DIcon}} Did you learn them from [[Cloud Retainer]]?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 qianwei 05.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' Cloud Retainer... you know this adeptus? Oh... Yes, I remember now. You must be the traveler that people are constantly talking about.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 qianwei 06.ogg}} '''Qianwei:''' With your sterling reputation, you must have a respectable level of erudition. Perhaps you will be able to understand the concepts I have put forward... although I shouldn't get my hopes up.

:'''After asking Qianwei some questions, Yelan tells him to fetch Mingbo.'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 9 mingbo 01.ogg}} '''Mingbo:''' Oh... is it my turn?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Yes. Please introduce yourself.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 mingbo 02.ogg}} '''Mingbo:''' I'm, uh, Mingbo... I work in the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 mingbo 03.ogg}} '''Mingbo:''' I've worked there for, um, 9 years... 5 months... and 3 days. In that time, I've handled... 2,347 cases.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 mingbo 04.ogg}} '''Mingbo:''' I have 12 active cases at the moment... They should be concluded in, uh... 16 days?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 mingbo 05.ogg}} '''Mingbo:''' My current work is related to urban planning and I am also responsible for, uh, auditing the accounts. To be more precise, there are three parts to the accounts, namely...
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Is it just Paimon, or is he not very good at public speaking?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You know what, let's leave the self-introduction there and move onto some questions.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 mingbo 06.ogg}} '''Mingbo:''' Oh... Okay. Sorry...

:'''Yelan forces her way through a few questions with Mingbo, then gets him to fetch Zhiyi.'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 9 zhiyi 01.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' Hello. Hehe... Not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little nervous.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 zhiyi 02.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' What would you like to know? You're here to assess me, so ask away and I'll answer your questions to the best of my ability.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Your manifesto is very wide in its scope, but you don't seem to be personally involved in many of the specific fields. How can you be sure that you have the ability to put your plan into action?
:{{DIcon}} That was blunt...
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 zhiyi 03.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' Very fair question &mdash; I completely understand where you're coming from.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 zhiyi 04.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' But I'm confident in my plan. I've visited many different places, talked to lots of people with far more expertise than myself, and my manifesto is the conclusion of these efforts.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 zhiyi 05.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' Of course, two different problems can be interconnected in very complicated ways, and you might reach two very contradictory conclusions depending on which one you're focusing on. What I've tried to do is strike a balance. In other words, present an optimal solution to all the problems as a whole.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' How do you plan to determine whether you are right or wrong about your proposed solution being the optimal one?
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 zhiyi 06.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' A great question! Well, I'd start by having my colleagues and the secretaries of the Yuehai Pavilion evaluate any proposals before implementation. Post-implementation, it would all come down to the results.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 zhiyi 07.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' If it turned out that my judgment was to blame for poor results, I would take responsibility.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Nice answer. Alright, next question...

:'''After asking Zhiyi a few questions, Yelan sends him on his way.'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He seems like a great guy! Everything he said was thoughtful and logical and... he was just a pleasure to listen to!
:{{DIcon}} I agree...
:{{DIcon}} Meh...
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Here's my take on what we just learned.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' As you saw, Qianwei is highly knowledgeable. He proposes many excellent ideas in his manifesto which effectively target the big issues.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But he is very proud and incredibly stubborn. He doesn't care much about other people's feelings.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Mingbo's plan is more thorough and more measured. You can tell he's meticulous in his work, very detail-oriented.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But he and Qianwei are otherwise polar opposites. Mingbo is not very articulate and comes across as very timid in conversation.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Perfect summary, Paimon couldn't agree more! You're good at this, Yelan!
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Last but not least, Zhiyi. His manifesto is full of pertinent details, his methodology is sound, and his proposals cover a broad range of fields, which is quite a rare feat.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 17.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The depth he goes into in each and every area means it can only be a product of painstaking work. Plus, he is modest and good at dealing with people.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 18.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But what really interests me is that many of his views happen to coincide with Uncle Tian's. Having someone like Zhiyi take the position would certainly put Uncle Tian's mind at rest.
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great!
:{{A|vo yllq001 9 yelan 19.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We'll see. Let's go back and report to Uncle Tian.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|With the inspection finished, it is time to return to Yangshang Teahouse's second floor to report to Uncle Tian.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Uncle Tian)
:'''You tell Uncle Tian about the assessment process.'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' *cough* ...I see. Then it's more or less as I anticipated.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Alright, then let me ask this. The ideas in Zhiyi's manifesto are very similar to your own. Is there any particular reason behind this?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' I didn't want to say anything when I gave you the list of candidates, for fear of affecting your judgment. But I can tell you now.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Those three candidates have all studied under me in the past. It's only natural that they share some similarities with me.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' But Qianwei went on to focus on his business and Mingbo has always been occupied with his work at the Ministry of Civil Affairs. Of all of them, Zhiyi was with me for the longest duration.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! So how did you get to know them all, Uncle Tian?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Qianwei was referred to me by an old friend, Mingbo came to my attention in the course of my work. As for Zhiyi... Haha, that was pure happenstance.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' We first met while fishing. Gradually, as we got to know each other, we started discussing all sorts of topics.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Zhiyi came from a poor family and his parents died when he was very young. But he was a gifted student and a fast learner.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' He reminded me of a younger version of myself. So I started out giving him a few words of advice when we were out fishing, and noticed how quickly he caught on.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like he's a friend to you.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like he's family to you.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Quite. And now, all of a sudden, he's grown into a mature young man. It's a joy to see, but it also gets one thinking.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' The young are growing up, and I am growing old. How time flies... No one can escape the cycle of life.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I dunno, Uncle Tian, you still seem in pretty good shape to me. You might have another few years of work left in you, don't you think?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Oh, you! There's really no need to console me. Having less energy than I used to isn't such a bad thing. It just means I finally have a good reason to retire and spend my days doing what old men like me should be doing: going fishing whenever I feel like it.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like you sure love fishing, Uncle Tian!
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 12.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' There's nothing quite like fishing to pass the time. And freshly caught fish, ah, they make the most beautiful fish soup with barely any preparation required.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fresh fish soup! Mmm, sounds tasty!
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 13.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Doesn't it? Also, some time ago, Zhiyi purchased a very special recipe from an old fisherman.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 14.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' When we've been fishing recently, Zhiyi always brings some extra ingredients he prepared in advance. The addition of these makes the soup taste even more wonderful.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 15.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' That flavor makes for a fond memory... But at my age, who knows how many more chances I have left to taste it again.
:{{DIcon}} Very many chances, I'm sure.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, can Paimon come next time, too? Paimon really wants to try it!
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Let's get back to the matter at hand. Uncle Tian, we've reported back, do you have a verdict?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 16.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Mm-hmm, I appointed you as the assessment officer, and I trust your judgment.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 17.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Had you not asked me why Zhiyi's ideas were so similar to mine, I was not going to mention my history with any of them.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 18.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' This decision must be guided by what is fair and right. Please disregard all other considerations, and make your final decision only after a thorough review of each candidate's talents and capabilities.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 uncletian 19.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Remember... you must be thorough.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Understood.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' C'mon, (Traveler) let's go talk somewhere else.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bye-bye, Uncle Tian. Look after yourself!

:'''You follow Yelan outside the teahouse...'''

:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... it's gonna be Zhiyi, right?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His manifesto was written well, and he's the best speaker...
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Easy, let's not rush. There's no time limit for this assessment.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So... are you gonna give them more tests or something?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' No, nothing like that. The assessment itself is complete. But let me give you a word of advice: Things are not always as they appear.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The biggest no-no in intelligence work is to only get information from the person of interest themselves. The truth is almost always hidden beneath many layers of deception. You have to get information through many different channels.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' For example... [[Wenyuan]]. [[Shanghua]].
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 wenyuan 01.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' Yes?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 shanghua 01.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Lady Yelan, what are your orders?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Who are they? Where did they come from?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Did they scare you? These two are Wenyuan and Shanghua. They work for me.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' As my trusted assistants, they are always standing guard nearby. They also perform various assignments as required.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Shanghua is a business expert who gets his information by trading, Wenyuan relies on word of mouth, and there is also [[Wupei]], who's not here right now...
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 wenyuan 02.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' That meathead must've been out there on sea surveillance for some time now... Is he alright? I seem to remember that he can't swim.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 shanghua 02.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Heh, nothing can take that guy down. Certainly not a little wind and waves.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Shanghua, visit all the commerce guilds and look into Qianwei's background. Wenyuan, go to the Ministry of Civil Affairs and look through Mingbo's work files.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 together 01.ogg}} '''Wenyuan & Shanghua:''' Yes, Ma'am!
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, so what about Zhiyi?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Zhiyi? Well, obviously, as the most promising candidate, we will be investigating him ourselves.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Let's go to the docks first. Lots of people passing through there, you can find out all kinds of things.
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we're looking for information, why don't we try talking to [[Bolai]], the owner of [[Wanyou Boutique]]?
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He does business at the North Wharf. Maybe he'll have some news for us...
:{{A|vo yllq001 10 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm, that's actually not a bad idea. Let's go and ask him.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Seven-Star Selection
|zhs     = 七星选拔
|zhs_rm  = Qīxīng Xuǎnbá
|zht     = 七星選拔
|zht_rm  = Qīxīng Xuǎnbá
|zh_tl   = Qixing Selection
|ja      = 七星選抜
|ja_rm   = Shichisei Senbatsu
|ja_tl   = Qixing Selection
|ko      = 칠성 선발
|ko_rm   = Chilseong Seonbal
|ko_tl   = Qixing Selection
|es      = Lo más selecto de las Siete Estrellas
|es_tl   = The Most Choicest of the Seven Stars
|fr      = La sélection des Sept Étoiles
|fr_tl   = The Selection of the Seven Stars
|ru      = Выбор Цисин
|ru_tl   = Qixing Selection
|th      = การคัดเลือก Qixing
|th_rm   = Kan Khat Lueak Qixing
|th_tl   = Qixing Selection
|vi      = Tuyển Chọn Thất Tinh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auswahl der Qixing
|de_tl   = Selection of the Qixing
|id      = Pemilihan Qixing
|id_tl   = Qixing Selection
|pt      = Seleção dos Qixing
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yedi Yıldız Seçimi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Scelta delle Sette Stelle
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}