{{EventTabs}}
==Journey to Tsurumi==
{{Main|Journey to Tsurumi}}

The [[Traveler]] hears about a commission from [[Katheryne]] in Inazuma that involves investigating an area on [[Tsurumi Island]]. However, the last adventurer to take up this commission abandoned it without giving details as to why, and nobody has been willing to take it on since. After accepting the commission, the Traveler discovers a [[Ruin Grader]] at the site and defeats it, only for the Ruin Grader to regenerate itself and continue attacking.

The Traveler retreats to [[Inazuma City]] and informs Katheryne of this anomaly. She directs them to the commissioner &mdash; [[Hosseini]], a scholar the Traveler had previously aided during the event [[Energy Amplifier]]. Suspecting this Ruin Grader is drawing from the ley lines for power, unlike ordinary ones which rely exclusively on their [[Chaos Core]]s, Hosseini suggests they use the Pursina's Spikes he had shipped from [[Sumeru]] to disrupt the flow of the ley lines. However, because the Spikes were damaged in transit, Hosseini gives the Traveler [[Ayesha's Chaos Prospector]], which searches ancient ruins for the relics needed to repair the Spikes.

===Survey Sites===
{{Quote|Traces of ancient civilizations can be found throughout the continent, but only a few can comprehend them and understand just how mighty these civilizations that lie behind the ruins really were.|World Map description for Survey Sites}}

The following ruins contain relics that can be used to repair Pursina's Spikes:
* [[Stormterror's Lair]] (the capital city of [[Decarabian's Mondstadt]])
* [[Yaoguang Shoal]]
* [[Qingxu Pool]]
* [[Tatarasuna]]

==Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Preface==
<!--Quest Overview:-->
{{Description|The preliminary work is now complete. All that's left is to help Hosseini perfom some final calibrations, and you will be able to get rid of the obstacle that bars your path.}}
{{Main|Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Preface}}

===Sampling Points===
{{Quote|The energy surging through the ley lines has attracted all manner of foes...|World Map description for Sampling Points}}

The test runs for the final calibration are conducted in the same places where the relics were found:
* [[Stormterror's Lair]]
* [[Yaoguang Shoal]]
* [[Qingxu Pool]]
* [[Tatarasuna]]

After completing the calibrations two '''Special Sampling Points''' will appear:
* [[Dragonspine]]
* [[Guyun Stone Forest]]

==Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Live Sample==
<!--Quest Overview:-->
{{Description|After all this busywork, you have finally acquired the means of removing your main obstacle. It's time for a showdown!}}
{{Main|Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Live Sample}}

===Anomalous Model Ruin Grader===
{{Quote|An odd Ruin Grader that can be found lumbering amidst the thick fog that hangs over Tsurumi Island. It is significantly stronger than your average Ruin Grader.<br />For reasons unknown, it has appeared on this deserted island, along with the equally enigmatic ancient techniques that power it. Hosseini has a strong academic interest in this Ruin Grader and would like you to defeat it, all the better for his research to continue.|World Map description, [[Tsurumi Island]]}}

==Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Conclusion==
{{Description|With Hosseini's help, you successfully defeated that unique autonomous machine. Inform him of the good news.}}
{{Main|Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Conclusion}}
After placing the [[Pursina's Spike]]s in the investigation area and cutting off the Ley Line power flow, the Traveler successfully defeats the [[Anomalous Model Ruin Grader]] and informs [[Hosseini]] of this good news. Hosseini wishes the investigate further and asks to see the remains of the anomalous model, however the Traveler destroyed it completely; Hosseini remarks on the colossal waste but he takes the blame for not telling the Traveler to leave behind enough for taking samples. Afterwards, Hosseini briefly talks about his struggles in Inazuma so far and considers changing his research topic to the Pursina's Spikes.

[[pt-br:Sombra dos Antigos/História]]
[[vi:Bóng Hình Cổ Xưa/Cốt Truyện]]