{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22045
|image         = Commission Shadow of the Cat.png
|type          = Commission
|region        = Inazuma
|npc           = Neko; Ooshima Junpei
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|characters    = Neko; Ooshima Junpei; Paimon; Traveler
|requirement   = Complete [[Neko Is a Cat]] [[World Quest]] Series
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Shadow of the Cat''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]. It is unlocked after completing the [[World Quest]] series [[Neko Is a Cat]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Ooshima Junpei]]
#Take a picture of [[Neko]] from the right side
#Take a picture of Neko from the left side
#Give the pictures to Ooshima Junpei

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ooshima Junpei]], who works at the [[Asase Shrine]], seems to be troubled over the matter of his wooden carving...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ooshima Junpei)
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Hmm, this still doesn't feel quite right...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Ah, Traveler, you're here! Just the person I wanted to see.
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Recently, I've gotten the feeling that the wood carvings I've been making... don't have... you know, life.
:{{DIcon}} Well, they are made of wood.
::'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Oh, that's not what I mean...
:{{DIcon}} What sort of "life" are you looking to inject into your art?
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Hmm. How do I explain this? What I'm looking for is...
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' You see, our provisional head priestess is mostly asleep, but at times, she will wake and wander about.
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' While on her walks, she will hop or jump, pounce at some fallen leaves, or stretch, and things like that...
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' I want to capture that in motion. I want to make carvings using these actions as a basis. That's what I mean by "life."
:{{DIcon}} Well, go see for yourself, then...
:{{DIcon}} Well, she's right over there...
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Well, I, uh... I'm a little embarrassed to do that.
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Whatever we say, she is my boss. I feel like if I were to squat beside her and observe, I might make her unhappy...
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Your relationship, on the other hand, should be way better. So, could you help me take a few pictures to use as a reference material?
:{{DIcon}} Alright, alright, I got it...
:{{DIcon}} No guarantee on capturing the actions you want...
::'''Ooshima Junpei:''' No problem. You don't have to go for those big movements. I don't think my carving technique could keep up with that at the moment...
::'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Just capture a few poses. I think that'll do for now.
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Alright, thanks so much, Traveler. Just bring me those pictures once you're done taking them.

;(If you talk to Ooshima Junpei before taking the pictures)
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' I'll leave the picture-taking business to you. Just bring them to me once you're done.

;(If you talk to Neko while taking pictures of her)
:'''Neko:''' Mm? What are you doing?
:{{DIcon}} Taking pictures.
:'''Neko:''' ...And what are those? You truly are strange.
:'''Neko:''' Eh, it matters not. Continue as you were &mdash; just refrain from messing the shrine up.

;(Take a picture of Neko from the right side)
;(Obtain [[Right-Side Photo]])
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we got a picture from this side. Let's go over to Neko's left.

;(Take a picture of Neko from the left side)
;(Obtain [[Left-Side Photo]])
:'''Paimon:''' This should do it! Let's bring the pictures back to Junpei.

;(Talk to Ooshima Junpei)
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' How did it go? Did you get the pictures?
:{{DIcon}} Wasn't that hard.
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Let me see... Ooh! This angle... This pose... Pretty good! Pretty good indeed!
:{{DIcon}} Well, aren't you excited...
:{{DIcon}} Will these do?
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Oh, they'll more than do!
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Thank you so much, Traveler. Please take these. I'll start practicing in just a moment.
:'''Ooshima Junpei:''' Oh ho ho, this is pretty good...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shadow of the Cat
|zhs     = 猫的留影
|zhs_rm  = Māo de Liúyǐng
|zht     = 貓的留影
|zht_rm  = Māo de Liúyǐng
|zh_tl   = Photo of the Cat
|ja      = 猫の写真
|ja_rm   = Neko no Shashin
|ja_tl   = Photo of the Cat
|ko      = 고양이의 사진
|ko_rm   = Goyang'i-ui Sajin
|ko_tl   = Picture of Cat
|es      = Sombra felina
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = L'ombre d'un chat
|fr_tl   = The Shadow of a Cat
|ru      = Кошачья тень
|ru_tl   = A Cat's Shadow
|th      = เงาของแมวเหมียว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Shadow of the Cat
|vi      = Ảnh Lưu Niệm Của Mèo
|vi_tl   = The Cat's Souvenir Photo
|de      = Der Schatten der Katze
|de_tl   = The Shadow of the Cat
|id      = Foto Kenangan Kucing
|id_tl   = Commemorative Photo of the Cat
|pt      = Sombra do Gato
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}