{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13024
|image         = Story Quest Shade Upon Red Silk.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Mantichora Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Lionsblood
|character     = Dehya
|requirement   = * Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Complete Archon Quest [[A Toast to Victory]]
|characters    = Dehya; Dunyarzad; Harun; Hisham; Khalaf; Paimon; Sattar; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Grand Bazaar]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = Annals of the Scarlet Sands
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*525;Mora*34,075;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Shade Upon Red Silk''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Lionsblood}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Grand Bazaar]]
# Go to [[Caravan Ribat]] to learn more about the situation
# Watch over the trade route and wait for your moment
# Intercept the caravan and search for clues {{Enemy List|Eremite Sword-Dancer;Eremite Crossbow*2;Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier; Shaggy Sumpter Beast}}
#* A trial [[Dehya]] will join the party for this step.
# Talk to [[Sattar]]
# Look for clues among the goods

Note: Doing this quest before {{Ref/Quest|Soloist's Prologue}} will result in NPC conflict for step 2 that can only be resolved by advancing the Archon Quest 'past' the conflict.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->
|wl                      = 5, 8
<!-- Character -->
|character_name          = Dehya
|weapon_name             = Beacon of the Reed Sea

<!-- WL 5 -->

|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8

|hp5                     = 35,956
|atk5                    = 1,599
|def5                    = 685
|em5                     = 92
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 79.1%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%

<!-- WL 8 -->

|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 47,871
|atk8                    = 1,834
|def8                    = 752
|em8                     = 145
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 90.2%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|One day, you and Paimon stop by the Grand Bazaar...}}
;(Enter the Grand Bazaar)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, Paimon's trying to remember... what else did we put on our shopping list...?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sniff* Oh, what a mouthwatering smell! Paimon would know the aroma of [[Biryani]] anywhere! Let's go get some!
:{{DIcon}} That wasn't on our list, was it?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, we can still add it to the list!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Well, if it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Wasn't expecting to see you here.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Hello there! It's been quite a while.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, so you two are still hanging out together! Dehya, didn't you say last time that you were gonna head back to the desert?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha, I said I was going to resign from being her bodyguard, not that our friendship was over. We're still the best of friends.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The [[Homayani Family|Homayanis]] also still post jobs from time to time. Their pay is always generous, so me and the other mercs never pass them up.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I told Dehya to just stay at our place when she took one of those jobs a few days ago.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' My parents were delighted. They even said that it always felt like we were missing someone whenever Dehya wasn't around.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Pff, that sounds like something they would say alright. They are always so welcoming...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Anyway, the job is already taken care of, so I was gonna head back to the brigade as soon as I finished a little shopping. But the master kept insisting and I ended up staying for another day.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' You can stay for as many days as you want, Dehya. Father hasn't even gotten around to treating you to his best dishes yet.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Heh, you know I'm not the kind of person to stay put in one place like that, my lady. Don't worry though &mdash; there'll always be next time.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But she said they'll treat you to the "best dishes"... Paimon can't believe you can still refuse that!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 05.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Ah, but wait, didn't you say last time that you would take me on a trip to the desert? Why don't you just take me with you today when you leave?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 06.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' There are so many places I still haven't visited yet.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm sorry, my lady, but no can do. There are still a few things I need to take care of back at the brigade. Besides, the desert hasn't exactly been the most peaceful place lately.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 07.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Oh, come on, not this again! That's also what you said last time, and the time before that.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I know, I'm sorry! Just give me some more time, and I promise I'll plan the best trip ever for you.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 08.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Alright, fine. To be perfectly honest, it's not that I wanted to go, it's more like... I feel like something is off about you lately.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 09.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Ever since you first set foot on the estate a few days ago, you've been acting anxious and even paranoid.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 10.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Have you been delaying our trip because you've run into some kind of trouble?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Nah, are you kidding? You're worrying too much.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 11.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Would you swear on that? Friends shouldn't lie to each other, you know. I won't pry any further if you're willing to swear on what you just said.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 12.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' But if something really is bothering you, then just tell me. You know I'll help you however I can.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, looks like Dunyarzad was on to something.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' *sigh* You're too perceptive, my lady. Seems I can't hide anything from you.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I just thought that nothing good could come out of telling you about the messy happenings of mercenaries. Knowing too much only leads to more trouble.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Mercenary life is a dog-eat-dog world where [[Mora]] reigns supreme. Everything operates on a completely different set of rules.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 13.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' That doesn't change anything about what I just said, though. We're still friends, and I can only support you if I understand what's bothering you.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' My lady... *sigh* You're not gonna stop until you drag it out of me, are ya...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alright, I'll share what I know. Let's go somewhere else first, this isn't exactly the best place for a discussion.
:{{color|menu|You go talk somewhere else.}}
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Okay, let's talk here. Just try not to draw any extra attention.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' As you may already know, [[the Eremites]] have both a lot of mercenaries and a complex organizational structure. Many mercs are no different than me, just going around looking for jobs to earn some Mora.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' My brigade is called the "Blazing Beasts." We're not a large group, but every member is loyal and brave.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' However, not all Eremite brigades are like mine. Some are willing to cross all kinds of lines for the sake of Mora. The most notorious is a faction known as "Deshret's Relics."
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Deshret's Relics? Judging from the name, they must really look up to...
:{{DIcon}} [[King Deshret]].
:{{DIcon}} Al-Ahmar.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 20.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yep, you got it. I've heard that you've already crossed paths with [[Ayn Al-Ahmar]]? They're one of the groups under the Relics' banner.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean the group that tried to sell us the [[Divine Knowledge Capsule]]! Yeah, they weren't friendly at all...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 21.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Deshret's Relics is composed of many smaller brigades like Ayn Al-Ahmar. The Relics' headquarters issues orders to all brigades under its control.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 22.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' On any other day, I would want nothing to do with them. Unfortunately though, the brigade that's stirring up trouble now is none other than Dakan Al-Ahmar.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dakan...?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 23.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I think it means "beard" or something. Believe me, it's a really stupid name... I've found it insufferable for years.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 24.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Anyway, the real issue is that Dakan Al-Ahmar is led by my father, [[Kusayla]].
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Say what now!?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 14.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I think I'm starting to understand your anxiety now... but what did they do?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 25.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I won't go into details, my lady, but they've been involved in a lot of violent incidents. We're talking hundreds.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Hundreds!?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 26.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yep. The scenes tend to be quite gruesome, too. They strip the victims of all their valuables before murdering them.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 27.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Not only have they targeted merchant caravans and ordinary citizens, but other mercenary brigades as well.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 15.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' ...That's beyond terrible. They won't even spare their own kind.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 28.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I don't know how Deshret's Relics sees it, all I do know is that Dakan Al-Ahmar has become more and more aggressive over the last few years.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 29.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If I don't do something about them, then even my brigade or the people of [[Aaru Village]] could become their next target.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 30.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' *sigh* I just wish I knew what's driven him to do this...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, how can your father do such terrible things?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 31.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I dunno, people change. He's always been pretty pathetic, but at least in the past, there were still a few lines that he wouldn't cross.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's setting the bar pretty low...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 32.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I mean, if he was even remotely decent, then why would I have to leave the brigade and cut all ties with him?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 33.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He was loud and foolish, with no real sense of purpose. Instead of doing anything useful, he spent most of his time drinking and chasing after women.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 34.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Of course, the other brigade members were just like him. Their ruckus would go on night after night...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a nightmare...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 16.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' What about your mother? Did she ever step in to stop them?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 35.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...Unfortunately, I never knew my mother.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 17.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Ah... I'm sorry, Dehya. I didn't know...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 36.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It's alright, my lady. That's pretty common in mercenary circles. Didn't I mention that my father was chasing after women? I was the result of one of those encounters with some random person.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 37.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He told me that he wasn't sure who my mother was, and in any case, she never came to see me.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 38.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He'd say, "You'll be fine as long as you remember to stick with Dad," but even then, he left most of the parenting to the brigade. The one thing I do remember is that he used to tell me stories.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 39.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But the problem was that he had terrible taste. He only knew a few stories, and even those tended to be pretty stale...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 40.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' They were tales of desert warriors defeating dragons in the forest, or stories of mercenaries rescuing princesses from rebel armies.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like your typical fairy tales...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 41.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' More or less, yeah. They were interesting maybe the first or second time around, but after about 20 repeats, they started to get a little dull...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 42.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He seemed to think those stories were the best things ever, though. He was so into 'em that he'd call the whole brigade over and make them perform the whole thing as a play.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 43.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even the toys he gave me would all be story props... I'd get helmets, shields, and toy swords.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 44.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It was only much later when I realized that the shows were more for him than they ever were for me.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What an interesting guy.
:{{DIcon}} But it doesn't sound like he had all bad intentions?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 45.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, I've always found him pretty childish, but that was something I could just shrug off. I had no reason to despise him...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 46.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...Until I grew up, and learned the true face of Deshret's Relics for myself.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 47.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Looting, blackmail, violence, and fraud... They not only accepted such heinous acts, they would even openly boast about them.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 48.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' No one in the brigade was any kind of hero, instead, my father and his cronies were more like the bad guys that needed to be taken down.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 49.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Did they really think that as long as they didn't do any of that stuff right in front of me, I would never know?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 18.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I think I can understand your feelings. The difference between perception and reality must have hit hard...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 50.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, but don't worry, my lady, it's all water under the bridge to me now. I had a huge argument with my father, and left that place behind for good.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 51.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm not investigating them due to any bitter feelings I still have towards my father. I just want to protect those that are close to me.
:{{DIcon}} You just want to find out...
:{{DIcon}} Why they suddenly started causing so much more trouble.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 52.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, I told the boys to gather as much information as they could. Most of the reports concern violent incidents, but there's also some talk of smuggling.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 19.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I see... But isn't this investigation incredibly dangerous?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 53.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It is, but every mercenary lives life on the edge. It's a lifestyle that I enjoy.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 20.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' That may be true, but it'll be impossible for those who care about you not to worry.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 54.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Well... now you get why I didn't want to share any of this with you.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do? They both have valid concerns...
:{{DIcon}} I'll go back to the desert with Dehya.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 55.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh? But there's no need for you to get caught up in this mess, too.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 18a.ogg}} {{A|vo dhylq001 1 paimon 18b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s super tough, so if {{MC|m=he|f=she}} went to the desert with you, then Paimon bets the problem would be solved in no time!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 21a.ogg}} {{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 21b.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Hmm... I'm inclined to agree. I'd feel a lot more at ease if you took {{MC|m=him|f=her}} along to help.
:{{DIcon}} You can count on me!
:{{DIcon}} I'll do my best.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 22.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I'll wait for news from you in the city until then. Please, stay safe.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 56.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm honored that you care so much for me, my lady.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dehya 57.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alright, then let's get moving. Our first stop will be Caravan Ribat, where we can catch up a bit with my fellow mercs.

;(Talk to Dunyarzad, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dhylq001 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Please be careful. I'll stay in the city and wait for news from you.
:{{A|vo dialog dhylq001 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Just don't do anything reckless, alright?

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Dunyarzad, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 23a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 23b.ogg}}--> '''Dunyarzad:''' (I sure hope they'll be okay...)
----
{{Quest Description|update|While at the Grand Bazaar, you and Paimon encountered Dehya and Dunyarzad. Through conversation, you learned that Dehya's father had committed a great many wrongs, spurring Dehya to see an end to this familial disgrace. To prevent Dunyarzad from worrying too much, you and Paimon decide to accompany Dehya on her task.}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Harun, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 01.ogg}} '''Harun:''' (I think something's definitely up with Dakan Al-Ahmar.)

;(Approach [[Harun]] in Caravan Ribat)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 02.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Hey, Dehya, you're back! Are these two friends of yours?
:{{DIcon}} It's a pleasure to meet you.
::{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 03a 1.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Hahaha, likewise. There's no need to be so formal with us. We're a pretty casual crew.
:{{DIcon}} I'd trust Dehya with my life.
::{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 03b 1.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Oh? So you've already become like one of us then, haha. That's good to know.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 04.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Anyway, since we've got newcomers, let me fill you in on what Dakan Al-Ahmar's been up to lately.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 05.ogg}} '''Harun:''' They've become extremely aggressive. Apparently even their own now have become acceptable targets.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 06.ogg}} '''Harun:''' They even attack other Relics brigades just the same as any other mercenary brigade.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even the most ferocious beasts still protect their own. It sounds like they've thrown that straight to the wind.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 07.ogg}} '''Harun:''' That's right. Once they've collected enough loot off the other mercenaries, they sell it off to a different brigade, or turn to merchants on the black market.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 08.ogg}} '''Harun:''' A portion of their profits is immediately exchanged for more food and weaponry to be used in their next violent operation.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's terrible...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 09.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Yeah, and it really makes you wonder why they're so desperate for Mora.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 10.ogg}} '''Harun:''' A few days ago, [[Hisham]] and I trailed them for a while, and even disguised ourselves as merchants to conduct trade with them. We were able to learn a few things from the exchange.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 11.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Rather than saying they're out to plunder and hoard Mora, it'd probably be more accurate to say that they're experiencing an internal power struggle.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Wait, a power struggle?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 12.ogg}} '''Harun:''' You heard me right. The vast majority of their victims are mercenaries from the other brigades of Deshret's Relics.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 13.ogg}} '''Harun:''' If their only goal was Mora, they could have gone after anybody. The targeted nature of their attacks points to a power struggle between the different brigades within the Relics, that's the only plausible explanation we have.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 14.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Unfortunately, we weren't able to find out anything more specific. It seems they're also trying to keep things under wraps.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 15.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Oh, one last thing we discovered was that over the past few years, as Dakan Al-Ahmar became more and more active, Deshret's Relics as a whole became a lot weaker.
:{{DIcon}} They were able to cause so much damage...?
:{{DIcon}} That somehow makes things even more confusing.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Sounds mighty strange to me, too. Harun, you can leave the rest of the investigation to us.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Gotta say though, I didn't expect you to go on a whole undercover mission during the few days I was gone. Sounds like you were really putting your necks on the line, no?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 16.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Nah, it was nothin'. We're just as concerned about the situation as you are. Dakan Al-Ahmar is your father's crew, after all.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Haha, what he said. Besides, Dehya, haven't you done more dangerous things than all of us combined? What we did is nothing compared to your experiences.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Yeah! And while they went to talk with Dakan Al-Ahmar, I took a look at the last camp they attacked.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Any survivors of the attack were already long gone. There was nothing of value left in the camp.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah, Hisham and [[Khalaf]], you're here too.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 02.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' We rushed over as soon as we saw you come into Caravan Ribat.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 03b.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Although this new friend of yours looks a little green behind the ears, I'm sensing a special vibe from {{MC|m=him|f=her}}.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 04.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Now that we know you'll have a capable partner with you, we can also rest easy.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what about Paimon? Feel anything special?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 05.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Oh, uh... You're also planning to tag along with them?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo dhylq001 2 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! Paimon is the Traveler's most important guide. Wherever {{MC|m=he|f=she}} goes, Paimon will follow!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 06.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Oh, in that case... then you'd better take care of her too, Dehya.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, don't underestimate Paimon!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hahaha, don't worry about her. She may look tiny and helpless, but she's been through just as many battles as the Traveler here.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even if she had only survived on sheer luck, then that alone would still make her quite formidable.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 07.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Hah, I had no idea... I guess I shouldn't judge by appearances, haha.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 03.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' Oh, one other thing, Dehya. When you're free, why don't you update the deputy about your upcoming schedule?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 04.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' We held another recruitment event a few days ago, but everyone only came to see the Flame-Mane. You weren't around at the time, so people were pretty disappointed to only find our crew of rough, unkempt guys.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 05.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' The deputy put a lot of effort into the event, but it was basically for nothing... only a few people chose to stay, and that really got to him.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah, sorry to hear that. I'll be sure to bring him some great liquor next time... I left in a hurry, and I couldn't make it back in time for the event.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 08.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Gotta admit, I can understand their disappointment, though. You're our brigade's main selling point, after all.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 09.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Now, if only the deputy could figure out a way to bring a few more smokin' hot members into our ranks...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hah, keep dreaming. Remember the last time I invited a couple gals into the brigade? You all just froze up with your mouths gaping, like a bunch o' scarecrows.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The awkward silence and weird expressions left quite the impression on 'em. They were originally interested in joining us, but after that, they both told me they were too uncomfortable to stick around.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 hisham 10.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' Hey, didn't we agree to never bring that up again!?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 06.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' Huh? Wait, are you serious? Why've I never heard about this?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 17.ogg}} '''Harun:''' I don't think you were a part of the brigade yet.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 07.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' Are you kidding me!? I missed a once-in-a-lifetime moment like that, and you weren't even gonna tell me!?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 18.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Alright, alright! We can tell you about it later. Now's not the time.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 khalaf 08.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' Hey, don't you try to change the subject! You and Hisham get your butts over here and tell me everything right now.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, are they... always like this?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha, more or less.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' There aren't many rules or graces when it comes to mercenaries. We're used to just speaking our minds.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If someone starts getting under your skin, you just yell right back at 'em. If that doesn't put an end to it... eh, then you just challenge 'em to a fight.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But we also don't tend to take many things too seriously. Being direct and getting it all out of your system as soon as things come up is better than keeping everything bottled up and never talking about it.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's also why I never spare their feelings when I talk to them. If I wanna laugh, I'll laugh. If I'm angry, then I'll unload on 'em. It's hard to stop once you get used to it, though I can never do that when I'm with the Homayanis.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hey, knuckleheads. Can you at least tell me the rest of the intel before you go back to your bickering?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 19.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Yeah, you hear her, Khalaf? Told ya we gotta focus on the investigation first. Ahem, I drew up a map &mdash; right here's the spot &mdash; there you'll find the merchant caravan responsible for getting rid of Dakan Al-Ahmar's looted goods.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 20.ogg}} '''Harun:''' All you gotta do is wait and ambush them in the evening. They'll have no idea what hit 'em.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Perfect, thanks for that. Be sure to pass my regards to everyone else in the brigade as well.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 2 harun 21.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Will do. You stay safe, Dehya.

;(Talk to Harun, Hisham, or Khalaf, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dhylq001 harun 01.ogg}} '''Harun:''' Now, like I said... The two ladies Dehya brought with her were also like super-mercs, I'm talkin' same level as Flame-Mane here.
:{{A|vo dialog dhylq001 harun 02.ogg}} '''Harun:''' You should have seen it, the aura of the two of 'em when they were standing together... it was incredible! I was just at a loss for words, that's all!
:{{A|vo dialog dhylq001 khalaf 01.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' So pathetic...
:{{A|vo dialog dhylq001 harun 03.ogg}} '''Harun:''' H&mdash;Hey, shut up!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Khalaf, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 khalaf 01.ogg}} '''Khalaf:''' (How could I have missed a moment like that!?)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Harun, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 harun 01.ogg}} '''Harun:''' (C'mon, you can only trash us like this because you weren't there...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Hisham, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 hisham 01.ogg}} '''Hisham:''' (Admit it, you would have frozen up just like everyone else if you were there...)
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' This should be the place. Let's find a spot to hide and bide our time.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It's gonna come down to a fight one way or another, so let's all be careful.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo dhylq001 3 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No need to worry! {{MC|m=He|f=She}} knows {{MC|m=his|f=her}} way around a fight.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha, I'm not worried about that! What I meant is that we probably shouldn't go too hard on the enemy. After all, we still need to get information out of them.
:;(Time passes)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah, here they come! You ready?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Let's not give them a chance to react and end this quickly.

;(Defeat the Eremites)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 sattar 01.ogg}} '''Sattar:''' A&mdash;Argh!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 sattar 02.ogg}} '''Sattar:''' Y&mdash;You're... the Flame-Mane!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Good, that saves me an introduction. Alright, time for a little talk. Are you buddies with Dakan Al-Ahmar now? Tell me, what're they after?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 sattar 03.ogg}} '''Sattar:''' Hmph... You know the code of being a mercenary just like everyone else. The first rule is to never divulge key information about our employer. What makes you think I'd talk?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Heh, that might have worked on an amateur, but I know you're just looking to protect your reputation.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Think about it, though. What's your reputation worth if you won't have the other tools you need to succeed in this line of work? Tools like, I dunno... your limbs, or eyes?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You've got five seconds. You might want to think twice about how much your employer's information is worth to you.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Whoa!
:{{DIcon}} It's alright, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} She knows what she's doing.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm not joking around. We can do this the easy way, or the painful way.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Two seconds...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 sattar 04.ogg}} '''Sattar:''' I'll save you the trouble... Hmph!
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh!? Are you crazy!?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He tried to bite off his own tongue! Quick, search the area for any first aid supplies!
:{{Black Screen|With Dehya's emergency treatment, the bleeding in Sattar's mouth is brought under control...}}
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ugh, I definitely didn't expect him to go that far. Thankfully, the wound wasn't too deep, and he just passed out from the pain.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would he be so extreme...?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I just wanted to test his mettle. You can get a lot of mercenaries to talk just by threatening them.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I didn't expect him to be willing to go through so much pain just to deny us some intel.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, he's out cold for now... We could wait for him to wake up, but maybe it's not a good idea to interrogate him any further... What should we do?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, don't worry about it. It'll be a waste of time to interrogate him again after that. He might just hurt himself again if we start asking.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' There are lots of goods around here. Let's search the area, maybe we'll be able to find something.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 3 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...I'm really sorry.

;(Interact with Sattar, optional)<!--no ASTK-->
:'''Observe:''' (Sattar is not gravely injured, and will probably wake up soon. It should be okay to leave him here for a little while.)

;(Investigate the box, optional)
:'''Observe:''' (There are some weapons in the boxes, as well as a bunch of medicine and bandages. It seems like Dakan Al-Ahmar is really up to no good.)

;(Investigate the wagon, optional)
:'''Observe:''' (There are a lot of daily necessities like food and water in the boxes. It doesn't seem like there's anything noteworthy.)

;(Investigate the backpack)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We found a piece of paper with a bunch of names on it! Maybe it's a record of something?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Lemme take a look. If this really is a merchant caravan, they should have a record of their transactions.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm... Yep, I see an entry for Dakan Al-Ahmar right here. Kusayla, [[Idrisi]], [[Bashar]], and [[Tikriti]]...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' All familiar names. Dakan Al-Ahmar has been trading for a hefty supply of food, weapons, and medicine. It seems that in the past, they used to receive some [[Canned Knowledge]] as well.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' This caravan is just one link in their logistics chain. Once in the rainforest, the caravan will exchange the looted goods for Mora, and the funds will then be passed to a specific person.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That person will then pack the caravan full of necessary goods, which will then be brought right back to Dakan Al-Ahmar...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...Wait. Why is there no Mora value recorded for the final transaction?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? No value?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah. Every transaction before the last one was marked with an exact amount of Mora. But the final one, where they paid for everything to be brought back to the desert... was simply marked as "delivered."
:{{DIcon}} Maybe the Mora amounts just happened to cancel each other out?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm, perhaps, but they couldn't have known how much they would make off selling the loot. Do they not care about profit margins at all?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Anyway, the next part's the records of the goods themselves. There are a lot of entries... everything was probably sourced from the rainforest.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' [[Shahzaman|Shahzaman Homayani]]...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Homayani!? You mean Dunyarzad's family?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, c&mdash;could it just be another family with the same last name?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'd be surprised to find someone with the exact same first and last name. Shahzaman Homayani is Dunyarzad's father, and the head of the Homayani family.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Just what the heck is going on here...
:{{DIcon}} Calm down, Dehya.
:{{DIcon}} Let's analyze the situation first.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm sorry... You're right. I'll consider what we've found, and not jump to conclusions just yet.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But what this piece of paper confirms is that the Homayani family has been providing goods to Dakan Al-Ahmar.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What if the Homayanis have been kept in the dark, and don't know they've been trading with Dakan Al-Ahmar?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's a possibility, but if that was the case, why has this caravan specifically named Shahzaman as their person of contact?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' They could have just as easily bought goods such as food and medicine directly from Caravan Ribat or [[Port Ormos]].
:{{DIcon}} If Shahzaman was actually aware of this...
:{{DIcon}} Then perhaps he's been supplying the brigade's operations this entire time.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah... Funding violence and looting. The brigade gets the goods, and he is paid the proceeds from the sale of the loot.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But why would he do something like this? It's not like the Homayanis are in need of money...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I honestly have no idea...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 20.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I've been to their estate many times, and I've never noticed anything suspicious.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 21.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The only potentially large expenditure I can think of would be the treatment costs for Dunyarzad's [[Eleazar]]. Maybe they borrowed a lot of Mora in the past?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 22.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But that's still just a speculation. I don't think the master would stoop so low to make Mora.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think Dunyarzad knows anything about this, either.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 23.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You're probably right. I know my lady's personality, and she wouldn't deliberately keep something like this from us.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what should we do now? All we've found is just another mystery...
:{{DIcon}} If we want to get to the bottom of this, we won't be able to turn back.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 24.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 25.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If you ask me, we already have no choice but to confront her about this.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 26.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm not worried, it's too early to make a verdict yet. I still have faith in the Homayanis.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 27.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Let's go find my lady again. We'll tell her everything, and see if she's willing to lend us her support.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 28.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If we're lucky, we can not only figure out the mystery of this paper, but also follow the trail of breadcrumbs to the people responsible at Dakan Al-Ahmar.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Dehya, are you sure this is the best decision? What if instead of getting the help we need, we just end up revealing everything we've discovered to the enemy?
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 29.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I've considered that possibility, but even still, I want to tell her what we've found. I think I owe her that much... True friendship is built on trust.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 30.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' She showed genuine concern for me when we first brought up the topic. I can't repay her kindness with doubt and suspicion.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 31.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's not how I deal with people.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right. Paimon wants to trust Dunyarzad. too!
:{{DIcon}} I hope we'll be of help to her.
:{{A|vo dhylq001 4 dehya 32.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah. Let's pay another visit to Sumeru City.
:;(Obtain [[Caravan Accounts]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shade Upon Red Silk
|zhs     = 黑染红绸
|zhs_rm  = Hēirǎn Hóngchóu
|zht     = 黑染紅綢
|zht_rm  = Hēirǎn Hóngchóu
|zh_tl   = Red Silk Dyed Black
|ja      = 黒く染まった赤い絹
|ja_rm   = Kuroku Somatta Akai Kinu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Blackened Red Silk
|ko      = 검게 물든 붉은 비단
|ko_tl   = Red Silk Dyed Black
|es      = Sombras que se ciernen sobre un sedoso escarlata
|es_tl   = Shadows That Loom Over a Silky Scarlet
|fr      = Ombre sur soie rouge
|fr_tl   = Shade Upon Red Silk
|ru      = Тень на красном шёлке
|ru_tl   = Shade on Red Silk
|th      = ผ้าแพรแดงย้อมสีนิล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Băng Đỏ Nhuộm Đen
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geschwärzte rote Seide
|de_tl   = Blackened Red Silk
|id      = Bayangan di Sutra Merah
|id_tl   = Shadows on the Red Silk
|pt      = Sombra Sobre Seda Rubra
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kırmızı İpekteki Gölge
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ombra sulla seta rossa
|it_tl   = Shade on the Red Silk
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[es:Sombras que se ciernen sobre un sedoso escarlata]]
[[pt-br:Sombra Sobre Seda Rubra]]