{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10120
|image         = NPC Location Schubert Context.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Aphros Delos Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea
|character     = Eula
|description   = [[Jean|Master Jean]] has a special task for you. Head to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]] to find out more.<br /><br />
You try to connect with a member of the [[Lawrence Clan]], but to your surprise, you are turned away. You then run into [[Amber]]. She recommends that you get in touch with a fellow Knight of Favonius, [[Eula|Eula Lawrence]], who is currently out in the wild on an assignment.
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Speech and Etiquette
|exp           = 375
|mora          = 22,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Amber; Eula; Jean; Michelle; Paimon; Schubert; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Shadow of the Past''' is the first part of [[Eula]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Aphros Delos Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Jean|Master Jean]]
#Look for the former aristocrat in the city
#Talk to the person by the city wall
#Return to the Knights Headquarters and discuss the counterplan
#Talk to Amber
#Go to [[Stormbearer Mountains]] and find Eula
#Defeat the Fatui nearby
#Witness the young woman defeat the final Fatuus
#Talk to Eula

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter Jean's office)
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...Thank you for coming on such a short notice, Honorary Knight. I know you must be busy.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Well, to make a long story short, there is a particular matter at hand that the Knights requires your assistance with.
:{{DIcon}} The Knights are as busy as ever.
::{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 03a.ogg}} '''Jean:''' *sigh* Yes, it has been one thing after another recently. Neither myself nor any of the Mondstadt garrison are able to catch a moment of peace.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like typical Master Jean to me.
::{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 03b.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I have been meaning to have a word with you if the occasion presented itself, but as you know, Mondstadt's safety must always be my first priority.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I have recently received multiple reports from the Knights of someone within the [[Lawrence Clan]] having close dealings with the Fatui.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Fatui! Again!?
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But who are the Lawrence Clan?
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' There was a dark period in Mondstadt's history when the aristocracy ruled over the city. The hard-won freedom that followed with the fall of [[Decarabian]] was lost once again, as slavery spread throughout the land.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The first Dandelion Knight, [[Vennessa]], spearheaded the revolution that overthrew the old aristocratic system and established the Knights of Favonius, leading Mondstadt to become the city that you see today.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The aristocrats, that had oppressed the people of Mondstadt, were none other than the Lawrence Clan.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it. So the clan's descendants are now scheming with the bad guys to carry out more dubious deeds?
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...We suspect as much, though we have yet to obtain any solid evidence. The reason I summoned you here today is to ask you to help us further investigate this matter.
:{{DIcon}} But, why us?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a job for the Knights of Favonius to me.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' *sigh* Unfortunately, the Knights of Favonius and the aristocracy have been at odds with one another for as long as I can remember.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 10.ogg}} '''Jean:''' We have already considered every possible way of resolving our differences, but it seems the descendants of the aristocracy remain antagonistic towards the Knights...
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 11.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...No matter what stance we take when dealing with them, the outcome is always the same... Our efforts only result in adding more fuel to the flames.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 12.ogg}} '''Jean:''' We could come knocking on their door on the grounds of a search warrant, but if the investigation were to come up empty, I'm afraid tensions and distrust would only increase.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 13.ogg}} '''Jean:''' All of our past efforts would have been wasted...
:{{DIcon}} But as the Honorary Knight, I technically also belong to the Knights...
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 14.ogg}} '''Jean:''' You are in fact the best candidate to represent the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 15.ogg}} '''Jean:''' But you need not emphasize your role as the Honorary Knight. You are a traveler from a distant land, and you can approach the aristocrats in this way.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 16.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Once you come to friendly terms with the Lawrence Clan, you should be in a good position to learn more of their possible connections with the Fatui.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, leave it to Master Jean to come up with such a thorough plan.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 17.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Aha, perhaps such plans have become second nature after all the diplomatic issues I've dealt with.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 18.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The name of the Lawrence Clan member in question is [[Schubert]]. Lately, he can often be found strolling in the northern city walls.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 19.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It is said that he is difficult to get along with due to his temperamental disposition, but if we approach him calmly, then things should go off without a hitch.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} I hope things will go smoothly.
:{{A|vo ellq001 1 qin 20.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Thanks again for your help. If you run into any snags along the way, I'll do anything in my power to support you.

;(Talk to Jean again)
:{{A|vo dialog ellq001 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Schubert can be quite touchy, so it may not be easy to get along with him at first.
:{{A|vo dialog ellq001 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' But as long as matters remain calm, then you should be able to come to friendly terms with him.
----
;(Talk to Michelle)
:{{A|vo dialog ellq001 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, have you seen an aristocrat by the name of Schubert anywhere nearby?
:{{A|vo dialog ellq001 michelle 01.ogg}} '''Michelle:''' Hmm, the name doesn't ring a bell, but there has been an odd fellow strolling around here recently.
:{{A|vo dialog ellq001 michelle 02.ogg}} '''Michelle:''' He's always looking around, and sometimes he seems to stop to draw or note something down. To be honest, I've got no idea what he's up to.
:{{A|vo dialog ellq001 michelle 03.ogg}} '''Michelle:''' If that sounds like the person you're looking for, just head towards the city wall and you'll most likely run into him.

;(Talk to ???)
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Huh? Who are you?
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, we're here to...
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmph... "Hello"?
:{{DIcon}} Uh, hello...
::{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 03a.ogg}} '''???:''' Did I hear you correctly? "Hello"?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, what's wrong?
::{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 03b.ogg}} '''???:''' "What's wrong"? Did you just say "what's wrong"?
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmph! And I suppose you think that you can simply strut up here and greet me in such an ignoble and vulgar manner?
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 05.ogg}} '''[[Schubert]]:''' Given that I don't recognize you, I can only assume that you are a traveler of some variety. I'll have you know that you are speaking with the Schubert Lawrence, a blood descendant of the magnanimous nobility.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 06.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' If you wish to address me, you'd best consider your words more carefully. Such nonchalant manners are inadmissible and will never do.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 07.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' Now, if you're somehow capable of understanding anything I've said, then you will get down on your knees, apologize for your negligent actions, and give me a proper introduction. That is the appropriate etiquette!
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's etiquette? Paimon's never heard of something so complicated before!
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 08.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' Hmph, in former times when people knew their place and respected traditions, such conduct was only basic courtesy when greeting a nobleman.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 09.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' And neglecting your manners would result in a swift whipping.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 10.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' *sigh* But look at the world now, rules have been thrown to the wayside and manners forgotten. Ugh, I cannot bear to see such degradation.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like too much hassle to me...
:{{DIcon}} It's no wonder the aristocracy fell.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 11.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' What did you say? You dare question the dignity of the nobility?
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 12.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' I'll have you know that though the Lawrence Clan is in decline, myself and others of noble blood are looking for a chance to restore our rightful honor.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 13.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' Just look around, the people are unruly and undisciplined! I, however, strive to retain the elegance and etiquette of the nobility. After all, we are of a completely different breed by birth.
:{{DIcon}} I haven't even said anything yet...
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 14.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' Save your words, I find your manners and bearing repulsive. I have nothing to discuss with the likes of you.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 15.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' Besides, I am in no way obligated to instruct commoners on basic courtesies.
:{{A|vo ellq001 2 schubert 16.ogg}} '''Schubert:''' Now, I have more pressing matters to attend to. I'll take my leave.

;(After talking to Schubert)
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is what Master Jean meant by "difficult to get along with"?
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Let's head back and talk things over with her.
----
;(Approach the Knights Headquarters)
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Well, if it isn't the Honorary Knight! I'm just on my way out to gather some intel. I didn't expect to run into you here!
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Huh? Judging by your expression, you must have run into some trouble.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Master Jean tasked us with a special assignment, but things seem to have run aground for the moment.
:{{DIcon}} It's a long story...
:{{DIcon}} It wasn't our fault.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' No need to get down on yourself, sometimes things just don't turn out as planned. Even I can't guarantee useful intel every time I'm dispatched.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You just have to keep at it and never give up!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} That's Amber for you.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hehe! Hey, why don't you let me try to help? What's the problem?
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Master Jean asked us to build a connection with someone named Schubert Lawrence.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it turns out that he's a peculiar character that doesn't listen to anyone... Especially Paimon.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Aha, Schubert, I know him! Let me guess, he said you didn't have any manners.
:{{DIcon}} So you heard...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you're no stranger to his rants...
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hehehe, I've been on the receiving end of his lectures many a time. The Lawrence clan can be very particular about such things.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... You mean everyone in the Lawrence Clan is just a big headache?
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' As aristocrats, they believe there should be a certain distance between themselves and common folk. *sigh* I understand their thinking, but that's just not how things are anymore.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' However, there is one exception among the Lawrence Clan. My good buddy &mdash; Eula!
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' B&mdash;Buddy?
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That's right! Not only is she from the Lawrence Clan, but she's also Captain of the Knights of Favonius 4th Company.
:{{DIcon}} Jean told us that the Lawrence Clan sees the Knights as enemies.
:{{DIcon}} How could a member of the Lawrence Clan join the Knights?
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Eula is special! She's not quite like the other members of her clan. She has her own beliefs and it shows.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 12.ogg}} '''Amber:''' In other words, she doesn't really adhere to the strict rules and conventions of her family.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 13.ogg}} '''Amber:''' However, she's still quite knowledgeable about dealing with the Lawrences. I'm sure you'll see what I mean if you meet her.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, that's strange. If Eula is a member of the Lawrence Clan, then why would Master Jean choose us for the task? Couldn't she just ask Eula?
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 14.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ah, well... It's a little complicated. Basically, the Lawrence clan has frowned upon the fact that Eula joined the Knights, her family members don't particularly care for her...
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 15.ogg}} '''Amber:''' In their eyes, Eula is nothing but a traitor to the family.
:{{DIcon}} She sounds like quite the character.
:{{DIcon}} I guess that's understandable from their point of view...
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 16.ogg}} '''Amber:''' She's very easy to get along with. Just explain the situation and I'm sure she'll help you come up with a way to get along with Schubert.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 17.ogg}} '''Amber:''' In fact, I think she's out in the wilderness on patrol this morning. You should be able to find her around Stormbearer Mountains.
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, Amber! Alright, you heard her, let's go find Eula!
:{{A|vo ellq001 3 ambor 18.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Good luck, you two! I've got my own matters to investigate!

;(After talking to Amber)
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who would've guessed the Knights have a member of the Lawrence Clan...
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if you want to learn about the conduct of the Lawrence clan, who better to ask than one of their own family members?
----
;(Approach the Fatui in the Stormbearer Mountains)
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, the Fatui? What are they doing here! Is that why Eula was sent on patrol here?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Let's fight first and talk later!

;(After defeating the Fatui, a cutscene starts)
:{{Color|action|While you are engaged in an intense battle, a claymore-wielding, young woman appears and swiftly deals with the Fatui who were about to make a surprise attack...}}

;(After the cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 01.ogg}} '''???:''' You don't think twice before reaching for your sword, do you? Ugh... do you have any idea how long I've been tracing these targets?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...And now you get to stake a claim. Hmph, you think you're stronger because you got to them first? Ugh... mark my words, vengeance will be mine!
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uh, what?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, vengeance?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 03.ogg}} '''???:''' That's right. I heard the commotion and came as swiftly as I could, only to find you two already fighting the Fatui. Not only that, you were making quick work of them, too!
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 04.ogg}} '''???:''' If I didn't make my move, you would have been able to take all the credit!
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Still, I'm glad you're unscathed. Confronting that number of Fatui at once can be dangerous.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I'm quite used to fighting the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} I know my way around a fight.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Sorry, Paimon doesn't understand what you mean... but thanks for your concern.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 06.ogg}} '''???:''' Concern? Why would I be concerned for the safety of my arch-enemies?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Arch-enemies"? Wait a minute! You were saying how glad you were that we were "unscathed" a second ago!
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 07.ogg}} '''???:''' By which I meant, if you were injured, I'd have to escort two strangers guilty of stealing my targets all the way back to Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 08.ogg}} '''???:''' Which would mean you'd caused me even more trouble... my vengeance would be swifter still!
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So that's how you see all this!
:{{DIcon}} So you must be Eula?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 09.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Yes, that's me.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks she's pretty strange... Although, at least we can communicate with her.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 10.ogg}} '''Eula:''' You dare to call someone you've just met "strange"? Forget the aristocracy, that's rude even by normal standards!
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 11.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Speaking of which... how do you know my name?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 10a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 10b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' This is the Honorary Knight of the Knights of Favonius. And speaking of rude, we're trying to investigate an aristocrat named Schubert Lawrence.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's so obsessed with etiquette that he's not even willing to speak with us.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 12.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Hahaha! I understand now. That's my uncle alright.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 13.ogg}} '''Eula:''' But why do you mean to investigate him?
:{{DIcon}} He may be secretly involved with the Fatui.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 14.ogg}} '''Eula:''' I see... Haha, you have some nerve defaming a family member right in front of me. I will have vengeance for this, too!
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, no! This is an assignment from Master Jean! It's just an investigation, that's all!
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you curious about your uncle?
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you worried about your uncle?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 15.ogg}} '''Eula:''' To the everyday citizens of Mondstadt, everyone in the Lawrence clan is scum. It's natural for rumors and unwarranted gossip to lead to such suspicion.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hard to avoid such a reputation when you're known as the ruthless rulers of Old Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 16.ogg}} '''Eula:''' So that's what you think of me? Yet another transgression to avenge...
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But didn't you say it first!? Argh...
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 17.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Hahaha, curious... We've only just met, and you've already given me three causes for vengeance. It's been a while since I've encountered anyone as interesting as you.
:{{DIcon}} Your definition of curious is... curious.
:{{DIcon}} Why do you seem so happy about it?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 18.ogg}} '''Eula:''' I assume you need me to teach you the conduct of the Lawrence clan. Only then will you finally be able to communicate with my uncle, correct?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right. Amber told us to come and talk to you.
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 19.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Well then, let's begin your training immediately. It'll be easier to train when we're back in Mondstadt, we'll require other people
:{{DIcon}} But aren't you plotting vengeance against us?
:{{DIcon}} You're not planning to take revenge at an opportune moment, are you?
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 eula 20.ogg}} '''Eula:''' We can put that aside for now. Besides, if it's the Acting Grand Master's assignment, and Amber's the one who recommended me, I should comply.

;(After talking to Eula)
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon's confused... This girl's all "vengeance this" and "revenge that," but she doesn't seem the least bit angry...
:{{A|vo ellq001 4 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon has met bigger weirdos before...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shadow of the Past
|zhs     = 旧日的阴云
|zhs_rm  = Jiù Rì de Yīn Yún
|zht     = 舊日的陰雲
|zht_rm  = Jiù Rì de Yīn Yún
|zh_tl   = Dark Clouds of the Old Days
|ja      = 昔日の暗雲
|ja_rm   = Sekijitsu no An'un
|ja_tl   = Dark Clouds of the Old Days
|ko      = 과거의 먹구름
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Sombras del pasado
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Ombre du passé
|fr_tl   = Shadow of the Past
|ru      = Дымка прошедших дней
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เมฆดำแห่งวันวาน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mây Đen Ngày Cũ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatten der Vergangenheit
|de_tl   = Shadow of the Past
|id      = Bayangan Masa Lalu
|id_tl   = Shadow of the Past
|pt      = Sombras do Passado
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

[[es:Sombras del pasado]]