{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11020
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Historia Antiqua Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = Sal Flore
|character     = Zhongli
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Star Approaches]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Pearl Galley]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|next          = Vortex's Wake
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 19,675
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Hanxue; Kliment; Paimon; Traveler; Wanyan; Yixuan; Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Shadow of Yore''' is the first part of [[Zhongli]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Historia Antiqua Chapter]]: Act I - [[Sal Flore]].

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Pearl Galley]]
# Meet [[Zhongli]] at the tableside
# Head to the stern and ask [[Wanyan]] about her problem

==Gameplay Notes==
* If you have not completed "[[The Ocean Pearl]]" before starting this quest, reaching the Pearl Galley will trigger "The Ocean Pearl" first, then approaching Zhongli's table triggers "Shadow of Yore." From there, the two quests can be played simultaneously.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Paimon recognize a familiar face as you come aboard the Pearl Galley...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Meet Zhongli at the tableside)
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh? I didn't think I would see you here.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 wanyan 01.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Are these two your friends?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes, we had the fortune of meeting (Traveler) not too long ago. They are quite a knowledgeable and talented pair, and a pleasure to be around.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' (Traveler), we were just discussing the history of Rex Lapis. Would you like to listen?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 01.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' This good sir seems to not appreciate the almighty power of the Lord of Geo. As a professional archaeologist, I am to correct some of his erroneous views.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, he is...
:{{DIcon}} No one knows better than him...
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 02.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' We are discussing the whereabouts of the first Mora.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The "first Mora"?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 yixuan 01.ogg}} '''Yixuan:''' As everyone knows, the Lord of Geo taught the ancient people of Liyue the craft of smelting, creating goods that allowed them to develop trade with the early nations of that time.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 yixuan 02.ogg}} '''Yixuan:''' Today Liyue holds the sole right to cast Mora in the entire continent of Teyvat. The world's very first Mora should have been cast by the hands of the Lord of Geo himself thousands of years ago.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 wanyan 02.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' According to my research &mdash; as well as my own hypothesis &mdash; I believe that this coin of unique historical significance has been passed down secretly through the years as a kind of token.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 wanyan 03.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' For example, perhaps the Qixing who control Liyue use it in some kind of unknown ceremony they hold when they come to power...
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 03.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' No, no, no... My research indicates that the first Mora coin is not such a simple thing.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 04.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' Mora is a catalyst &mdash; this we all know. Even today, Mora is used in the mystic arts for its curious properties of weapon enhancement.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 05.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' The world's first Mora would no doubt possess the strongest power. My next historical treatise will boldly expound on the newest findings from my intense, decade-long research!
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 06.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' That is, that the Lord of Geo used this original Mora as a catalyst to enhance a dagger and a sword.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "A dagger and a sword"?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 07.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' Well, buy the book when it comes out to read the full story. For now, I will only reveal this: the one who finds the dagger shall become supreme in Liyue, and the one who finds the sword may be crowned Liyue's sovereign&mdash;
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I... can't say I agree.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 08.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' Hmm?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Let us not speak of the authenticity of the dagger and sword first... But Mora and money came about simply because they are a convenient measure of a contract's value.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Rex Lapis just meant for Mora to serve as a "catalyst" for people to exchange and trade.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The world's first Mora is probably just an ordinary coin created by Rex Lapis. As for its fate? The same as all Mora, I suspect &mdash; it was simply spent somewhere.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 yixuan 03.ogg}} '''Yixuan:''' Hmm... I think that Mr. Hanxue's hypothesis seems reasonable. Mr. Zhongli's argument, on the other hand, lacks any evidence. How can you so easily dismiss the Lord of Geo's profound foresight?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' No &mdash; no, I am not debating right or wrong. I am simply stating a fact.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 09.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' Enough! Do you think you understand the Lord of Geo more than me?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, he is...
:{{DIcon}} No one knows better than him...
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I know but little about history and I wouldn't dare to brag. But discussion is meaningless if everyone has the same opinions, no?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 yixuan 04.ogg}} '''Yixuan:''' Well then, answer me this: Long ago, when Liyue Harbor was being constructed, the Lord of Geo taught the people how to build houses. The model home he used to teach them was completely cast from Mora, correct?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That is correct, indeed.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 10.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' Okay then, tell me: Why would the Lord of Geo do something so extravagant if not because of the mystical power that Mora contains?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' There's a simple explanation, really. To the God of Wealth and Commerce, what material is easier to get than Mora?
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 hanxue 11.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' Oh... Huh...
:{{DIcon}} It's like you're telling someone else's tale.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hehe, I mean... I am talking about Rex Lapis.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 wanyan 04.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' ...
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 wanyan 05.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Excuse me, sir! Uh... I have some questions about archaeology. Can we find somewhere quiet to chat? I mean, if  it's okay with you.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, it's no problem at all. But may my friend accompany us? Perhaps they could be of some help.
:{{DIcon}} Who, me?
:{{DIcon}} I'm just here for a good story.
:{{A|vo zllq001 2 wanyan 06.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Of course, They can come if that's what pleases you, sir. Let's go.

;(Talk to Hanxue or Yixuan)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq001 hanxue 01.ogg}} '''Hanxue:''' The Lord of Geo sure is something. Barely been gone and already his name is being slandered.
:{{A|vo dialog zllq001 yixuan 01.ogg}} '''Yixuan:''' Although we are in the age of humankind, surely we must still show a measure of respect for the gods of the past...

----

;(Head to the stern and ask Wanyan about her problem)
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 01.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' What I'm about to say is a bit disrespectful of the Lord of Geo and would draw a lot of angry looks... so it's best to discuss this somewhere quiet.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 02.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Your argument just now exhibited acuteness of speech and thought. Most importantly, you don't fall for the boasting and acting of the others. You remain objective.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 03.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' So I have a question for you, perhaps you will answer differently from other scholars... Do you think that all the gods that the Geo Archon killed were evil?
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...Let's not analyze it in terms of good versus evil. Rex Lapis placed great importance on the integrity of contracts, so any gods he killed certainly must have broken some kind of contract.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, the Lord of Geo wouldn't kill the innocent.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 04.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' But when I was doing some research, I learned about the legend of the God of Salt.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 05.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' The God of Salt, [[Havria]], was a very kind god, but she encountered Morax one day in battle...
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 06.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Morax used a rather underhanded trick to... assassinate her.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? No way!
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This... this bit of history is a long story. But you may not like the truth when you hear it.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 07.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Don't worry, please tell me what you know! This event... I have already searched for answers for a long time.
:{{DIcon}} You look a bit embarrassed, Zhongli.
::{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 03a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' No, It's just... Where should I begin?
:{{DIcon}} Is the story that complicated?
::{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 03b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Quite so. I don't know where to begin.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 01.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Hey, over here! Mr. Zhongli, I've been looking for you! So you were over here all this time.
:{{DIcon}} The Fatui?
:{{DIcon}} What do you want!? Spit it out!
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Put down your weapon and stay back! Otherwise... Paimon's reporting you to the Millelith!
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 02.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' First of all, I'm not holding a weapon!
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 03.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Ugh... There's no need to overreact, now. I'm simply an archaeological research from Snezhnaya, I'm not here for trouble.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Fatui say that every time.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 04.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' But this time, I registered with the Liyue Ministry of Civil Affairs. I could show you official documentation if you want to see it.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 05.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' I will be conducting an archaeological survey here, the results of which will all be shared with the Ministry.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 06.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' I heard that Wangsheng Funeral Parlor had a consultant named Zhongli with immense knowledge of ancient history and archaeology. So I paid Wangsheng Funeral Parlor a handsome amount to hire Zhongli as my own consultant while I'm in town.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So you mean to say that this is work for the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, yes?
:{{DIcon}} What should we do?
:{{DIcon}} I think it's best to be cautious.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well since it's work, I don't have a choice. A consultant of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor must respect their duty.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 07.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Of course, you would be such a reasonable man! Well then, let's head out now, shall we?
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 wanyan 08.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Wait, if you are studying archaeology, can I go too? I am also a scholar in this field so I can help.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That will give us a chance to continue the topic we were just discussing. Oh, and you should tag along too, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} Why?
:{{DIcon}} I don't really know anything about archaeology.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This experience may be of help to you on your future adventures.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It is a story from before the rise of The Seven... Although the God of Salt has already perished, it will still be a meaningful experience for your journey.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 08.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' This is&mdash; Wait, this is an archaeological expedition, not a tour group! That's too many people.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But this friend of mine has a treasure-finding talent surpassed by no one. It will surely be of great help to us.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 09.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Oh? What talent?
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If my friend espies a treasure chest, they will absolutely find a way to open it.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon's good at that, too!
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 10.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Well... That is quite enticing. Alright then.
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 11.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Well, let's go. There's no time to waste. When the [[Osial|Overlord of the Vortex]] was crushed by the Jade Chamber recently, perhaps something of interest was washed ashore...
:{{A|vo zllq001 3 kliment 12.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' An ancient artifact would be good, traces of ancient activity would be great, but a piece of the god's limb would be even better... Who knows what surprises we many find...?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shadow of Yore
|zhs     = 旧日之影
|zhs_rm  = Jiù Rì zhī Yǐng
|zht     = 舊日之影
|zht_rm  = Jiù Rì zhī Yǐng
|zh_tl   = Shadow of Yore
|ja      = 旧日の影
|ja_rm   = Kyuujitsu no Kage
|ja_tl   = Shadow of Yore
|ko      = 지난날의 그림자
|ko_rm   = Jinannal-ui Geurimja
|ko_tl   = Shadow of the Past
|es      = Una sombra de antaño
|es_tl   = A Shadow of Yesteryear
|fr      = Une ombre du passé
|fr_tl   = A Shadow of the Past
|ru      = Тень прошлого
|ru_tl   = Shadow of the Past
|th      = เงาแห่งอดีตกาล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hình Bóng Xưa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatten von einst
|de_tl   = Shadows of Yore
|id      = Bayang-Bayang Masa Lampau
|id_tl   = Shadows of the Past
|pt      = Sombra Antiga
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Eski Gölge
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ombra del tempo che fu
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Una sombra de antaño]]