{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Shadows in Motion
|image             = Shadows in Motion.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-08-09 11:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-15 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/112566
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230809-photo/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Within the microcosm of the toybox lurks mysterious surprises awaiting your discovery~<br>Come and take some photos together!}}
'''Shadows in Motion''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Duration==
August 9, 2023 – August 15, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Eligibility==
Travelers who have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above can participate in this event.

==Event Description==
During the event, you can log in to Genshin Impact daily, complete Daily Commissions, consume Original Resin, and complete other missions to obtain Stamina.

Stamina can be used to unlock different minimized landscapes, which can be accessed to let you take pictures of varied Sights.

Accumulate photos of Sights to obtain Primogems and other rewards.

==Gain Stamina==
Travelers can obtain Stamina through the following methods:
# Complete the following actions in Genshin Impact every day including: log into Genshin Impact every day and consume 40 Original Resin daily.
# Complete the following actions on the website such as: logging into the web event daily, etc.
# Daily missions refresh daily at 04:00 server time.
* Stamina needs to be collected manually in the event page. Stamina that have not been collected will also be reset when daily missions are refreshed the next day. So, remember to collect them!
* If Travelers try to visit the event around 04:00 daily (Server Time), which is when the daily missions refresh, there might be a brief network error. Please refresh your page if you encounter such a situation.
{|class="article-table"
!Mission
!Stamina
|-
|Log in to Genshin Impact daily
|30
|-
|Complete 2 Daily Commissions daily
|10
|-
|Use 40 Original Resin daily (0/40)
|10
|-
|Log in to the web page daily (0/1)
|40
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact Twitter account
|10
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact YouTube channel
|10
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact TikTok account
|10
|}

==Take Photos of Sights==
# After minimizing the landscape, Travelers can seek out Sights in the shrunken scenery and take their photos. The leftmost notice bar in the gameplay interface will show you which Sights need to be photographed while the rightmost controls can allow you to adjust how zoomed in or out you want the landscape to be.
# After finding a Sight, you must take a photo of it as soon as you can. Travelers can manipulate the focusing controls to find the most appropriate distance for a photo. Certain Sights can only appear at the appropriate distances! Accumulate photos of Sights to obtain Primogems and other rewards.
# Sights can be photographed multiple times but the album will only store the latest photo~
*If you exit photo-taking in the middle of the process, you can click the Sight or the leftmost notice bar to enter the photography page.

==Event Rewards==
===Sight Photography Rewards===
After accumulating 1, 3, 6, 9, 12, and 15 photos of Sights, Travelers can collect the corresponding rewards. The rewards include: [[Primogem]]s ×120, [[Mystic Enhancement Ore]] ×8, [[Hero's Wit]] ×9, [[Mora]] ×60,000, and [[Sanctifying Unction]] ×3.
* The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
* This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.
{|class="article-table"
!Mission
!Rewards
|-
|Take 1 photo(s) of the Sights
|{{Card|Primogem|10}}{{Card|Mora|10,000}}
|-
|Take 3 photo(s) of the Sights
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Sanctifying Unction|3}}
|-
|Take 6 photo(s) of the Sights
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|-
|Take 9 photo(s) of the Sights
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}
|-
|Take 12 photo(s) of the Sights
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{Card|Mora|50,000}}
|-
|Take 15 photo(s) of the Sights
|{{Card|Primogem|30}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}
|}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shadows in Motion
|zhs     = 移光拾影
|zhs_rm  = Yíguāng Shíyǐng
|zht     = 移光拾影
|zht_rm  = Yíguāng Shíyǐng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 移ろう光、影を写して
|ja_rm   = Utsurou Hikari, Kage wo Utsushite
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 순간 포착
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Sombras en destello
|es_tl   = Glinting Shadows
|fr      = Ombres en mouvement
|fr_tl   = Shadows in Motion
|ru      = Движущиеся тени
|ru_tl   = Moving Shadows
|th      = ภาพเงากลางแสงวูบไหว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lưu Giữ Khoảnh Khắc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das wandernde Licht fängt den Schatten auf
|de_tl   = The Wandering Light Catches the Shadow
|id      = Memori dalam Gambar
|id_tl   = Memories in a Picture
|pt      = Movendo a Luz em Busca de Imagens
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hareket Eden Gölgeler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Catturando l'attimo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[fr:Ombres en mouvement]]
[[pt-br:Movendo a Luz em Busca de Imagens]]
[[ru:Движущиеся тени]]