{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Shaft of Remembrance.png
|set   = Shimenawa's Reminiscence
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A demon-slaying arrow of a rather ancient make. It seems to have been preserved with great care by someone, even until the present day.}}
'''Shaft of Remembrance''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence]].

==Description==
A demon-slaying arrow used by the shrine for prayers and to drive away catastrophes,<br />It is said to be capable of pursuing and destroying all demons.

People often say that demon-slaying arrows can drive away evil, but evil is never an objective thing.<br />Evil often stems from within our hearts, born out of delirious minds that have turned cold and ashen from terror.<br />Lady Saiguu has been gone for a long time now, and I am no longer that young shrine maiden training at the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]].<br />Whenever I hold that empty smoking pipe, I can feel that emptiness and dull pain hover over me like a phantom.

Having someone worth missing, losing someone whom I cannot help missing... And time keeps moving like a spinning wheel.<br />Silent and tranquil, the Lady Kitsune's white form hidden in the deep darkness left a deep impression in the shrine maiden's dreams.<br />[[Reizenbou|The Great Tengu]] went into self-imposed exile, enraged at her own incompetence as the Lady Saiguu's protector, leaving [[Teruyo]] behind.<br />[[Kamuna Harunosuke|Harunosuke]] left for another country amid the fury of his mourning, while [[Mikoshi Nagamasa|Nagamasa]] joined the [[Shogunate]] to clear the [[Mikoshi Clan|Mikoshi name]].<br />As for the man who taught me archery in the sacred forest and patiently listened to my naïve promise under the scarlet sakura boughs,<br />He will eventually return to me, even if he were to be blinded by splattered blood, or turned into a fierce beast by that dark defilement...

I shall save him with our bow and arrows, to keep our promise, which ever veers towards breaking.<br />I shall destroy evil with our bow and arrows, exorcising folly and needless obsession.

"Come see me, you idiotic problem gambler."<br />"And don't lose your way this time, Konbumaru."

Still, who won the last throw of the dice...<br />She touched the bow lightly while pondering such unimportant things.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shaft of Remembrance
|zhs     = 思忆之矢
|zhs_rm  = Sīyì zhī Shǐ
|zht     = 思憶之矢
|zht_rm  = Sīyì zhī Shǐ
|zh_tl   = Arrow of Longing Memory
|ja      = 憶念の矢
|ja_rm   = Okunen no Ya
|ja_tl   = Arrow of Remembrance
|ko      = 회상의 화살
|ko_rm   = Hoesang-ui Hwasal
|ko_tl   = Arrow of Remembrance
|es      = Flecha de la Nostalgia
|es_tl   = Arrow of Nostalgia
|fr      = Flèche de nostalgie
|fr_tl   = Arrow of Nostalgia
|ru      = Стрела воспоминаний
|ru_tl   = Arrow of Reminiscing
|th      = Shaft of Remembrance
|vi      = Mũi Tên Tưởng Nhớ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Pfeil des Andenkens
|de_tl   = Arrow of Remembrance
|id      = Shaft of Remembrance
|pt      = Flecha das Memórias Ponderativas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hatıra Mızrağı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Freccia della rimembranza
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}

[[fr:Flèche de nostalgie]]
[[ja:憶念の矢]]