{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Shalmar.png
|region           = Sumeru
|child            = Banu
|affiliation      = Spantamad
}}
'''Shalmar''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in ''[[Star-Seeker's Sojourn]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Shalmar is [[Banu|Banu's]] father, the writer of  50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know and a [[Spantamad]] researcher. He created the game of looking for [[Future Star|Future Stars]] to form fun memories for his daughter.  He used Parvo Cores and an Ayesha's Chaos Prospector, old items that the Akademiya intended to get rid of, as materials for a treasure hunting game. He personally buried the cores, renamed as them as Future Stars and had his daughter enjoy the  game.<ref name=":0">{{Ref/NPC|Banu}}</ref> As a reward, he gave his daughter a [[Starconch]] and called it the Great Future Star that will allow Banu to listen to the stars.

As an academic, he is very knowledgeable with the [[Ley Line|Ley Lines]] and mechanics, and capable of manipulating mechanisms in [[Sumeru]]. For example, he manipulated an old Ayesha's Chaos Prospector into [[Banu's Wisdom]]. However, as a father, he is incompetent leaving all of the housework and cooking to Banu.<ref name=":0" />

===Personality===
He is a laidback father that treats his daughter as a friend and colleague rather than as a daughter. He allows her to call him by his first name and deeply cherishes her. He is very anxious of the time when Banu will enter the Akademiya and as such he develops games, such as the [[Star-Seeker's Sojourn]], that will make his daughter enjoy life and have fun memories together. He also uses games to teach her life lessons like how to ask strangers for help using the "50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know" book.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* -->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Shalmar
|zhs     = 沙尔玛
|zhs_rm  = Shā'ěrmǎ
|zht     = 沙爾瑪
|zht_rm  = Shā'ěrmǎ
|ja      = シャルマ
|ja_rm   = Sharuma
|ko      = 살마
|ko_rm   = Salma
|es      = Shalma
|fr      = Shalma
|ru      = Шарма
|th      = Salma
|vi      = Salma
|de      = Salma
|id      = Salma
|pt      = Salma
|it      = Shalmar
|tr      = Shalmar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[uk:Бану]]
[[ru:Бану]]
[[pt-br:Salma]]