{{Event
|name              = Share Your Daily Adventures
|image             = Event Share Your Daily Adventures.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-05-31 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-06-09 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/5061707
|link2             = 
}}
'''Share Your Daily Adventures''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 2.7]].

Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />
Adventuring in Teyvat may never cease to bring you pleasant surprises every day, be it discovering a hidden chest, completing a novel collection, or meeting another like-minded traveler! It is all these daily bits that make up a wonderful traveling experience~<br />
So what are your daily adventures like? Would you like to share them?<br />
During the event, share your daily adventures and you will have a chance to win exquisite merchandise. If you share for 3 consecutive days and more, you are guaranteed to receive an exclusive avatar frame~

==Event Duration==
May 31, 2022 – June 9, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on June 16.

==How to Participate==
# Use the topic [https://www.hoyolab.com/topicDetail/37196 #Daily Adventures] to post and share your adventure of the day. There are no limits as to the format of the post: text, images, videos... Everything is possible!
# The title of your post must include the date of publication, "Daily Adventure - May 31," for example.
# Once the post meets the two criteria mentioned above, your participation of the day will be considered successful.

==Event Rewards==
During the event, participate for 3 consecutive days to obtain an exclusive avatar frame (valid for 30 days). Travelers who post and share for 7 consecutive days are guaranteed to receive the permanent avatar frame~

In addition, 60 Travelers, randomly selected from all those who participate for 3 consecutive days and more, will be gifted with exquisite merchandise (choose one of the following three):
* Rex Lapis Chibi Plush Round Pillow
* Genshin Impact Character Stand Set (Yanfei, Rosaria, Sangonomiya Kokomi, and Qiqi)
* Monoceros Caeli Series Big Plush Cushion

==Notes==
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
#* The content of the post or the comments violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
#* Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can only obtain one avatar frame and win merchandise once during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
[[pt-br:Compartilhe seu cotidiano de aventura]]
[[th:แชร์การผจญภัยรายวัน]]