{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Sharpening the Axe Won't Hinder the Work.png
|id            = 20503
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|requirement   = Complete ''[[Knights of Favonius (Quest)|Knights of Favonius]]''
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|rewards       = Iron Chunk*3
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Wagner
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Sharpening the Axe Won't Hinder the Work''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Wagner]] the blacksmith
# Collect three [[Iron Chunk]]s and give them to Wagner
#* He will mark the nearest Iron Chunks [[Mining Outcrop]] on the [[map]].
# Talk to Wagner the blacksmith

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Paimon]] believes in order to meet the adventures that are to come, it would be best to first make some preparations.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon unlocking the quest)
:{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From now on, our adventures are going to get more and more dangerous, so let's prepare first.
:{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We could start by going to Mondstadt's blacksmith.
----
;(Passing by the blacksmith's workshop)
:{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's the blacksmith!

;(Talk to Wagner)
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 01.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' What?
:{{DIcon}} I'm looking for a weapon.
::{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 02a.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' Over there. Take your pick. Or, if you need something else I can make it on request.
:{{DIcon}} I want to find a weapon for Paimon.
::{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is the first Paimon's heard about it! What, so you want Paimon on the front line now!?
::{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 02b.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' She's a tiny one isn't she. It'd need to be purpose-built.
:{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, he does bespoke weaponry...
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 03.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' Of course. I sell weapons, make them to order, and do refinements. All in the job description for a blacksmith.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 04.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' All you need is the ore.
:{{DIcon}} Where can I get ore from?
::{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 05a.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' Anywhere. Everywhere.
:{{DIcon}} Do you sell it here?
::{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 05b.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' No. Buy from someone else, I barely have enough for myself.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 06.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' You look confused. Listen, I'll tell you where the nearest deposits are.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 07.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' Bring some back and I'll help you forge what you need.
:{{DIcon}} Great. Thanks!
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 08.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' No need. I have other things to do.

;(After talking to Wagner)
:{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He seems like a short-tempered guy... Was it something we said?
----
;(Talking to Wagner after collecting the materials)
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 09.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' What do you want?
:{{DIcon}} I've got the Iron Chunks.
:{{DIcon}} Remember, you sent me to get Iron Chunks...
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 10.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' Oh. Yes. I'd forgotten about that.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 11.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' These are okay I guess. Should be able to salvage something from them.
:{{DIcon|Forging}} I'd like something made.

;(After forging)
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 12.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' If you ever find ore in the future, you can always come and see me.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 13.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' Ideally when I'm not busy.
:{{DIcon}} You seem to be in a bad mood.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 14.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' A blacksmith's work takes focus and concentration. It does not take small talk with costumers.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 15.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' When the craft is good, business is good. That's all there is to this trade, and anyone who tells you different is trying to con you.
:{{A|vo tips weapon wagner 16.ogg}} '''Wagner:''' If there's nothing else, I'll carry on with my work.
;(Quest completes)

:{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's certainly committed to his work, Paimon'll give him that.
:{{A|vo tips weapon paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His temper isn't great, but leave it to him and he'll be able to forge what you need!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sharpening the Axe Won't Hinder the Work
|zhs     = 磨刀不误砍柴工
|zhs_rm  = Mó Dāo Bù Wù Kǎn Chái Gōng
|zht     = 磨刀不誤砍柴工
|zht_rm  = Mó Dāo Bù Wù Kǎn Chái Gōng
|zh_tl   = Sharpening the Axe Won't Hinder the Work of Chopping the Wood
|ja      = 準備が大事
|ja_rm   = Junbi ga Daiji
|ja_tl   = Preparations are Important
|ko      = 유비무환
|ko_tl   = Forewarned is Forearmed
|es      = Una buena preparación es primordial
|es_tl   = A Good Preparation Is Essential
|fr      = Préparatifs
|fr_tl   = Preparations
|ru      = Хорошая подготовка - ключ к успеху
|ru_tl   = Good Preparations are the Key to Success
|th      = การลับขวานไม่ได้กระทบงาน
|th_rm   = Kan-lap Khwan Mai-dai Kra-thop Ngan
|th_tl   = Sharpening the Axe Doesn't Affect Work
|vi      = Đi Chơi Không Quên Nhiệm Vụ
|vi_tl   = Have Fun but Don't Forget the Work
|de      = Vorbereitung ist der halbe Weg
|de_tl   = Preparation Is Half of the Work
|id      = Mengasah Peralatan Tak Akan Menghambat Pekerjaan
|id_tl   = Sharpening the Tool Won't Hinder the Work
|pt      = Afiar o Machado não Atrapalhará o Trabalho
|pt_tl   = Sharpening the Axe Won't Disturb the Work
|tr      = Erken Kalkan Yol Alır
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Affilare l'ascia non ostacola il lavoro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Una buena preparación es primordial]]
[[fr:Préparatifs]]
[[ja:準備が大事]]
[[pt-br:Afiar o Machado não Atrapalhará o Trabalho]]