{{Event
|name              = Share Your Genshin Impact Version 3.6 Wishes to Win Merchandise and Cash Prizes!
|image             = Share Your Genshin Impact Version 3.6 Wishes to Win Merchandise and Cash Prizes!.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-31 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-04-11 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17384011
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>In the latest Special Program, we learned a lot about the new upcoming content and gameplay in Version 3.6.<br>Travelers, what are you most looking forward to in Version 3.6? What are some wishes you'd like to fulfill in the new version?<br>Obtaining high scores in "A Parade of Providence" with your wit and battle prowess, exploring the new area and enjoying the desert scenery, or playing through Baizhu's Story Quest to learn more about the owner of Bubu Pharmacy...<br>Come share your wishes and goals for Version 3.6! All Travelers who participate will have a chance to receive Wish Support Rewards that include merchandise, cash prizes, and more! Come take a look~}}
'''Share Your Genshin Impact Version 3.6 Wishes to Win Merchandise and Cash Prizes!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

==Event Duration==
March 31, 2023 – April 11, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on April 18, 2023.

==Event Details==
* Share your wishes for Version 3.6 together with the long image of events below on any external social media platform or Genshin Impact groups, and you will be considered a successful participant. All successful participants will receive a "Wish Support Blessings" Event-Exclusive Avatar Frame.
* Travelers can invite their friends to like their wishes. When a Traveler receives 5 or more likes on one post, they will get a chance to obtain extra "Wish Support Goods" merchandise or "Wish Support Funds" cash prize rewards. The specific amount of merchandise and cash rewards will depend on the number of likes all Travelers receive:
* Once you have published a post on an external social media platform or received 5 or more likes on your post, please click [here] to upload a screenshot of your post as a proof of participation.
* External platforms include but are not limited to: Twitter, Facebook, VK, YouTube, etc. "Likes" will be calculated according to each platform's rules.

==Notes==
# You can participate in this event more than once by making multiple posts on different platforms and receiving 5 or more likes on each post. Submitting multiple entries will increase your chances of obtaining a prize, but you can only obtain one prize from "Wish Support Goods" or "Wish Support Funds." You cannot receive both types of prizes at the same time.
# Each user can get a maximum of one avatar frame by participating in this event. Avatar frames will be sent out after the end of the event.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the winning post, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Cash prizes will be delivered through bank transfer by default after the winners list is announced. Please remember to check the system notification and fill in the bank account information according to the system reminder for reward delivery. If the winner does not have a bank account or the bank transfer is limited, the reward will be issued through PayPal. Please remember to check the system notification and fill in the required PayPal account information (go to Information Management > PayPal Account Management to fill in). If the winner does not complete the corresponding information within one month after the system notification is issued, they will be deemed to have forfeited the reward.
# The costs necessary for international transfers such as administrative costs, etc. are borne by the organizer. Winners are responsible for their own tax obligations in accordance with the personal income tax policies of their country or region. The actual amount is subject to change, please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[pt-br:Compartilhe seus Desejos para a Versão 3.6 de Genshin Impact]]