{{Event
|name              = Share Amazing Moments From "Fulminating Sandstorm" to Win Primogem Rewards!
|image             = Share Amazing Moments From Fulminating Sandstorm.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-21 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-01 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17857602
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>The "[[Fulminating Sandstorm]]" Event has begun! Use your intelligence and power to assist Akademiya researchers in defeating the Wenut dwelling in the desert~ Share your stories in the comments section of this post for a chance to win Primogems!}}
'''Share Amazing Moments From "Fulminating Sandstorm" to Win Primogem Rewards!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
April 21, 2023 — May 1, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
The list of winners will be announced in this post after May 8.

==How to Participate==
Experience the "Fulminating Sandstorm" event in-game and share your favorite moments in the comments section of this post. Once you've posted, you've participated and are eligible to win! Post your stories in any format you wish, including text, pictures, or videos. We'll pick 60 random Travelers from all eligible participants, and each will win Primogems ×100.

==Event Rewards==
Primogems ×100 (60 winners)

==Note==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
## Replying to a comment on the post
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the comment, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}