{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Sharif.png
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Researcher

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Inayah
|childNote        = daughter
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = {{w|ja:小島英樹|Kojima Hideki ({{ja|小島 英樹}})}}<ref name="Kojima Hideki">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/koji0326/status/1582985426624618496 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Sharif''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Nilou]]'s Story Quest [[Lotos Somno Chapter]]: Act I - [[To the Wise]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
Sharif is [[Inayah]]'s father and a member of the [[Sumeru Akademiya]] and had a shaky relationship with her. During Nilou's Story Quest, he enters the [[Grand Bazaar]] to issue a shutdown order on [[Zubayr Theater]] due to the theater's constant violation of Akademiya principles. The [[Traveler]], who had attended the celebratory feast on Nilou's invitation, advises and encourages her to debate against him to oppose the ruling.

With both the Traveler and the inhabitants of the Grand Bazaar supporting her, Nilou agrees to debate against him which he accepts, believing that they would not be able to have any sensible logic to use against him, taking [[Safwan]] with him as an adjudicator. During the debate, he finds that Nilou is much more prepared than anticipated and eventually gives up when Inayah stands up against him. As a result of the loss, it had caused the Akademiya to lose face and he subsequently convinced his superiors to temporarily suspend him from duty to mitigate the damage dealt. He later returned to the theater to see what made it special, where he had an awkward moment with his daughter before leaving, although it was the start of fixing their relationship.

===Personality===
A steadfast scholar of the Akademiya, Sharif initially upheld their rules and saw Zubayr Theater as a nuisance due to them not following the Akademiya's rules. Due to his obsession over research, he had a strained relationship with his daughter, having saw her as a means to continue his academic legacy. After she stood up to him, he realized that he had been too strict and began to repair his relationship with her.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Sharif
|zhs     = 舍利夫
|zhs_rm  = Shělìfū
|zht     = 舍利夫
|zht_rm  = Shělìfū
|ja      = シャリフ
|ja_rm   = Sharifu
|ko      = 샤리프
|ko_rm   = Syaripeu
|es      = Sharif
|fr      = Sharif
|ru      = Шариф
|th      = Sharif
|vi      = Sharif
|de      = Sharif
|id      = Sharif
|pt      = Sharif
|tr      = Sharif
|it      = Sharif
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}