{{Event
|name              = Share Your "Fabulous Fungus Frenzy" Experiences to Win Primogems
|image             = Share Your Fabulous Fungus Frenzy Experiences to Win Primogems.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-11-10 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-11-28 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/13636343
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />I heard that the Beast Tamers Tournament is in full swing in Sumeru City. Aren't you excited to take part?<br />Capturing Fungi, taking part in special training, leading them into battle... After experiencing these exciting processes, do you have any tips or experiences to share with me?<br />Participants will have the opportunity to win Primogem rewards prepared by yours truly!}}
'''Share Your "Fabulous Fungus Frenzy" Experiences to Win Primogems''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.2]].

==Event Duration==
November 10, 2022 – November 28, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on December 12.

==Event Details==
Phase 1: Prepare for Tournament<br />
Event Duration: November 10, 2022 – November 16, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate:==
# Publish a post under the topic #Fabulous Fungus Frenzy to share your Fungus catching tips in the form of images, text, videos, etc. Don't hesitate to tell us the names you have chosen for your Fungi and your reasons!
# Publish a post under the topic #Fabulous Fungus Frenzy to share your Fungus combat tips during the Special Training phase in the form of images, text, videos, etc. Feel free to tell us your best score!

Participation is considered successful as long as you fulfill one of the two conditions above.

==Event Rewards:==
I will randomly select 100 people among the Travelers who have participated successfully to gift them each Primogems ×300.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}