{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 44090
|type          = Commission
|image         = 
|startLocation = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Chuwen Fair]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|poi           = Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Chuwen Fair
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Completing both the main task and the hidden side task of any location grants the player the {{Achievement|Inspiration Walk}}
|characters    = Zicheng; Traveler
|npc           = Zicheng
}}
'''''Sharpshooter on Hand''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Zicheng]]
# ''(One of the following)''
#* Take a photo of [[Djembe Studios]] (06:00 &ndash; 08:00)
#* Take a photo of [[Stage Tepetl (Point of Interest)|Stage Tepetl]] (11:00 &ndash; 13:00)
#* Take a photo of [[Courier's Longhouse (Point of Interest)|Courier's Longhouse]] (17:00 &ndash; 18:00)
# Report back to Zicheng

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing '''both''' the main task and the hidden side task of any location grants the player the {{Achievement|Inspiration Walk}}.
** The commission can be completed by taking a photo of only the side task, but it will not grant the achievement.
* This commission has three different versions and each version has a side task. A notice stating "Camera has been adjusted to a suitable angle" will be displayed if the player's camera is correctly facing the side task's target.
'''List of side tasks depending on the main task:'''
* Courier's Longhouse &mdash; Take a photo of the [[Yumkasaurus]] mural located next to the teleport waypoint south of the Courier's Longhouse.
* Stage Tepetl &mdash; Take a photo of [[Muhuru's Gemporium]], including its gems.
* Djembe Studios &mdash; Take two more photos of popular stores with unique signs ([[Xochicuicatl Records]] and [[Atlahua's Net]]).

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet a poet from Liyue inside the Stadium of the Sacred Flame...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Zicheng)
:'''Zicheng:''' Hmm... To evoke poetry with painting, or to paint with poeticism...
:'''Zicheng:''' Hmm... No, no, aren't these two phrases referring to the same thing...?
:{{DIcon}} What are you talking about?
:{{DIcon}} Are you writing poetry?
:'''Zicheng:''' Ah, hello. That's right. I'm attempting to write a poem about Natlan's scenery.
:'''Zicheng:''' But... To be honest, the landscapes here are very different from those of [[Liyue]]. I'm not familiar with the local history, either, so I don't even know where to begin.
:'''Zicheng:''' Besides, I'm no professional poet, no rhymer of repute... Indeed, I've never even lived it up with a limerick...
:'''Zicheng:''' *sigh* But I can't simply go back empty-handed. My colleagues at the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] will tease me. "Were you seeking inspiration out there, or just respiration?"
:{{DIcon}} You work at the Ministry?
:'''Zicheng:''' That I do... sort of. I was hired some time back to do some land surveys.
:'''Zicheng:''' *sigh* In practice, I was taking people around Liyue to see if the water and soil have changed, or if the maps need to be updated, and such.
:'''Zicheng:''' One round of that left me exhausted, and with goodness knows how many pairs of worn-out shoes... So I decided to take a vacation. Needed a change of pace, you know?
:'''Zicheng:''' It's just that... I don't know what I was thinking, but when I applied for the time off, I gave my reason as: "Got the urge to write some poetry. Going to get some inspiration."
:'''Zicheng:''' I didn't expect the person in charge of approving leaves of absence to respond so seriously, with a "May poetic puissance be yours"... and half a month's leave to go with it...
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that a good thing?
::'''Zicheng:''' You'd think so, yes... Except that the entire Ministry now knows why I'm on vacation!
:{{DIcon}} And have you proved a poet most puissant, perchance?
::'''Zicheng:''' Not in the slightest, but the news of my vacation and its purpose have spread far and wide nonetheless. Now everyone in the Ministry knows what I've gone to Natlan for!
:'''Zicheng:''' *sigh* It has been fun, of course. I'm not doubting that. The scenery's good, the food's pretty nice, and they've got all manner of interesting life here, especially the cute little baby [[Saurian]]s...
:'''Zicheng:''' But not a line of poetry has come to mind. Not one!
:'''Zicheng:''' I even borrowed a [[Kamera]] to help me gather inspiration, but that hasn't done me much good.
:'''Zicheng:''' I'm fine with natural scenery, but forget shops and crowds &mdash; I can't make out anything in those shots.
:{{DIcon}} Um, how about I help you?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I'm great at taking photos.
:'''Zicheng:''' Wait. You'd help me? Oh, thank goodness... I have to gather some inspiration no matter what.
:'''Zicheng:''' Let me think...
;(If the player receives the [[Children of Echoes]] version)
::'''Zicheng:''' I've heard that there's a beautiful stage over where the Children of Echoes are, at which people perform daily.
::'''Zicheng:''' Please, help me take a picture of that grand stage at noon &mdash; better still if you could get a shot with those performing in it as well...
;(If the player receives the [[People of the Springs]] version)
::'''Zicheng:''' Ah, yes! I've heard people say that the People of the Springs have very distinctive shop signage, and amongst them, I believe, is "Djembe Studios."
::'''Zicheng:''' Please, help me take a picture of that studio in the early morning hours!
;(If the player receives the [[Scions of the Canopy]] version)
::'''Zicheng:''' The Courier's Longhouse over where the Scions of the Canopy dwell sees much hustle and bustle, and the signboard of that famous spot, too, is most distinctive.
::'''Zicheng:''' Hehe, could I ask you to snap a shot of it at sunset, thereabouts?

;(Talk to Zicheng again, optional)
:;(If the player receives the Children of Echoes version)
:::'''Zicheng:''' Apart from the grand stage, word is that the Children of Echoes is also home to a large gemstone shop.
:::'''Zicheng:''' A picture of those gems would make for a fine memento, I'd say...
:;(If the player receives the People of the Springs version)
:::'''Zicheng:''' Other than Djembe Studios, the People of the Springs play host to two other famous stores.
:::'''Zicheng:''' I'd love to compare their signboards, should they prove quite idiosyncratic as well.
:;(If the player receives the Scions of the Canopy version)
:::'''Zicheng:''' Hmm... There's a huge mural at the cliffs where the Scions of the Canopy live, isn't there?
:::'''Zicheng:''' Now, if you find that mural, help me take a picture of it, would you?
----
;(Talk to Zicheng after taking photos)<!--Please adjust camera angle to take a suitable photo to bring back to Zicheng-->
:;(If the player only takes one photo)
:::'''Zicheng:''' You're back! Have you finished taking the picture?
:::{{DIcon}} That I have.
:;(If the player takes all photos needed)
:::'''Zicheng:''' You're back! Have you finished taking the pictures?
:::{{DIcon}} I took a few extra shots for good measure.
:'''Zicheng:''' Wow, you're good. Much better than my assistant for sure. Whenever he takes pictures of the sites we're surveying, we're looking at several takes, minimum.
:'''Zicheng:''' If we had you on the survey team, I bet we'd have ruined a few Kameras less.
:;(If the player only takes one photo)
:::{{DIcon}} Can you really use this to help write poetry?
:::'''Zicheng:''' I... think so? Well, and if I can't make it work, I'll just use the picture as a postcard.
:::'''Zicheng:''' I'll write some wish-you-were-heres on the back and have it sent to the Ministry. No one'll say nothin', not after the gift!
:;(If the player takes all photos needed)
:::{{DIcon}} Can you really use these to help write poetry?
:::'''Zicheng:''' I... think so? Well, and if I can't make it work, I'll just use the pictures as postcards.
:::'''Zicheng:''' I'll write some wish-you-were-heres on the back and have 'em sent to the Ministry. No one'll say nothin', not after the gifts!
:'''Zicheng:''' *cough* That's the last resort, though. In the meantime, I'll give this "writing a good poem" business some thought...
:'''Zicheng:''' The five winds... surge? ... No, roil, perhaps... Wait a moment. How many tribes does Natlan have anyway?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/RBzMZHQn6F0
|caption1 = Guide: Photo taken during Stage Tepetl for achievement
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Sharpshooter on Hand
|zhs      = 妙影在手
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 妙影在手
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 手に妙影
|ja_rm    = Te ni Myouei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 촬영의 대가
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La inspiración en tus manos
|es_tl    = The Inspiration In Your Hands
|fr       = Tireur à portée de main
|fr_tl    = Shooter Within Reach
|ru       = Мастерство света и тени
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เงามหัศจรรย์ในมือ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ảnh Đẹp Trong Tay
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein Trick in der Hinterhand
|de_tl    = A Trick Up One's Sleeve
|de_note  = lit. "a trick in the backhand"
|id       = Fotografer Andal Memang Beda
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Atirador de Elite em Mãos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Hazırdaki Keskin Nişancı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = {{MC|m=Fotografo provetto|f=Fotografa provetta}} a disposizione
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}

[[vi:Ảnh Đẹp Trong Tay]]