{{Event
|name              = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Diary to Get Avatar Frames and Exquisite Merchandise!
|image             = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Diary to Get Avatar Frames and Exquisite Merchandise!.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-25 10:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-05 03:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7189017
}}
'''Share Your Sumeru Adventure Diary to Get Avatar Frames and Exquisite Merchandise!''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />
With the arrival of Version 3.0, have Travelers embarked on their new adventure in Sumeru?<br />
Did anything memorable happen during this wonderful journey?<br />
Come and share about your adventures now!<br />
Share your Sumeru Adventure Diary to unlock avatar frame rewards! Travelers who share their adventure diary for seven consecutive days will also have a chance to get exquisite merchandise~

==Event Duration==
* Event Duration: August 25, 2022 – September 5, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on September 26.

==How to Participate==
# Use the topic #Daily Adventures to post and share your adventure of the day in Sumeru. There are no limits as to the format of the post: text, images, videos. However, content posted must be related to Sumeru.
# The title of your post must include the date of publication and the term "Sumeru," "Sumeru Adventure Diary - August 25," for example.
# Once the post meets the two criteria mentioned above, your participation will have been deemed successful.

==Event Rewards==
Travelers who successfully participate and post their Sumeru Adventure Diary can obtain a limited-time avatar frame (valid for 30 days). Travelers who check in for 3 consecutive days are guaranteed to receive a permanent avatar frame~<br />
In addition, 60 Travelers, randomly selected from all those who share the Sumeru Adventure Diary for 7 consecutive days, will be gifted with exquisite merchandise!<br />
Tartaglia Monoceros Caeli Plush Cushion ×1

==Notes==
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post or the comments violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event and Sumeru, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Posts with the same content may not be submitted repeatedly.
#  Each HoYoLAB account can only obtain one avatar frame and win merchandise once during the event.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Diary to Get Avatar Frames and Exquisite Merchandise!
|zhs     = 分享须弥冒险日记 赢头像框及精美周边奖励
|zhs_rm  = Fēnxiǎng Xūmí Màoxiǎn Rìjì Yíng Tóuxiàng-kuāng Jí Jīngměi Zhōubiān Jiǎnglì
|zht     = 分享須彌冒險日記 贏頭像框及精美周邊獎勵
|zht_rm  = Fēnxiǎng Xūmí Màoxiǎn Rìjì Yíng Tóuxiàng-kuāng Jí Jīngměi Zhōubiān Jiǎnglì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = スメールでの冒険日記をシェアして、アイコンフレームや素敵なグッズをゲット
|ja_rm   = Sumeeru de Bouken Nikki wo Sheashite, Aiconfureemu ya Suteki na Guzzu wo Getto
|ja_tl   = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Log, and Get Icon Frames and Amazing Goods
|ko      = 수메르 모험 일지를 공유하고 프로필창 및 굿즈 보상 획득하자
|ko_rm   = Sumereu Moheom Iljireul Gong'yuhago Peuropilchang Mit Gutjjeu Bosang Hoekdeukhaja
|ko_tl   = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Diary and Get Profile Frame and Goods Rewards
|es      = Comparte tu Diario de aventurero en Sumeru: Gana un marco de avatar e increíbles premios de merchandising
|es_tl   = Share your Adventurer's Diary in Sumeru: Win an avatar frame and incredible merchandising prizes
|fr      = Partagez vos aventures quotidiennes à Sumeru pour remporter un cadre d'avatar et des produits dérivés
|fr_tl   = Share Your Daily Adventures in Sumeru to Get an Avatar Frame and Tie-in Products
|ru      = Поделитесь Дневником приключений Сумеру и выиграйте эксклюзивную рамку аватара и мерч
|ru_tl   = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Journal and Win Exclusive Avatar Frame and Merch
|th      = แชร์บันทึกผจญภัยใน Sumeru ลุ้นรับกรอบรูปโปรไฟล์และรางวัลสินค้าเกม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Diary to Get Avatar Frames and Exquisite Merchandise!
|vi      = Chia sẻ Ký Sự Mạo Hiểm Sumeru, giành phần thưởng khung đại diện và quà lưu niệm đẹp mắt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Teile dein Abenteuertagebuch über Sumeru und gewinne Profilbildrahmen sowie tolle Fan-Artikel
|de_tl   = Share Your Adventure Diary About Sumeru and Win Avatar Frames and Awesome Merchandise
|id      = Bagikan Buku Harian Petualangan di Sumeru, Dapatkan Hadiah Bingkai Avatar serta Merchandise Menarik!
|id_tl   = Share Your Sumeru Adventure Diary, Get Avatar Frames and Exciting Merchandise!
|pt      = Compartilhe seu Diário do Aventureiro em Sumeru e ganhe uma moldura de avatar e outros produtos de fãs!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
[[th:แชร์บันทึกผจญภัยใน Sumeru ลุ้นรับกรอบรูปโปรไฟล์และรางวัลสินค้าเกม]]