{{Event
|name              = Share Veluriyam Mirage Experiences
|image             = Share Veluriyam Mirage Experiences.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-07-06 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-14 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/19850019
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Version 3.8 is here! Come share your experiences in the Veluriyam Mirage with the HoYoLAB community now. Genshin Impact merchandise, Primogem rewards, and more await – so what are you waiting for!?<br>From now till August 14, comment under this post or share under the topic #Veluriyam Mirage to participate in the event for a chance to win Primogems and merchandise rewards!}}
'''Share Veluriyam Mirage Experiences''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Duration==
July 6, 2023 12:00:00 – August 14, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate==
Choose either of the following participation methods:
# During the event, leave a comment under this post sharing experiences related to the Veluriyam Mirage.
# During the event, post your game experiences under the topic #Veluriyam Mirage. There are no limits to the format of your post (images, text, videos, etc.).

Come take part in the sharing event!

==Event Rewards==
Primogem Reward: Primogems ×100 (100 winners)<br>
Share your experiences via one of the above methods to participate in the draw.<br>
Genshin Impact Knights of Favonius Mouse Mat ×1 (10 winners)<br>
Share your experiences via one of the above methods to participate in the draw.<

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:<br>https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contains any form of advertising, and that which seeks to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}