{{Event
|name              = Share the Skills Learned in "Hypostatic Symphony" to Win Primogem Rewards!
|image             = Share the Skills Learned in Hypostatic Symphony to Win Primogem Rewards.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-11-24 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-12-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/13940477
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br /><br />The "[[Hypostatic Symphony/2022-11-24|Hypostatic Symphony]]" challenge is already available in-game. How skilled are you in defeating these fierce opponents? Got any tips for me?<br />Come and take part in the "Hypostatic Symphony" Topic Event. Share your tips for completing challenges~<br />Travelers who participate successfully will have the opportunity to win Primogems!}}
'''Share the Skills Learned in "Hypostatic Symphony" to Win Primogem Rewards!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.2]].

==Event Duration==
November 24, 2022 – December 4, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results and Winners List Announcement:<br />
The list of winners will be updated on this event post on December 19, 2022

==How to Participate==
You can post under the #Hypostatic Symphony topic and share your own tips for completing challenges, party configuration, and other content. There are no limits as to the format of the post: images, text, videos, etc. However, the content must be related to the "Hypostatic Symphony" challenge.

==Event Rewards==
I will randomly select 30 people among the Travelers who have participated successfully to gift them each Primogems ×300.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# Each user has only one chance to win a prize in each event. The results of each event are independent of each other.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes or hides the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one set of Primogems during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}