{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Shefket.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Treasure Hoarders
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Shefket''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|A Short Encounter with a Rare Bird}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|hideaddbutton=true
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Shefket is a poacher who claims affiliation with the [[Forest Rangers]], though his identity is a scam; he is actually a [[Treasure Hoarders|Treasure Hoarder]] who sells precious materials from rare animals for a profit. Originally, he tried to apply into the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], but he failed and people thought him a "weirdo" who wandered the forest with his nonsensical surveys.

The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] first run into him after they kill one of the [[Shroomboar]]s at a hill overlooking [[Caravan Ribat]]. Claiming to be working on an ecological survey, he tasks them with hunting a [[Dusk Bird]]. The Traveler does so, getting the attention of some [[The Eremites|Eremites]] but rout them. After looking at a feather, he tells them to check on the colony at [[Apam Woods]].

The Traveler heads there and hunts a Dusk Bird, an Eremite named [[Orhan]] scolds them, stating that he was there to protect them and shows the two official orders from the [[Corps of Thirty]]. Orhan then realizes that they were duped by Shefket and knowing that they were unaware of his actions, asks them to help him apprehend the con man. He places false info that a colony of Dusk Birds were in the mountains easte of Apam Woods, which Shefket falls into. The Traveler meets him there, where they call Orhan out with a code phrase, though he arrives without his backup, as they were drunk to spread false info. Having anticipated a trap, he expresses surprise that only one Eremite appeared and has his Treasure Hoarder contacts ambush them, but the Traveler easily subdues them just as Orhan's subordinates arrive. Shefket then claims mental trauma in an attempt to feign innocence and escape, but the group does not buy his story and he is taken away by the Eremites.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* ''Shefket'' might refer to Turkish professor {{w|Şevket Pamuk}} the older brother of Turkish novelist {{w|Orhan Pamuk|Ferit Orhan Pamuk}}. [[Ferit]], [[Orhan]] and [[Pamuk]] are also NPC in this World Quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Shefket
|zhs     = 谢夫凯特
|zhs_rm  = Xièfūkǎitè
|zht     = 謝夫凱特
|zht_rm  = Xièfūkǎitè
|ja      = シェフケット
|ja_rm   = Shefuketto
|ko      = 셰프켓
|es      = Shefket
|fr      = Shefket
|ru      = Шефкет
|th      = Shefket
|vi      = Shefket
|de      = Shefket
|id      = Shefket
|pt      = Shefket
|tr      = Shefket
|it      = Shefket
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->