{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Shenhe
|id             = 368145
|image          = Character Shenhe Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Shenhe''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A place to belong...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Master...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Strength...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's meditate...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Training...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Good work out there...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Welcome home.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Welcome home, (Traveler), it's great to have you back.
:{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Um, I heard that I should say these sorts of things whenever family returns home.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' To be honest, I had originally expected this place to be like an adeptus's abode...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I never suspected that your design would differ so greatly from what I had imagined.
::{{DIcon}} If you had to pick, would you prefer an adeptus's abode or here?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Hmm, most adepti spend their years wandering the outside world. Though their abodes can be uniquely picturesque, they also feel like a lonely and remote paradise.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' But here feels very warm and cozy, and I have a nice person like you to keep me company. I've truly never experienced anything like this.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' What I mean is... I like it here. I will cherish this place and learn to adapt to life here.
::{{DIcon}} Alright, that's good to hear.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' However... there are many pieces of decoration and furniture here that I've never seen before. I'm uncertain of their use or purpose.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' So please take a moment to explain everything to me when you could spare the time.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Chat? Then I suppose you must enjoy chatting, just like my master.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Alright then, aside from my rigorous training in the adepti arts, my master also taught me the skills of conversation. Though more often than not, she was the only one speaking and I ended up just listening quietly.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I suppose I should take the opportunity to practice whenever it presents itself. Why don't you start?
::{{DIcon}} What have you learned about making conversation?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Well... It seems that conversation is a skill that can't be practiced like other arts. There isn't any concrete methodology to mastering it as far as I can tell.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I only remember my master saying that the purpose of talking is not only to convey information, but also to direct the mood and deepen mutual feelings.
::{{DIcon}} How do you direct the mood?
:::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 06a 1.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Well, according to her, you should pick topics of interest to your partner. That's the best way to direct the mood of the conversation.
:::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 06a 2.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Before I met you, I wasn't close with anyone. There were barely any topics that would ever spark my interest.
::{{DIcon}} How do you deepen mutual feelings?
:::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 06b 1.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I'm quite ashamed, actually, I have no talent for this and my master's expertise hasn't rubbed off on me at all...
:::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 06b 2.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' The feelings shared between my adepti teachers and me are quite extraordinary. We don't need to converse to deepen our feelings for each other.
:::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 06b 3.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' And besides them, I have no real friends, which means that I've never had someone with whom to deepen my feelings.
::{{DIcon}} So you mean that...
::{{DIcon}} You don't seem like you enjoy chatting at all...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Well, whenever my master brought you up as the topic, I'll admit I felt quite... amused.
::{{DIcon}} Me?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Yes, you. She said that you are widely regarded as a bold and fearless hero, but if people had seen the look of sheer panic on your face when you fell from the first Jade Chamber...
::{{DIcon}} Ah yeah, about that...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' You're blushing. Is this how it feels when the mood of a conversation begins to shift?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' It seems my master's conversation techniques are quite handy after all...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I've got it, I shall go ask my master all about you. That way, we'll have many more common topics to discuss.
::{{DIcon}} No, uh, please don't do that...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Oh, I suppose there's no need to go through all that trouble, you're already sitting right here in front of me after all.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' In which case, please, tell me more about yourself. I'll remember everything you say!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' As a matter of fact, I would like something to eat.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, you're hungry?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Well, no. Not really. I actually just wanted to sit and chat with you over a long meal.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I heard that sharing a meal is really important to the people of Liyue.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' It's not only about eating, but rather, "sharing an enjoyable time with those that are important to you."
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' When everyone gathers together over a meal, that's called a "get-together," right?
::{{DIcon}} That's right, especially during the holidays.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Like Lantern Rite? I know that everyone is supposed to release Xiao Lanterns during that holiday... a pity that it's only once a year.
::{{DIcon}} There are other holidays, too, you know...
::{{DIcon}} For example, the Moonchase Festival. Everyone gathers to enjoy the moonlight together.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I see...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I used to always feel that the holidays had nothing to do with me. But now... there seems to be a longing in my heart for the next holiday to come more quickly.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I would like to use all that I have learned to celebrate together with you.
::{{DIcon}} I almost didn't realize it, but...
::{{DIcon}} You've made loads of progress...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I've been growing thanks to your constant guidance. Believe me, I won't forget your kindness.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' And my feelings toward you are not only of gratitude...
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' But anyway, let's celebrate the next holiday together!
::{{DIcon}} We'll have a get-together?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Yes, a big get-together.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Shenhe.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Oh, up already, (Traveler)?
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' If those noisy birds woke you up, I'll go silence them right away.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Huh? Oh, you don't want me to harm them? Fine... I'll just shoo them away. Don't worry.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Shenhe.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Good night, (Traveler), have a nice rest.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' If you find yourself tossing and turning, I have some herbs to calm the spirit and help you sleep. Just let me know if you need them.
::{{A|vo shenhe mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Even if it's late, I promise it won't be trouble for me at all. So please don't hesitate.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md shenhe store 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' If we were in Liyue Harbor, this street would be crammed with people... and I don't think I'd stay longer than I needed to.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md shenhe store 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' But here, this street seems like such a safe place...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md shenhe store 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Join me for a walk. It could be good practice for you, helping me acclimatize to the mortal world.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md shenhe village 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I much prefer tranquil places like this to the constant clamor of the city.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md shenhe village 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' It's somewhere that I can be myself. No distractions.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md shenhe village 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' A life of freedom, leisure, and relative privacy... It seems this appeals to you, too.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Shenhe/Compagnia]]
[[ru:Шэнь Хэ/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Shenhe/Konaklama]]
[[ja:申鶴/塵歌壺]]