{{Character Infobox
|type             = Open-World NPC
|image            = NPC Shiba Murasaki.png
|realname         = 
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Aisa Bathhouse
|group            = Yumekui-Baku
|title2           = Lazy Attendant

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm10904360|Arianna Fox]]<ref name="Arianna Fox">Twitter: [https://x.com/afoxauthor/status/1889876578387239265 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Shiba Murasaki'''|ja=柴葉紫|ja_rm=Shiba Murasaki}} is an open-world [[NPC]] located within [[Aisa Bathhouse]], [[Inazuma]]. 

After the completion of {{Quest|Afterword (Dream Eater's Melancholia)}}, she can be found inside Aisa Bathhouse.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Murasaki is a [[yumekui-baku]] and one of the psychologists working at the [[Aisa Bathhouse]]. It is unknown what style of psychological counseling Murasaki does. However, she claims that her customer satisfaction is worst among the staff.

Murasaki seems to mostly be in charge of the bookkeeping, and is quite proficient at it.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse}}</ref> She is blunt, lazy, and complains about work often, but never actually refuses to do work that is assigned to her.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Murasaki is a short baku, the shortest of the three in the bathhouse; she has fair skin and purple hair with a white head piece with a purple ribbon in it. She has a purple choker with a cloud accessory on the middle on it. She has yellow eyes with a darker fade toward the top of the iris. She wear sandals with white socks.

Murasaki wears a purple kimono with a white apron over it. The kimono reaches to her fingers and is relatively short, much like Mizuki's. The apron had a little baku stitched onto it. Over the kimono she wears her obi which is a darker purple than her kimono with a lighter purple string around the the middle of it. The sleeves of the kimono have swirls around the ends with a white trim.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Limited numbers...
::{{A|VO Shiba Murasaki 01.ogg}} "We've gotta turn some of them back..."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Shiba Murasaki:''' What are you doing over here? The reception's that way.
:{{DIcon}} Are you slacking off?
::'''Shiba Murasaki:''' Wh&mdash;What? That's not... Not at all! I just don't like crowded places...
::'''Shiba Murasaki:''' Besides, I'm keeping an eye on [[Shion]]. If that dimwit runs into a difficult customer, she'll need me to sort things out.
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to book a therapy session.
::'''Shiba Murasaki:''' Uh, I... suppose there's no way to back out?
::'''Shiba Murasaki:''' I should let you know, my customer satisfaction rating is the worst.
::'''Shiba Murasaki:''' You should really consider what you're getting yourself into here.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Shiba Murasaki:''' Bye... *yawn* I'm so tired...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Shiba Murasaki
|zhs      = 柴葉紫
|zhs_rm   = Cháiyè Zǐ
|zhs_note = In Simplified Chinese, the characters {{wt|葉}} and {{wt|叶}} are typically merged into {{zh|叶}}, as in {{zh|枫原万叶|Fēngyuán Wànyè|[[Kaedehara Kazuha#Other Languages|Kaedehara Kazuha]].}} For Shiba Murasaki's name, the game maintains the distinction.
|zht      = 柴葉紫
|zht_rm   = Cháiyè Zǐ
|ja       = 柴葉紫
|ja_rm    = Shiba Murasaki
|ko       = 시바 무라사키
|es       = Shiba Murasaki
|fr       = Shiba Murasaki
|ru       = Сиба Мурасаки
|th       = Shiba Murasaki
|vi       = Shiba Murasaki
|de       = Shiba Murasaki
|id       = Shiba Murasaki
|pt       = Shibamura Saki
|tr       = Shiba Murasaki
|it       = Shiba Murasaki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Shiba Murasaki]]