{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Comparison
|tab3 = Enemy
|tab4 = Shield Gauge Data
}}
{{Community}}
{{See also|Elemental Gauge Theory}}
The durability of enemy elemental shields is determined by their total [[gauge unit]]s. Breaking enemy shields factors in gauge unit cost from [[Elemental Reaction]]s, normal [[Damage]], and [[Poise]] damage. The total damage dealt (in gauge units) to the shield is given by
:<math>\text{Total Shield Damage} = \text{Reaction Cost} + \text{Damage Cost} + \text{Poise Cost}</math>
These variables are explained further below, and a comprehensive list of enemy shield data can be found in [[Shield/Shield Gauge Data]].

There are four types of elemental shields:
* '''Force Shields:''' Shields that fully protect enemies from DMG. (e.g. [[Abyss Mage]]s)
* '''Armor Shields:''' Shields that do not fully protect enemies from DMG. (e.g. [[Fatui Skirmisher]]s)
* '''Guard Shields:''' Shields physically held by enemies that fully protect enemies from DMG, but only from limited directions, and may lose their effects if the enemy is performing certain actions or is [[stagger]]ed. They are considered separate entities from enemies that own them. (e.g. [[Mitachurl]]s)
* '''Object Shields:''' Objects that do not protect the enemy at all, but are infused with an elemental aura. They are considered separate entities from enemies that own them.

==Reaction Cost==
{{See also|Elemental Gauge Theory#Elemental Reactions}}
The most efficient way to remove most elemental shields is through [[Elemental Reaction]]s. Elemental Reactions directly consume gauge units from Elemental Shields like they do regular auras.

:<math>\text{Cost}_\text{Reaction} = \text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Trigger Element} \times \text{Reaction Coefficient}</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Trigger Element}</math> is the gauge units of an elemental attack or effect that triggers a reaction with an elemental shield.
* <math>\text{Reaction Coefficient}</math> is a ratio that shows how much the aforementioned attack affected the elemental shield.
**For example, when using {{Hydro}} on a {{Pyro}} Shield, the ratio is 2. When using {{Electro}} on a {{Pyro}} Shield, the ratio is 1.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|+ Reaction Coefficient
!rowspan="2" style="text-align: center;"|Shield Element
!colspan="7" style="text-align: center;"|Applied Element
|-
!{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}
!{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}
!{{Icon/Element|Electro}}
!{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}
!{{Icon/Element|Dendro}}
!{{Icon/Element|Anemo}}
!{{Icon/Element|Geo}}
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}
|
|{{Color|Hydro|2}}
|1
|0.5
|
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}
|0.5
|
|DoT
|1
|{{Color|Dendro|2}}
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Electro}}
|{{Color|Pyro|1}}
|DoT
|
|{{Color|Cryo|1}}
|{{Color|Dendro|1}}
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}
|{{Color|Pyro|2}}
|
|1
|
|
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Dendro}}
|DoT
|0.5
|{{Color|Electro|1}}
|
|
|
|
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Geo}}
|2
|2
|2
|2
|
|
|
|}

Notes:
# A highlighted number indicates the most effective element.
# [[Electro-Charged]] reactions deal Damage over Time (DoT) to Electro and Hydro shields at a rate of '''0.4 gauge unit''' per second, unlike the other reactions that deal an immediate damage to the shields. This rate remains constant no matter how many gauge units of the triggering element is applied.
# [[Burning]] reactions deal Damage over Time (DoT) to Dendro and Wood shields at a rate of '''0.4 gauge unit''' per second, unlike the other reactions that deal an immediate damage to the shields. This rate remains constant no matter how many gauge units of the triggering element is applied.
# For Geo shields, one must apply Cryo/Electro/Hydro/Pyro first and manually apply Geo to trigger Crystallize. The actual consumption will scale with the amount of GUs left on the Cryo/Electro/Hydro/Pyro aura at the moment Crystallize is triggered, which means it should take into account decay and aura tax.
# Most "Cryo" Shields used by enemies are in reality of the [[Cryo#Sibling Elements|Frozen element]]. Hydro application does not affect the Frozen gauge on enemy shields.
# For [[Fatui Skirmishers]]' Shields, the Reaction Coefficient is special. There is a large difference between elemental damage from the preferred element (the element that reacts best with the shield's element) and elemental damage from other elements.
{| class="wikitable"
|+Reaction Coefficient
! rowspan="2" |Skirmisher<br />Element!! colspan="7" style="text-align:center;" |Applied Element
|-
!{{Icon/Element|Anemo}}!!{{Icon/Element|Geo}}!!{{Icon/Element|Electro}}!!{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}!!{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}!!{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}!!{{Icon/Element|Dendro}}
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Electro}}||0.1||0.1||-||0.1||0.1||{{Color|Cryo|2}}||0.1
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}||0.05|| 0.05||{{Color|Electro|DoT}}||-||0.05||0.05||0.05
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}||0.1 ||0.1||0.1||{{Color|Hydro|2}}||-||0.1||-
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}||0.1||0.1||0.1||0||{{Color|Pyro|2}}||-||-
|}

==Poise Damage Cost==
{{See also|Interruption Resistance}}
Geo and Frozen Shields can also be damaged by [[poise]] damage.<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=25537580 Damage Conversion and Poise Damage Conversion in Breaking Elemental Shields] (in Chinese)</ref>
:<math>\text{Cost}_\text{Strike} = \text{Poise Damage} \times \text{Cost Ratio} / 25</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Poise Damage}</math> is the poise damage from an attack (how much an enemy was knocked back or interrupted by an attack).
* <math>1/25</math> is the unit conversion of the elemental gauge (between the source code's units of Element Durability and the community-defined [[Gauge Unit]]s).
* <math>\text{Cost Ratio}</math> is a ratio that shows the efficiency of the poise damage.
**The Cost Ratio is determined by Shield Element and Attack Attributes (Strike Type and Attack Type).
**The Cost Ratio cannot stack; it is determined by whichever type of attack does the most damage.
***For example, when using a claymore against a Geo shield, an attack counts as a [[Blunt Attack]] and a Melee attack. Therefore, the Cost Ratio will be 0.35 (as opposed to 0.05).

As a result, '''500/7''' poise damage from Blunt Attacks or '''500''' poise damage from regular melee attacks is required to deplete one gauge unit of a Geo shield, and '''500/3''' poise damage from Blunt Attacks is required to deplete one gauge unit of a Frozen shield.

For calculation, detailed Poise Damage data for character attacks can be found in [[Interruption Resistance/Data]], and a list of Blunt Attacks can be found in [[Blunt Attack]].

{| class="article-table"
! Shield Element !! Condition !! Ratio !! Ratio/25
|-
| rowspan="2" | Geo || Strike Type: Blunt || 0.35 || 0.014
|-
| Attack Type: Melee || 0.05 || 0.002
|-
| Cryo || Strike Type: Blunt || 0.15 || 0.006
|}

* In some sources the conversion ratio (Ratio/25) is given.
* Strike Type and Attack Type are both hidden attributes.

{| class="article-table"
! Attribute !! Value !! Example
|-
| rowspan="13" | Strike Type
| rowspan="4" | Blunt
| Most Attacks by Claymore characters.
|-
| Most [[Plunging Attack]]s by Melee characters.
|-
| Most Geo Attacks.
|-
| Most Explosions (e.g. [[Overloaded]], Amber's [[Baron Bunny]], Klee's bombs, Yoimiya's [[Aurous Blaze]]).
|-
| rowspan="4" | Slash
| Most Normal/Charged Attacks by Sword characters.
|-
| Most Plunging Attacks (Loop Part) by Sword/Claymore characters.
|-
| Some Normal/Charged Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| Some Elemental Attacks by Sword/Polearm characters.
|-
| rowspan="3" | Spear
| Some Normal/Charged Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| Most Plunging Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| Some Elemental Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| rowspan="2" | Pierce
| Most Normal/Charged/Plunging Attacks by Bow characters.
|-
| Some Elemental Attacks by Bow characters.
|-
| rowspan="3" | Attack Type
| rowspan="2" | Melee
| Most Attacks by Sword/Claymore/Polearm characters.
|-
| Most Plunging Attacks by Bow characters.
|-
| rowspan="1" | Ranged
| Most Attacks by Catalyst/Bow characters.
|}

==Equivalent HP==
Compared to using Elemental Reactions, it is harder to break elemental shields through damage. Certain elemental shields are also immune to certain types of damage or will regenerate themselves if not attacked quickly enough.

:<math>\begin{align}\text{Equivalent HP}_\text{Elemental Shield} = \frac{\text{Enemy Max HP} \times \text{Shield HP Ratio}}{\text{Damage Ratio}}\end{align}</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Enemy Max HP}</math> is the realtime max HP of an enemy.
* <math>\text{Shield HP Ratio}</math> is a ratio that compares the elemental gauge of an enemy's shield with their HP (how much damage a shield takes vs how much the enemy would take). The Shield HP Ratio is usually 1.
* <math>\text{Damage Ratio}</math> is a ratio that shows how much a shield can be affected by character damage. The Damage Ratio is usually 0.2 or 0.
** When Damage Ratio is 0, it means that the elemental shield can '''not''' be broken by damage.

This is how an attack's damage is converted into the damage it does to a shield:

:<math>\begin{align}\text{Cost}_\text{Damage} = \frac{\text{Damage}}{\text{Equivalent HP}_\text{Elemental Shield}} \times \text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Elemental Shield} \end{align}</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Damage}</math> is the damage from an attack.
** The damage-amplifying multipliers of Melt or Vaporize don't work on elemental shields.
** Damage is equal to 0 if the attack's element matches the shield (excluding Geo).
* <math>\text{Equivalent HP}_\text{Elemental Shield}</math> is the equivalent HP of the elemental shield (this compares the enemy's HP with the elemental gauge of the shield).
* <math>\text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Elemental Shield}</math> is the actual elemental gauge of the shield.

==References==
{{Reflist}}