{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Comparison
}}
{{About|shields on [[character]]s|shields on [[enemies]]|Ward}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Attribute Shield Strength.png
|type         = Attributes
|type2        = Combat
|type3        = Game Systems
}}
'''Shields''' are protective barriers that block damage to characters or enemies. Player character shields work differently from enemy shields. Below mostly discusses character shields. Enemy shields and breaking them are discussed in [[Ward]] and [[Ward/Gauge Data]].

==Character Shields==
Characters can gain shields through the [[Crystallize]] Elemental Reaction or by using certain [[Talents]] or [[Weapons]].
These shields have a set amount of health determined when the shield is created; when the active character takes damage, damage is dealt to shield health first, and any excess damage after breaking the shield is dealt to the character's health.
Shields often have intrinsic damage absorption bonuses that increase the amount of damage absorbed by each shield health point (usually against certain types of elemental damage).

Most shields gained by characters have a corresponding [[Element]]. Such elemental shields will have absorption bonuses against DMG of specific types: {{Geo}} shields gain 150% absorption bonus to all DMG types, while all other elemental shields gain 250% absorption bonus to their own element.

When a character has more than one shield, the damage dealt by an enemy will affect every active shield simultaneously.<ref>HoYoverse News: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/6085 Developers Discussion]</ref>

===Crystallize Shields===
{{main|Crystallize}}
Shields gained from picking up the Elemental Shards dropped by Crystallize reactions have shield health based on the level and [[Elemental Mastery]] of the character that triggered the reaction. These shields additionally have 250% effectiveness against elemental damage of the same element; in other words, they only take 40% as much damage when absorbing damage of their own element.

:<math>\text{HP}_\text{Crystallize Shield} = \text{HP}_\text{Base Crystallize Shield} \times (1 + \% \text{ EM Bonus})</math>

'''Base Crystallize Shield HP''' is only affected by the character level. For level scaling and other details, see [[Crystallize]].

When the shield takes damage, the damage is scaled down based on the shield's elemental damage absorption bonuses and the active character's [[Attributes#Shield Strength|Shield Strength]] attribute.

:<math>\text{DMG Taken}_\text{Crystallize Shield} = \frac{\text{DMG Incoming}}{(\% \text{Element Bonus}) \times (1 + \% \text{Shield Strength}_\text{Active Character})}</math>

If the damage exceeds the shield's health, the damage taken by character is the excess damage multiplied by the same shield bonus multipliers:
:<math>\text{DMG Taken}_\text{Excess} = \text{DMG}_\text{Incoming Excess} \times (\% \text{Element Bonus}) \times (1 + \% \text{Shield Strength}_\text{Active Character})</math>

===Talent Shields===
Shields created by [[Talent]]s and [[Constellation]]s usually have health based on the character's DEF or Max HP.
Shield damage is scaled down by any elemental damage absorption bonuses and the active character's [[Attributes#Shield Strength|Shield Strength]] attribute. Some character Talents and Constellations may grant additional damage absorption bonuses to shields generated by the character; these apply multiplicatively.<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=24188107 {{Lang|zh=迪奥娜e技能护盾数值计算}}]</ref>

:<math>\text{HP}_\text{Talent Shield} = \text{Stat} \times (\% \text{Talent Multiplier}) + \text{Additive Shield HP}</math>

The damage taken on talent shields is therefore:
:<math>\text{DMG Taken}_\text{Talent Shield} = \frac{\text{DMG Incoming}}{( \% \text{Element Bonus}) \times (1 + \% \text{ Shield Strength}_\text{Active Character})}</math>

If the damage exceeds the shield's health, the damage taken by character is the excess damage multiplied by the same shield bonus multipliers:
:<math>\text{DMG Taken}_\text{Excess} = \text{DMG}_\text{Incoming Excess} \times (\% \text{Element Bonus}) \times (1 + \% \text{ Shield Strength}_\text{Active Character})</math>

See [[Shields/Comparison]] for a comparison of character shield strength, duration and cooldown.

====Talents that Generate Shields====
{{Talents by Category Table|Shield Talents}}

====Constellations that Generate Shields====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Shield Constellations}}

====Party Shields====
These are abilities that generate shields for nearby party members (including in [[Co-Op Mode]]).

{{Constellations by Category Table|Party Shield Constellations}}

===Weapons that Generate Shields===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Shield Generating Passive Weapons}}

===Other Shields===
The [[Geovishap Hatchling]] drops Geo Elemental Shards that grant a Geo shield when picked up (on contact) by a character.

==Improving Shields==
===Elemental Resonance===
The {{Element|Geo|24}} [[Enduring Rock]] Elemental Resonance increases shield strength by 15%.

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Shield Improvement Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Shield Improvement Constellations}}

===Food===
{{Food by Category Table|Shield Strength Dishes}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Shield Strength Artifacts}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Shield Strength Passive Weapons}}

==Enemy Shields==
{{Under Construction}}
{{Main|Ward}}
Certain enemies also have shields that prevent or reduce damage, or grant them the ability to use certain attacks, but their mechanics differ from player shields.
Instead of functioning as an extra health bar (with additional damage absorption bonuses), enemy shields are usually based on elemental gauges.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en      = Shield
|1_zhs     = 护盾
|1_zhs_rm  = Hùdùn
|1_zht     = 護盾
|1_zht_rm  = Hùdùn
|1_zh_tl   = Protective Shield
|1_ja      = シールド
|1_ja_rm   = Shiirudo
|1_ja_tl   = Shield
|1_ko      = {{tt|보호막|保護膜}}
|1_ko_tl   = Shield
|1_es      = Escudo
|1_es_tl   = Shield
|1_fr      = Bouclier
|1_fr_tl   = Shield
|1_ru      = Щит
|1_ru_tl   = Shield
|1_th      = โล่ป้องกัน
|1_th_rm   = Lo Pongkan
|1_th_tl   = Protective Shield
|1_vi      = Khiên
|1_vi_tl   = Shield
|1_de      = Schild
|1_de_tl   = Shield
|1_id      = Perisai
|1_id_tl   = Shield
|1_pt      = Escudo
|1_pt_tl   = Shield
|1_tr      = Kalkan
|1_tr_tl   = Shield
|1_it      = Scudo
|1_it_tl   = 

|2_en      = Shield Strength
|2_zhs     = 护盾强效
|2_zhs_rm  = Hùdùn Qiángxiào
|2_zht     = 護盾強效
|2_zht_rm  = Hùdùn Qiángxiào
|2_zh_tl   = Shield Strength Efficiency
|2_ja      = シールド強化
|2_ja_rm   = Shiirudo Kyouka
|2_ja_tl   = Shield Strengthening
|2_ko      = 보호막 강화
|2_ko_tl   = Shield Strength
|2_es      = Protección de Escudo
|2_es_tl   = Shield Protection
|2_fr      = Force du bouclier
|2_fr_tl   = Shield Strength
|2_ru      = Прочность щита
|2_ru_tl   = Shield Durability
|2_th      = เพิ่มประสิทธิภาพโล่ป้องกัน
|2_th_rm   = Phoem Prasitthiphap Lo Pongkan
|2_th_tl   = Increase Protective Shield Efficiency
|2_vi      = Hiệu Quả Khiên
|2_vi_tl   = 
|2_de      = Schildeffizienz
|2_de_tl   = Shield Efficiency
|2_id      = Kekuatan Perisai
|2_id_tl   = Shield Strength
|2_pt      = Força do Escudo
|2_pt_tl   = 
|2_tr      = Kalkan Gücü
|2_tr_tl   = Shield Strength
|2_it      = Efficacia Scudo
|2_it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox}}

[[ja:シールド]]