{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Comparison
|tab3 = Enemy
|tab4 = Shield Gauge Data
}}
{{Community}}
The durability of enemy elemental shields is determined by their total [[gauge unit]]s. Breaking enemy shields factors in gauge unit cost from elemental reactions, normal [[Damage]], and [[Poise]] damage. The total damage dealt (in gauge units) to the shield is given by
:<math>\text{Total Shield Damage} = \text{Reaction Cost} + \text{Damage Cost} + \text{Poise Cost}</math>
These variables are explained further below.

==Comparison==
There are different types of enemy shields in the game. Some shields can be broken through normal [[damage]], [[poise]] damage, [[Elemental Reactions]], or a combination of these three factors. Sometimes, damage can bypass the shield and damage the enemy. Other times, the shield fully blocks such damage to the enemy.

Key:
*If Damage is checked, the more damage an attack deals, the more it can break the shield.
*If Poise is checked, the more [[Interruption Resistance/Data#Poise Damage And Stagger Effect|poise damage]] an attack deals, the more it can break the shield.
*If Elemental Reactions is checked, then using reactions and applying elemental gauges can break the shield.
*If Damage Bypass is checked, then damage can go through the shield to damage the enemy.

{| class="fandom-table"
!Shield Type
!Entities
!Damage
!Poise
!Elemental Reactions
!Damage Bypass
|-
| rowspan="6" |Force Shield
|{{Enemy|Large Cryo Slime|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Large Geo Slime|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Cryo Abyss Mage|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fatui Cryo Cicin Mage|20}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Electro Abyss Mage|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Hydro Abyss Mage|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Pyro Abyss Mage|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Abyss Lector: Violet Lightning|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Abyss Lector: Fathomless Flames|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Standard Bearer|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fatui Electro Cicin Mage|20}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Cryo Hypostasis|20}}<br />{{Enemy|La Signora|20}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Pyro Hypostasis|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Hydro Hypostasis|text=Hydro Hypostasis Summon|20}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Dvalin|20}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Golden Wolflord|20}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
| rowspan="2" |Armor
|{{Enemy|Cryo Whopperflower|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Cryo Regisvine|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Stonehide Lawachurl|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Frostarm Lawachurl|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fellflower|20}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Electro Whopperflower|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Pyro Whopperflower|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Pyro Regisvine|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto|20}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|-
| rowspan="3" |Directional Shield
|{{Enemy|Ice Shield Hilichurl Guard|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Rock Shield Hilichurl Guard|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl|20}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard|20}}<br />{{Enemy|Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl|20}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
|{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard|20}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|-
| rowspan="4" |Object Shield
|{{Enemy|Cryo Samachurl|20}} Pillar
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
| -
|-
|{{Enemy|Andrius|20}} Pillar<br />{{Enemy|Geo Samachurl|20}} Pillar<br />{{Enemy|Geo Hypostasis|20}} Pillar
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
|{{Check|yes}}
| -
|-
|{{Enemy|Abyss Lector: Fathomless Flames|20}} Darkfire Furnace<br />{{Enemy|Electro Hypostasis|20}} Prism<br />{{Enemy|Pyro Hypostasis|20}} Tinder
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
| -
|-
|[[Geo Constructs]]<br />[[Grass]]
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|no}}
|{{Check|yes}}
| -
|}

==Elemental Shields==
{{See also|Gauge Unit Theory}}
Elemental Shields are enemy shields based on elemental gauges (rather than HP, but the two can be compared), of which there are three types&mdash;Elemental Armor, Elemental Force Shields, and Elemental Directional Shields.<ref>Community Document: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SUc9A7O5C7CX0qYHmCqB44uhpHYY-Txgv6rdibM8Jw4/edit?usp=sharing An Extensive Look Into Shield Damage in Genshin Impact]</ref>
# Elemental Armor is a shield that does not fully protect enemies from damage: when enemies like Lawachurls or Whopperflowers have their Elemental Armor up, they have increased resistance or other properties but can still be damaged.
# Elemental Force Shields, on the other hand, fully protect enemies from damage: shields on enemies like Abyss Mages and Large Slimes need to be depleted via elemental reactions before the enemies themselves can take damage.
# Elemental Directional Shields also protect enemies from damage ''in most cases'': because these shields are physically held by Hilichurls and Mitachurls, the enemies must be knocked over or attacked from the back (provided they are in a position where they will not turn around) in order to take damage while holding a shield. Otherwise, their shields can be damaged via Burning, Melt, or {{Color|Physical DMG}} depending on the type of shield.

===Equivalent HP===
Compared to character shields (or elite shields), it is harder to break elemental shields through damage. Certain elemental shields are also immune to certain types of damage or will regenerate themselves if not attacked quickly enough.

:<math>\begin{align}\text{Equivalent HP}_\text{Elemental Shield} = \frac{\text{Enemy Max HP} \times \text{Shield HP Ratio}}{\text{Damage Ratio}}\end{align}</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Enemy Max HP}</math> is the realtime max HP of an enemy.
* <math>\text{Shield HP Ratio}</math> is a ratio that compares the elemental gauge of an enemy's shield with their HP (how much damage a shield takes vs how much the enemy would take). The Shield HP Ratio is usually 1.
* <math>\text{Damage Ratio}</math> is a ratio that shows how much a shield can be affected by character damage. The Damage Ratio is usually 0.2 or 0.
** When Damage Ratio is 0, it means that the elemental shield can '''not''' be broken by damage.

This is how an attack's damage is converted into the damage it does to a shield:

:<math>\begin{align}\text{Cost}_\text{Damage} = \frac{\text{Damage}}{\text{Equivalent HP}_\text{Elemental Shield}} \times \text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Elemental Shield} \end{align}</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Damage}</math> is the damage from an attack.
** The damage-amplifying multipliers of Melt or Vaporize don't work on elemental shields.
** Damage is equal to 0 if the attack's element matches the shield (excluding Geo).
* <math>\text{Equivalent HP}_\text{Elemental Shield}</math> is the equivalent HP of the elemental shield (this compares the enemy's HP with the elemental gauge of the shield).
* <math>\text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Elemental Shield}</math> is the actual elemental gauge of the shield.

===Reaction Cost===
The most efficient way to remove most elemental shields is through elemental reactions.<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=25127442 Shield Damage For Elemental Shields] (in chinese)</ref>

:<math>\text{Cost}_\text{Reaction} = \text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Trigger Element} \times \text{Reaction Coefficient}</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Elemental Gauge}_\text{Trigger Element}</math> is the elemental gauge cost of an elemental attack or effect that triggers a reaction with an elemental shield.
* <math>\text{Reaction Coefficient}</math> is a ratio that shows how much the aforementioned attack affected the elemental shield.
**For example, when using '''Hydro''' on a Pyro Shield, the ratio is 2. When using '''Electro''' on a Pyro Shield, the ratio is 1.

Note: Cryo Shields on enemies act the same way as [[Frozen]] enemies do. The Frozen effect and Cryo Shield share most characteristics. Hydro application does not affect the Frozen gauge on enemies, and Cryo Shields are similarly unaffected by Hydro.
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|+ Reaction Coefficient
!rowspan="2" style="text-align: center;"|Shield Element
!colspan="6" style="text-align: center;"|Applied Element
|-
!{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}
!{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}
!{{Icon/Element|Electro}}
!{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}
!{{Icon/Element|Anemo}}
!{{Icon/Element|Geo}}
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}
|
|2
|1
|0.5
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}
|0.5
|
|DoT
|1
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Electro}}
|1
|DoT
|
|1
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}
|2
|
|1
|
|0.5
|0.5
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Anemo}}
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Geo}}
|0.5
|0.5
|0.5
|0.5
|
|
|}

Notes:
# [[Electro-Charged]] reactions deal Damage over Time (DoT) to Electro and Hydro shields at a rate of '''0.4 gauge unit''' per second, unlike the other reactions that deal an immediate damage to the shields. This rate remains constant no matter how many gauge units of the triggering element is applied.
# For [[Fatui Skirmishers]]' Shields, the Reaction Coefficient is special. There is a large difference between elemental damage from the preferred element (the element that reacts best with the shield's element) and elemental damage from other elements.
{| class="wikitable"
|+Reaction Coefficient
! rowspan="2" |Skirmisher<br />Element!! colspan="6" |Elemental Damage Type
|-
!{{Icon/Element|Anemo}}!!{{Icon/Element|Geo}}!!{{Icon/Element|Electro}}!!{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}!!{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}!!{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Electro}}||0.1||0.1||-||0.1||0.1||{{Color|Cryo|2}}
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}||0.05|| 0.05||{{Color|Electro|DoT}}||-||0.05||0.05
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}||0.1 ||0.1||0.1||{{Color|Hydro|2}}||-||0.1
|- align="center"
|{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}||0.1||0.1||0.1||0||{{Color|Pyro|2}}||-
|}

===Poise Damage Cost===
{{See also|Interruption Resistance}}
Geo and Frozen Shields can also be damaged by [[poise]] damage.<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=25537580 Damage Conversion and Poise Damage Conversion in Breaking Elemental Shields] (in Chinese)</ref>
:<math>\text{Cost}_\text{Strike} = \text{Poise Damage} \times \text{Cost Ratio} / 25</math>

Where：
* <math>\text{Poise Damage}</math> is the poise damage from an attack (how much an enemy was knocked back or interrupted by an attack).
* <math>1/25</math> is the unit conversion of the elemental gauge (between the source code's units of Element Durability and the community-defined [[Gauge Unit]]s).
* <math>\text{Cost Ratio}</math> is a ratio that shows the efficiency of the poise damage.
**The Cost Ratio is determined by Shield Element and Attack Attributes (Strike Type and Attack Type).
**The Cost Ratio cannot stack; it is determined by whichever type of attack does the most damage.
***For example, when using a claymore against a Geo shield, an attack counts as a [[Blunt Attack]] and a Melee attack. Therefore, the Cost Ratio will be 0.35 (as opposed to 0.05).

As a result, '''50/7''' poise damage from Blunt Attacks or '''500''' poise damage from regular melee attacks is required to deplete one gauge unit of a Geo shield, and '''500/3''' poise damage from Blunt Attacks is required to deplete one gauge unit of a Frozen shield.

For calculation, detailed Poise Damage data for character attacks can be found in [[Interruption Resistance/Data]], and a list of Blunt Attacks can be found in [[Blunt Attack]].

{| class="article-table"
! Shield Element !! Condition !! Ratio !! Ratio/25
|-
| rowspan="2" | Geo || Strike Type: Blunt || 0.35 || 0.014
|-
| Attack Type: Melee || 0.05 || 0.002
|-
| Cryo || Strike Type: Blunt || 0.15 || 0.006
|}

* In some sources the conversion ratio (Ratio/25) is given.
* Strike Type and Attack Type are both hidden attributes.

{| class="article-table"
! Attribute !! Value !! Example
|-
| rowspan="13" | Strike Type
| rowspan="4" | Blunt
| Most Attacks by Claymore characters.
|-
| Most [[Plunging Attack]]s by Melee characters.
|-
| Most Geo Attacks.
|-
| Most Explosions (e.g. [[Overloaded]], Amber's [[Baron Bunny]], Klee's bombs, Yoimiya's [[Aurous Blaze]]).
|-
| rowspan="4" | Slash
| Most Normal/Charged Attacks by Sword characters.
|-
| Most Plunging Attacks (Loop Part) by Sword/Claymore characters.
|-
| Some Normal/Charged Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| Some Elemental Attacks by Sword/Polearm characters.
|-
| rowspan="3" | Spear
| Some Normal/Charged Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| Most Plunging Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| Some Elemental Attacks by Polearm characters.
|-
| rowspan="2" | Pierce
| Most Normal/Charged/Plunging Attacks by Bow characters.
|-
| Some Elemental Attacks by Bow characters.
|-
| rowspan="3" | Attack Type
| rowspan="2" | Melee
| Most Attacks by Sword/Claymore/Polearm characters.
|-
| Most Plunging Attacks by Bow characters.
|-
| rowspan="1" | Ranged
| Most Attacks by Catalyst/Bow characters.
|}

==Directional Shields==
Certain enemies have access to directional shields that block all attacks from a set direction and some AoE attacks. While [[Frozen]] or [[Planet Befall|Petrified]], directional shields are completely ineffective. Some directional shields can be guard-broken if sufficient [[Poise Damage]] is dealt. Additionally, the application of elemental statuses and attacks that deal no Poise Damage such as [[Dominus Lapidis]]'s Resonance and [[Ocean-Hued Clam]]'s Sea-Dyed Foam can bypass directional shields.

Enemies with Directional Shields include:
{{Enemies by Category List|Directional Shield Enemies|header=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}