{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11122
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Historia Antiqua Chapter
|actNum        = II
|act           = No Mere Stone
|part          = 3
|character     = Zhongli
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Lingju Pass]], [[Lisha]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Lisha
|subarea       = Lingju Pass
|prev          = Truth in the Stones
|next          = Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved
|exp           = 625
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}{{Card|Archaic Stone|1|rarity=4}}
|characters    = Kun Jun; Ling; Missing Miners; Paimon; Traveler; Wanyu; Wei (No Mere Stone); Yonggui; Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Shifting Earth and Lost Threads Come to Light''' is the third part of [[Zhongli]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Historia Antiqua Chapter]]: Act II - [[No Mere Stone]].

==Steps==
# Head to [[Lingju Pass]] to investigate
# Look for more clues in the area
# Follow the footprints
# Ask people nearby for information
#* Only [[Ling]], the one furthest from the starting area, needs to be spoken to in order to advance to the next step.
# Follow the road and keep up the pursuit
# Save the ambushed scholar
#* Defeat opponents
#* {{Enemy|Geovishap Hatchling|x=2}}
#* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=3}}
# Talk to the scholar
# Head to [[Nantianmen]] and look for clues
# Take the miner to a nearby camp to rest
#* Obtain [[Archaic Stone]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The evidence at the mining site suggests that the miners followed the road north. You follow the trail, gradually closing in on them.<br /><br />All manner of clues guide you along the way, including footprints, witnesses, and memories embedded in stone...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Head to Lingju Pass to investigate)
:{{A|vo zllq103 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, there are tracks here!
:{{A|vo zllq103 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These must have been left by the miners!
:{{A|vo zllq103 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Let us make our way to the end of Lingju Pass. If there are no footprints there, it would suggest that the miners are still within the pass itself. However, if we find new tracks, we can follow them wherever they may lead.

;(Look for more clues in the area)
:{{A|vo zllq103 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Footprints!
:{{A|vo zllq103 2 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It would appear that they made their way through Lingju Pass and kept moving.
:{{A|vo zllq103 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we follow their footprints, we should be able to find where they went!

;(Follow the footprints)
:{{A|vo zllq103 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! The footprints end here!
:{{A|vo zllq103 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We should inquire with anyone nearby. If the miners came through here, they may well have seen them.

----

;(Ask people nearby for information)

;(Talk to [[Yonggui]])
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there, have you seen anyone dressed like a miner around here?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 yonggui 01.ogg}} '''Yonggui:''' A miner? I'm afraid not.
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Let's try someone else.
;(Talk to Yonggui again)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq103 yonggui 01.ogg}} '''Yonggui:''' *sigh* My legs don't work like they used to... Guess my age is catching up with me...

;(Talk to [[Wei (No Mere Stone)|Wei]])
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! Have you seen any miners nearby? About this tall &mdash; four of them?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 wei 01.ogg}} '''Wei:''' Stop bothering me! Can't you see I'm cloud-watching?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Geez! A little grumpy, aren't we?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whatever, let's go ask someone else.
;(Talk to Wei again)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq103 wei 01.ogg}} '''Wei:''' You again... I'm busy!

;(Talk to [[Ling]])
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, seen any miners?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 ling 01.ogg}} '''Ling:''' ...It must have been about four or five days ago. There were a few men who came through here carrying baskets and picks... I guess that could have been them?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! That's them!
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Four or five days ago? It appears that they were moving slower than we'd anticipated. Traversing the geography of Lingju Pass must have held them up.
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 ling 02.ogg}} '''Ling:''' It was so strange! Four big guys with lifeless expressions... It was like they were in some sort of trance! And there was a child staggering in front of them...
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Huh, this child... Did you see what they look like?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 ling 03.ogg}} '''Ling:''' I caught a glimpse... blue hair, short. I think... I think it was a girl! She wasn't smiling, in fact she looked very serious.
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' And they took this road?
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 ling 04.ogg}} '''Ling:''' Yes, they followed it straight from here.
:{{A|vo zllq103 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go after them!
;(Talk to Ling again)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq103 ling 01.ogg}} '''Ling:''' I've never seen anything like it... Were they sleepwalking? So bizarre...

----

;(Follow the road and keep up the pursuit)

;(Save the ambushed scholar)
:{{A|vo zllq103 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' More footprints... *gasp* There's a person over there!
:{{A|vo zllq103 5 wanyu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Help! Please, save me!
:{{A|vo zllq103 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that one of the people we're looking for? Oh! Rescue first, ask questions later!

;(Talk to the [[Wanyu|scholar]])
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 01.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' Those monsters were so aggressive &mdash; they must have noticed me walking through! Before I knew it they were all over me... Thank you all for saving me.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 02.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' My name is Wanyu, I belong to Liyue's Shenglu Hall. I head up our human culture and civilization research.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You sure you're not... a miner?
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 03.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' A miner?
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. We're looking for a group of four strong fellas carrying mining equipment.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 04.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' I... I think I saw those people.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really!?
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 05.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' Yes. I set off from Nantianmen the day before yesterday heading for Lingju Pass. About halfway there I came across some people &mdash; a few men and a child.
:{{DIcon}} Can you be a bit more specific?
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 06.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' I was in a hurry, I didn't get a good look. I'm afraid I'm not even sure what they looked like... apologies.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I think that's all we needed to hear. Thank you.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 07.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' I hope it's useful to you!
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 wanyu 08.ogg}} '''Wanyu:''' I'd better get going, there's a conference I need to attend. Again, thank you all for your help.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to this scholar, the miners were heading for Nantianmen.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Can we be absolutely sure that it was the men that we're looking for?
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A child with a group of adults! Sounds pretty close to Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} It could easily have been a different group.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... but...
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 02.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Hey, perhaps that rock over there can tell us more!
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha! Paimon nearly forgot about our secret weapon!
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 03.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' It looks promising, I'll do my best.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 04.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 05.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' ...
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 06.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' It's the same group alright. They followed this road.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, Mr. Kun Jun, your stone-seeing is something I won't forget in a hurry.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 07.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I suppose it is an asset, though I rarely find a use for it. But praise from Mr. Zhongli is high praise indeed.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a good thing we brought our "Kun Jun compass" along! We would've lost all sense of direction a long time ago.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 08.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Hahaha, you think so? I guess it's been a worthwhile trip then.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 09.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' It feels like... like we're cracking a criminal case. It's a lot of fun.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Be that as it may, we would do well to keep our guards high.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Four fully-grown men in a trance-like state... walking ceaselessly day and night... over hills and mountains... led by a child... This is no ordinary incident.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 kunjun 10.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Oh! You're quite right, Mr. Zhongli. We should have our wits about us.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That's not all. Our scholar was attacked by Geovishap Hatchlings, but the level of aggression they exhibited was... unusual.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We have encountered many clues along the way. So far they've pointed us in the right direction.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm, the miners headed in the direction of Nantianmen the day before yesterday. From here they would have had to navigate a perilous mountain road. If their destination is indeed Nantianmen, we should be able to catch up with them.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! No time to lose!
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I left a mark in the vicinity just now. If Uncle Dai does pass through here, it should guide him to us.
:{{A|vo zllq103 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Clever thinking! A classic Zhongli move.

;(Observe Stone)
:'''Observe Stone:''' (This rock is no different from ordinary Cor Lapis... and yet, Kun Jun was able to see a memory through it.)
:'''Observe Stone:''' (It was thanks to this sort of rock that we were able to find some clues.)

----

;(Head to Nantianmen and look for clues)
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Over here on the ground! Is this one of the missing people?
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' There's a basket lying here too... This must be one of the miners.
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Hello? Can you hear us?
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Judging by his appearance, he must have collapsed from exhaustion.
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Should we wake him up?
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 garymao 01.ogg}} '''Miner:''' I can... I can still dig...
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* Sounds like he's whispering something...
:{{DIcon}} He looks like he's struggling...
:{{DIcon}} He looks like he's trying to stand up.
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It seems that he thinks he still has work to do. Something's not right.
:{{A|vo zllq103 8 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' There's a camp nearby. We should take him there and monitor his condition before deciding our next move.

;(Take the miner to a nearby camp to rest)
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How is he? H&mdash;He won't die, right?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' He's worked himself into a stupor. Thankfully, he's not in serious danger.
:{{DIcon}} How did he get so exhausted?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard him talking about digging for something. Did he dig himself into this state?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's certainly a possibility.
:{{DIcon}} Strange...
:{{DIcon}} Wasn't he brought here?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Hm? It looks like there's something in his pocket...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 02.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Are these... ore fragments?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 03.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' ...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 04.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I just witnessed the memories within these ore fragments. This person brought these fragments out of the mine. He's one of the four that we're searching for.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' How he came to be here is what we need to understand.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So he was kidnapped, and then... abandoned here...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if they didn't need him, why bring him all the way out here?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Unless something happened... something that led him to fall behind.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's had enough! This is too mysterious!
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 05.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Oh! Wait a moment! Seeing these fragments has jogged my memory &mdash; I have something for you.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it? Ooh! Is it a present?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Something... for us?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 06.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' As I mentioned, before I met Uncle Dai I was in a daze. After setting out with you on this case, it feels like a fog is lifting.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 07.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I was so happy when Uncle Dai enlisted you to help. I would never have managed to track down these clues by myself.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 08.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' These are some crystals that I bought from the market. Not any old crystals mind you &mdash; this purity is extraordinarily rare! One for each of you. A memory, if you will.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's beautiful... Oh &mdash; and the colors change as you turn it! It's like a different crystal from each angle.
:{{DIcon}} Looks expensive...
:{{DIcon}} Can I really keep this?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 09.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' But of course, take it.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 10.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' And this one is for Mr. Zhongli.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 11.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Huh? I&mdash;Is something wrong? Not to your liking?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' On the contrary... I just hadn't anticipated receiving a gift during the current circumstances.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But, thank you. I will take good care of it.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 12.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I'm pleased you like them. It's nice to be able to give a gift that others can appreciate.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 13.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Oh! I see more rocks over there. You should all get some rest, I'm going to walk awhile &mdash; perhaps there are more memories to uncover.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You sure like rocks, huh Kun Jun...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 14.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Ores are the crystals of the earth, the sediment of time itself. I feel at peace among them.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 kunjun 15.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Get some rest, and call me when you're ready to set off. I won't be far.
:{{DIcon}} He'll be okay on his own, right?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Rest easy, I surveyed the area. There's no danger here.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, however, there is something I wanted to discuss with you.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's with the seriousness all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Traveler... Does [[Dragonfall]] mean anything to you?
:{{DIcon}} No.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean the ore that Kun Jun's looking for? What's so special about it?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Dragonfall is an incredibly rare ore used in forging. The majority of regular crystals are formed in high-temperature environments. Dragonfall, on the other hand, is formed as a product of elemental reactions.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Elemental reactions can produce material objects?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed they can. However, only a minority can survive for long periods of time.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Dragonfall first emerged in the midst of a great battle, thousands of years ago. Powerful clashes of elemental energy gave birth to elemental crystals. When the fighting ceased, these geological remnants were miraculously preserved.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cooool...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' And yet they are crystal creations all the same, few and far between, relatively unknown. A few hundred years ago, they were virtually mined into obscurity.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 17.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Why is it then, that a citizen of Liyue now wishes to strike upon ore that has long since vanished from the earth?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! If he knows of its existence, surely he knows all of it's already been mined?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Weird... Paimon doesn't get it...
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 18.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' There are those in the mining trade who retain a keen interest in Dragonfall. But for someone like Mr. Kun Jun... whose motivations for seeking it are unclear even unto himself... it's practically unheard-of.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps he has ulterior motives.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ulterior motives... *gasp* Is he a villain!?
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 19.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A conclusion that is presently impossible to reach. We must watch... and wait.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 20.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Don't forget, rescuing those miners is the primary objective. As for anything else... Sooner or later the tide will reveal the lie of the land.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 21.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We're drawing closer to our goal. I believe we should continue to follow this road through. Now that we've found one, the others won't be far away.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 22.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' When you're well-rested, call Mr. Kun Jun over to us. We still have more investigation ahead.
:{{A|vo zllq103 9 zhongli 23.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We should ensure this miner is settled here at the camp. Once we've brought this matter to a close, we can return and attend to him. I suggest we leave a note for Uncle Dai. If he does find the camp he'll know what to do.
;(Obtain [[Archaic Stone]] ×1)

;(Interact with Mao the miner)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq104 garymao 01.ogg}} '''Miner:''' Ugh... Oh...
:'''Miner:''' (He looks exhausted.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Differences between voice-overs and their official transcription:
** When Kun Jun has the line "Oh! I see more rocks over there. You should all get some rest, I'm going to walk awhile &mdash; perhaps there are more memories to uncover." his voice-over is "Oh! I see more rocks over there. You should all get some rest, I'm going to scan the surroundings &mdash; perhaps there are more memories to uncover."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shifting Earth and Lost Threads Come to Light
|zhs     = 易地则明，失线则弗
|zhs_rm  = Yì dì zé míng, shī xiàn zé fú
|zht     = 易地則明，失線則弗
|zht_rm  = Yì dì zé míng, shī xiàn zé fú
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 明るみに出た手がかり
|ja_rm   = Akarumi ni Deta Te ga Kari
|ja_tl   = A Clue Which Came Into Bright Place
|ko      = 단서를 따라서
|ko_rm   = Danseo-reul Ttara
|ko_tl   = Following the Clues
|es      = Los cabos sueltos salen a la luz
|es_tl   = The Loose Ends Come to Light
|fr      = Changement de point de vue
|fr_tl   = Change of Point of View
|ru      = По следу забытья
|ru_tl   = By Trace of Unconsciousness
|th      = เส้นทางที่เลือนราง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Truy tìm dấu tích
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Erdverschiebung und verlorene Fäden kommen ans Licht
|de_tl   = Shifting Earth and Lost Strings Come to Light
|id      = Hilang Arah, Namun Tiba di Tujuan
|id_tl   = Lost the Way, But Arrived at the End
|pt      = A Mudança Leva à Clareza
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Toprak Yer Değiştiriyor ve Kaybolan İpuçları Ortaya Çıkıyor
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La terra si muove e rivela ciò che è perduto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}