{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Shikanoin Heizou
|id             = 368151
|image          = Character Shikanoin Heizou Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Shikanoin Heizou''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let me think...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My intuition says...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The keywords...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The truth...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Vacation...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} ...A new case?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Partner...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo heizou mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well hello there, my dear partner. How have you been?
:{{A|vo heizou mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Remember, if you ever find yourself caught up in some strange case, just notify me immediately.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, thanks for looking out for me.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But no need to worry, I'd say the peace and quiet you have here makes it an even better vacation spot than Watatsumi Island.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Too bad there are no cases to crack, though... It's almost too serene. Lacks a little intrigue.
::{{DIcon}} I'm sorry about that...
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh &mdash; no no, that's my problem. Gah, look at me, making you feel bad...
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' ...Hey, I have an idea! I think it'll give me a chance to redeem myself and serve as something fun to do.
::{{DIcon}} Is there anything I can do for you?
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh? Well, I guess there is one thing.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's play a little game of mine!
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Here's how it works: After you return here each day, I'll try to guess what you did that day, what you ate... even who you saw.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' If I win, you'll think of something to do for me. But, if I lose, then I'll treat you to the best Kushikatsu place I know. How's that sound?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure, of course! I've actually been waiting to give you a taste of the old Heizou treatment.
::{{DIcon}} Wait... a taste of what now?
::{{DIcon}} Is that a dressing down... or a beatdown?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, no no no no, you've got it all wrong. You see, I've been hanging around here for a while now.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And whether it's from the more obvious details like the style and arrangement of your space, or the more subtle details like the type of decorations you've set out... Just by looking around, I've already gathered a lot of info about you.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I have deduced that not all the arrangements here is based on your personal taste, no... on the contrary, some of it is intentionally done with visiting friends in mind.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As for what led me to this conclusion...
::{{DIcon}} Amazing! You really are quite the detective.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 06a.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh? Using a compliment to change the subject, are we?
::{{DIcon}} I want to gather info about you, too!
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 06b.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh? Trying to change the subject, are we?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It appears you have some secrets that you'd prefer to leave unspoken.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' In that case, let me start by telling you about myself. Now, where to begin...
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You've already heard about who I am and who my connections are. And I'm sure you know my general likes and dislikes after all this time together...
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As for my family background, I'm guessing you're not too interested in that...
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ah, how about this! I'll tell you my weakness.
::{{DIcon}} Do you even have a weakness?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You betcha. Don't let my usual rational appearance fool you. It turns out that I'm easily swayed by emotion.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' People have this real... glow about them when they're doing something they believe in, you know? They stand out in the world, like Flaming Flowers. And they make it a brighter place.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's why I strive to keep those people safe from anyone looking to take advantage. Call me crazy, but when I see something beautiful, I wanna keep it that way.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' By the way, you've got that spark in you too. It's hit me a few times in our time together, I could genuinely feel it.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Shh! That's my weakness, okay? So be sure to keep this one top-secret.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I was just about to head out for a bit. Care to join me, my dear partner?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But the trip might be a little inconvenient. First, we'll have to go into town and buy a few things we'll need. After that, we'll head out of town for a while, and we'll likely need to return to the Police Station again before the day's through...
::{{DIcon}} Are you going to arrest a criminal?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Excellent question! But naturally, the answer is no. I'll leave that task of apprehending criminals to colleagues who specialize in that kind of thing.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Actually, I was thinking of visiting the relatives of some convicted criminals. Some of them are elderly folks, some of them are just kids.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It was my conclusive evidence that landed their relatives in prison. If it wasn't for me, then they wouldn't be left all on their own now...
::{{DIcon}} You shouldn't feel guilty about that...
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, don't worry. I know very well that the criminal is the one who should feel guilty.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Catching the culprit is what Detective Heizou is all about.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 06a 3.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But when it comes to regrets... *sigh* I only regret that I couldn't stop the tragedy by nipping the crime in the bud.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 06a 4.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' For now, while the criminals are serving their time at correctional facilities, I'll help look after their families.
::{{DIcon}} Wow, you really care a lot for them...
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 06b 1.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yes. Of course, it's Detective Heizou's duty to establish the truth.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 06b 2.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But once the case is solved, the criminal's family are the ones who will face public ridicule and discrimination.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 06b 3.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Of course, it's my hope that they can move on from the events of the case sooner rather than later and just continue on with their lives.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' After all, speaking just as plain old Heizou here, I'm a firm believer in helping those in need and being kind to other people.
::{{DIcon}} So you're gonna go pay them a visit with some gifts?
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 08a 1.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh no, that wouldn't work out well. Tensions tend to rise the moment they see my face. There's a chance they would even start throwing punches at me.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 08a 2.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You see, my intention is to just show them some care, so it's better not to reopen any old wounds.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 08a 3.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Better if I just leave the items with a letter on their doorstep.
::{{DIcon}} Or were you just gonna leave the stuff on their doorstep?
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 08b 1.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, as my partner, I knew you'd catch on. You're already thinking a step ahead before I've explained anything.
:::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 08b 2.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' With the way we understand each other, it'd be waste of time to elaborate.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Anyway, we'll leave once you're ready.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' My intuition tells me that with you coming along, this will be the smoothest and most enjoyable trip yet.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Heizou!
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Morning, (Traveler)! Sleep well? Did you have any dreams? If so, what did you see?
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe... seriously, if you've got a moment, I'd love to hear all the details.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Goodnight, Heizou.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You look pretty worn out, get some sleep! It can be dangerous not getting enough rest, you know.
::{{A|vo heizou mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' *yawn* Uh-oh, seems you're not the only one, I'm feeling a little tired now myself.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Wakeful Spring===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq heizou fiesta 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Aha, an open-air hot spring! Hmm, judging from the amount of steam, I can reasonably infer that the water is perfect.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq heizou fiesta 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' When I'm soaking in a hot spring, my inspiration soars like steam rising from the hot water.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq heizou fiesta 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I gotta say, this is fantastic. Seems you really know how to live it up.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Eternal Domain of Fleeting Dreams===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq heizou courtyard 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Wow, the layout and style here really are something! All that's missing is some special lighting...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq heizou courtyard 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But the room really has a certain intrigue to it. Imagine: "poof," the lights go out... "Bang! Bang! Bang!" A knock at the door, suddenly the wardrobe starts creaking... Then you hear a faint, raspy voice coming from beneath the bed...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq heizou courtyard 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, it'd be a great setting for a murder mystery party, don't ya think?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Хэйдзо/Компаньон]]