{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Story Quest Shimmering Memories.png
|id            = 14015
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Rosa Multiflora Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Braving the Tides Together
|character     = Navia
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   =
* Complete ''[[Masquerade of the Guilty]]''
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|characters    = Colter; Florent; Leslie; Navia; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|prev          = 
|next          = Lost and Inherited
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*600;Mora*44,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Shimmering Memories''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Braving the Tides Together}}.

<!--
==Start Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s start location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Steps==
# Go to the Court of Fontaine
# Go to Navia's boat
# Go to Poisson via boat
# Enter Poisson
# Talk to Colter
# Relax with Colter as you head to the Court of Fontaine
# Give the Wheat and Sweet Flower to Navia
# Talk to Navia

==Gameplay Notes==
* If the player takes too long to proceed with the dialogue during the boat ride to Poisson, it will proceed automatically on its own, even if the player has not turned the "Auto" option for dialogue.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|One day, you are stopped by a familiar voice while in the Court of Fontaine...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, if it isn't my dear partners!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That voice... It's Navia!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, I didn't expect to run into you guys here today. Are you headed somewhere?
:{{DIcon}} Just getting our daily dose of adventuring in.
:{{DIcon}} No plans in particular.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about you, Navia? Are you still busy rebuilding Poisson?
;({{Cx}})
::{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, there are still tons of issues to fix. It certainly hasn't been easy.
;({{Cx}})
::{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Heh, we've wrapped up most of the rebuilding, but there are still a few things left to take care of.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Stocking up on materials, confirming construction timelines, discussing compensation terms with families affected by the disaster... Between all of that, I've been making a lot of trips between the Court and Poisson.
:{{DIcon}} Wasn't Spina di Rosula affected, too?
:{{DIcon}} Should you really be the ones offering compensation?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, though the victims have received relief payments from the Court, in my opinion, as the administrators of Poisson, Spina di Rosula should take some responsibility as well.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Our financial situation right now isn't the best, so all we've been doing is signing agreements for the damages to be repaid at a later date.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Though just pieces of paper now, they demonstrate our commitment. They're necessary to restore the people's faith in us.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, spoken like a true President... You are a really responsible leader! That must be taking up most of your time though, right?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, you bet. Between that and all the other errands I have to run at the Court, I'm always forgetting one thing or another.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So before I came over this time, I took a page from [[Melus]]' book and decided to make a list of everything. This way, it's easy to see which tasks you haven't checked off.
:{{DIcon}} And then...?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And then... Since Melus loved using shorthand, I decided to also follow his example, and come up with some shorthand of my own.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But after running a few errands in the city, I'm kind of struggling to even read my own handwriting anymore, hehe...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That does sound like you all right... So what kind of shorthand did you use?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Want to take a look?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... Wait, there's nothing here but a bunch of weird symbols!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This looks like... a piece of kelp wrapped around a stick? And this other one... Um, is it supposed to be a boar in a box?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... The first one has to do with confirming the final payment amount for the fishermen, while the second one is a reminder to try the new burger that just hit the market!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon can definitely see how you might forget what each of these means!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe just use standardized shorthand symbols next time?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe just write out each item next time?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, thank you for your advice. These are the kinds of things you only really figure out once you've tried them out yourself.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I thought that as long as I understood my shorthand when I came up with it, I'd be sure to remember the symbols when I looked at them later. Unfortunately, I've definitely proven myself wrong...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, now you know for next time!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Anyway, I should have already taken care of most of the things on the list. There are still a few symbols that I can't decipher, but... I don't think they're anything too super important.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Worse comes to worst, I'll just make another trip.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so you're going to head back now?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yep, that's the plan. Oh, actually, since we talked about the reconstruction earlier, wanna come with me and check out the town for yourself?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 22.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You said you don't have any plans, right? So we can just catch a boat and head over. It won't take long at all.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, it's a bit sudden... But Paimon doesn't see why not! What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I'd be interested in taking a look.
:{{DIcon}} It would be a pretty nice break, too.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 23.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Then let's go. We'll take a boat over.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean the aquabus, right? Like the Clementine Line!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 24.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, sorry, I meant our own boat. The aquabus doesn't have a station near Poisson, so we'll use one of the Spina's boats.
:{{DIcon}} {{color|help|Sure, sounds good to me.}}
::{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 25a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, follow me. I'll take you there.
:{{DIcon}} I've still got something to do, so why don't you head over there first?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 1 navia 25b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, sure, that sounds fine to me. Just so happens I wanted to check some of the equipment on the boat as well. Just find me by the water when you're ready!
----
{{Quest Description|update|One day, you are stopped by a familiar voice at the Court of Fontaine. As it turns out, it's Navia, still busy with the reconstruction of Poisson. At her invitation, you decide to go to Poisson to check the present situation out.}}
;(Arrive at the boat)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The engineer is still doing a few routine safety checks. We can head out as soon as we get the green light!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Paimon has always wanted to ask... The three aquabus lines are all named after people in your family, right?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, that's right. Callas and Navia are self-explanatory, while Clementine was the name that my mother went by.
:{{DIcon}} Spina di Rosula was one of the main sponsors for the construction, right?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you provided the Mora to build the lines, then why isn't there even a dedicated line to Poisson?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Spina di Rosula built all the lines, yet you still have to take a special boat just to go home... Paimon doesn't get it.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, what I heard is that most of our businesses don't actually use Poisson as a hub, so there was no real reason to build a line straight to Poisson.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You are right that it is a bit strange, though. If you've already committed to build three lines, why not just add a fourth?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's what Paimon's saying! The aquabus is so convenient, it's really a huge shame.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, it is what it is. You know what my father was like &mdash; even I often struggled to figure out what was going on in his head.
:{{DIcon}} Well, something that big also wouldn't have been just his call.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps the rest of the Spina didn't see a point to having a fourth line?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, but that would only be the case if he cared about what others thought. My father was always really stubborn. Once he made up his mind, good luck getting him to change it.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' From what I've heard, the rights of all the other members of the Spina only went as far as giving him advice or suggestions, and no further. That included my mother, too.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Well, that explains why you weren't on the greatest of terms with him.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, because I wouldn't just let him keep getting his way! He was just... *sigh* not very agreeable.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 leslie 01.ogg}} '''Leslie:''' Boss, the boat's ready! We can head out.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 2 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, then let's head out!
----
;(While on the boat)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It'll be a while before we get to Poisson. Let's keep talking.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, Navia, what was your mother like as a person?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon's sorry, she totally forgot that you mentioned before that she passed away during childbirth, so you probably don't remember her at all...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, that's alright! I've heard many stories about her from the rest of the Spina. They've always said that they were sure we would have gotten along famously.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' While my papa was stiff like a board, my mother was supposedly super cheerful and funny. Their complementary personalities allowed them to make up for each other's flaws.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My father would run the businesses and expand our reach, while my mother would keep the peace and make sure that everyone was happy. Their work made sure that the Spina could grow and thrive.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like they were not just a well-matched couple, but fantastic business partners as well!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, but those are just stories and anecdotes after all. It's hard for me to piece together a more complete or intimate picture of her.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But sometimes, I'd still look at the Clementine Line and wonder... Would the Spina and Poisson still be what they are today, had my mother survived?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Silver once said that a name is a kind of inscription &mdash; a way to etch a memory into the world. When given a name, a cold, inanimate object can gain a completely new meaning.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So, I will always associate the Line with her in my heart.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Over the past few weeks, I've also begun to appreciate how water can take in and hold our most intense feelings and memories, as well as how one may reflect on their past by watching the sea.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I've lost many beloved people and memories to the sea. Even though I cannot stop for them, and must continue to keep moving...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The fact won't change that they existed in my life, and gave me the reason and motivation to move forward.
:{{DIcon}} Do you miss them?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 12a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Always, but no matter what, we can't change the past.
:{{DIcon}} Missing Melus and [[Silver]]?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 12b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Of course. I still haven't really gotten used to a life without them...
;(Ignoring both options)
::{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 12a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Always, but no matter what, we can't change the past.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But I tell myself that I need to keep looking towards the future. Everyone, even my parents, have all already overcome so many obstacles.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Besides, I'm the President of Spina di Rosula. I've got to keep my chin up.
----
;(Arriving at Poisson)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We've reached the shore. Let's go &mdash; I'll show you the new Poisson.
:{{Color|menu|Navia leaves the boat first. Watching her, Paimon whispers to you...}}
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia... Do you think she's doing alright?
:{{DIcon}} She seems to be managing.
:{{DIcon}} She's always been having to cope with one thing or another.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon supposes you're right... She's really been through a lot. It couldn't have been easy, shouldering so much by herself...

;(Talk to Florent in Poisson)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 01.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Boss, you're back! {{Traveler}} and Paimon, welcome back to Poisson.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh hey! Fancy seeing you again, Florent! Is it your turn to take care of Navia now?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, I can totally take care of myself! For the time being, I'll go around without any attendants.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We did hand over some of Melus' old responsibilities to Florent, though. It's been really nice to have him around to help out.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 02.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Thank you for the compliment, Boss.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 03.ogg}} '''Florent:''' As you see, I've been working closely with the Boss on rebuilding Poisson.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 04.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Mr. Melus was an extremely capable and respected member of the Spina. I've got some really big shoes to fill.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, alright, there's no need to be so formal. Everyone's practically old friends by now.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Were you waiting here for me? Did we manage to make any progress on the statue?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 05.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Yeah, we contacted a sculptor about the job, but they can't get started on sourcing a correctly sized block without knowing the design that we want to use first.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're commissioning a statue?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah, so basically, we've been meaning to commission a statue of my parents in commemoration of everything they've done for the Spina and the town of Poisson.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But since my father was known as "Callas the Unfaithful" for the longest time, it would have been too controversial to commission a statue of him.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But now that his name has been cleared, and the town is also being rebuilt, I thought this would be the perfect chance to actually realize this dream.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 06.ogg}} '''Florent:''' The funds to build the statue were freely donated by the people of Poisson, to show their appreciation for Ms. Clementine and Mr. Callas and everything they did.
:{{DIcon}} Shouldn't Navia be featured with them, too?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Me? I'm just the newbie President that's running around and causing everyone trouble.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Maybe we can have this conversation again in a few decades, once I've done more for the town and the people.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, there's no need to be so humble! Didn't you just help save the entire country?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 07.ogg}} '''Florent:''' I agree wholeheartedly. I also believe that Boss should have a place on the statue.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, if you keep inflating my ego like this, I might just float off into the sky with my parasol.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, just kidding! There's no way that I'd accept that kind of compliment at face value. At a minimum, I'd have to match what my father did for the people.
:{{DIcon}} Well, if that's what you think...
:{{DIcon}} I think it'll just be a matter of time.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, thanks for the vote of confidence! I just don't think I'm ready yet.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Anyway, Florent, now it's up to us to confirm the final design, right?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 08.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Mhm. We can ask the sculptor to start looking for a good block once we've decided on the poses for Ms. Clementine and Mr. Callas.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 09.ogg}} '''Florent:''' But we haven't had any real discussions yet on the possible designs. I feel like I should get a few promising designs first, and then send them over to you to review...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Eh, there's no need for all that. Let's decide on a design right now!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}, come over here with me.
:{{DIcon}} Me?
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Modeling a few poses, of course! Here, just pretend to be Callas, and I'll be Clementine.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's, um...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 17a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 17b.ogg}}--> '''Navia:''' Didn't you say on the boat that Callas and Clementine sounded like great partners? Well, then there's no one better to fill this role than my most valuable partner!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Florent, let's grab some reference shots!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 10.ogg}} '''Florent:''' You've got it, Boss. I'll go get the Kamera.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, what do you think? Got any ideas?
:{{DIcon}} Uhh, shouldn't you be running this show?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, I've actually discussed it a bit with Florent before, but I could never come up with any fresh or original ideas... It's probably because my idea of them is already kind of set in stone.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So I want to pick your brain for a bit, and see if you can come up with some new and interesting ideas.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 11.ogg}} '''Florent:''' I'm all good here, Boss. Feel free to start posing whenever.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, then let's try for something... imposing.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 22a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Imposing, huh... Oh, I've got it! Let's try this!
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 12a 1.ogg}} '''Florent:''' This pose... It makes me recall Spina di Rosula's glorious golden age.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But isn't Clementine's pose a bit too... bold and heroic? Was she really that kind of person?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we were to stick with this pose, maybe people would wonder if she was actually the real boss behind the scenes.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 12a 2.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Well, tabloids did indeed speculate as much back in the day. But the Spina pulled a few strings, and made both the report and the journalist disappear...
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon was just kidding! Please don't make Paimon disappear!
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 22a 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, what Florent meant was that we asked the journalist to choose a new alias.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 22a 3.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You're right, though, that this may not accurately represent the image of her in our hearts. Let's try to come up with something else.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection with this option removed)
:{{DIcon}} Okay, then let's try... looking out into the distance.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 22b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah, by that... do you mean as if we were standing on a boat and looking out at the sea? Sure, let's give that a try!
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, you really remind Paimon of a captain and their first mate!
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Look over there, my dear Clementine. As you can see, every tree on that island is dripping with Mora fruit."
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 12b 1.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Hmm... But there's something off with the composition. This pose makes Mr. Callas look too tall next to the lady.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 22b 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, I see what you mean. Then let's swap.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon is a fan! A statue like this would look fantastic on a boat.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 22b 3.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait, but we can't do that. Very few people would see the statue if we were to put it on a boat. This statue is meant to be placed in the town.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 12b 2.ogg}} '''Florent:''' But then, since we're putting it in the town, the whole point of the pose would be lost.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay... We'll try to think of something else...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection with this option removed)
:{{DIcon}} Okay, then why don't we just strike a happy pose?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 22c 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' A... happy pose? You mean, something like... we were laughing together at a funny joke?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 12c 1.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Huh, would all that be able to come through with just a picture?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Would we even be able to tell what they're supposed to be laughing about?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 12c 2.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Yeah, and that'd probably be a massive pain to sculpt as well...
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05c 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hm, could one of you try striking a pose like you're talking, while the other one laughs?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 05c 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Er, that actually sounds pretty hard to pull off. Forget it, let's try something else.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection with this option removed)

;(After choosing every option)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, we tried a bunch of different ideas, but none of them felt right. Paimon's all out of brain juice, now, too...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 23.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, don't worry, we still got a lot of reference shots out of the session, and each of them can be considered to be a souvenir in their own right. Let's just keep the ideas we tried as backups.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 24.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Man, if I knew I was going to do a photoshoot with {{Traveler}}, I would have prepared a lot of outfits and props ahead of time...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 25.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, outfits... Ah! That's the errand I forgot back in the city! Do either of you still remember that girl? The girl I went to see with you two. Her name is [[Adele]].
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon remembers her! She was the one that we met while investigating Mr. Callas' case, right?
:{{DIcon}} She always believed that her father, [[Jacques]], was a good person.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 26.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yes, that's exactly who I'm talking about! So, after the case, she was finally willing to talk to me, and she told me that she wanted to join the Spina too.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 27.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I said that it's fine, but young children are not allowed to join the Spina. She will just have to wait a few years, and then we'll welcome her with open arms. Since she's still a child, though, she thought I was just trying to let her down gently...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 28.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But how could I get her to believe that I meant what I said? In the end, I came up with an idea. I'd have a Spina uniform made, and give it to her as a gift.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 29.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But I got so busy and distracted in the city that I forgot to pick the uniform up... Ugh, so I did forget something important after all.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 13.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Don't worry, Boss. I can send someone to pick it up right away.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 30.ogg}} '''Navia:''' On the matter of the statue, we should still come up with a few more ideas for the design. I'll have to trouble you to source some for me.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We could have just done that from the start...
:{{DIcon}} Hey, at least this way, we got some cool pictures.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right... They'll have some value as souvenirs, at least.

;(Colter approaches as the Traveler, Paimon, Navia, and Florent are conversing)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Navia, Florent! Guess who's back!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 14.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Huh!? But aren't you supposed to...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 31.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, well if it isn't Colter! Back already from the Fortress of Meropide?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 02.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Hahaha, that's right! I've finally finished serving my time. Gotta say, turns out I was a lot tougher than I thought!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 03.ogg}} '''Colter:''' After I got out, I immediately made a beeline back to Poisson. You could say that familiar briny smell became a primal call, urging me to forget everything else and just come back home.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 04.ogg}} '''Colter:''' You wouldn't believe how much I've missed Melissa's Grilled Fish &mdash; I dreamed about it every time I had to get a Welfare Meal down there underneath the sea!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 15.ogg}} '''Florent:''' It's good to have you back, Colter. You look as well as ever.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And this guy is...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 32.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah, let me introduce you. This is Colter, another of Spina di Rosula's members. He was found guilty and sentenced to the Fortress of Meropide some time ago.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 33.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But looking at it now, it was probably another one of [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]]'s plots while he worked at the [[Confrerie of Cabriere]].
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 05.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Wait, wait, Mr. Marcel? What do you mean, he was involved in some sort of plot?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 16.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Have you not heard anything at all about the "Water from the Primordial Sea" case?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 06.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Well, I know that Fontaine got flooded, but then the water levels miraculously receded. I thought that was all there was to it, and didn't care to ask for any more details. Do you mean... Mr. Marcel was somehow involved with all of that?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 34.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Looks like we'll have to explain everything from the top. That case... A lot of things have happened in Poisson since then.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 35a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 35b.ogg}}--> '''Navia:''' First things first, let me introduce you to these two. They're my most trusted partners, and they've been with me through thick and thin. Now, you could call them Spina di Rosula's VIP helpers.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 07.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Oh, nice to meet you! I don't recall Navia ever generously complimenting anyone like that before, so you must be pretty amazing to get that from her!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, yeah, we are indeed pretty amazing, but we've been cool since before we even met her!
:{{DIcon}} We just followed Navia's lead.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 36a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Humble again as always, I see, even when I was totally sincere with my praise.
:{{DIcon}} All credit to Paimon.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 12b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, now you suddenly resist taking a dig at Paimon?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 08.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Nice, nice. Spina di Rosula always seems to attract great people.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 09.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Oh, that reminds me &mdash; where are Melus and Silver? Aren't they always by your side?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 37.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Um... About that...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 17.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Colter, a lot of things happened while you were gone. As you can see, even Poisson isn't quite the same as... how it was before you left.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 38.ogg}} '''Navia:''' They lost their lives keeping me safe during the flood.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 10.ogg}} '''Colter:''' ...What did you say?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 11.ogg}} '''Colter:''' This isn't some kind of morbid welcome-home prank, right? You're just scaring me on purpose, because I don't know anything about what's happened...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 39.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm sorry, but it's the truth. They weren't the only people we lost, either. Many others, including [[Melissa]], also lost their lives in the disaster.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 12.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Melus, and Melissa... Dead? They're just... gone?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 13.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Melus... I was planning to give him a surprise gift once I ran into him again in town. Ah, I can't believe it...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Hey, keep it together...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 florent 18.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Melus and Colter were friends for many years, and even served on many missions together during the early days of the Spina. I can understand how he feels.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 navia 40.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Let's sit down somewhere, so I can tell you everything that has happened while you were gone. Fair warning, there was... a lot.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 4 colter 14.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I... Okay.

;(Speak to Colter at the large ship in Poisson)
:{{Black Screen|Navia explains everything that has happened recently to Colter.}}
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' All of this... It's unbelievable... I can't believe that those stories were real, it all really happened. Has the world gone mad?
:{{DIcon}} Had I not personally experienced all those events...
:{{DIcon}} I would also have found them very difficult to accept.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I think you and I both feel the same way about the profound tragedy of Melus's loss, and... the sheer depravity of Marcel's actions.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 02.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I thought Mr. Marcel would always stand by the Spina... Everything he had, the Spina gave to him.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 03.ogg}} '''Colter:''' It's unconscionable to have received all that, and yet still plot to kidnap and dissolve you for his insane research.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 01.ogg}} '''Florent:''' The good news is that the Confrerie of Cabriere is no more. Gone with them, too, is the entire Sinthe manufacturing and distribution network.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 02.ogg}} '''Florent:''' We've finally closed the curtain on that long struggle.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 04.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Are you sure? But if Marcel wanted to rebel against us, he probably sent word in secret to [[Romeuf]].
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Romewho?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Not a name I've heard before, either.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 05.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Florent should remember him. You see, there was once a major internal dispute regarding funding the construction of the aquabus lines.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 06.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Romeuf was the leader of the faction that thought such a vast sum of Mora would be better spent improving the town of Poisson.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 07.ogg}} '''Colter:''' But Mr. Callas believed that an opportunity to collaborate with the Court of Fontaine and the Fontaine Research Institute was hard to come by, and would allow us to build many valuable relationships.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 08.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Not only would the aquabus be a good business investment, it would also boost our reputation among the general populace, eventually paying us massive dividends down the line.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 09.ogg}} '''Colter:''' But the two couldn't come to an agreement. Romeuf ended up taking a lot of people with him when he left Spina di Rosula altogether, and the split was on extremely bad terms.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ugh, and with Papa's stubbornness, I can definitely imagine how it must have gone down...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 03.ogg}} '''Florent:''' And, of course, when he was suffering the slings and arrows of outrageous injustice...Those "relationships" that he spent a fortune to build didn't help in the least.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 10.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Yeah... You could say it was the price he paid for sticking to his beliefs.
:{{DIcon}} That couldn't have been the first time a dispute like that happened, right?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's a good point! If Callas was really as stubborn as you say, then wouldn't he have argued with the rank and file all the time?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 11.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Oh yeah, it eventually became a thing that just happened on every day that ended with "y." But, Navia... I mean, Boss, you might not know this, but he wasn't always like that.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 12.ogg}} '''Colter:''' He used to be a lot better with taking counsel. With him listening to our advice, and Ms. Clementine also frequently on our side, it was pretty smooth sailing for a good many years.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 13.ogg}} '''Colter:''' But on the matter of the aquabus, even Ms. Clementine completely stood by Mr. Callas' side.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh, I never knew... But from my perspective, Romeuf's position had a lot going for it. Couldn't they have sat down and talked it out?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 04.ogg}} '''Florent:''' I think the aquabus was just the straw that broke the camel's back. On that topic, they eventually came to a rather... radical conclusion.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 05.ogg}} '''Florent:''' They believed that... Ms. Clementine lost her ability to serve as an impartial mediator when she became pregnant with Callas' child.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So... they thought she had betrayed them?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But that doesn't make any sense. Before she was their mediator, my mother was also her own person and a member of the Spina. She should have the right to take any side she wished.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 14.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Yeah, but to them, even taking a side was betrayal enough. They felt like their voices could no longer be heard once their sole mediator had gone over to the other side.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 15.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Of course, Ms. Clementine then passed away, and Mr. Callas began to regard the completion of the aquabus project as her final wish. With that, the last hope of reconciliation was gone.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's what happened...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 06.ogg}} '''Florent:''' From that point on, Romeuf and his people cut ties with the Spina, and never gave us any kind of professional or personal courtesy ever again.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 07.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Perhaps they've regarded us as enemies ever since they left. But even so, there is still no proof that they ever acted in concert with Marcel.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 16.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I've also heard that they aren't in a good financial position, so they've been lying low for a while. But as long as they exist, they'll continue to be a threat.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I think Colter's got a point. Both Marcel and Romeuf had my father in their sights for a very long time.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Even though Marcel's faction has been dissolved, we still don't know anything about Romeuf's whereabouts. If they're still trying to get revenge on us...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...With how distracted and vulnerable we are, now would be the best time.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 florent 08.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Good thinking, Boss. We should keep an eye on them at all times. I'll let my men know right away.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Mhm, thank you for that, Florent. And Colter, thank you for telling me about this as well.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 17.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Don't worry, it's nothing. Do you have a moment right now? How about we go out for a walk?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 18.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I've heard so many incredulous things today... I'm finding it a bit hard to calm down, even now. I mean, to think that I'll just... never see them again...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' In that case, why don't we go back to the Court? I can pick up Adele's uniform while we're there as well. It'll save Florent's guys a trip.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Want to come with me again, you two? You don't mind, do you, Colter?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 19.ogg}} '''Colter:''' O&mdash;Oh, of course, that's fine by me.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then let's go! Paimon feels like a lot's hinging on this visit.
:{{DIcon}} We want to see Adele cheer up.
:{{DIcon}} We want to see the future star of the Spina.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, we really are the best of partners. Come on, let's go.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Melus's dear friend Colter grieves over the disaster that has befallen Poisson. As it happens, Navia also wishes to return to the Court of Fontaine, and so you all set off for a short, relaxing trip.}}
;(Leaving Poisson)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we not taking the boat this time?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's nice to walk from time to time, isn't it? Think of it as something like a hiking trip.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Once we're there, we can stay a few days before we return.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 5 colter 20.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Sounds good... I haven't walked this road in a long time.

;(After walking for some time)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, we've walked far enough for now. Let's take a break!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Since we're out for a walk, we shouldn't stress too much about the destination.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Hehe, I've grown old, so I'm not as fit as before. It's a good thing that at least my work down in the Fortress was quite the workout.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon thinks you're doing great! We didn't have to slow down for you at all.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 colter 02.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Back in the days before the aquabus lines were built, we often had to hike north with our goods, then catch a boat to the Court.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 colter 03.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Melus and I must have traveled this way hundreds of times. When we were tired, we would lay down for a while on the grass, and when we were hungry, we'd catch a fish or two.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 colter 04.ogg}} '''Colter:''' The Spina was still on the rise back then. Mr. Callas was generous, and everyone had the chance to strike it rich. So of course, we all worked really hard.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 colter 05.ogg}} '''Colter:''' And now, in the blink of an eye, the aquabus lines have been built, and this road has fallen into disuse.
:{{DIcon}} I don't really think that's a bad thing, though.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 colter 06.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Oh, I know. I was just being a little nostalgic.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Then let's stay here a bit longer. Anyone want snacks?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Is this another chance to try some of Navia's macarons? Paimon's been dreaming of them!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, yep! I figured you wouldn't say no to a few more.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, wait, let me check if I have all the ingredients... *sigh* Melus and Silver used to take care of tasks like this.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Okay, the stove's looking good, and as for the ingredients...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...Seems like we're all out of flour and sugar. The two most important ingredients of all.
:{{DIcon}} Should I go get some?
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, would you? But it would be too much to ask you to go on a trip just for those...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo nvlq001 6 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should contribute to making the macarons, too! Don't worry, we cook out in the wild all the time, so {{MC|m=he|f=she}} should have some stuff on hand.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, that's great! Then I'll leave the ingredient gathering to you. As long as we have some sweet flowers and wheat, I can start the baking.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 colter 07.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Then I'll go look for some boxes nearby, for a makeshift table and chairs.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 6 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Great, then I'll prep the stove. Let's get to work, everyone!

;(Talk to Navia)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 7 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' How did it go? Did you find the ingredients?
:;(Opens item submit menu)

;(After submitting one [[Sweet Flower]] and one [[Wheat]])
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You've all done your part! Just leave the rest to me.
:{{Color|menu|Navia bakes a batch of macarons with her usual gusto.}}
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, these macarons look and taste macanificent! Your cooking is as good as ever, Navia!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 colter 01.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Boss's baking skills have always been famous. Everyone in the Spina knows how exceptionally talented she is.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, it's just a hobby. There's no need to praise me for it like that.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 colter 02.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Have you two seriously never considered joining us? You're so close to the Boss, and she obviously trusts you with all her heart, so...
:{{DIcon}} There are still some important things we must do.
::{{A|vo nvlq001 8 colter 03a 1.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I see... Is that why you have to always stay on the road?
:{{DIcon}} You really wanna poach me from the Adventurers' Guild, huh?
::{{A|vo nvlq001 8 colter 03b 1.ogg}} '''Colter:''' Hahaha, was it that obvious? I just thought you would be a great fit, that's all.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 03b.ogg}}--> '''Navia:''' Haha, you just happened to walk in on our little reunion. It's actually been quite a while since we last spent time together.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 04b.ogg}}--> '''Navia:''' Adventurers never stay in one place for long. The name of Spina di Rosula would just tie them down.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Besides, after everything we've been through together, I'm sure our hearts would remain intertwined even if we found ourselves on opposite sides of the world!
:{{DIcon}} Navia's right.
:{{DIcon}} That's certainly one way of putting it...
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even if Paimon was far beyond the horizon, she'd still remember the delicious taste of Navia's macarons!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 colter 04.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I understand now. Then I am very lucky indeed to have been graced with the chance to meet the two of you.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 colter 05.ogg}} '''Colter:''' I will endeavor to make the most of this short yet fortuitous encounter, and enjoy every moment we spend together.
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We've got no wine with us, but let's still toast with water! In celebration of this moment!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Huh?)
:{{Color|menu|You notice something strange and have a look around...}}
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I thought I heard something just now. Was it just some small critter?)
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cheers! Hey, what are you doing? Quick, join in on the toast!
:{{DIcon}} Cheers!
:{{A|vo nvlq001 8 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' May your travels go smoothly, may the Spina continue to grow, and may our friendship last until the end of time!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks ==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Shimmering Memories
|zhs      = 波光粼粼的回忆
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 波光粼粼的回憶
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = Shimmering Memories
|ja       = きらめく波のような思い出
|ja_rm    = Kirameku Nami no You-na Omoide
|ja_tl    = Memories Like Shining Waves
|ko       = 반짝이는 물결의 추억
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Recuerdos cristalinos
|es_tl    = Crystalline Memories
|fr       = Souvenirs chatoyants
|fr_tl    = Shimmering Memories
|ru       = Сияющие воспоминания
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ความทรงจำทอประกาย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ký Ức Rực Rỡ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Schimmernde Erinnerungen
|de_tl    = Shimmering Memories
|id       = Kilau Kenangan
|id_tl    = Shining Memories
|pt       = Memórias Reluzentes
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Silinmeyen Hatıralar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Memorie baluginanti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}