{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Open-World NPC
|deceased         = Killed by Traveler in [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]
|image            = Enemy Nobushi - Kikouban.png
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|title            = Disciple
|title2           = Iwakura Art Shoden
|affiliation      = Iwakura Clan
}}
'''Shimada Shichirouji''' {{Lang|ja=島田七郎治}} is a special enemy found in [[Fort Mumei]], [[Inazuma]]. He is one of the [[Iwakura Art]] disciples that can be fought and killed while exploring the region.

He appears as a [[Nobushi: Kikouban]] and guards a [[Precious Chest]].

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Shichirouji has been a member of the [[Iwakura Clan]] since [[Eiin]] was the clan head. He was apparently never particularly skilled with the blade, based on [[Iwakura Mitsunari]]'s remarks; Shichirouji remained at ''Shoden'' rank &mdash; the lowest known rank in the Iwakura Art &mdash; throughout both Nabatane and Mitsunari's tenures as clan heads.

When the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was enacted, Mitsunari had his [[Vision]] taken and decided to join the [[Shogunate]] forces.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Iwakura Mitsunari}}</ref> Many of the other clan members saw this as a betrayal of their clan's pursuit of righteousness and deserted him, choosing to fight against the Shogunate. Shichirouji went to Fort Mumei, though he apparently still retained a sense of loyalty to the Iwakura Art master; it is unclear whether he meant Nagatane or Mitsunari, however.

When the [[Traveler]] encounters him, Shichirouji attacks them for the "dishonor" they brought upon the Iwakura Art master. The Traveler is left with no choice but to kill him in self-defense. After receiving word that a Traveler has been going around killing Iwakura Clan members, two expelled members, [[Okazaki Toraemon]] and [[Yanagiha Arashi]], find his corpse and collect his sword to create a memorial.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Okazaki Toraemon}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Yanagiha Arashi}}</ref>

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon approach)
:'''Iwakura Art: Shimada Shichirouji:''' The dishonor you brought upon our master shall be cleansed by your blood!

;(Upon defeat)
:'''Iwakura Art: Shimada Shichirouji:''' The Iwakura Art... shall not be defeated...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Even if Shimada Shichirouji is the first Iwakura Art Disciple the Traveler meets and defeats, his dialogue does not change, leading to a slight continuity error, because the Traveler could not have brought dishonor to the Iwakura Clan or their Master. Even if the player is to assume Shimada Shichirouji is placing the blame of his Master fighting for the Shogunate upon the Traveler, seeing as the Traveler is visionless and therefore "immune" from the Vision Hunt Decree, his words still make no sense. Its possible he is either delirious or delusional from his time in the wild and is simply lashing out at swordsmen in general.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Shimada Shichirouji
|zhs     = 岛田七郎治
|zhs_rm  = Dǎotián Qīlángzhì
|zht     = 島田七郎治
|zht_rm  = Dǎotián Qīlángzhì
|ja      = 島田七郎治
|ja_rm   = Shimada Shichirouji
|ko      = 시마다 시치로지
|es      = Shimada Shichirouji
|fr      = Shimada Shichirouji
|ru      = Симада Ситиродзи
|th      = Shimada Shichirouji
|vi      = Shimada Shichirouji
|de      = Shimada Shichirouji
|id      = Shimada Shichirouji
|pt      = Shimada Shichirouji
|tr      = Shimada Shichirouji
|it      = Shimada Shichirouji
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Shimada Shichirouji]]