{{Terminology Infobox
|region       = Inazuma
}}
{{Lang|'''Shinryuu'''|ja=心流|ja_rm=Shinryuu}} is an Inazuman [[Martial Arts in Teyvat|martial art]] invented by [[Shousen]], featured in the [[Phantom Flow]] event. According to Shousen, in contrast to the armed combat styles of the [[Iwakura Clan|Iwakura Art]], [[Kitain Bunsou|Kitain Art]] and [[Knights of Favonius|Favonius Bladework]], Shinryuu is a technique that involves fighting against opponents recreated from one's imagination &mdash; or in his words, "exercising one's heart to hone one's combat skills." Apart from combat, Shinryuu can also be used to simulate weather, mechanisms and even [[Ley Line Disorders]].<ref name="PF:PB">{{Ref/Quest|Phantom Flow: Phantasmal Blade}}</ref>

==Story==
On his travels abroad to study the martial arts of the world, a younger Shousen visited [[Natlan]], where he witnessed the art of boxing. He noticed that the locals trained using a method they called "shadow boxing", where boxers would practice sparring by imagining their opponents' actions and reacting accordingly. Impressed by this technique, Shousen was inspired to develop Shinryuu.

At some point, [[Eiin]] of the Iwakura Clan had learned Shinryuu, and used it to challenge a human-shaped [[Electro Crystalfly]]; though he barely lasted ten seconds against it, according to Shousen, which he claims is "the mightiest creature in the world."

Due to the tangible nature of Shinryuu simulations, the art poses great danger to the practitioner; imagined weapons such as blades and muskets are able to slice one's hands and feet, or even shoot through one's body. As time went on, Shousen's students abandoned Shinryuu out of fear, and some were expelled by him due to their deemed reckless behavior.<ref name="PF:PB" />

During the ''[[Phantom Flow]]'' event, the [[Traveler]] participates in Shousen's no-holds-barred Shinryuu fighting tournament.

==Trivia==
* {{Lang|"Shinryuu"|ja=心流}} can be translated as the "School of the Heart", or more literally, "heart-flow".
** The character for ''shin'' (心) can alternatively be translated as "mind" or "spirit".
* Shinryuu may be named after various {{Lang|traditional schools of Japanese martial arts|ja=古流|ja_rm={{w|Ko-ryū|Ko-ryuu}}|ja_tl=old school}}, such as the {{Lang|{{w|Yōshin-ryū|Youshin-ryuu}} school of jujutsu|ja=楊心流|ja_tl=School of the Willow Heart}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Shinryuu
|zhs      = 心流
|zhs_rm   = Xīnliú
|zht      = 心流
|zht_rm   = Xīnliú
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 心流
|ja_rm    = Shinryuu
|ja_tl    = School of the Heart
|ko       = {{tt|심류|心流}}
|ko_rm    = Simnryu
|ko_tl    = School of the Heart
|es       = Estilo Shin
|es_tl    = Shin Style
|fr       = Shinryuu
|ru       = Синрю
|th       = Shinryuu
|vi       = Shinryuu
|de       = Shinryuu
|id       = Shinryuu
|pt       = Técnica Kokoro<!--also "Shinryuu"-->
|pt_tl    = Kokoro Technique
|pt_note  = {{Lang|''Kokoro''|ja=心|ja_lit=heart}} is the ''{{w|kun'yomi}}'' reading of ''shin'' in Shinryuu.
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}