{{Faction Infobox
|leader       = [[Ei]]
|affiliation  = [[Inazuma Shogunate]]
|base         = [[Inazuma]]
|region       = Inazuma
}}
The '''Shogun's Army''' is the army of the [[Raiden Shogun]], [[Ei]].

As a whole, the army primarily maintains peace and order throughout [[Inazuma]]. Members of the army are split up to help serve the [[Tri-Commission]] &mdash; the [[Kanjou Commission]], the [[Tenryou Commission]] and the [[Yashiro Commission]]. Those of the Tenryou Commission are the predominant fighting force of the military, whereas the Kanjou Commission focuses on border security and the Yashiro Commission's role in the army focuses on protecting shrines, festivals, and public events. There are also those who directly serve under the Shogun, rather than any commission, such as the Hatamoto and the Okuzumeshuu.

There is also an ongoing military draft. A post on the [[Inazuma Commercial Street Bulletin Board#Tenryou Notice: Military Draft Order|Commercial Street Bulletin Board]] in [[Inazuma City]] from the Tenryou Commission orders all families who've received a draft order to send at least one adult to join the military.

==Ranks==
The Shogun's army has several known ranks. The ranks of the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s military is modeled after that of the {{w|Tokugawa shogunate|Tokugawa shogunate's}} military.

* {{Lang|'''Ashigaru'''|ja=足軽|ja_rm=ashigaru|ja_tl=foot soldier}} &mdash; In Japan, the {{w|Ashigaru}} were foot soldiers who served as the infantry of army. Although low-ranked, they made up the majority of the fighting force since they were in the many and were highly trained in the use of spears. In Genshin Impact, if you attempt to leave [[Ritou]] before completing [[Chisato's Letter]], the [[Kanjou Commission Ashigaru|Ashigaru of the Kanjou Commission]] will stop you.
* {{Lang|'''Doushin'''|ja=同心|ja_rm=doushin|ja_tl=patrol officer}} &mdash; In Japan, the {{w|Edo period police#Samurai police|Doushin}} were low-level soldiers who conducted general affairs and police work. There was a hierarchy within the Doushin; low-level Doushin were given duties such as prison patrol, whereas higher ranking Doushin conducted justice, investigation, and administration for the city. The term was also sometimes used to refer to low-ranking Samurai. In Genshin Impact, many Doushin can be seen patrolling [[Inazuma City]].
* {{Lang|'''Yoriki'''|ja=与力|ja_rm=yoriki|ja_tl=assistant}} &mdash; In Japan, the {{w|Yoriki}} were middle-ranked Samurai. In military operations, they commanded the ashigaru and obeyed the orders of a hatamoto or daimyo. Among the different types of yoriki were the machikata yoriki under the machi-bugyo (town magistrate), who were in charge of police and commanded the doushin. In Genshin Impact, the Yoriki can be found patrolling Inazuma City and also on the battlefield at the [[Kujou Encampment]].
* {{Lang|'''Hatamoto'''|ja=旗本|ja_rm=hatamoto|ja_tl=guardian of the banner}} &mdash; In Japan, the {{w|Hatamoto}} were high-ranking Samurai in direct service to the Shogun. The {{Lang|gokenin|ja=御家人}} was a rank below the Hatamoto, which was very similar to the Hatamoto rank but they did not have the right to seek audience with the Shogun, unlike the ome-mie ijō Hatamoto who had this right. In Genshin Impact, there are two known Hatamotos who are both stationed at Inazuma City guarding [[Tenshukaku]].
* {{Lang|'''Okuzumeshuu'''|ja=奥詰衆|ja_rm=okudzume-shuu}} &mdash; The Okuzumeshuu are the bodyguards of the Almighty Shogun, they only take orders directly from the [[Raiden Shogun]]. In Japan, the Okuzumeshuu was a position established near the end of the Tokugawa shogunate to serve as the Shogun's guard. It was a position highly trusted by the Shogun and members of the Okuzumeshuu were typically selected from mid-level Hatamoto, but also occasionally from high-rank Hatamoto or low-rank Daimyos.
* {{Lang|'''General'''|ja=大将|ja_rm=taishou}} &mdash; The only known generals are [[Kujou Sara]] and [[Kujou Masahito]]. In the Tokugawa shogunate, there were different kinds of generals, such as the {{Lang|Ashigaru Taishou|ja=足軽大将}} (who commanded foot soldiers, ranked below Samurai Daishou), the {{Lang|Samurai Daishou|ja=侍大将}} (commanded an army, ranked above Ashigaru Taishou and below Sodaisho), or the {{Lang|Sodaisho|ja=総大将|ja_tl=general of generals}} (the highest-ranking general in an army, ranked above Samurai Daishou). However, Genshin Impact does not specify what kind of general Kujou Sara is.
* {{Lang|'''Daimyo'''|ja=大名|ja_rm=daimyou|ja_tl=feudal lord}} &mdash; In Japan, the {{w|Daimyo}} were noble lords or famous warriors who controlled a lot of territory and subordinates. The Daimyo served directly under the Shogun. This term is not currently used in Genshin Impact, except in the fictional novel [[A Legend of Sword]] by [[Xingqiu]]. The Daimyo in Inazuma's case would be [[Kujou Takayuki]], [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]] and [[Kamisato Ayato]].

;Unspecified Ranks:
* {{Lang|'''Shogunate Officer'''|ja=幕府の軍官|ja_rm=bakufu no gunkan|ja_tl=shogunate officer}} &mdash; A generic term for an officer of any rank in the Inazuma Bakufu. There are high-rank officers such as [[Kujou Masahito]], and lower-rank officers such as [[Toranosuke]].
* {{Lang|'''Shogunate Samurai'''|ja=幕府の兵士|ja_rm=bakufu no heishi|ja_tl=shogunate soldier}} &mdash; A generic term for a soldier of the Inazuma Bakufu. The in-game Japanese text directly translates to "Shogunate Soldiers" rather than "Shogunate Samurai."

==Personnel==
===Current===
====Direct Shogunal Forces====
Personnel that serve the shogunate directly rather than as part of one of the three commissions.
{{Column|2|
* [[Takeshi]] &mdash; Okuzumeshuu
* [[Saizou]] &mdash; Okuzumeshuu
* [[Naoe Hisamasa]] &mdash; Hatamoto
* [[Shima Masaoki]] &mdash; Hatamoto
}}

====Tenryou Commission====
{{Transclude|Tenryou Commission|Personnel|main=1|top=1}}

====Kanjou Commission====
{{Main|Kanjou Commission}}
=====Chief Samurai=====
* [[Katsuie]]
=====Squad Leaders=====
* [[Ebina Gonshirou]]
* [[Sasaki]]

=====Officers=====
{{Column|2|
* [[Chiba]]
* [[Kenzaburou]]
* [[Kobayashi]]
* [[Nakano]]
* [[Shinnojou]]
* [[Yokoyama]]
}}
===== Ashigaru (foot soldiers)=====
* [[Kanjou Commission Ashigaru]] &mdash; Kanjou Commission Ashigaru
* [[Keijirou]] &mdash; Kanjou Commission Ashigaru

====Yashiro Commission====
{{Main|Yashiro Commission}}
=====Representatives=====
{{Column|2|
* [[Hirano]]
* [[Hirohiko]]
* [[Hirotatsu]]
}}

===Former===
{{Column|2|
* [[Kamei Munehisa]]
* [[Kurosawa Kyounosuke]] &mdash; Yoriki
* [[Masanori]] &mdash; Hatamoto (Deceased)
* [[Nameless|Kenji Kazumichi]] &mdash; Hatamoto
* [[Iwakura Mitsunari]] (Deceased)
}}

===Historically===
{{Column|2|
* [[Shigeyori Kujou]] &mdash; General
* [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] &mdash; Hatamoto
* [[Kitamura]] &mdash; Shogunate Samurai
* [[Fujiki]] &mdash; Yoriki
* [[Fukami]] &mdash; Yoriki
}}

==Enemies==
{{Main|Shogunate Samurai}}
Some Shogunate forces can be encountered in [[Archon Quest]]s as enemies. Despite appearing as enemies, they cannot be found in the [[Archive#Enemies and Monsters|"Living Beings / Enemies and Monsters" section]] of the [[Archive]], likely due to the fact that there is no way to fight them outside of specific Archon Quests.
{{Transclude|Shogunate Samurai|Types}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shogun's Army
|zhs     = 幕府军
|zhs_rm  = Mùfǔ-jūn
|zht     = 幕府軍
|zht_rm  = Mùfǔ-jūn
|zh_tl   = Bakufu Army{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja      = 幕府軍
|ja_rm   = Bakufu-gun<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Flower Blooms in a Prison|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = [[Inazuma Shogunate|Bakufu]] Army
|ko      = {{tt|막부군|幕府軍}}
|ko_rm   = Makbu-gun
|ko_tl   = Bakufu Army{{Sino|ko|ja}}
|es      = Ejército de la Shogun
|es_tl   = Army of the Shogun
|fr      = Armée de la Shogun<!--Armée du Shogunat-->
|fr_tl   = Shogun's Army<!--Shogunate's Army-->
|ru      = Армия сёгуна<!--Армия сёгуната-->
|ru_tl   = Shogun's Army
|th      = กองทัพแห่งโชกุน
|th_rm   = Kongthap Haeng Chokun
|th_tl   = Army of the Shogun
|vi      = {{tt|Quân|軍}} Shogunate<!--quân (đội) của Shogunate-->
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bakufu-Armee
|de_tl   = Bakufu Army
|id      = Pasukan Shogun<!--tentara Shogunate-->
|id_tl   = Shogun's Army
|pt      = Exército da Shogun<!--Exército do Shogunato-->
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[pt-br:Exército da Shogun]]