{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = List
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = System Shop.png
|type         = Game Systems
|type2        = Location Types
}}
'''Shops''' refer to any establishments, [[NPC]]s, or vending machines from which players can purchase [[item]]s. Most items in shops will be restocked either daily or weekly. For a detailed list of the items each shop offers, visit the vendor's page.

==Shops Types List==
* '''Special Shops''' do not have a physical location in the game. These shops take other currencies besides [[Mora]] and offer many types of items. Players can unlock these shops after completing the {{Quest|Knights of Favonius (Quest)}}. The Shop Menu can be accessed from the [[Paimon Menu]] or from the [[Wish]] Menu.
** '''[[Gift Shop]]:''' {{Item|Genesis Crystal}}
** '''[[Character Outfit Shop]]:''' {{Item|Genesis Crystal}}
** '''[[Paimon's Bargains]]:''' {{Item List|mode=sent|Masterless Starglitter;Masterless Stardust;Primogem}}
* '''[[Souvenir Shop]]s''' allow players to exchange [[Sigils]] for materials and [[Mora]]. These shops do not restock, and extra sigils can be exchanged for extra [[Mora]]. Each region's main city has its own Souvenir Shop.
* '''[[Souvenir Shop#Special Souvenir Shops|Special Souvenir Shops]]''' sell commemorative items for [[Mora]], including [[Music Gadget|instrument]]s and toys from past [[event]]s.
* '''[[General Goods]]''' shops are shops that primarily sell ingredients. They do not appear on the map, but their icon is shown on the minimap and above the related [[NPC]]s.
* '''[[Restaurant]]s''' are [[shop]]s that primarily sell [[food]], [[recipe]]s, and ingredients.
* '''[[Blacksmith]]s''' are shops that primarily provide [[forging]] services, and sell certain [[weapon]]s and [[Diagram|forging diagrams]]. The NPCs that head these shops also serve as one of the sources that can help with [[Mining Outcrop|mining outcrop]] search, being the source that can help mark the largest share of mining outcrops compared to any other NPCs.
* '''[[Fishing Association]]s''' are [[shops]] related to [[Fishing]]. One shop can be found in each [[Region]]. Players can buy items from them in exchange for non-ornamental [[Fish]].
* '''Shops by Product''' are generic shops, most of which are not marked on the map, that primarily sell a common item type.
** '''[[Artifact]]s:''' {{Array|2=;|3=[[{item}]]|sentence=1|1=Shiliu;Linlang;Zhang Shun;Yamashiro Kenta;Crossa;Echuah}}
** '''[[Local Specialties]]:''' {{Array|2=;|3=[[{item}]]|sentence=1|1=Flora;Chloris;Ms. Bai;Verr Goldet;Herbalist Gui;Shitou;Bolai;Changshun;Qiuyue;Karpillia;Ashpazi;Jut;Babak;Aramani;Qiuwei;Hinterman;Cintli}}
** '''[[Book]]s:''' {{Array|2=;|3=[[{item}]]|sentence=1|1=Jifang;Kuroda;Hubel;Amazolli}}
* '''Miscellaneous Shops''' are those with stocks that fit none of the other categories
** [[Ekaterina]]: [[Mora]]
** [[Goth]]: [[Furnishing Blueprint]]s
** [[Master Lu]]: [[Furnishing Blueprint]]s
** [[Wakamurasaki]]: [[Omni-Ubiquity Net]]
** [[Aravinay]]: [[Diagram|Forging Blueprints]]
** [[Prince]]: [[Genius Invokation TCG/Card Shop|Genius Invokation TCG Cards]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Shop
|zhs     = 商城
|zhs_rm  = Shāngchéng
|zht     = 商城
|zht_rm  = Shāngchéng
|ja      = ショップ
|ja_rm   = Shoppu
|ko      = 상점
|es      = Tienda
|fr      = Boutique
|ru      = Магазин
|th      = ร้านค้า
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Cửa Hàng
|de      = Händler
|id      = Toko
|pt      = Loja
|tr      = Dükkan
|it      = Negozio
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|state=collapsed|type=Shops}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Shops| ]]

[[es:Tienda]]
[[fr:Boutique]]
[[ja:ショップ]]
[[pt-br:Lojas]]
[[ru:Магазины]]
[[th:ร้านค้า]]
[[tr:Dükkân]]
[[uk:Магазин]]
[[vi:Cửa Hàng]]