{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Carmen Dei Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Carmen Dei Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Venti
|ARReq          = 36
|storyQuestReq  = [[Trifolium Chapter]]: Act I - [[True Treasure]]
}}
'''Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land''' is the first act of [[Venti]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Carmen Dei Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed {{Quest|True Treasure}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 36.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] plays along with Venti to use a special gadget to reveal imaginary people. Along the way, the bard has put the famous adventurer into his watchlist.

==List of Quests==
# [[A Child's Secret]]
# [[The South Wind Brings Adventure]]
# [[Lionfang's Legacy]]
# [[Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land (Quest)|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land]]

==Summary==
;A Child's Secret
Arriving in the [[City of Mondstadt]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] find [[Nora]] playing around with an imaginary friend. Paimon is perplexed and asks the Traveler if they have one, but they tell her that they have been long gone, and their sibling once had one as well. Just then, they encounter [[Venti]], who is carrying a special device that appears to be a monocle, which [[Lisa]] made with materials imported from [[Sumeru]]. He states that it is a "nirnama detector" and that he is using it is using as Lisa is too busy to do so herself. Venti gives the detector to the Traveler, who then sees Nora's imaginary friend.

Wondering if other children have imaginary friends, they check on [[Flora]], whose friend is a potted [[Bloatty Floatty]]. They then decide to visit [[Timmie]], but become terrified when they find his imaginary friend is a [[Ruin Guard]]. With the children checked on, they then head [[Angel's Share]] to see if adults have any imaginary friends. Unsurprisingly, the adults don't have any, so they decide to go to [[Ellin]], as she is between the two age groups, and find that her imaginary friend is [[Jean]]. Ellin wishes to become strong like the Acting Grand Master and asks the Traveler to demonstrate how to clear a large amount of enemies in an instant. The Traveler gives her a demonstration, leaving her impressed. Tired from her training, she asks them to relay a message to [[Jack]] at the [[Temple of the Lion]] telling him that she cannot attend their meeting to discuss adventure plans.
----
;The South Wind Brings Adventure
Arriving at the temple, they find Jack and [[Stanley]] being attacked by a [[Cryo Abyss Mage]] and some [[Hilichurls]]. After defeating them, they pass on Ellin's message to Jack. Stanley becomes upset at the thought that they don't know about his deeds and tells them about a story about how he and his partner reached the [[Mare Jivari]]. As they clear the rest of the domain, Venti tells the Traveler that he senses something is off and tells them to use the detector. To their surprise, they find that Stanley has an imaginary friend.

After Stanley leaves, Jack tells the three that he wishes to claim the Sword of Brilliant Valor and Shield of Magnificent Honor as they were once [[Vennessa]]'s and that Stanley had owned them before discarding them at [[Dadaupa Gorge]]. Jack states that his parents don't agree with his aspirations, hoping that obtaining the equipment will prove his parents wrong. As they make their way to the gorge, Stanley is revealed to have been listening in on them.
----
;Lionfang's Legacy
Heading to the gorge, they accidentally interrupt a hilichurl ceremony, but seize the sword regardless. Venti realizes that the sword has nothing special and that someone had placed it on their spoils of war. Jack becomes despondent, but Venti recovers by telling him that there's more than meets the eye and that it is the sword they're looking for. As they begin to look for the shield, the three spot Stanley, but Jack fails to notice him. Continuing on, they find the shield, but it is nothing more than the end piece of a wine barrel with a handle attached. Venti convinces Stanley that it is what he is looking for, but a hilichurl is using it.

The Traveler tries to negotiate with the hilichurl for the shield, either peacefully obtaining it if successful or driving it away if failed. As Jack runs off to tell his parents of his exploits, Venti notices Stanley. Paimon and the Traveler realize that Stanley is a fraud as he bids them farewell on his "stroll". Venti notes that Stanley cannot let go of the past and gave up in the present, wondering where they would go if pressed to the future. Regardless, he asks the Traveler to meet him that night at Angel's Share.
----
;Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land
Arriving at the tavern, they find Stanley drunk and depressed. Stanley bemoans over Stanley's untimely demise, where Venti realizes that Stanley's exploits and tragedy was real, but Stanley in the story was the [[Stanley (Historical)|real one]], while the one before them is a fake. Stanley reveals he knows the three were eavesdropping the whole time and tries to dismiss them, but Jack comes in and tells them all that his parents now support his decision, even if he will only travel around Mondstadt for the time being to gain the experience he still needs. He thanks Stanley for the help, before noticing he is drunk and leaves to hear more exploits the next day.

With Jack gone, Stanley thanks the three for not revealing that he is a fraud to him, as he knows that Jack's adventuring spirit is pure and unblemished unlike his. He does not want to crush Jack's dreams, while noting that he is slowly forgetting Stanley's personality and life after so many years, which he considers to be his biggest fear. Despite this, he still bemoans the fact that Stanley's soul will never return to Mondstadt as he died in a windless place. Stanley slips into another depressive state, stating that an adventurer should never go out in such a way.

Seeing no other way to bring Stanley back to his normal self, Venti reveals himself as [[Barbatos]], calling Stanley by his real name, [[Hans Archibald]]. Bringing in a breeze from [[Mare Jivari]], Venti asks Hans to give Stanley's soul to him, allowing Stanley's spirit to finally move on in peace. Hans thanks Barbatos for doing that for Stanley and giving himself closure, as he can now connect with his true self while Jack becomes an aspiring adventurer. He leaves the tavern in a hopeful mood, believing that he will be okay. Venti then heads to Jack's place to collect his promised wine, telling the Traveler to meet him at the "usual place". Diluc is moved by the scene and hopes that Stanley's tales will continue to live on.

Arriving at the designated spot, the large statue of Barbatos outside the [[Favonius Cathedral]], the Traveler finds Venti and his drink, which is simply a bottle of regular cider (which hadn't even been a full bottle). Venti states that the view brings him back, before explaining that in old Mondstadt (the present-day [[Stormterror's Lair]]), its ruler at the time was the tyrant [[Decarabian]], who sealed off the city with a ferocious hurricane. Venti himself was a basic wisp at the time with no form, and that the current form he takes was that of a friend, not entirely unlike Hans and Stanley. Paimon inquires as to what happened to Venti's friend, but the Traveler is able to deduce that the friend, the [[Nameless Bard]], had died while liberating Mondstadt from Decarabian. Seeing that it's too painful for Venti to speak of it directly, the Traveler sends an oblivious Paimon off to get food, much to her anger. As the two talk, Venti sees the Traveler as a true friend for realizing the truth and that it is bringing back fond memories, reciting a short song his friend had sung for him.

Venti remained at the statue in silence, reflecting on the memory of his lost friend.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land|type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land
|zhs     = 若你困于无风之地
|zhs_rm  = Ruò Nǐ Kùn Yú Wúfēng zhī Dì
|zht     = 若你困於無風之地
|zht_rm  = Ruò Nǐ Kùn Yú Wúfēng zhī Dì
|zh_tl   = If You're Trapped in a Windless Place
|ja      = 無風の地に閉じ込められたら
|ja_rm   = Mufuu no Chi ni Tojikomeraretara
|ja_tl   = When You're Imprisoned in a Windless Ground
|ko      = 바람이 없는 곳에 갇힌다면
|ko_rm   = Baram-i Eomneun Got-e Gachindamyeon
|ko_tl   = If We're Trapped in a Windless Place
|es      = Atrapado en una tierra sin viento
|es_tl   = Trapped in a Windless Land
|fr      = Perdu en un lieu sans vent
|fr_tl   = Lost in a Windless Place
|ru      = Ежели тебя не поддерживают ветра
|ru_tl   = If Winds Don't Support You
|th      = หากติดอยู่ในที่ที่ไร้ลม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = If Stuck in a Windless Place
|vi      = Nếu bạn bị nhốt ở nơi không có gió
|vi_tl   = If You Were Locked in a Windless Place
|de      = Im Land ohne Wind
|de_tl   = In a Land Without Wind
|id      = Ketika Engkau Terperangkap di Negeri Tanpa Angin
|id_tl   = When You're Trapped in a Windless Land
|pt      = Se Você Ficasse Preso Numa Terra sem Vento
|pt_tl   = If You Were Trapped in a Windless Land
|tr      = Rüzgarsız Bir Yerde Mahsur Kalmak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Prigioniero d'una terra senza vento
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Atrapado en una tierra sin viento]]
[[ja:無風の地に閉じ込められたら]]
[[pt-br:Se Você Ficasse Preso Numa Terra sem Vento]]
[[ru:Ежели тебя не поддерживают ветра]]