{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13007
|image         = Story Quest Show Canceled.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lotos Somno Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = To the Wise
|character     = Nilou
|startLocation = [[Grand Bazaar]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = The Warm Rhythm of the Streets
|next          = The Reason We Are Gathered Here
|exp           = 625
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Abhi; Afshin; Farhad; Hushang; Jut; Inayah; Khasani; Kourosh; Najia; Nilou; Paimon; Rekhar; Sheikh Zubayr; Sohrin; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Show Canceled''''' is the second part of [[Nilou]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lotos Somno Chapter]]: Act I - [[To the Wise]].

==Steps==
# Gather everybody and get the situation straight
# Collect the thoughts of theater members (0/3)
# Inform customers of the shows being canceled
# Go back to the theater
# Find Inayah outside the city
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during this step
# Get close to the direction where the sound is from
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during this step
#* Challenge Objective: Reach and settle the emergency within 240 seconds
#* Wave 1: {{Item|Rishboland Tiger|x=2|type=Wildlife}}
#* Wave 2: {{Item|Rishboland Tiger|x=2|type=Wildlife}}
#* Failing or interrupting this step resets the quest to the previous step, "Find Inayah outside the city"
# Talk to Inayah
# Go back to Sumeru City together

==Gameplay Notes==
* Approaching the campsite will start a 4 minute timer with the objective "Reach and settle the emergency quickly".
* During step 6, Nilou will join the party as a trial character.
* This quest and the last step of [[As by a God's Side]] keep alternatingly block each other because of [[Nilou]] and other NPCs' involvement.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->
|wl                      = 8
<!-- Character -->
|character_name          = Nilou
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name             = Key of Khaj-Nisut
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 47,973
|atk8                    = 1,668
|def8                    = 866
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|With your encouragement, Nilou decided to debate with the Akademiya scholar about the demolition of the theatre. Thus, she needs to collect a lot of information.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to one of the NPC's in the marked area)
:'''Everyone gathers together. After hearing Nilou's thoughts...'''

:{{A|vo nllq002 1 sheikhzubayr 01.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Trying to best the Akademiya in a debate is attempting the impossible.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 sheikhzubayr 02.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' If you really want to try, I won't stop you. It's not like our situation can get any worse.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 rikard 01.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' I don't think it's entirely hopeless. To Sharif, Nilou's approach will come off as naive, but that kind of frankness is exactly what they lack the most.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 rikard 02.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Things might turn out differently from what you expect.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 qasani 01.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I am in favor of such a romantic feat. No playwright will turn down a compelling underdog story.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 kourosh 01.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' Sure, in fiction, but I'm not sure how well that will translate to reality...
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 kourosh 02.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' I&mdash;I'm not saying that I don't support you, Nilou. If you need my help, just say the word!
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 kourosh 03.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' Anything is better than just standing aside and watching the theater get demolished.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 negar 01.ogg}} '''Najia:''' I'm also pitching in. Let's show the Akademiya that we have some fight in us!
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Thank you, everyone. I feel a lot less nervous with your support!
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Not to rain on your parade, but my father is a real hard guy to deal with.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 02.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' He is erudite, meticulous, demanding, and exceedingly familiar with rigorous logic. It'll be extremely difficult to beat him in a debate.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 03.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' You all already knew that, but you just didn't want to hurt Nilou's feelings.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 04.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' When all's said and done, aren't you hurting her just the same?
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 sheikhzubayr 03.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' That's enough, Inayah. Hehe...
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 05.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' ...
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 06.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Sorry, I ruined the mood.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 07.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I just can't force myself to expect a positive outcome. Nilou shouldn't have to push herself for the sake of an impossible goal.
:{{DIcon}} There is nothing in this world that is impossible.
:{{DIcon}} Success comes from hard work.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! It's way too early to give up.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You're right, Inayah.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' We're up against the Akademiya. Everyone knows that they're very powerful. Being skeptical might actually be the more normal response.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But I still want to try. I'm reluctant to just let Zubayr Theater go.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' And it's not just me &mdash; I think everyone else here feels the same way. If we're unhappy, we should speak up and let our voices be heard.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Say what's on your mind, and do what you think should be done. If we fail after that, then at least we won't have any regrets.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I mean... after all, the only thing we can control right now is our choice at this very moment.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 08.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' ...I understand what you're trying to say. I also have my own intense feelings of anger and regret.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Then, could I trouble you to tell your father about our plan for a debate?
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You can still get in touch with your family, right?
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 09.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Yes, I can.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Then, please help us pass on my request. I've never participated in a debate, and truth be told, I'm still not really confident in myself.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But since we've decided on a debate, I'll do my best to prepare for it. I'll gather everyone's thoughts and let them be known to all during the debate.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I by myself definitely don't have enough wisdom to beat your father, but what about the entire theater combined? Then we should have a chance, right?
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 inayah 10.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' ...Right.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 sorin 01.ogg}} '''Sohrin:''' That's right, Miss Nilou!
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 abe 01.ogg}} '''Abhi:''' Beat the bad guy! Justice will prevail!
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 sorin 02.ogg}} '''Sohrin:''' Make him eat dirt!
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hee-hee, you two, we aren't getting into a fight.
:{{A|vo nllq002 1 nilou 14.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But thank you for your encouraging words. I'll do my best!

;(After talking to the theater members)
:{{A|vo nllq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well said back there, Nilou!
:{{A|vo nllq002 2 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I felt that I might have said a bit too much...
:{{A|vo nllq002 2 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Anyway, we better start preparing now. First, let's see what everyone thinks about the situation.
:{{A|vo nllq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, time to poll everyone's thoughts!

;(Talk to Najia, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 negar 01.ogg}} '''Najia:''' I've gained a whole new level of respect for you.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 negar 02.ogg}} '''Najia:''' Inayah was right. It's true that I couldn't bear to bring down Nilou.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 negar 03.ogg}} '''Najia:''' It wasn't out of pity or anything, though. I just felt like I didn't have the right to say anything.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 negar 04.ogg}} '''Najia:''' After all, Nilou was the one who bravely stepped up and proposed to fight back. I didn't have that kind of courage or initiative.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 negar 05.ogg}} '''Najia:''' I'd be a terrible person if I spoke badly of Nilou without doing anything to help.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 negar 06.ogg}} '''Najia:''' She knows better than any of us how difficult this path will be.

;(Talk to Kourosh, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 kourosh 01.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' When the day comes, I'll get my friends and the theater's customers to come and support Nilou.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 kourosh 02.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' If anything goes wrong, I'll have them scream and shout and drown out whatever Sharif says.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 kourosh 03.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' ...Eh, I can't do that? *sigh* Fine, I'll think of something else...

;(Talk to Sohrin or Abhi, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 sorin 01.ogg}} '''Sohrin:''' No one is allowed to bully Miss Nilou!
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 abe 01.ogg}} '''Abhi:''' Watch out, Mr. Bad Guy! Pow, bam!

;(Talk to Khasani)
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't really wanna talk to him...
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 01.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' So you've already developed some prejudices against me. And to think, I was just about to put forward a suggestion...
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon will listen to that!
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 02.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Although, I know not if you have a new answer to my previous question. Now seems like an appropriate time to revisit it.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 03.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' What do you think is the meaning of art?
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... This again?
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' We probably do need to tackle this question if we want to prove the value of the arts.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I don't know how to explain it, but all I know is that when my performance makes the audience happy, I also become very happy.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Does that count as a meaning?
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You answered him so seriously! Careful, Nilou, this guy's ramblings never make any sense.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 04.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' No, no, Nilou's answer far surpasses yours, and it is close to my own.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 05.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' The meaning of art comes not from its creators, but from its audience.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 06.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' In other words, only art that can be appreciated by others will impart its essence and value upon the minds of its audience.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 07.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' This is something that the Akademiya can never understand.
:{{DIcon}} You seem to have many stories of your own.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 08.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I once pursued the mastery of art, much like how a researcher would chase wisdom and knowledge.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 09.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' However, the more of a connoisseur I became, the less I felt I understood. I began to question what it truly meant for art to be "understood" at all.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 10.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I found that I could comprehend even the most complex and sophisticated of works, and yet somehow, that provided me with little solace.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 11.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I remained ever perplexed about this conundrum until I visited this theater, and watched one of Nilou's performances.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was that life-changing...?
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 12.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Everyone here had a joyous part in the overall experience. The actors upon the stage basked in the love of their audience, while those in the house immersed themselves in the wondrous ambiance.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 13.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' In all honesty, from a purely critical point of view, the performances here are exceedingly average.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hey, don't say something like that...
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 14.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' But what bewildered me was how despite the performances' middling quality, they captivated their whole audience... they captivated even me.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 15.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I realized then that I had walked the wrong road. The mastery of art was never what I truly wanted.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 16.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I left the so-called frontiers of artistic research and came to this theater, for this is where I can finally find what I seek.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 17.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Art will no longer be a castle in the sky. Whether it be inspiring or entertaining, art must be appreciated by others to confer value.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 18.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' If art cannot accomplish that, then it is meaningless.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' When you put it that way...
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Mr. Zubayr and I refused to follow the Akademiya's orders to change our shows for a similar reason.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' To put it simply, we were afraid that our shows would lose their meaning if people couldn't understand them...
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 19.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I once stood in the spotlight, but I relinquished fame and acclaim for the freedom I enjoy today.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 20.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I care not for where my feet may take me next, but Nilou, you need to remember one thing.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 21.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' You already stand upon the finest stage there is, and that is a rare gift that should never be taken for granted.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 22.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' You cannot give it up, not even to the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I understand. Thank you for your words of encouragement, Mr. Khasani.
:{{A|vo nllq002 8 qasani 23.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Dust the cobwebs away from the eyes of those scholars.

;(After talking to Khasani)
:{{A|vo nllq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He really seemed to care a lot about the theater...
:{{A|vo nllq002 10 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Once you get to know him, you'll realize that he's actually a big softie at heart. He'll even help out with furniture repair and painting the stage!
:{{A|vo nllq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon didn't think he had that in him at all!

;(Talk to Khasani again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 qasani 01.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Although we can find a form of beauty in regret and disappointment, it makes no sense to just accept this world's tragedies.

;(Talk to Rekhar)
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 01.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' I didn't expect you all to challenge the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 02.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' That reminded me of my younger years... Back then, I feared nothing and no one, and I was always charging into the most dangerous of places.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 03.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' I can't do things like that anymore, but those were some of the best times of my life.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Sorry... If the theater really ends up getting demolished, then you, Sohrin, and Abhi will all...
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 04.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' It's alright. There's no need to think such heavy thoughts. Even if the building gets demolished, its people will still all be here.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 05.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Have faith in the resilience of an adventurer. We can always figure something out.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But won't you have regrets if things just come to an abrupt end? It'd be like when you were forced to stop adventuring...
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 06.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Ah, so that's what you were worrying about.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 07.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Relax, I've had a lot of experience with regret. Things are painful at first, but as they say, time heals all wounds.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 08.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Look at us now: Sohrin and Abhi are happy, and Sohrin has also just passed his theater exam. He can start acting soon.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 09.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' He was thrilled because he can soon perform on the same stage as you.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 10.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' We wouldn't be here if it weren't for our past struggles. And would Sohrin have become a happier person? That's hard to say.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you... trying to make us feel better?
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 11.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Yes, but I truly do mean what I say. Being here at the theater has taught me an important lesson.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 12.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' The most important thing about an experience is how you choose to interpret it.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 13.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' I can choose to believe that my life ended with my husband's death, or I can choose to believe that it was a blessing in disguise for Sohrin and Abhi.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 14.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Similarly, even if this theater disappears, a new beginning might just be around the corner.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 15.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' "Good" and "bad" are all human-made concepts. It all depends on how we choose to see things.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You have a point...
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 16.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Nilou, I know how important Zubayr Theater is to you.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 17.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' But you don't have to be so nervous &mdash; we're all here with you. The theater won't go down so easily.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Thank you, Ms. Rekhar.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 18.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' No need to thank me. If anything, you inspired me with your bravery. You might have what it takes to become an excellent adventurer.
:{{DIcon}} She has it in the bag.
:{{DIcon}} She's already a first-rate adventurer.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Y&mdash;You're too kind...
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alright, I gotta cheer up! I can't waste everyone's words of encouragement!
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Haaah, I feel a lot better.
:{{A|vo nllq002 6 rikard 19.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Good. My children and I will be cheering you on at the debate.

;(Talk to Rekhar again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 rikard 01.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Consider this as a trial by fire.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 rikard 02.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' No matter the outcome, there will be treasure at its end.

;(Talk to Sheikh Zubayr)
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Mr. Zubayr, we're trying to put together a list of arguments that might be useful. Any ideas?
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 01.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' It won't be difficult to explain our position. They're in the wrong, and they know it!
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 02.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' I have meticulously managed this theater's affairs for years, and I have abided by every procedure and obtained every permit.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 03.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' I did all of that to protect ourselves if something like this were to occur. I didn't expect them to disregard the rules altogether...
:{{DIcon}} This might have something to do with Inayah.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 04.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Yes, I know. But anyone who's staying at the theater is one of us.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 05.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' If I can't even protect the members of the theater from outside pressure, then I have failed in my duty as a manager.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 06.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' In summary, you need sufficient confidence and strict adherence to the rules. At least for now, they don't have the authority to demolish the theater.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 07.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' As long as you double down on that point and force them to concede it, you'll gain an advantage.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alright, got it!
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 08.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' *sigh* I've seen many situations like this before. The Akademiya sure likes to get its nose into everyone's business...
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 09.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' While you prepare for the debate, I will also prepare the theater for the potential aftermath. It's best to prepare for the worst outcome.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 10.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Once you're done chatting, do me a favor and tell our customers that we're canceling all of our shows.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do we really have to...?
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 11.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Right now, no one's in the right frame of mind to perform. I have to consider both our staff and our customers. This is the only way.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 12.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' ...Nilou, you are incredible.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 13.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' With your talent and youth, you had the least to lose out of all of us. And yet, you were still the first to take a stand.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I've never thought about leaving your theater, Mr. Zubayr. I truly love this place, and I want to keep dancing here.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I also want to keep dancing with everyone else.
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 14.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' You're becoming more and more like her...
:{{A|vo nllq002 11 sheikhzubayr 15.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Do your best. We'll do all that we can, and leave the rest to fate.

;(After talking to Sheikh Zubayr)
:{{A|vo nllq002 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Her"?
:{{A|vo nllq002 13 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' My teacher. She was an excellent dancer, but she's retired now.
:{{A|vo nllq002 13 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If we have time later, I'd be happy to tell you more about her.

;(Talk to Sheikh Zubayr again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 sheikhzubayr 01.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Just notify the customers when you have time. There's no rush.
----
;(Approach Afshin, Farhad, Hushang, and Jut)
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 01.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' You're here! Is the theater actually closing!?
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 hushang 01.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' He's been worried sick for a while now. He wouldn't stop talking the whole way back.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 02.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' H&mdash;Hey, you too!
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 jut 01.ogg}} '''Jut:''' What exactly happened? Did someone come down from the Akademiya?
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yes. He told us that we have to shut down the theater within thirty days, and that it's going to be demolished...
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 03.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' What the heck!? That came with no warning!
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 afshin 01.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' *sigh* They're messing with us again.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 04.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Don't tell me you'll have to listen to him?
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 hushang 02.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' C'mon, you know the answer to that.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 05.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Yeah, it IS a direct order from the Akademiya...
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' There's no need to worry, though. I'm preparing for a public debate with the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If I win, we might be able to overturn things and change their minds.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 jut 02.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Really? That's terrific. You have my full support, no doubt about that.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 afshin 02.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Mine too! So, what was their excuse, anyway? They still not a fan of the theater's programs?
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah, something like that...
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 06.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Good thing they have the power to make rash decisions about things they don't even understand, huh?
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 hushang 03.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Yeah, they need to touch more grass, not books.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 afshin 03.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Exactly. They want to look down on us? Haha, we'll look down on them first!
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 jut 03.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Don't worry, everyone here has your back. The Akademiya's recklessness won't get them any praise.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 07.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Right. They might think that some forms of knowledge are more valuable than others, but everyone can equally appreciate art.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 08.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' If they don't believe that, send 'em my way. I got them beat on this subject.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 hushang 04.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Maybe you can prepare some questions on the details of dance performance to make things harder for them at the debate?
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hmm... Sounds like a good idea. Maybe that's something I should do.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 09.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Ignore him &mdash; he's joking. Just do things your way.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 farhad 10.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' No matter what, we will always support you.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Thank you all so much! Your understanding and support make me feel a lot better.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 jut 04.ogg}} '''Jut:''' There are always more solutions than problems. If you need help during the debate, just shout and the entire Grand Bazaar will be at your beck and call.
:{{A|vo nllq002 14 afshin 04.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Heh, gotta show them who has the people's support!

;(After talking to the customers)
:{{A|vo nllq002 16 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I feel like the pieces are starting to fall into place...
:{{A|vo nllq002 16 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Let's head back to the theater and organize our thoughts.
:{{A|vo nllq002 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds good! Inayah should also be back soon.

;(Talk to Afshin, Farhad, Hushang, or Jut again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 jut 01.ogg}} '''Jut:''' As things stand, there actually isn't much to worry about.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 hushang 01.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Everything will work itself out.
----
;(Approach the front of the stage)
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Abhi, have you seen Miss Inayah?
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 abe 01.ogg}} '''Abhi:''' No, Miss Nilou! Miss Inayah isn't back yet.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wasn't she just passing on a message? Does she really need this much time?
:{{DIcon}} Could she have started arguing with her father again?
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' ...
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ahhhh... Oh no.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Traveler), Paimon! I think I've messed up big time...
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' What if Inayah never planned to come back?
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{DIcon}} Calm down.
:{{DIcon}} Please explain.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It's just a gut feeling, but knowing her, she probably feels like she's completely responsible for what happened.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' She probably thinks that all of this happened because she was staying here.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right, as soon as her father showed up, she said that her father was targeting her. So she's felt like that this whole time...
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' She has a long-standing conflict with her father. That's why she ran away from home.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' She doesn't think that we can win the debate, and she doesn't want to implicate us, so she thought leaving was the best thing to do...
:{{DIcon}} So, even after we decided to go for the debate...
:{{DIcon}} She still couldn't bring herself to support it.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mhm, and then she just quietly left afterward...
:{{DIcon}} She's too harsh on herself.
:{{DIcon}} No one should bear all the blame.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Exactly. She's being too pessimistic. How will you know if you don't try?
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Anyway, first things first, we have to get her back!
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But where should we start? Sumeru is huge!
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I think I might know. Let's start by looking outside the city.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Before I brought her to Zubayr Theater, she was staying at a remote campsite. She got a fever from drinking unclean water, so I carried her back.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 14.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If she has nowhere else to go after leaving the theater, she might go back and strike out on her own again.
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then let's go take a look!
:{{A|vo nllq002 17 nilou 15.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yes, let's hurry.

;(Talk to Sheikh Zubayr again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 sheikhzubayr 02.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' ...Looks like this situation is really affecting her.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The information collection went well, but Inayah seems to be quite pessimistic about the debate...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the campsite)
:{{A|vo nllq002 19 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' There are signs that someone had stayed here very recently...
:{{A|vo nllq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we can't confirm if it was Inayah or not.
:{{A|vo nllq002 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a look around first!
:{{A|vo nllq002 19 inayah 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Aaah&mdash;!
:;(A growl is heard alongside the voice)
:{{A|vo nllq002 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you hear that?
:{{DIcon}} I heard a voice.
:{{DIcon}} Is it Inayah?
:{{A|vo nllq002 19 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I heard it, too. Let's investigate.

;(Approach Inayah's general area)<!--30-55 m from Inayah-->
:{{A|vo nllq002 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It sounds like we're getting closer. The voice is coming from over there!
:{{A|vo nllq002 20 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah, we're almost there!

;(Approach Inayah)
:{{A|vo nllq002 21 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Stay back!
:{{A|vo nllq002 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's Inayah! She's being attacked by wild animals!
:{{A|vo nllq002 21 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Inayah, don't be scared! We're coming to help!

;(After defeating the Rishboland Tigers)
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' T&mdash;Thank you...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 02.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' There weren't so many big animals in this area before. They chased after me for a long time...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 03.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Sorry, I'm causing trouble for you again...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Why did you leave by yourself?
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You really don't think we have a chance at winning the debate?
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 04.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' No, I just thought it would take too much effort.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 05.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Everything happened because of me. If I'm gone, then the situation will resolve itself.
:{{DIcon}} But everyone else is trying so hard.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Everyone's working together towards a happier ending. No one should be singled out for blame.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 06.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' It's alright if it's me. As long as the theater won't get demolished...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 07.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' You guys are the kindest people I've ever met. You shouldn't suffer so much because of me.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Listen to me, Inayah.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Even if you were the reason that all of this happened, no one would blame you.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Mr. Zubayr said that you're one of us, so that means we will protect you.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' No matter what happens, we'll stand as one.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 08.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Nilou, there will always be a victim, whether it's me or the theater. You can't eat your cake and have it, too.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 09.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' You can't win a debate against the Akademiya, especially since your opponent will be my father.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you so sure of this?
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 10.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' My father is an extremely demanding man.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 11.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' He's always wanted me to become an exceptional researcher and his academic successor.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 12.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I tried my best to meet his expectations, and did everything I could.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 13.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' But he still wasn't satisfied... or rather, he had just never been satisfied with me.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 14.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I'm no genius, but whenever he berated me, it was always as if he was asking me, "Why aren't you a genius?"
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 15.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Yeah, like I'd know...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's why you ran away from home?
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 16.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' At first, I thought that Father would slowly come to terms with reality, but he just wouldn't stop berating me.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 17.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' For one exam, I earned the third-highest score.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 18.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I thought that all my hard work had finally paid off, that I could finally make Father feel some modicum of joy.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 19.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I even used the embroidery skills I learned at school to make a commemorative gift for him.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 20.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I thought... "Even this daughter can make her father happy sometimes, right?"
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I see... When we were embroidering your gift before, I didn't feel like you were new at it.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 21.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Yeah, sorry for not bringing it up. These are not pleasant memories for me.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 22.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I was tired of him yelling at me every day. All I wanted was to see him smile at me.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 23.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' But... He was more angry than ever before once I'd given him my embroidery and told him my score. He flung my present to the side.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 24.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' "You think you should be proud of third place? Reflect on why you weren't first!"
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 25.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I forgot how long I had cried for. I only remember my parents arguing. My mother also thought he went overboard.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 26.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' They argued for such a long time. My father eventually stormed out and slammed the door behind him. I didn't get a single sentence of apology, or any words of comfort...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 27.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I've completely given up. We're destined to never understand each other.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' How horrible...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 28.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I don't think you can beat him in a debate, because he doesn't even understand what kind of place a theater is.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 29.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' He can never understand the relationship performers have with their audience. His life is devoid of camaraderie or friendship.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 30.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' He just wants everything to happen according to his wishes, as if the world revolves around him.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 31.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' What we cherish &mdash; our little place in this world &mdash; means nothing to him...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It sounds like your past has had a huge impact on you.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I understand now, Inayah.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But, when we were preparing for the debate, I heard something quite wise. Maybe it'll help you.
----
;(Nilou enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Interpret "Rekhar's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 rikard 01.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' The most important thing about an experience is how you choose to interpret it.

;(Interpret "Khasani's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 qasani 01.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Art must first be appreciated by others to confer value.

;(Interpret "Sheikh Zubayr's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Mr. Zubayr has been meticulously managing the theater. Everything checks out.)

;(Interpret "Grand Bazaar Crowd's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Everyone is free to appreciate art &mdash; no form of art is inherently superior.)

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (No, there should be something else that's more relevant.)

;(Submit the correct conclusion{{Colon}} Rekhar's Opinion)
:;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ms. Rekhar has gone through a lot in her life, but she told us that she's very happy to live at the theater now.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Although she ran into misfortune, it led her down a new path in life. She sees that as a blessing.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' She told me that the most important thing about an experience is how you choose to interpret it.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 32.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Interpret it...?
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 14.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I can sympathize with your unhappiness at home, but after you ran away, you ended up at the theater and became one of us.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 15.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Those unhappy experiences allowed you to really cherish your bonds with everyone, and also gave you the opportunity to become friends with us.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 16.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Don't let your past suffering keep you from the new life that you've worked so hard to find.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 33.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let the past stay in the past.
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to be so hard on yourself anymore.
:{{DIcon}} This is your new beginning.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 34.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' When I ran away from home, I swore that I would leave my family conflict behind...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 35.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' But you're right, all I'm doing now is falling right back into it...
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 17.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Maybe you'll disappoint him, but that doesn't matter. You have a new future waiting for you.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 18.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Don't let go of the answer you've worked so hard to find.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! If we put our heads together, there's bound to be a way!
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 36.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' You're right, there's nothing to be afraid of.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 37.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I'm not trying to meet his expectations, so why should I give up because of him?
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 38.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I can't afford to lose anything more... We have to win.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 39.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' The debate will not only protect Zubayr Theater, but also allow me to settle things with Father.
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the spirit!
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 40.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Let's go. I'll tell my father about the debate.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 inayah 41.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I know him very well. Even if he looks down on us, I know how to make him accept.
:{{A|vo nllq002 22 nilou 19.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alright, let's go.
----
;(Approach the center of the plaza in front of the Akademiya)
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Well, I'm off to meet with him. Please wait here for me.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Okay. Looking forward to your good news.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Phew, that should be everything. The only thing left to do now is to wait until the debate.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'm not sure why, but I'm getting nervous again.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You were great, Nilou! Your words won over Inayah.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Talk like that during the debate, and you'll get an easy win!
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Thanks for that, Paimon.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But I still feel like it'll be an uphill battle. I need to be calmer, cooler, and more collected.
:{{DIcon}} We haven't broken any rules.
:{{DIcon}} Lots of people are rooting for us.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah. I'm acting as everyone's representative, so I'll need to act brave, even if I won't feel like it.
:{{DIcon}} There's still one problem left unsolved.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Huh? What's left?
:{{DIcon}} The theater's existence...
:{{DIcon}} Is it only for art and performance?
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What a strange question...
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't a theater just a theater? Why would it need to be anything else?
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Wait... You're not asking what the theater DOES, but what it IS.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Lemme think... Um, how can I put this? Hmm...
----
;(Nilou enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Interpret "Rekhar's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 rikard 01.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' The most important thing about an experience is how you choose to interpret it.

;(Interpret "Khasani's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 qasani 01.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Art must first be appreciated by others to confer value.

;(Interpret "Sheikh Zubayr's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Mr. Zubayr has been meticulously managing the theater. Everything checks out.)

;(Interpret "Grand Bazaar Crowd's Opinion")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Everyone is free to appreciate art &mdash; no form of art is inherently superior.)

;(Interpret "Inayah's Will")
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Inayah really wants to win. She doesn't wanna lose anything else because of her painful past.)

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo nllq002 25 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Not quite right, but it's close. I almost have it...)

;(Submit the correct conclusion{{Colon}} Value of the Theater's {{sic|Existance}})
:;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ah, got it!
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' When we were trying to find a way to save the theater, we heard many stories not of the theater, but of the people whose lives have been touched by it.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Zubayr Theater is our reason for coming together. It connects us all in unique ways.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' In other words, it's like a bond!
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A bond?
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 14.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' The theater provides money for Ms. Rekhar and her children, inspiration for Mr. Khasani, and enjoyment for the people of the Great Bazaar.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 15.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It also gives Inayah shelter from her family... It has brought us together after taking care of every single one of us.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 16.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' And its story won't end here. In the future, many more people will come to the theater and receive its blessing.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 17.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' And we'll all be there for them. Our warm, welcoming community will show them the same kindness we were shown in the past.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 18.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Aside from the delivery of performances, isn't this another reason for Zubayr Theater's continued existence?
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that makes sense! We definitely felt that warmth during the preparations for the event.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, Paimon doesn't see how this will help in the debate.
:{{DIcon}} Inayah said that her father doesn't care for interpersonal relationships.
:{{DIcon}} This may be his weak point.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, gotcha. No matter how strong an opponent is, they'll have to go on the defensive if pressed on a weak point!
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 19.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I feel like that's another prong in our attack. Thank you so much.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon also feels a lot more relieved. Let's show him what we got!
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 inayah 02.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Sorry for the wait. I'm back.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 inayah 03.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Things went a lot more smoothly than I expected. It didn't take long for him to accept the debate, and is set for two days from now.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 inayah 04.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' ...Why are you all smiling so much? Did something good happen?
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We realized that your dad might not be as scary as we had thought.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 20.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hee-hee, we've just finished our prep. Rest easy, it will all turn out well!
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 nilou 21.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' We have to win... No, we WILL win, Inayah.
:{{A|vo nllq002 23 inayah 05.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Hehe, fingers crossed!

;(Talk to Inayah or Nilou, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Everything is ready. The only thing left is to wait until the day after tomorrow.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq002 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe, I hope I'll actually be able to get some sleep over the next two nights.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Show Canceled
|zhs     = 当剧目不再上演
|zhs_rm  = Dāng Jùmù Bùzài Shàngyǎn
|zht     = 當劇目不再上演
|zht_rm  = Dāng Jùmù Bùzài Shàngyǎn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 公演が中止されし時
|ja_rm   = Kouen ga Chuushi sareshi Toki
|ja_tl   = When the Performance was Canceled
|ko      = 더는 막이 올라가지 않는 공연
|ko_rm   = Deoneun Magi Ollagaji Anneun Gongyeon
|ko_tl   = Performance Which Curtain No Longer Rises
|es      = Cerrado por derribo
|es_tl   = Closed for Demolition
|fr      = Tombée de rideau finale ?
|fr_tl   = Final Curtain Fall?
|ru      = Когда пьесы больше не ставят
|ru_tl   = When Plays are No Longer Performed
|th      = เมื่อไม่มีการแสดงอีกต่อไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khi Vở Kịch Hạ Màn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wenn im Theater nur noch Stille herrscht
|de_tl   = When There is Only Silence in the Theater
|id      = Saat Pertunjukan Batal Diadakan
|id_tl   = When the Show is Cancelled
|pt      = Quando a Peça Sai de Cartaz
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gösteri İptal Edildi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Spettacolo annullato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}