{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19145
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Kuki Shinobu
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Gang's Daily Deeds
|description   = According to Miko's "suggestion," you work as shrine maidens at the shrine...
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = To the Shrine
|characters    = Asami; Hayato; Inagi Hotomi; Kuki Shinobu; Maki; Takuma; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}

==Steps==
# Receive guests at the shrine
# Continue receiving guests
# Go to the entrance to receive guests
# Collect materials required to make omamori (0/3)
# Talk to Granny [[Asami]]
# Talk to [[Yae Miko]]
# Leave the shrine

==Notes==
* Completing this quest will give the player the [[Memories of the Heart]] achievement "[[One More Look!]]".

==Dialogue==
===Shrine Maiden Suggestion===
{{Quest Description|According to Miko's "suggestion," you work as shrine maidens at the shrine...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Takuma)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 01.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' *sigh*, should I take the risk, or... Huh, who are you?
:{{DIcon}} We're shrine maidens.
:{{DIcon}} You can talk to us about whatever's bothering you.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 02.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' You're shrine maidens? They sure dress different these days, I suppose this is the Grand Narukami Shrine, after all...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 03.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' I came across a potential business opportunity recently. They say that by financing an overseas merchant ship, you can make a 40% profit on your investment in three months.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 04.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' Several of my friends have already received their returns and want me to go in with them on a bigger investment...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 05.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' For some reason, I was feeling a little unsure about it, so I thought I'd come to the shrine and see what the Great Narukami thinks.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 06.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' But the fortune slip I drew is neither positive nor negative. I'm at a loss on what to make of it...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Most of the fortune slips in the shrine are pretty ambiguous.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 07.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' Could it be that... our god wants me to come back and draw another slip tomorrow? And if the same happens again, then... maybe the day after that?
:{{DIcon}} You'd be guaranteed a "Great Fortune" slip eventually.
:{{DIcon}} Sooner or later, you'd draw a "Great Misfortune."
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If you have all that time to draw slips, why not spend it on learning more about this merchant ship instead?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I've heard of a scam where people make up a bogus investment and promise high returns in a short period.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' In reality, they just use the new investors' money to pay existing investors their "profits."
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Once people see the early investors making their money back, scores of other investors jump on the bandwagon, and then one day the people behind it just pack up and leave with the money...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 08.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' Oh, gosh... Come to think of it, they haven't given me any specifics about the shipping route or itinerary...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' By saying it's "overseas" and being economical with the details, they can filter out the folks who actually take the time to do their due diligence. It's another common tactic used by many scammers.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 09.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' Wow, is that true? Praise be to the Narukami! Clearly she has been watching over me amidst my confusion. Thankfully, I hadn't agreed to anything yet...
:{{DIcon}} Rather than thanking your god...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you thank her first?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 10.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' Oh, yes, of course! Thank you, shrine maiden!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 11.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' Now that I think about it, I remember receiving similarly sound advice at this shrine in the past.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 12.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' That shrine maiden is long gone now, though. It's a real pity.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' R&mdash;Really, what a shame. But anyway, shouldn't you be getting back now to warn your friends?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 takuma 13.ogg}} '''Takuma:''' Oh, goodness &mdash; yes, I'll go and warn them all right away!

;(After talking to Takuma)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914501 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Here's hoping he manages to stop his friends in time. Hmph... Right, there's another visitor &mdash; let's see what he wants.
----
;(Talk to Hayato)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 01.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' Huh... It seems even a change of scenery won't get the creative juices flowing... Hmm? Who are you?
:{{DIcon}} We're shrine maidens.
:{{DIcon}} You can ask us for advice if you have any issues.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 02.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' Shrine maidens, huh? I guess I could give that a try...
:{{DIcon}} It was Miko's idea.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 03.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' Oh, this was the Chief Editor's idea? Then no wonder it's so... novel, hehe.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 04.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' *sigh* I, on the other hand, am all out of ideas. So I came to the shrine to pray for inspiration...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Well? Has it worked?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 05.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' N&mdash;Not so far... I guess I wasn't sincere enough, or something. But I'm gonna come back tomorrow &mdash; I'm sure I'll stir the heart of our god eventually!
:{{DIcon}} It should be readers' hearts that you're trying to stir.
:{{DIcon}} At this rate, your next deadline will arrive before inspiration does.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Have you ever thought about going traveling?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Inspiration comes from life experience. The more places you go, the more people you meet, the more you'll have to share with your readers.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's natural to run out of new material when you're in the same place doing the same things every day.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 06.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' That's true... I haven't gone out exploring in a long time.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 07.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' Actually, Ma'am... You look very familiar. Have we met before? Here in the shrine?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' No. You must be mistaking me for someone else.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Lack of social contact can easily lead to a deterioration in facial recognition abilities.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 hayato 08.ogg}} '''Hayato:''' Seriously? Oh, man... That's it, I'm packing my bags right away. Time to go traveling!

;(After talking to Hayato)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm? Oh, that thing I said about facial recognition? ...Probably depends on the individual.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914502 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Anyway, forget that. We have a new visitor, let's go greet them.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Omamori Memento===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Asami)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 inagihotomi 01.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Please wait a moment, Ma'am. We'll work something out for you as soon as possible...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 asami 01.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Oh, it's okay, there's no need to rush...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 inagihotomi 02.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Ah, perfect. This lady's granddaughter is going abroad soon, and she'd like to give her an omamori before she leaves.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 inagihotomi 03.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Unfortunately, we just ran out... Could I trouble you to make some more?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 inagihotomi 04.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' You should be able to find the brocade bags and knots on both sides of the shrine. For the paper slips that go inside, just ask Maki.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 inagihotomi 05.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Um... I don't think I need to go into detail on how to write the blessing and put it all together.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...No, I can handle the rest.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 asami 02.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Hmm... Ah, hehe, thank you dear.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 inagihotomi 06.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Great, I'll take her to wash her hands first. We'll see you in front of the Sacred Sakura when you're ready.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 asami 03.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Ah, thank you all so very much. May the Great Narukami bless you.

;(Talk to Asami again)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 inagihotomi 07.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' This way, Ma'am. Mind the steps...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914503 asami 04.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Oh, thank you so much for all your help...
----
;(Talk to Maki)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914507 maki 01.ogg}} '''Maki:''' You need paper slips for omamori blessings? I have a few right here.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914507 maki 02.ogg}} '''Maki:''' Oh, but I'm afraid I don't have a pen...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914507 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Don't worry, I got it.

;(Talk to Maki again)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914507 maki 03.ogg}} '''Maki:''' I hope your omamori will bring our visitors good luck.

;(Draw the knots)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914505 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Huh, so this is where the knots are.

;(Draw the brocade bags)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914506 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Brocade bags &mdash; check.

;(After collecting all the items)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' That's everything. Let's go give it to the lady.

<!--
;(?)
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hey, Ms. Shrine Maiden, we'd like some omamori!
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Huh? You've got none left?
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Guess we've gotta make our own, then...
-->
----
;(Talk to Asami)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 01.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Ah, there you are. Is the omamori ready?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Almost, I just need to write the blessing. One second.

:'''''Kuki Shinobu finishes the omamori...'''''

:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 02.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Here, Ma'am, please come and pray over here.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 01.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Oh, Great Narukami, please watch over my granddaughter and keep her safe on her journey...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to join them?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' This is a job for a real shrine maiden, like Inagi. I wouldn't be suited to it.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you convince her to leave, like the others?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' There are some things that mortals are powerless to control. Sometimes, praying to the gods is the only thing people can do.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Not to mention that the omamori will mean a lot to her granddaughter. Maybe it'll encourage her to stay safe on her travels.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' So in terms of the outcome, it's beneficial.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' The only people I can't stand are the ones who don't think for themselves and at least try to solve their own problems. By relying on the gods for everything, all they're doing is neglecting themselves and those around them.
:{{DIcon}} Is that why you don't want to be a shrine maiden?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...No, that has nothing to do with it. The reason I don't want to be a shrine maiden is that I don't enjoy it.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But enough about that. It looks like they've just about finished, I think? Let's go over there and say our goodbyes.

:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 02.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Thank you ever so much. When my granddaughter returns next year, I promise to bring her here so we can pay our respects together.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 03.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' You're welcome, Ma'am. Make sure to watch your step on the way down.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 03.ogg}} '''Asami:''' I will, I will.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need any assistance on the way down?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 04.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Don't you worry, now, I've walked this path many a time before.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 05.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Oh yes... I don't believe I've thanked you yet, have I? Thank you for the omamori. I'll make sure that my granddaughter keeps it with her.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You're welcome. Just doing my job.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 06.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Hehe, it's been a long time since we last met each other at this shrine, hasn't it? So, you finally came back?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm? I think you've mistaken me for someone else...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 07.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Oh? Really... Well, perhaps my hearing isn't as good as it used to be.
:{{DIcon}} (That's a point. She didn't seem surprised that we're shrine maidens.)
:{{DIcon}} (Maybe she has eye trouble, too?)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 08.ogg}} '''Asami:''' Although, this is very strange, you sound exactly like another shrine maiden I remember. She didn't talk much, but I remember her voice very well...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 asami 09.ogg}} '''Asami:''' ...*sigh* Anyway, I hope I can hear your voice again when I return with my granddaughter next year.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} She's gone...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} It seems like this wasn't your first time as a shrine maiden...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Yeah, you're right. I once did a stint here as a trainee shrine maiden. It was arranged by my family.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 16.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Unfortunately, I have no happy memories of that period. I just remember the way my family would nag me about etiquette and remembering the rules every time I left the house.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 17.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' And how they'd interrogate me every time I got back from the shrine to check that I'd been on my best behavior and hadn't upset any visitors... Not once did I get a simple "have a nice day" or "welcome back."
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 18.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I couldn't take it anymore so I quit. I was determined to be anything but a shrine maiden, so I studied bookkeeping, worked as an editor for a while, even sat for some exams to qualify as a chef.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 19.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I wear this mask to stop people from recognizing me, because I don't want them to pry into my personal affairs.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 shinobu 20.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Okay, enough chit-chat. It's time to report back to you-know-who.

;(Talk to Inagi Hotomi)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 04.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' I pray that the Electro Archon will bless that lady and her granddaughter...
:{{DIcon}} I wanted to ask &mdash; does she have vision problems?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 05.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Oh, you noticed? Yes, she can't see very well. We always get a little worried for her safety every time she comes up the mountain.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 06.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' But she always refuses our offers to help. She insists that she knows the route like the back of her hand after walking it so many times in her life...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 07.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Luckily, there are shrine maidens along the way who can at least keep an eye on her.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914509 inagihotomi 08.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' May the Electro Archon watch over her and her granddaughter on their respective journeys...
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Day's Wages===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, good show today, both of you. It was so much fun to watch.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Would you be interested in continuing to work as shrine maidens? Or perhaps you'd like to work as editors at Yae Publishing House instead?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It would be a terrible shame to let such fascinating individuals slip away out of my reach.
:{{DIcon}} No thanks.
:{{DIcon}} Please, let me go.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Regrettably, I must decline, Lady Guuji.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' The shrine and Yae Publishing House are both fantastic places to work... They're just not for me.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* Alright... Well, keeping you around under duress would only take all the fun out of it.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Here, these are your wages, as promised. Not a single Mora short.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Wages? No need, Lady Guuji. I'm here today to make amends...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, don't worry. I've already deducted the damages incurred by those boisterous boys from your amount.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If you don't take the payment now, I'll be forced to send someone to deliver the package to the Arataki Gang.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now who should I send... Miyuki, perhaps?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem! No need to go to all that trouble, Lady Guuji. I'll take it today.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Good. How about you, little one? I trust you don't have any reason to refuse?
:{{DIcon}} No, I don't.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's more like it. Ah, one more thing...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You mustn't open the package until after you leave the shrine. Otherwise... you will be cursed with bad luck.
;(Obtain [[Salary Bag]])

;(Talk to Yae Miko again)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What's that? You want to open it now?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914511 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, well, if something bad happens, don't expect me to pick up the pieces.
----
;(Leave the shrine)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' This should be far enough.
:{{DIcon}} Is there really a curse...?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' She's always saying things like that. There's probably nothing in here but plain old Mora.
:{{DIcon}} Really...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Let's see... yep, just Mora... Wait, what the...?
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Careful!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's nothing, I'm just surprised by the amount... The shrine maiden gig was surprisingly lucrative...
:{{DIcon}} But you still won't go back to that life, right?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Definitely not. No amount of Mora could make me enjoy that job.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Let's see your share, then. With no damages deducted, it should be even more, right?
:{{DIcon}} Okay, lemme see...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' That's weird, it's just a single thin sheet...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914512 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Wait... what are you laughing at, (Traveler)?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Unexpected Wages===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Unexpected Wages
|character       = Kuki Shinobu
|act             = 1
|description     = Will the next development be fortunate... or unfortunate?
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shrine Maiden for a Day
|zhs     = 一日巫女
|zhs_rm  = Yī Rì Wūnǚ
|zht     = 一日巫女
|zht_rm  = Yī Rì Wūnǚ
|zh_tl   = One Day Shrine Maiden
|ja      = 一日巫女
|ja_rm   = Ichinichi Miko
|ja_tl   = One-Day Shrine Maiden
|ko      = 일일 무녀
|ko_rm   = Iril Munyeo
|ko_tl   = Oneday Shrine Maiden
|es      = Miko por un día
|es_tl   = Miko for a Day
|fr      = Prêtresse d'un jour
|fr_tl   = Priestess for a Day
|ru      = Один день из жизни жрицы
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = หนึ่งวันของมิโกะ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Một Ngày Của Pháp Sư
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eintagschreinjungfer
|de_tl   = One-Day Shrine Maiden
|id      = Miko Satu Hari
|id_tl   = One-Day Miko
|pt      = Um Dia de Sacerdotisa
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}