{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22046; 22048
|type          = Commission
|image         = 
|npc           = Neko
|region        = Inazuma
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = Complete [[Neko Is a Cat]] [[World Quest]] Series
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Neko; Traveler
}}
'''Shrine Cleanup''' is a daily commission that occurs in [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Neko]]
#Sweep the fallen leaves around the Asase Shrine away (0/5) '''OR''' Clean the dirt around the Asase Shrine away (0/4)
#Report back to Neko

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Neko]], "Provisional Head Priestess of the [[Asase Shrine]]," seems to be troubled about something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Neko:''' The shrine is getting messy again...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Neko:''' Meow, it is you again. Well met.
;(If fallen leaves version)
::'''Neko:''' Ah, the fallen leaves infest the shrine once again. How unsightly...
;(If dirt version)
::'''Neko:''' After a little neglect, the shrine's surroundings have started to collect dirt.
:'''Neko:''' This is no way to greet those humans coming to pay their respects.
:'''Neko:''' Could you aid me in cleaning up the shrine, as you did before?
:{{DIcon}} Don't you have [[Taisuke]] and [[Eiko]] around?
::'''Neko:''' I... will not speak to those two green humans of my own accord.
::'''Neko:''' The tall human always looks upon me with a strange gaze...
::'''Neko:''' And the other green human never seems particularly... motivated?
::'''Neko:''' Meow meow, regardless, they are not reliable humans.
:{{DIcon}} Well, you could ask Mr. [[Ooshima Junpei|Ooshima]] ...
::'''Neko:''' The stone human is always busy with his knock-knock-knocking. Who knows what he is doing.
::'''Neko:''' The stone was knocked, after all. What is he knocking this time, I wonder... How annoying...
;(If fallen leaves version)
::'''Neko:''' Whatever the case, I can only rely on you for this task. Just use the long stick to clean it all up.
;(If dirt version)
::'''Neko:''' Whatever the case, I can only rely on you for this task. Just use the long stick and the water to clean up.
:{{DIcon}} I've got it.
:{{DIcon}} I got you, more or less.
:'''Neko:''' Whatever the case, I shall leave this to you. I...
:'''Neko:''' I will wait for you here, meow meow.

;(Talk to Neko again)
:'''Neko:''' In any case, the cleanup shall be left to you. I will wait for you here, meow meow.
----
;(After sweeping all the leaves)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it certainly looks all spick and span now, huh? Let's go back and look for Neko.
----
;(Report back to Neko)
:'''Neko:''' Mm, have you finished this "cleanup" business?
:{{DIcon}} We sure have.
:'''Neko:''' Meow meow, that is good. You are indeed very reliable.
:'''Neko:''' The shrine certainly looks the part now. Ah, [[Hibiki]] will be pleased when she returns.
:'''Neko:''' I must continue taking good care of this shrine... Meow meow...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shrine Cleanup
|zhs     = 神社大扫除
|zhs_rm  = Shénshè Dàsǎochú
|zht     = 神社大掃除
|zht_rm  = Shénshè Dàsǎochú
|zh_tl   = Shrine Cleanup
|ja      = 神社の大掃除
|ja_rm   = Jinja no Oosouji
|ja_tl   = Shrine Cleanup
|ja_note = {{lang|Jinja|ja=神社}} refers to a Shinto Shrine. {{lang|Oosouji|ja=大掃除}} is a Japanese tradition of thorough cleaning before the new year.
|ko      = 신사 대청소
|ko_rm   = Sinsa Daecheongso
|ko_tl   = Shrine Cleanup
|es      = Limpiando el santuario
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Grand ménage au sanctuaire
|fr_tl   = Large-Scale Cleaning in the Shrine
|ru      = Генеральная уборка в святилище
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ทำความสะอาดศาลเจ้าครั้งใหญ่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Large-Scale Shrine Cleaning
|vi      = Quét Dọn Ngôi Đền
|vi_tl   = Shrine Cleanup
|de      = Großreinigung auf dem Schrein
|de_tl   = Large-Scale Cleaning at the Shrine
|id      = Bersih-Bersih Kuil
|id_tl   = Shrine Cleanup
|pt      = Limpeza do Santuário
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}