{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71109
|image         = World Quest Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mt. Lingmeng]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|poi           = Wangshan Hall
|area          = Chenyu Vale: Upper Vale
|subarea       = Mt. Lingmeng
|prev          = Scrolls and Sword Manuals of Guhua
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*35,000;Recipe: Guhua Fish & Lamb Soup*1
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 142
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero''''' is an [[World Quest]] in [[Mt. Lingmeng]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Keep moving
# Talk to Paimon
# Investigate the mechanism
# Complete the trial
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Hydro Slime*1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Blazing Axe Mitachurl*1;Hilichurl Fighter*4}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Anemo Hilichurl Rogue*1;Hydro Samachurl*2;Geo Samachurl*1}}
#* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|Geovishap*1/{{Pyro}};Geovishap*1/{{Electro}}}}
# Keep moving
# Investigate the ancient sword

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|The Supreme Secret}}.
* Completing all optional trials grants the {{Achievement|True Mastery of Spear and Sword}}.
* The ancient sword is part of the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] [[Wangshan Swordsman's Inscriptions]]. The sword must be interacted with again after the quest for it to count.
* After completing the quest, a {{Enemy|Stonehide Lawachurl}} appears near the Teleport Waypoint outside [[Wangshan Hall]]. Defeating it three times grants the {{Achievement|"Wanna Learn? I'll Teach You!"}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Uncover the secret left behind by Guhua}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the room beyond the teleport waypoint)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, who knew that such a big secret could have been hidden in this run-down Hall...
:{{DIcon}} Honestly, I didn't see it coming either.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe that's why they say you shouldn't judge a book by its cover...
:'''Paimon:''' Also, Paimon doesn't think [[Huang the Third]] knew about this place either... Hold on, could this be the actual "Guhua Treasure Chamber" recorded in the legends?
:'''Paimon:''' Also, {{Traveler}}, look over there! Paimon spies something glowing on that platform!
:{{DIcon}} It must be treasure!
:{{DIcon}} Could it be a... mechanism?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go check it out right away!

;(Open the gate north of the mechanism, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? So this door can be opened using the key Huang the Third gave us too!?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, does this mean that there's only ever been one key to all of Wangshan Hall this whole time!? Uh...

;(Read the Decayed Inscription, optional)
:'''Decayed Inscription:''' "What may pierce light?"
:{{DIcon}} (Touch the stone tablet.)
::'''Decayed Inscription:''' (The stone tablet does not move. It seems like it no longer sees anything about the world as important...)
::{{DIcon}} (Kick the stone tablet.)
::;(A {{Enemy|Large Pyro Slime}} and {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=3}} appear)
::;(After defeating the enemies)
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Seems like something just opened...
::{{DIcon}} (Leave.)
:{{DIcon}} (Leave.)

;(Read the Indistinct Inscription, optional)
:'''Indistinct Inscription:''' "What shall cut the rain?"
:{{DIcon}} (Touch the stone tablet.)
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Seems like something just opened...
:{{DIcon}} (Leave.)

;(Read the Engraved Inscription)
:'''Engraved Inscription:''' ...The heavens are unfaithful, and those who seek its blessing and gain audience are rare. Fate is capricious, and those whose prosperity endures are few... They who are favored often find their paths barred, and worse awaits those who are not...
:'''Engraved Inscription:''' ...This monument was left to ask this of future generations. When you have reached a dead end, what shall you do?
:{{DIcon}} (Touch the stone tablet.)
:;(Continue to combat)
:{{DIcon}} (Leave.)

;(After the first wave of enemies appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is this... is this another one of Guhua's trials? This is almost insulting how much we're being underestimated!

;(After the third wave of enemies appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah&mdash;! W&mdash;Wait, how did it end up like this so quickly?

;(After completing the trial)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, just like before, the water level has dropped...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a second, didn't Huang the Third mention something about "12 Secret Chambers"? Wait, those Guhua people didn't really create twelve identical mechanisms, did they!?

;(Read the Engraved Inscription again, optional)
:'''Engraved Inscription:''' ...The heavens are unfaithful, and those who seek its blessing and gain audience are rare. Fate is capricious, and those whose prosperity endures are few... They who are favored often find their paths barred, and worse awaits those who are not...
:'''Engraved Inscription:''' ...This monument was left to ask this of future generations. When you have reached a dead end, what shall you do?
:{{DIcon}} (There seems to be a faint engraving of a spear on this inscription...)
:;(Continue to time trial)
:{{DIcon}} (There seems to be a faint engraving of a sword on this inscription...)
:;(Continue to combat trial)
:{{DIcon}} (Leave.)

;(Approach the sword)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? This sword seems to have something written on it. Let Paimon see...
:'''Ancient Swordsman's Inscriptions:''' "...Caressing the blade, singing I go, to cleave dragons and drink their blood. The divine light, like flowing lightning, like a frigid wave, threatens to smash the mountains..."
:'''Ancient Swordsman's Inscriptions:''' "...Beneath [[Mt. Tianheng]], I slay tigers, the scaled beast I skewer amidst the [[Sea of Clouds]]... When I return crowned in success, we shall live at ease..."
:'''Paimon:''' There's also a stone tablet next to it... Eh? The handwriting below seems to be different...
:'''Ancient Engraving:''' "...I originally wanted to leave behind some delicacies here. But the food would inevitably spoil over time, so I left the recipes here for you to cook instead. I assure you, they shall be delicious indeed."
:'''Ancient Engraving:''' "...Apart from these, nothing else remains. Only this sword and the beautiful scenery."
:'''Ancient Engraving:''' "...When faced with a dead end, what should we do? You already know the answer."
:'''Crooked Engraving:''' "...Do not take... treasure, leaving solely one... henceforth..."
:'''Crooked Engraving:''' May my final stand... be a monument...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... These lines here are so illegible that Paimon can't understand it one bit!
:{{DIcon}} They roughly mean that he didn't take anything with him.
:{{DIcon}} I don't get them either...
:'''Paimon:''' *sob* After all this, we didn't find a single valuable treasure. All that hope for nothing...
:{{DIcon}} You're telling me!
:{{DIcon}} It's okay. I'll make you something to eat.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? For real!? Then it's settled, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon never imagined that we'd be able to still see such scenery in a tight spot like this, though... It's something at least, right?

;(Read the Ancient Swordsman's Inscriptions (I), optional)
:'''Ancient Swordsman's Inscriptions (I):''' "...Caressing the blade, singing I go, to cleave dragons and drink their blood. The divine light, like flowing lightning, like a frigid wave, threatens to smash the mountains..."
:'''Ancient Swordsman's Inscriptions (I):''' "...Beneath Mt. Tianheng, I slay tigers, the scaled beast I skewer amidst the Sea of Clouds... When I return crowned in success, we shall live at ease..."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Ipx3ob4P0CU&t=427
|caption1 = Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero Guide
}}

==Trivia==
*The title of the quest is a reference to the 2000 martial arts film, {{w|Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero
|zhs     = 秘谷侠隐
|zhs_rm  = Mìgǔ Xiáyǐn
|zht     = 秘谷俠隱
|zht_rm  = Mìgǔ Xiáyǐn
|zh_tl   = Secret Valley's Hidden Gallant
|ja      = 秘密の谷に潜む侠客
|ja_rm   = Himitsu no Tani ni Hisomu Kyoukaku
|ja_tl   = {{w|Youxia}} Hiding in the Secret Vale
|ko      = 은둔 협객의 비밀
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El caballero oculto en el valle secreto
|es_tl   = The Hidden Knight in the Secret Valley
|fr      = Héros caché dans la vallée secrète
|fr_tl   = Hero Hidden in the Secret Valley
|ru      = Скрытая долина, тайный герой
|ru_tl   = Concealed Vale, Hidden
 Hero
|th      = ซ่อนผู้กล้าในหุบเขาลับ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Anh Hùng Trong Thung Lũng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verhülltes Tal, verborgener Held
|de_tl   = Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero
|id      = Lembah Misteri, Pendekar Rahasia
|id_tl   = Mystery Valley, Secret Warrior
|pt      = Vale Rodeado, Herói Escondido
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gizli Vadi, Saklı Kahraman
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vallata dei segreti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}