{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19016
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Sayu
|actNum        = I
|act           = Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu
|description   = You decide to investigate the Shuumatsuban personally. You and Sayu decide to lure the person who gave the order out...<br /><br />Having learned of the trouble the person who gave the order is in, you and Sayu decide to help him...<br /><br />You've captured the person who gave the order. Now all that's left is to take him for questioning.
|startLocation = [[Byakko Plain]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = A Mysterious Order
|characters    = Aoki; Inou; Kamisato Ayaka; Kotomi; Ogawa; Sayu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Shuumatsuban Suspicions''' is a quest in [[Sayu]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu]].

==Steps==
# Go to the agreed place and wait for the other party
#*Ask Ogawa to tell the truth. Proceed to '''The Truth Behind the Order'''.
#*Hand Ogawa over to the Yashiro Commission. Procceed to '''Face-Off'''.

===The Truth Behind the Order===
#Go with Ogawa to meet the Kairagi
#Defeat the Kairagi
#*{{Enemy|Kairagi: Fiery Might|text=Inou|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Nobushi: Hitsukeban|x=2}}
#*Sayu will join the team as a trial character.
#Talk to Sayu

===Face-Off===
#Bring Ogawa to the Yashiro Commission for a confrontation
#Comfort the confused Sayu

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 8
|character_name          = Sayu
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Favonius Greatsword
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11
|hp8                     = 25,025
|atk8                    = 1,536
|def8                    = 872
|em8                     = 201
|er8                     = 193.5%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
===Two Can Play This Game===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 01.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Sayu, is it true? Have you completed the mission?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 02.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' I don't recall you ever taking any ambush missions before. How were you able to deal with the renowned Traveler so swiftly?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 01b.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh, well... You see, I... I caught (him/her) off guard! Yeah, that's it, (he/she) didn't have time to react.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' All it took was one THUMP! Then BAM! And it was over...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 03.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Oh no, how could this be. I really didn't see this coming...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 04.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Don't you usually just ignore your orders from the Shuumatsuban? How was I supposed to know that you'd actually take this one and finish it so efficiently?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh, well, I don't feel sleepy every day, you know.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So don't underestimate me. My sensei did teach me some ambush techniques, I just never used them before, that's all.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 05.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' I see... Fine, I'll report back then.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hey, wait! Don't leave! (Traveler), you can come out now!
:{{DIcon}} Stop right there.
:{{DIcon}} Don't even think about running off.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 06.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Huh!? Explain yourself, Sayu. What's going on here? So... you were lying to me the whole time? The Traveler is still alive?
:{{DIcon}} Alive and in the flesh.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The shrine maiden already confirmed that there was no such mission.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So we decided to catch you red-handed in your own game, you sneaky sneak.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 07.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' W&mdash;Wait, I can explain! It's not what you think!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 08.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Yes, I was the one who forged the ambush mission, but I had good reason to!
:{{DIcon}} Tell us the truth, no more lies!
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Save it for the Yashiro Commission. I'm sure they'd love to hear your story.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Tell us the truth, no more lies!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 10.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Just hear me out! You see, last night, my little daughter suddenly disappeared from home. I was starting to get worried when a Kairagi appeared at my door and told me they'd taken her.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 11.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' They told me I'd only see my kid again if I did exactly as they said. Their terms were for me to forge orders from the Yashiro Commission and dispatch a ninja to ambush the Traveler.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 10a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 10b.ogg}}--> '''Sayu:''' Huh? That doesn't make sense... Why would the Kairagi want to ambush the Traveler? And why the Shuumatsuban?
:{{DIcon}} I fight the Kairagi on a daily basis, it only makes sense that they would seek revenge.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, no wonder...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they know that they're not strong enough to take me out, so they wanted to hire an expert to do the job.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 12.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' That seems about right. I was puzzled myself, but they didn't tell me anything... and I didn't dare to ask.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 13.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' I was scared out of my wits. I simply did whatever they told me to.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 14.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Then it dawned on me that Sayu was the only ninja that never carried out such confrontational tasks, and that Kano Nana is her guardian.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 15.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' So I thought that if I assigned the task to Sayu, it wouldn't be a threat to you at all. Half the time she never even completes her tasks.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 16.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' To my surprise, just as I was about to secretly contact the Tenryou Commission and save my kid, I found Sayu's bag in the mission crate indicating that the job was taken care of... It scared me half to death.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No wonder you looked so unhappy when I met with you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 17a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 17a.ogg}}--> '''Ogawa:''' Of course, given the Traveler's position in the Yashiro Commission, who would dare make any move against them... After hearing Sayu carried out the task, I really felt things were spinning out of control.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 18.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' To be honest, I was relieved to see that you were all right.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' He seems to be telling the truth.
:{{DIcon}} He did seem a bit relieved when I appeared. Now it makes sense.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Are the Kairagi still holding your child hostage?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 19.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Yes, that's right. Myself and the Tenryou Commission are both at a loss as to what to do now...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 20.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' If the Kairagi catch on to us, they might harm my child... *sigh* No, we mustn't let that happen, no matter what.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Seems we need to come up with a plan of our own.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 21.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' What do you suggest?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Think about it this way... If I did successfully ambush the Traveler, you would still have to report it to the Kairagi.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 22.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Ah, I see. I'll use the evidence to rescue my daughter!
:{{DIcon}} But there's a chance the Kairagi won't go along with it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No worries, we'll be hiding nearby, so we can act if we need to.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a plan.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Now I can put my ninjutsu to good use, heh!
:{{DIcon}} Seems you've considered all the possible angles.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's a serious situation, we should all be vigilant.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 23.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Then it's decided. I'll contact the Kairagi as well as the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 24.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' My child's safety is in your hands. Please, don't let anything happen to her.
:;(Proceed to [[#The Truth Behind the Order|The Truth Behind the Order]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====The Truth Behind the Order====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It seems the Kairagi has arrived. Oh, and that must be Mr. Ogawa's daughter.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Even after they hear the news that the ambush has been completed, there's no telling whether they'd make good on their promise to Mr. Ogawa.
:{{DIcon}} I have my doubts.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' They really have no honor, do they?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure they'll still want more.
:{{DIcon}} Greed has no end.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I see...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Alright, I'll stay wide awake and fully alert.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, me too.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 01b.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Alright, you asked me to dispatch a ninja to get rid of the Traveler. Well, the deed is done. Here's some proof: (his/her) hair and clothing.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 01.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Oh, is that so? Show me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 02.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Hmph, seems legit. How could I forget this gaudy hair color.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 03.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Imagine, a Traveler from another land just coming here and attacking my people. That rascal should have known better.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 04b.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Heh, too bad (he/she) never had the chance to learn from (his/her) mistakes. Haha!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 02.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Well then, I've held up my end of the deal. Now you must hold up yours, where's my child?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 05.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Oh? You really don't get it, do you?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 03.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' What!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 06.ogg}} '''Inou:''' I only said that it was over for her unless you do as I say. I never said anything about returning the little brat to you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 kotomi 01.ogg}} '''Kotomi:''' Daddy...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 07.ogg}} '''Inou:''' I think we've held up our terms, I even brought her here to prove it to you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 08.ogg}} '''Inou:''' This way, I'm sure you'll be willing as ever to continue working with us.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 04.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Huh? That's not what you said!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 09.ogg}} '''Inou:''' You dare speak in such a tone with me!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 10.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Don't let me lose my temper. Who's to say that I won't just do away with the both of you... I can do anything when I'm angry.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 11.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Or... perhaps you feel bolder now because you've already ratted on me to the Shogunate? Hmm!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 05.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Huh? No, no, I wouldn't dare, I...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 06.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' But my child... Tell me, what must I do to get my child back!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 12.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Let me think about it... And while I'm thinking, you can use these invincible ninja of yours to take out a couple pesky members of the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 07.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Huh, how could I do that! How could anyone from the Shuumatsuban move against the Tenryou Commission!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 13.ogg}} '''Inou:''' That's not my problem to figure out. It's yours!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 14.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Enough talking. Now, get out of here.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 ogawa 08.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Argh!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hey! You really think we'd just let you off the hook like that?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 15.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Huh!? Who are you? Ninja?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 16.ogg}} '''Inou:''' And you! Aren't you supposed to be...
:{{DIcon}} Getting rid of me isn't that easy.
:{{DIcon}} I'm the outlander, Traveler of countless worlds!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 17.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Ugh! Brothers, get them!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901602 inou 18.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Ugh, Ogawa! This isn't over, you'll pay for this. You haven't seen the last of me!
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 inou 01.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Hehe, not another step closer, Traveler. I'm warning you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 inou 02.ogg}} '''Inou:''' You certainly live up to your reputation, there's no doubt about that... But remember, the little girl is still in my hands.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 inou 03.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Best not to do anything too hasty, we wouldn't want anything to happen to her, would we now?
:;(The camera pans to "Kotomi" who turns out to be the Sayu trick)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 inou 04.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Hehe, don't test me now, I'll... Wait, huh...!?
:{{DIcon}} It's not afraid of your blade.
:{{DIcon}} Go ahead, do it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 inou 05.ogg}} '''Inou:''' H&mdash;How did this happen? When did you...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You've heard how skilled the ninja of the Shuumatsuban are, haven't you? Heh, too easy!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So easy that... *yawn* I'm starting to feel a little bit sleepy.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 inou 06.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Huh? You little brat, you dare mock me? I'll pulverize you!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 aoki 01.ogg}} '''Aoki:''' Stop right there!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 aoki 02.ogg}} '''Aoki:''' This is the guy you reported to us for causing a disturbance.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 01.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Yes, that's right! Kotomi is already safe. Quick, you must apprehend him immediately!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 inou 07.ogg}} '''Inou:''' Argh!

:'''''The Kairagi tries to flee but is captured and taken away by the Tenryou Commission.'''''

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 kotomi 01.ogg}} '''Kotomi:''' Daddy!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 kotomi 02.ogg}} '''Kotomi:''' *sobs* I knew that you would come to rescue me!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 02.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Don't cry, my dear. Daddy's here. Everything's all right now.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 03b.ogg}}--> '''Ogawa:''' Come now, you should thank these two. Without them, we would have never been able to rescue you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 kotomi 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo zycop001 1901604 kotomi 03b.ogg}} '''Kotomi:''' Thank you, (Mr./Ms.) Traveler! You and Ms. Ninja saved me!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ms. Ninja...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hehe, don't mention it. It's nothing for a ninja.
:{{DIcon}} I'm just glad you're okay.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 04.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Such agility, and the way you handled that blade... I must say that I am quite impressed.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 05.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' As for Sayu, I had thought that you'd given up on your ninja training. But somehow you seem to be stronger than ever.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 06.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' If you don't mind, I'll be taking my child home now. Her mother has been worried sick.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 07.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Thank you, all of you. I could never repay you.
:{{DIcon}} You're most welcome.
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad we could help.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 ogawa 08.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' Please take care, the road is still dangerous.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901604 kotomi 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo zycop001 1901604 kotomi 04b.ogg}} '''Kotomi:''' Thank you (Mr./Ms.) Traveler and Ms. Ninja!
:;(Ogawa and Kotomi leave)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hey, please wait a second. There's something I've been meaning to tell you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' This isn't the first time the Kairagi have done something like this. With a little further investigation, I think we could track down the bigger fish.
:{{DIcon}} You seem to have changed, Sayu. So hard working now...
:{{DIcon}} But don't you feel sleepy?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Well, to be honest, I couldn't care less at first. All that ambushing stuff was just getting in the way of my nap schedule...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But after witnessing the crying kid and that big, nasty bad guy, I couldn't just ignore the situation like usual.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' At that moment, the situation felt a lot more personal... Like it was my own problem, too.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' In the end, the little girl thanked us, and even called me Ms. Ninja... No one has ever called me that before.
:{{DIcon}} Who knows, Sayu... Maybe you're a really hard worker after all.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, don't count on it... This time just was an exception. Sleeping is still what I do best.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' In fact, once this is all over with, I'm going to find a nice, comfy spot where nobody can find me and take a long nap.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yes... A really long... Comfy... *yawn*
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew, I'm getting sleepy...
:{{DIcon}} Let's all take a rest then, shall we?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No need, let's head back first. If I fall asleep now, I'm worried that I might forget some of the things that happened today...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901606 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So don't worry about me... I'll be just... fine... *dozing off*
{{Dialogue end}}
====Ending: The Best Rest====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Best Rest
|character       = Sayu
|act             = 1
|description     = The sleep after one's labor is always the sweetest. She's worked hard &mdash; you suppose you can watch over her for a while longer.
}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Save it for the Yashiro Commission. I'm sure they'd love to hear your story.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 ogawa 09.ogg}} '''Ogawa:''' N&mdash;No, please, just hear me out! I'll explain everything!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I've got him tied up, he's not going anywhere.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901601 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' That takes care of that. Now all we need to do is drag you back and I can have a good night's sleep.
:;(Proceed to [[#Face-Off|Face-Off]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Face-Off====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ayaka)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hm? Oh, hello Traveler. And I see Sayu and Mr. Ogawa are with you. Is something the matter?

:'''''After figuring the whole story out, Ayaka immediately arranges for the Yashiro Commission to open up an investigation.'''''

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I understand the situation... It seems Mr. Ogawa was only acting out of coercion from the Kairagi, he had no intent to truly harm you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' However, it concerns me that those forged orders went as far as they did, it's my responsibility to look into such matters. I will take the appropriate measures to resolve this.
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
:{{DIcon}} As long as we can resolve the situation.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Allow me to take the investigation matters from here. You needn't worry any longer.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn* If that's all, then we should get going.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I can't help but feel a little uneasy here...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's not often that I get to see you here, Sayu.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh... Heh.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It seems that Sayu is almost always sleepy and in need of a good nap. To see her here accompanying you and addressing these matters goes to show how much effort she is expending on your behalf.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But from now on, you should better attend to your duties. There's no need to keep Kano Nana worrying all the time.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But I don't want to work...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' All I want is some sleep, but you keep the shrine maiden on my tail all the time.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' There's loads of way more qualified ninja to handle every task. The Shuumatsuban would be the same with or without me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 08a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 08b.ogg}}--> '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But you performed admirably the first time you assisted the Traveler, did you not?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Everyone believes that there are some missions that only you can accomplish.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This truth remains, whether you choose to believe it or not. Your sensei taught you ninjutsu so that you may step in when a mission needs you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yes, I understand, but...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sorry, I don't know what to say.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I should go... bye.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' *sigh* ...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps you were a little too hard on her?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' She's just a little... lost. It is only my wish to help her.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Before her sensei suddenly decided to leave, they insisted that I watch over her progress. Part of the reason I've assigned Kano Nana to keep an eye on her is to fulfill my promise.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' In fact, I'm certain that Sayu remembers her sensei's aspirations for her quite clearly. Otherwise, she would have quit the Shuumatsuban long ago.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' She's been lost and unsure of herself ever since her beloved sensei's abrupt departure.
:{{DIcon}} I understand. I'll go see if I can talk to her.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you, Traveler. She obviously has some reservations towards me. Though I've only desired to help and look after her, I'm afraid it's never culminated to much.
:{{DIcon}} This is what we call "growing pains."
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901605 ayaka 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, perhaps you're right.

;(Talk to Ayaka again)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please, go and talk to her. See if you can offer her any console.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I understand the trouble she is facing. Fortunately, she is young and has many years ahead of her. There's no need to be hasty.
----
;(Talk to Sayu)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sensei told me that all I need to do is grow big and tall. I remember that...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I had no idea how difficult such a simple thing could turn out to be.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'm not complaining, you know. I understand everyone has hopes for me... Miss Kamisato, Sensei, the shrine maiden...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But I haven't done anything right. And whenever I try to do my best, I can't help but feel more pressure bearing down on me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If only I grew a little taller, maybe then I could handle it.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry Sayu. Like Ayaka said, no one wants to pressure you.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sigh* I guess all I can do is say sorry...
:{{DIcon}} If you don't try now, there's no guarantee that you can do well in the future.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I get it. That's why I admire those who still try... even if they don't want to.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you won't grow right away, but I can lift you higher whenever needed.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But, what would I do if I keep you from growing? No, I would feel too guilty...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Anyway, thank you. I don't know what else to say. Even talking is starting to feel difficult now.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901607 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' This is why I don't like coming here...
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Little Sayu's Troubles====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Little Sayu's Troubles
|character       = Sayu
|act             = 1
|description     = Everyone's got to learn how to deal with things despite the many frustrations they face, and Sayu is no different...
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Shuumatsuban Suspicions
|zhs     = 「终末番」疑云
|zhs_rm  = "Zhōngmò-fān" Yíyún
|zht     = 「終末番」疑雲
|zht_rm  = "Zhōngmò-fān" Yíyún
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 「終末番」疑惑
|ja_rm   = "Shuumatsuban" Giwaku
|ja_tl   = "Shuumatsuban" Doubt
|ko      = 「종말번대」에 대한 의혹
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La sospecha de Los Ocelos
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Soupçons sur le Shuumatsuban
|fr_tl   = Suspicions About the Shuumatsuban
|ru      = Подозрения Сюмацубан
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Shuumatsuban ที่น่าสงสัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Shuumatsuban" Nghi Ngờ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Shuumatsuban-Verdachtsfälle
|de_tl   = Shuumatsuban Suspect Cases
|id      = Kecurigaan Shuumatsuban
|id_tl   = Shuumatsuban Suspicions
|pt      = Dúvidas sobre o Shiyuumatsu-Ban
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}