{{Faction Infobox
|image        = 
|affiliation  = 
* [[Kamisato Clan]]
* [[Yashiro Commission]]
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = 
}}
The {{Lang|'''Shuumatsuban'''|ja=終末番|ja_rm=Shuumatsu-ban}} is a secret [[Inazuma]]n organization under the [[Yashiro Commission]].<ref name="proof of guilt">{{Ref/Quest|Proof of Guilt}}</ref><ref name="sayu char details">{{Ref/CS|Sayu|Character Details}}</ref>

[[Sayu]] is described as its resident ninja, although all Shuumatsuban members appear to practice ninjutsu.<ref name="proof of guilt" /><ref name="Nakanishi">{{Ref/NPC|Nakanishi}}</ref>

Their headquarters is a ninja village.<ref name="Nakanishi" />

==Activities==
The Shuumatsuban works to keep Inazuma safe.<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Gendou Ringo's Strange Fortune Slips}}</ref><ref name="SlipSeries">{{Ref/Quest|The Very Special Fortune Slip}}</ref> Their duties appear to revolve around espionage, intelligence gathering, and assassinations, which require them to utilize a wide range of skills, including combat. They are led by the head of the Kamisato Clan and Yashiro Commissioner, currently [[Kamisato Ayato]]. Shuumatsuban members report directly to Ayato,<ref name="ayato vo">{{Ref/VO|Kamisato Ayato|More About Kamisato Ayato: IV}}</ref> but they may answer to others in exceptional circumstances.<ref name="ninken by the shore" />

Members receive a monthly salary. Sayu's salary for one month is 200,000 [[Mora]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Buyer's Guide to the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder}}</ref>

==Membership==
Most of the Shuumatsuban are orphans who were taken in and raised by the organization starting at a young age, such as Sayu. As a result, Shuumatsuban members are highly loyal.<ref name="ayato vo" /> [[Momoyo]] is one such member,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where the Dandelions Find Rest}}</ref> and while Sayu is known more for her laziness, she is still loyal to the Shuumatsuban.<ref name="sayu char details" />

The identities of most Shuumatsuban members are highly classified and kept secret from the vast majority of people, to the point that even those who die while carrying out top-secret missions are not publicly commemorated.<ref name="ninken by the shore">{{Ref/Quest|Ninken by the Shore}}</ref>

==Members==
===Leadership===
* [[Kamisato Ayato]] (current head)

===Active Ninja===
* [[Inu Shoushou]]
* [[Momoyo]]
* [[Sayu]]
* [[Hisashi]]

===Active Staff===
* [[Kazuaki]] (unknown position)
* [[Kano Nana]] (unknown position, possibly an instructor)<ref name="sayu hangout beginning">{{Ref/Quest|A Mysterious Order}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sleep Alone Can't Wait}}</ref>
* [[Ogawa]] (delivers orders, receives reports for ambush missions)<ref name="sayu hangout beginning" /><ref name="sayu hangout suspicions">{{Ref/Quest|Shuumatsuban Suspicions}}</ref>
* [[Koharu]] (Kamisato Clan house servant, ninja-in-training)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Mushounin}}</ref>

===Former===
* Kamisato Ayato's father (former head, deceased)
* Inu Shoushou's owner (presumed deceased)
* [[Furuta]] (retired/Koharu's sensei)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|"Outlander Brigade!"}}</ref>
* [[Momoka]] (presumed deceased)
* [[Nakanishi]] (retired)<ref name="Nakanishi" />
* [[Taroumaru]] (retired)<ref name="Nakanishi" />
* Sayu's sensei (left, status unknown)<ref name="sayu hangout suspicions" /><ref>{{Ref/CS|Sayu|5}}</ref>

===Other===
* [[Kamisato Ayaka]] (unknown position, has some authority)<ref name="sayu hangout suspicions" />
* [[Thoma]] (unknown position, has some authority)<ref name="ninken by the shore" />

==Trivia==
* The term {{Lang|''ban''|ja=番}} as a group of samurai refers to guards or a squad to maintain security. For instance, between 1716 and 1868, the shoguns of the Tokugawa Shogunate employed elite intelligence officers called {{Lang|{{w|Oniwaban}}|ja=御庭番|ja_tl=His Excellency's Garden Guard}}. In popular culture, the officers of Oniwaban are often depicted as veteran spies akin to ''ninja'' during the medieval period (c. 1200&ndash;c. 1600).
* The slogan of the Shuumatsuban seems to be, "Send in the Shuumatsu to end traitors and criminals alike."<ref name="SlipSeries" />
* According to the stage description of [[Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival/Bunshin Phantasm#Key Mechanisms That Shouldn't Be Misjudged|Key Mechanisms That Shouldn't Be Misjudged]], there is a Shuumatsuban text that states, "a competent ninja never overlooks any mechanism in play, for it may prove key to turning the tables..."
* The Shuumatsuban can make elemental powder. It is slightly toxic.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Shuumatsuban Operations}}</ref>
* A skill that Shuumatsuban can learn is how to make artificial cadavers for faking someone's death. These are made up of [[Raw Meat]] for body weight, smelted [[White Iron Chunk|White Iron]] composite bones, and [[Sea Ganoderma]] for body fat. After being dressed in the subject's distinct clothes the cadaver is subjected to burn damage; it is implied that this would disguise the creation's 'features' while the damaged clothes leave enough evidence for the body to be identifiable as the subject. Making one body generally takes one entire day.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Replacement's Secret}}</ref>
* Ayato also uses the Shuumatsuban to deliver strange foods to Thoma.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|New Shoots from Old Branches}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Shuumatsuban
|zhs      = 终末番
|zhs_rm   = Zhōngmò-fān
|zht      = 終末番
|zht_rm   = Zhōngmò-fān
|zh_tl    = End Squad{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja       = 終末番
|ja_rm    = Shuumatsu-ban<ref>{{Ref/VO|Sayu|初めまして…|ja}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = End Squad
|ko       = {{tt|종말번대|終末番隊}}
|ko_rm    = Jongmal-beondae
|ko_tl    = Shuumatsuban Unit
|es       = Los Ocelos
|es_tl    = The {{w|Eyespot_(mimicry)|Ocelli}}
|fr       = Shuumatsuban
|ru       = Сюмацубан
|th       = Shuumatsuban
|vi       = Shuumatsuban
|de       = Shuumatsuban
|id       = Shuumatsuban
|pt       = Shiyuumatsu-Ban
|tr       = Shuumatsuban
|it       = Shuumatsuban
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[de:Shuumatsuban]]
[[es:Los Ocelos]]
[[fr:Shuumatsuban]]
[[ja:終末番]]
[[pt-br:Shiyuumatsu-Ban]]
[[th:Shuumatsuban]]
[[vi:Shuumatsuban]]