{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Sick Old Lady.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = During [[Underground Crime]]
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Potton
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Sick Old Lady''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in {{Quest|The Warmth of Lies}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
The Sick Old Lady's name is unknown. She is [[Potton]]'s mother, and raised him alone. As he grew, she became progressively more sick. In an attempt to improve his fortunes and his ability to provide treatment for his mother, Potton used a potion on himself to change his appearance, creating an alter ego named Rawat. However, he was dismayed to find that not only did the treatments fail to improve her health, his mother no longer recognized him because of his new appearance.

After Potton's arrest and later escape from [[Fortress of Meropide]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Sigewinne]] looked for him at his mother's home. By this time, she was bed-bound, and Sigewinne cared for her, though she was unable to do much more than to make her more comfortable.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Switcheroo}}</ref>

The Traveler, Sigewinne, and the [[Marechaussee Phantom]] later encountered Potton, his face now disfigured from his potion. Potton trapped them in a chamber with poison gas, but Sigewinne convinced him to release them in exchange for an enhanced version of the potion, allowing him to temporarily restore his face. After escaping, Potton immediately went to visit his mother, hoping that she'd recognize him one last time. Unfortunately, her eyesight and hearing had deteriorated so much that she could no longer recognize anyone by those means. Potton held her hand, but still she did not recognize him, although she did recognize Sigewinne by the same means, suggesting that Potton was no longer the man his mother used to know as her son. After thanking Sigewinne, the Sick Old Lady passed away, believing that her son had never returned to see her.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Underground Crime}}</ref>

===Appearance===
The Sick Old Lady has gray, shoulder-length hair and wears Fontanian-styled clothing in blue and gray, with a copper-colored shawl. She is only ever encountered while she is lying in her bed at home, and is only barely able to acknowledge the presence of others in the room.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Sick Old Lady
|zhs     = 病重的老太太
|zhs_rm  = Bìngzhòng de Lǎo Tàitài
|zht     = 重病的老太太
|zht_rm  = Zhòngbìng de Lǎo Tàitài
|ja      = 重篤な老婦人
|ja_rm   = Juutoku-na Roufujin
|ko      = 병든 할머니
|ko_rm   = Byeongdeun Halmeoni
|es      = Anciana enferma
|fr      = Vieille femme malade
|ru      = Больная пожилая женщина
|th      = หญิงชราที่ป่วยหนัก
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Bà Lão Bệnh Nặng
|de      = Schwerkranke alte Dame
|id      = Wanita Tua yang Sakit
|pt      = Idosa Doente
|tr      = Hasta Yaşlı Kadın
|it      = Anziana malata
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}