{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Side by Side We Venture
|image             = Side by Side We Venture.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-01 11:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-12 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/15562
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20210901people/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|character         = Albedo;Amber;Barbara;Beidou;Bennett;Chongyun;Diluc;Diona;Eula;Fischl;Ganyu;Hu Tao;Jean;Kaedehara Kazuha;Kaeya;Kamisato Ayaka;Keqing;Klee;Kujou Sara;Lisa;Mona;Ningguang;Noelle;Paimon;Qiqi;Raiden Shogun;Razor;Rosaria;Sangonomiya Kokomi;Sayu;Sucrose;Tartaglia;Venti;Xiangling;Xiao;Xingqiu;Xinyan;Yanfei;Yoimiya;Zhongli
}}

Recently, many new adventurers have joined the Adventurers' Guild, while others have returned as well. In order to help them adapt to their new adventuring lifestyle, the Guild has issued a series of special commissions: Travelers can join hands with returning and new adventurers to complete commissions to get rewards!

During the event, all adventurers can get special and common vouchers by completing event commissions. Use 100 common vouchers or 100 special vouchers to participate in the draw, and stand a chance to win Primogems, physical prizes, Character EXP Materials as well as other rewards!

Come participate in the event and join the adventure!

==Event Duration==
* Event Duration: 2021/09/01 – 2021/10/12 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Gift Draw: 2021/09/01 – 2021/10/07 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Address Filling Period: 2021/09/01 – 2021/10/12 23:59 (UTC+8)
<nowiki>*</nowiki>After October 7, 2021, 23:59 (UTC +8), you can no longer complete commissions or draw for gifts. Make sure you claim your special and common vouchers in time and take part in the draw.

==Eligibility==
===Returning Adventurers===
Must meet the following criteria as of the end of the Version 2.1 update maintenance:
#Adventure Rank 10 or above
#At least 14 days since last game login
#The last time that the player activated the "Stellar Reunion" event was over 45 days ago (not including the day of activation)
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Note: "[[Stellar Reunion]]" is an in-game event that Returning Adventurers can take part in. Take part to receive rewards including [[Primogems]] ×500, [[Fragile Resin]] ×3, and the 4-star sword [[Prototype Rancour]].

===New Adventurers===
Adventurers who joined after 2021/09/01 04:00 (UTC+8)

===Active Adventurers===
Adventurers at [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above who are neither New nor Returning Adventurers

==Event Details==
*PC & Mobile: [https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20210901people/index.html >>Click Here to Take Part in the Event<<]
**Once you have accessed the event page, please log in using your miHoYo account and select the appropriate server and corresponding character in order to ensure that you will be able to receive and claim your event rewards.
*During the event period, Travelers who were not yet at Adventure Rank 10 or above at the beginning of the event will receive the event mail upon reaching Adventure Rank 10.
*PS4/PS5: If you have successfully linked your miHoYo Account, it is recommended to use the miHoYo Account to log in directly to play the game. If you have not linked your miHoYo Account, you can continue to use your UID to log in to the game.
**[https://www.hoyolab.com/article/533197 >> Check How to Link Your Account <<]

===Invitation Rules===
1. Become an Inviter

Each adventurer can invite up to 4 new adventurers and 4 returning adventurers at the same time. Active adventurers are not eligible to be invited. Returning adventurers and new adventurers alike can also be inviters in their own right.

2. Cancel Trip

Adventurers can, of their own accord, cancel trips with returning adventurers or new adventurers. During the event, adventurers can cancel trips up to 20 times. After a trip has been canceled, the commission progress made by the canceled returning adventurer or new adventurer on the commission page will no longer continue. Adventurers whose trips are canceled cannot be re-invited.

3. Companion Rewards

Returning adventurers and new adventurers who join the event through the invitation link will be deemed to have successfully been invited.
Adventurers who are successfully invited can obtain "[[Come and Get It]] ×3", which can only be claimed once by each adventurer. New and returning adventurers are welcome to actively seek out inviters!

===Commissions===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
! Commission
! Common Voucher
! Special Voucher
! Type
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Log in to the event page for the first time every day to obtain Common Voucher × 20. This can be done a maximum of 10 times
| 20
| 0
| Daily
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Share the event page every day to obtain Common Voucher × 20. This can be done a maximum of 10 times
| 20
| 0
| Daily
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite your first adventurer to return to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite your second adventurer to return to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite your third adventurer to return to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite your fourth adventurer to return to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite 1 adventurer to return, and if the invitee has over 600 vouchers in total, you can obtain Common Voucher × 100 and Special Voucher × 100
| 100
| 100
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite 2 adventurers to return, and if the invitees have over 1,200 vouchers in total, you can obtain Common Voucher × 100 and Special Voucher × 100
| 100
| 100
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite 3 adventurers to return, and if the invitees have over 1,800 vouchers in total, you can obtain Common Voucher × 100 and Special Voucher × 100
| 100
| 100
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Successfully invite 4 adventurers to return, and if the invitees have over 2,400 vouchers in total, you can obtain Common Voucher × 100 and Special Voucher × 100
| 100
| 100
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | If 1 of the invited adventurers has completed the "[[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]]" quest chain, you will obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | If 2 of the invited adventurers has completed the "[[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]]" quest chain, you will obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | If 1 of the invited returning adventurers has completed all the "[[Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part III|Cuisine Machine Test Run]]" quests from "Moonlight Merriment," you will obtain Common Voucher × 150
| 150
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | If 1 of your invited adventurers reaches Adventure Rank 20, you will obtain Common Voucher × 200
| 200
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | If 1 of your invited adventurers reaches Adventure Rank 30, you will obtain Common Voucher × 200
| 200
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | If 2 of your invited adventurers reach Adventure Rank 40, you will obtain Common Voucher × 300 and Special Voucher × 100
| 300
| 100
| One-Time
|}

===Returner Commissions===
Returning adventurers will also have the regular commissions above in addition to the exclusive ones below.
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
! Commission
! Common Voucher
! Special Voucher
! Type
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Use a total of 400 Original Resin to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Use a total of 800 Original Resin to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Use a total of 1,600 Original Resin to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Spend a total of 50,000 Mora to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Spend a total of 200,000 Mora to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Complete the "Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual" quest chain to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Complete the "Tatara Tales" quest chain to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Complete all the "Cuisine Machine Test Run" quests from "Moonlight Merriment" to obtain Common Voucher × 50
| 50
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Defeat Signora 3 times to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Defeat the Hydro Hypostasis or Thunder Manifestation a total of 10 times to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Defeat any kind of Specter 30 times to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|}

===Newcomer Commissions===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
! Commission
! Common Voucher
! Special Voucher
! Type
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Use a total of 200 Original Resin to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Spend a total of 50,000 Mora to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|-
| style="text-align:left" | Reach Adventure Rank 20 to obtain Common Voucher × 100
| 100
| 0
| One-Time
|}

==Event Rewards==
During the event, all adventurers can get coupons to participate in a gift draw by completing event commissions. Stand a chance to win Primogems, physical prizes, Character EXP Materials as well as other rewards!

Before October 7, 2021, at 23:59 (UTC+8), adventurers can complete corresponding commissions on the "My Commissions" page to receive Common and Special Vouchers.

#Daily Commissions refresh daily at 4:00 AM.
#Returning adventurers and new adventurers can complete additional commissions to obtain more Vouchers and participate in the giveaway.
#For commissions in the same series, the previous commissions must be completed before subsequent ones are unlocked.
#After the event begins, secret commissions will also be available. Please look forward to them!

===Raffle Rules===
#Every 100 Common Vouchers used enters you into the raffle once. Before October 7, 2021, at 23:59 (UTC+8), adventurers can take part in the draw using Common and Special Vouchers at the Giveaway Center page, with different vouchers giving different rewards. Aside from Primogems, Character EXP Materials, and other in-game rewards, there is also a chance to draw physical rewards.
#Rewards are drawn in real time. You can view the possible rewards by clicking the "Reward Preview" button on the Giveaway Center page.

Different vouchers can be used to draw for different rewards:

Special vouchers can be used to draw for one of the following 3 kinds of rewards each time:

*iPad 8th Generation Wireless LAN Model 128 GB (Random Color) ×1
*Paimon Food Theme Blind Box (Full Set) ×1
*{{Item|Primogem|24|x=100}}

Common vouchers can be used to draw for one of the following 3 kinds of rewards each time:

*{{Item|Hero's Wit|24|x=5}}
*{{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|24|x=10}}
*{{Item|Mora|24|x=50,000}}

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The in-game rewards (Primogems, Mora, etc.) will be sent through the in-game mailbox. Delivery may be delayed by approximately 10 minutes. Don't forget to claim your reward when it arrives.
For physical prizes, please enter your delivery address by October 12, 2021, 23:59:59 (UTC+8). Prizes will be issued within 60 business days.

Each adventurer can receive up to one physical reward in total.

Physical rewards will be sent to your provided address. You can only provide your address and contact details once. After you submit them, you will be unable to edit these details by yourself. Please check your address information carefully.

====Fill in your mailing address====
#If you win a merchandise prize, press the Enter Address button on the popup message and provide your personal contact details.
#If you did not press the Enter Address button on the popup message when you won the prize, press the chest icon in the upper-right corner of the event navigation bar and open My Rewards to view the details of your prizes won and provide your contact details.
#You can only provide your address and contact details once. After you submit them, you will be unable to edit these details by yourself. If incorrect details are submitted due to factors beyond your control, please contact Customer Service before October 12, 2021, 23:59 (UTC+8) to confirm before amending your details. To do this, please send an email to genshin_cs@mihoyo.com with the following subject line: Side by Side We Venture Invitation - Amend Address.
#After October 12, 2021, 23:59 (UTC+8), it will no longer be possible to provide your address and contact details. Please note that your prize will be forfeited by default if you have not provided these details by this time.

Prize winners are required to provide relevant personal information (the specific scope of collection is based on the information filling page) to ensure that merchandise prizes can be distributed in good time. Your personal information will be used for the sole purpose of mailing merchandise prizes won during this event. If our intended use of your personal information changes in any way, we will first contact prize winners to request their consent to the change. If a prize winner does not submit the requested personal information, it will not be possible to issue their prize. We will ensure that prize winners' personal information is not obtained or used by any unauthorized third parties.

==Trivia==
*The event banner image uses the [[Teyvat Language]] to spell the word "Teyvat" at the top.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en     = Side by Side We Venture
|zhs    = 相伴同行
|zhs_rm = Xiāngbàn Tóngxíng
|zht    = 相伴同行
|zht_rm = Xiāngbàn Tóngxíng
|ja     = 手をたずさえて
|ja_rm  = Te wo Tazusaete{{Assumed}}
|ko     = {{tt|동행|同行}}
|ko_rm  = Donghaeng
|es     = Avancemos juntos
|fr     = Avançons ensemble
|ru     = Идём вместе
|th     = ร่วมเดินทางไปด้วยกัน
|th_rm  = Ruam Doenthang Pai Duai Kan
|vi     = Kề Vai Sát Cánh
|de     = Gemeinsam voran
|id     = Teman Seperjalanan
|pt     = Vamos Juntos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}