{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Sido.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Corps of Thirty
|title            = Mercenary, Corps of Thirty

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Sido''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] and [[Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation]]. He can be found north of [[Chatrakam Cave]] during ''[[Unfathomable Defenses]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
''Available during Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation''.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Sido:''' Hello, friend of the [[Cyno|General Mahamatra]] and the [[Dehya|Flame-Mane]]. I represent the [[Corps of Thirty]] delegation. Allow me to extend my greetings to you.
:{{DIcon}} You know me?
::'''Sido:''' Surely you jest! You once participated in a [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament|commercial event]] in [[Port Ormos]], and assisted the Corps of Thirty in arresting a crafty [[Elchingen|criminal]] and his scholarly [[Kautilya|accomplice]].
::'''Sido:''' Your performance during that operation showed both wisdom and bravery, and every mercenary who heard tell of your deeds considers you the best of the best.
::'''Sido:''' It looks like you never cease in your unsparing efforts, and the amount of criminals you've dealt with is staggering. Those two scoundrels barely even register in your memory.
::{{DIcon}} Eh, more or less.
::{{DIcon}} No need to bring up the past.
::'''Sido:''' That is so. We should always look ahead, the Flame-Mane often says much the same.
::'''Sido:''' Everyone in the Corps of Thirty greatly respects the Flame-Mane. She has looked out for many of our brothers, and many of our number have followed her into battle.
::'''Sido:''' If she had a bit more patience for paperwork and rules, then perhaps she could have come with us to visit [[Liyue]] and learn.
::'''Sido:''' Sparring with experts with completely different styles, learning new skills, not to mention Liyue cuisine should be to her liking. Everything is new, it's quite refreshing.
::{{DIcon}} Then we'll bring her some food from Liyue next time!
::{{DIcon}} I'll invite her here when I get the chance!
::'''Sido:''' Stop by the [[Citadel of Regzar]] when you've got some time! Feast on meat and chew the fat with the brothers of the Corps of Thirty!
:{{DIcon}} What has the Corps of Thirty learned from the Wargame?
::'''Sido:''' You've touched on a critical issue.
::'''Sido:''' From our cooperation thus far, I've observed a massive gap in the "degree of organization."
::'''Sido:''' As everyone knows, the Corps of Thirty is one branch of the many [[Eremite]]organizations. Though responsible for the defense of Sumeru's cities, the management of manpower, training, and supplies is fairly relaxed.
::'''Sido:''' Personally, I envy the [[Millelith]]. They have a huge factory in [[Blackcliff Forge]], and can guarantee a supply of all kinds of high-quality weapons and other equipment.
::'''Sido:''' As mercenaries, we mostly rely on individual blacksmiths operating their own forges. We may hope to get a deal and buy a good weapon, but most can't compete with the fully finished products from [[Liyue]]'s factories.
::'''Sido:''' The [[Akademiya]]'s pretty straightforward when it comes to payment, but if we were to ask them to set up a dedicated department... Everything from purchasing raw materials to production and processing... It's not likely.
::'''Sido:''' Not to mention the Millelith provides standardized training to all their soldiers, with strict assessment standards, while most mercs are just trying to make a living. There's all levels of skill among us.
::'''Sido:''' Anyway, in addition to tactical considerations when dealing with monsters, there're lots of other things that need to be considered.
:{{DIcon}} We'll be on our way then. Bye!
::'''Sido:''' See you later, then. We'll talk again when you've got time.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Sido
|zhs     = 西达
|zhs_rm  = Xīdá
|zht     = 西達
|zht_rm  = Xīdá
|ja      = シード
|ja_rm   = Shiido
|ko      = 시도
|es      = Sido
|fr      = Sido
|ru      = Сидо
|th      = Sido
|vi      = Sido
|de      = Sido
|id      = Sido
|pt      = Sido
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Sido]]