{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Sigewinne
|id             = 368182
|image          = Sigewinne Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Sigewinne''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Make a milkshake...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Health problems...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Truly adorable!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Potions...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Skincare...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} You're back!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} In good spirits...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, you're back! Hold still, I'm going to do a quick checkup... Extremities look fine, mental state appears sound...
:{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Yep... Looks like you've made it back unscathed! Good job!
:{{DIcon}} Do you like it here?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Yes! This place is so bright and open &mdash; it's nothing like living underwater. Plus, the layout really reflects your personality. It feels novel but also comfortable.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I took a look around. There doesn't seem to be a production zone, and no one's busying themselves earning Credit Coupons... It's the sort of place where you can relax your mind and body.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But I guess that means nutritious meals aren't an imperative around here... Hmm, I'll just have to find some other way to look after everyone's health, then.
::{{DIcon}} You don't need to worry about work here.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hehe, it's no problem. It doesn't feel like work, anyway. You could say it's more of a hobby or a passion... Maybe a bit of both!
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Let's see... How many years has it been...? Well, I might not know how long I've been working, but I do know I've enjoyed every second of it！
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Of course, an empty infirmary makes me happier still, because that means everyone is healthy!
::{{DIcon}} "S&mdash;Some other way"?
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Yep! You don't need to worry, though. Figuring out what that method should be is my job!
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'll be sure not to cause any trouble. You won't even notice anything!
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, that reminds me, my medicine kit is almost empty!
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Would you mind purchasing some ingredients for me the next time you're out? Here's the list.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, and here's some Mora, too. Tell me if it wasn't enough, okay? I'll be sure to make up the difference.
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to exchange Mora between us.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Huh...? Oh, I see... We'll use Credit Coupons, then!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Sure! I love talking to people!
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' We Melusines are extra perceptive, I can generally tell where a patient is hurting just by observing them and asking a few questions.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But if you want to get to the root of the problem, a few simple questions alone won't do.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Chatting with a patient about their interests, hobbies, lifestyle, even their feelings... can be much more beneficial to figuring out the best way to treat them.
::{{DIcon}} You're a great nurse!
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05a 1.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' You think so? I'm happy to hear that.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05a 2.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I often get such compliments from everyone at the Fortress of Meropide as well. You all are so cute!
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05a 3.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Humanity's trust is very important to me. It's what gives people the confidence to place their health in my care.
:::{{DIcon}} Are there ever people who don't cooperate?
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure everyone enjoys talking to you.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05b 1.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hmm. I've heard that many people develop a fear of doctors and nurses at a young age or react strongly to the smell of certain medicines.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05b 2.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Luckily, people usually don't have any reservations about coming to the infirmary over in the Fortress.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05b 3.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Most of my patients are very cooperative and will answer all my questions.
:::{{DIcon}} Are there ever people who don't cooperate?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Of course. After all... Everyone has their little secrets. It's normal for someone to have things they aren't willing to share.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Not too long ago, I had a patient who'd always come to the infirmary with injured fingers. Every time, he would argue that all he needed were some bandages and painkillers, and he'd be on his way.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But one glance was all I needed to tell exactly what he was hiding.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' His finger injuries weren't any real concern. His extreme mental fatigue and lack of focus, however, were. I could see that he was at his limit.
::{{DIcon}} So what did you do?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' It was quite tricky. After all, I could only help him if he opened up to me.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' "Oh my, look at this hand... *sigh* It won't be long before..."
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Maybe what I said scared him, because he then waited for the other patients to leave the infirmary, before immediately telling me the truth.
::{{DIcon}} You hornswoggled him...
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, no, not at all. What I meant to say was, "It won't be long before you make a full recovery." I just didn't finish my sentence.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' As it turned out, his roommate had finished his prison sentence, leaving him alone in the dormitory. Being afraid of the dark, he couldn't sleep at night, leading to extreme fatigue and frequent work accidents.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' He was afraid people would make fun of his phobia, especially considering his formidable appearance, so he was too embarrassed to tell anyone.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But, it turned out alright in the end. I took him to fill out a dormitory transfer request with Ms. Monglane, and the problem was solved.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That experience taught me a lot about the extent to which some choose to keep up appearances even at the cost of their health.
::{{DIcon}} That's true...
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 18.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Well, what about you? Do you have any secrets you find difficult to share?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 19.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' If you want to avoid certain health issues in the future, you might consider talking about them. In any case, I'm always here if you want to talk.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ah, looks like you've got some free time right now too!
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Want to try my new skincare product? It's a face cream.
::{{DIcon}} Does it reverse aging?
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' As far as I know, no product now on the market can accomplish that.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' If someone tries to sell you a product like that, I'd suggest reporting them to the Gardes. I imagine a trip to the Fortress of Meropide will be added to their itinerary.
::{{DIcon}} Can it keep me youthful?
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' If you think of your appearance at any given moment as a photo you want to put on display, then skincare would be the photo frame.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' It protects the picture, enhances its appearance, and gives it a unique touch.
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03b 3.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But a frame that covers up the picture would defeat the purpose, right? That would be such a pity.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Anyway, it's best not to have unrealistic expectations when it comes to skincare products. I think humans look cute no matter what!
::{{DIcon}} What sort of appearance would you consider most beautiful?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Sorry, but I'm not sure I can answer that question. I don't place humans in one category or the other. I think everyone has a unique charm.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Plus, no one has the right to comment on someone else's appearance or compare them to others.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Even the Iudex himself doesn't have the right to pass such judgment. Not that he would do that anyway, though.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Most of the letters I receive in Beautes en fleurs are from people lamenting their looks or searching for ways to improve how they look.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' *sigh* Sometimes I just don't understand why humans are so hard on themselves.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I share beauty tips to teach people how to appreciate the appearance they already have. By learning how to look after their skin, they can also learn to love themselves.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That includes you... It's good to care about how you look. But first, you have to recognize how cute you already are!
::{{DIcon}} Inspiring stuff!
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 12a.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hehe. Glad I could help.
::{{DIcon}} That's right! I'm super cute!
:::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 12b.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That's the spirit, hehe!
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Anyway... Let's get to testing that product, shall we?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I can't wait to see how you look covered in purple face cream!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Sigewinne.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Morning! Oh dear, look at those dark circles...
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Let me get a Tidalga compress on your eyes before you go out today. Don't worry, it'll be nice and cool.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Sigewinne.
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ah, are you going to bed? Mind if I stand next to you and keep track of your sleep data?
::{{A|vo sigewinne mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Don't worry. I'll only monitor your breathing and body temperature, and I'll ignore anything you say in your sleep. You won't even know I'm there.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Undersea Merusea's Luster===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd sigewinne meruseavillage 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Wow, this brings back memories! No matter how much time passes, this warm atmosphere always puts me at ease...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd sigewinne meruseavillage 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ah, I really miss the taste of Poissonchant Pie. Why don't you head inside and take a seat? I'll prepare the ingredients, and we'll be eating in no time!
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd sigewinne meruseavillage 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Remember to crouch a little when you go inside. I don't want you to bump your head.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Full Force Forward in the Forbidden Fortress===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd sigewinne businessdistrict 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Aha, where there's fighting, there's accidents. Looks like my services could really be of use here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd sigewinne businessdistrict 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That way, you won't need to relocate the injured. I'll just treat them here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd sigewinne businessdistrict 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' In the meantime, I'll sit back and admire the lithe human musculature and twisted facial expressions, hehe.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Sigewinne/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Sigewinne/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:シグウィン/仲間]]
[[ru:Сиджвин/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Sigewinne/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Sigewinne/Bạn Đồng Hành]]