{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Hangout Chongyun.png
|type           = Hangout
|actNum         = I
|character      = Chongyun
|ARReq          = 26
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|keyReq         = 2
}}
'''Signs of Evil''' is the first act of [[Chongyun]]'s [[Hangout Event]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs 2 [[Story Key]]s, must have completed [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 26.

==Summary==
While the Traveler is walking around [[Liyue Harbor]]'s wharf, they are approached by Chongyun, a local exorcist. He asks the Traveler if they've seen evil spirits recently, and during the discussion, Chongyun talks about clues he's found regarding evil spirits, including a flyer he's recently read regarding the "Test of Courage" at [[Wuwang Hill]]. The Traveler can either tell him that all the clues Chongyun has found are farfetched, or they can let it be and go along Chongyun's plan.

If the Traveler chooses to tell Chongyun that the clues are farfetched, Chongyun becomes dejected and starts to heat up, procuring a popsicle to alleviate the heat. The two then notice that they're being watched by [[Dalong|a boy]] and approach him to see if he needs anything. Dalong proceeds to comment on how the popsicle Chongyun was eating looks tasty, and how happy his sister would be if she had one, as she loves food and neither of them could try snacks due to being poor. With Chongyun seeing that he only has two popsicles left, the Traveler can suggest to him to either give the boy one popsicle or two.

Giving the boy only one popsicle results in the boy being grateful for it and leaving immediately for [[Chihu Rock]] to prevent the popsicle from melting further. The two then proceed to go to [[Wanwen Bookhouse]] to discuss the clues Chongyun got from [[Xingqiu|his friend]]. After the discussion, they find all clues to be unreliable or impossible to investigate, but Chongyun discovers another snippet of info involving Wuwang Hill, and decides to go there after connecting it with the flyer about the [[Test of Courage]]. When the two arrive there, they see strange smoke that Chongyun claims was left by an evil spirit. They proceed to defeat the hilichurls that around the smoke, but are unable to chase after the evil spirit. Still, Chongyun considers this a success.

Giving two popsicles instead to the boy still results in the boy being grateful, but now Chongyun laments how he'd manage without his popsicles. They then go to [[Wanmin Restaurant]] to make the popsicles, and, depending on the ingredients used, either successfully make popsicles that suppresses Chongyun's yang energy or make a spicy popsicle that causes Chongyun to go haywire. If the good popsicles were made, Chongyun states how he'd like to help the boy more. The two approach Daloy and get to meet [[Little Le|his sister]] as well. They then play hide-and-seek with the children and serve them cold noodles. With the children becoming really happy, they invite Chongyun to play with them more.

If the Traveler goes along with Chongyun's original plan instead, they go to the Test of Courage at [[Wuwang Hill]] and see many couples frightened at the place. They ask the couples if they've seen ghosts or evil spirits, but this just leaves them annoyed at the two. Depending on the choices the Traveler makes during this branch, the two either learn that there's only a staff member pretending to be a ghost in the Test of Courage (and Chongyun leaves either fine or uncomfortable) or they discover a ghost of a young child, but see that they aren't evil or malevolent.
{{clr}}
==Quests==
{|class="wikitable"
|rowspan="8"|Meeting by the Wharf<br />([[Hard to Track]])
|rowspan="4"|A Curious Gaze<br />([[Distant Gaze]])
|On the Evil Spirits' Trail<br />([[The Exorcist's Path#On the Evil Spirits.27 Trail|The Exorcist's Path]])
|The Rumored Heretical Ground<br />([[The Exorcist's Path#The Rumored Heretical Ground|The Exorcist's Path]])
|'''Ending:''' Blessing In Disguise
|-
|rowspan="3"|Popsicle Emergency<br />([[Popsicles and Their Curious Uses]])
|A Cooling Mix<br />([[Popsicles and Their Curious Uses#A Cooling Mix|Popsicles and Their Curious Uses]])
|rowspan="2"|(Lingering Worry)<br />([[For A Child's Smile]])
|rowspan="2"|'''Ending:''' Idle Amusements
|-
|A Sweet Mix<br />([[Popsicles and Their Curious Uses#A Sweet Mix|Popsicles and Their Curious Uses]])
|-
|A Curious Mix<br />([[Popsicles and Their Curious Uses#A Curious Mix|Popsicles and Their Curious Uses]])
|'''Ending:''' Can't Beat This Heat
|-
|rowspan="4"|To Take a Test of Courage<br />([[Test of Courage]])
|rowspan="3"|Chongyun's Determination<br />([[Test of Courage]])
|No Wasted Effort<br />([[The Bottom of Things]])
|Nothing Going to Bump After All...<br />([[The Bottom of Things]])
|'''Ending:''' Nothing Gained
|-
|Cryo Whopperflower Recipe<br />([[Sudden Discomfort]])
|rowspan="3"|Nothing Going to Bump After All...<br />([[Killjoy]])
|As Yet Unresigned<br />([[Independent Actions]])
|'''Ending:''' Goodbyes
|-
|Cryo Slime Condensate Recipe<br />([[Sudden Discomfort]])
|rowspan="2"|'''Ending:''' Small Regrets
|-
|Unsettling Feeling<br />([[Test of Courage]])
|Do Not Alert Your Quarry<br />([[Ever Deeper]])
|}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|type=Hangout Event}}

==Ending Rewards==
{{Hangout Event Rewards
|1 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Cold Noodles with Mountain Delicacies|5}}
|2 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Diligence|3}}
|3 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Shivada Jade Fragment|3}}
|4 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Cold Noodles with Mountain Delicacies|5}}
|5 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Shivada Jade Fragment|3}}
|6 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Diligence|3}}
}}

==Endings==
{{Hangout Event Endings
|character    = Chongyun
|act          = 1
|ending1      = Blessing In Disguise
|ending_alt1  = Blessing in Disguise
|ending1_text = "Comparatively speaking, the things you see and the events you encounter along the way are equally important rewards."
|ending2      = Idle Amusements
|ending2_text = Had it not been for your invitation, Chongyun would've never imagined that children like him so much.
|ending3      = Can't Beat This Heat
|ending3_text = His bravery and trustworthiness are truly remarkable, but despite that...
|ending4      = Nothing Gained
|ending4_text = There will always be those days when nothing goes to plan.
|ending5      = Goodbyes
|ending5_text = Thaumaturges have their own difficulties. Considering the circumstances, you might want to take the trouble on his behalf.
|ending6      = Small Regrets
|ending6_text = Just a small opportunity away from a satisfactory outcome.
}}

===Achievements===
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Signs of Evil|requirements=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Signs of Evil
|zhs     = 寻妖觅邪记
|zhs_rm  = Xún Yāo Mì Xié Jì
|zht     = 尋妖覓邪記
|zht_rm  = Xún Yāo Mì Xié Jì
|zh_tl   = Seeking Monsters and Evil
|ja      = 尋妖探邪記
|ja_rm   = Jin'youtanjaki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = An Account of Looking for Evil{{Sino}}
|ko      = 요마 추적록
|ko_rm   = Yoma Chujeokrok
|ko_tl   = A Record of Looking for Demons
|es      = El cazafantasmas
|es_tl   = The Ghosthunter
|fr      = Chasseur de fantômes
|fr_tl   = Ghost Hunter
|ru      = Заметки о поиске злых духов
|ru_tl   = Notes About Searching for Evil Spirits
|th      = ตามล่าท้าปีศาจ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Hunting and Challenging Monsters
|vi      = Nhật Ký Tìm Kiếm Yêu Tà
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Aufspüren böser Geister
|de_tl   = Track Down Evil Spirits
|id      = Mencari dan Membasmi Iblis
|id_tl   = Search and Purge Devil
|pt      = Eu Vejo um Espírito Maligno
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kötülük Belirtileri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Segni del male
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[es:El cazafantasmas]]
[[ja:尋妖探邪記]]