{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest Sinister Instruction.png
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]<br />Complete [[Washizu's Prayers]]
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Yashiori Island
|subarea       = Higi Village
|mora          = 20,000
|characters    = Traveler; Washizu
|startLocation = [[Higi Village]], [[Inazuma]]
}}
'''''Sinister Instruction''''' is a hidden [[World Quest]] in [[Inazuma]] that is initiated after completing [[Washizu's Prayers]].

==Steps==
#Defeat the maddened samurai
#*[[Washizu]] will drop the [[Incomplete Notes]] and [[Tattered Paper (Washizu)|Tattered Paper]] quest items
#Find Washizu's lost possessions in [[Higi Village]]
#*The chest containing his possessions is buried between two unlit torches, in the backyard formed by the cliff and the two houses northwest of Higi Village's central tree.
#*The Incomplete Register can also be found in the same backyard opposite his possessions, on the wooden "porch" sticking into the backyard from the nearest house.

==Gameplay Notes==
*The game will consider that a day has passed and allow a new day's prayers at the Outsider Shrine after each daily [[Reset]]. The prayers do not need to be done on consecutive days.
*Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[A Hollow Soul]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Washizu has clearly hidden his secrets in the now-abandoned Higi Village. What horrors and misfortunes lie buried in this little hamlet?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Fight Washizu in [[Washizu's Prayers]])
:'''Maddened Samurai:''' The time has come... for sacrifice...
:'''Maddened Samurai:''' O ye who accommodates all things... accept me... consume me... save me...

----
;(Read the Incomplete Register)
:'''Incomplete Register:''' (A ragged register, seemingly an account used by the village chief.)
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "Higi Village Residential Register:"
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...Torajirou, 13 years old, took ill and died. Shinji, 32 years old, took ill and died. Mitsuyo, 25 years old, took ill and died..."
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...Gin, 12 years old, took ill and died. Takaya, 55 years old, took ill and died. Nagabuchi, 42 years old, took ill and died. Eiri, 43 years old, took ill and died..."
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...The three Enoshita brothers, slain in battle. Kitada, 27 years old, on the run from the Shogunate. Fumiko, 36 years old, took ill and died. Shinko, 18 years old, lost at sea..."
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...Nameless Passerby A, sacrificed. Gongozaemon, 30 years old (?), sacrificed. Yamada, 23 years old, sacrificed..."
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...Senshiro, 4 years old, returned to oneness. Senshiro's Mother, around 25 years old, returned to oneness. Akiharu, 23 years old, summoned..."
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...The possessions of the aforementioned people shall be left here as a lure, all the better to provide living sacrifices for 'his' return..."
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...[[Chouji's Mother]], around 32 years old (?), missing. 'He' is pleased with her, and thus she must be found..."
:'''Incomplete Register:''' "...[[Traveler|Nameless Outlander]], seemingly young. About to take the bait..."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/dwraugsxzJ8
|caption1 = Quest Guide
}}

==Trivia==
*Gongozaemon and Yamada were members of an ill-fated operation to Yashiori Island undertaken by [[Tenryou Commission]] samurai, which was intended to gain evidence that [[Kujou Masahito]] was overstating the [[Tatarigami]] situation. Their Lost Texts are involved in the Hidden Exploration Objective ''[[Tatarigami Investigation Expedition]]''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sinister Instruction
|zhs     = 险恶的教喻
|zhs_rm  = Xiǎn'è de Jiàoyù
|zht     = 險惡的教喻
|zht_rm  = Xiǎn'è de Jiàoyù
|zh_tl   = Sinister Teachings
|ja      = 邪悪な教訓
|ja_rm   = Ja'akuna Kyoukun
|ja_tl   = Wicked Lesson
|ko      = 음험한 가르침
|ko_rm   = Eumheomhan Gareuchim
|ko_tl   = Insidious Teaching
|es      = Órdenes siniestras
|es_tl   = Sinister Orders
|fr      = Instructions sinistres
|fr_tl   = Sinister Instructions
|ru      = Зловещая инструкция
|ru_tl   = Sinister Instruction
|th      = คำสอนอันชั่วร้าย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Học Thuyết Nham Hiểm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Finstere Anweisung
|de_tl   = Sinister Instruction
|id      = Instruksi Jahat
|id_tl   = Sinister Instruction
|pt      = Instrução Sinistra
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uğursuz Öğreti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Istruzione sinistra
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}