{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Case Record Sinthe.png
|type         = Lore
|region       = Fontaine
}}
'''Sinthe''' was a concoction made of diluted water from the [[Primordial Sea]]. It induces short-term feelings of euphoria, but in the long term, it causes side effects such as losing the ability to focus or control the drinker's emotions. Many families were destroyed by the abuse of Sinthe.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Truth, Lost With the Rain}}</ref>

[[Marcel (Fontaine)|Vacher]] created this drink after discovering the effects of Primordial Seawater after being diluted with normal water. He manufactured and marketed it to fund his experiments, earning a lot of money through doing so. Following his arrest and the truth of the plot, his Sinthe production line was stopped, and the Fontaine authorities are currently working to confiscate any Sinthe still in the market.

==Trivia==
* Sinthe is based on {{w|absinthe}}, an alcoholic beverage that was banned for a long time because it was said to have addictive and psychoactive effects. It was proven that those effects, said to be caused by the ingredient wormwood, were not significant compared to the alcohol in absinthe.
* The Chinese term for Sinthe, {{zh|乐斯|Lèsī}}, is possibly derived from the semantic meaning of the character {{zh|乐|lè|joy, pleasure,}} referring to the euphoriant effects of the drink, and the Chinese transliteration of absinthe, {{zh|艾碧<u>斯</u>|Àibì<u>sī</u>}}. Absinthe is also more commonly known as {{zh|{{wt|苦艾酒}}|kǔ'ài-jiǔ|wormwood wine}} in Chinese, with {{zh|艾|ài}} as a contraction of the full transliteration of the name derived from its core active ingredient.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sinthe
|zhs     = 乐斯
|zhs_rm  = Lèsī
|zht     = 樂斯
|zht_rm  = Lèsī
|zh_tl   = Pleasure-Sinthe
|zh_note = Possibly a combination of {{zh|乐|lè|pleasure}} and {{zh|艾碧<u>斯</u>|Àibì<u>sī</u>|absinthe.}} See [[#Trivia|Trivia]].
|ja      = ロシ
|ja_rm   = Roshi
|ja_tl   = Pleasure-Sinthe{{Sino|phonetic Japanese}}
|ko      = 생트
|es      = Sinte
|es_tl   = Sinthe
|fr      = Sinthe
|ru      = Апсинтион
|ru_lang = grc<!--ἀψίνθιον-->
|ru_tl   = {{w|Artemisia absinthium|Wormwood}}
|th      = Sinthe
|vi      = Sinthe
|de      = Sinth
|de_tl   = Sinthe
|id      = Sinthe
|pt      = Sinthe
|tr      = Sinthe
|it      = Sinthe
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[ja:ロシ]]