{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70541
|image         = Event Quest Sir Pouncelot Joins the Lot.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Feline Fortress Furrdyssey
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Albedo; Paimon; Rosaria; Sir Pouncelot; Traveler; Valerina
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|poi           = Furball Fortress
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Bulle Fruit-Hued Interloper!
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Hero's Wit*3;Unexpectedly Adopted Fantastic Feline*1
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Sir Pouncelot Joins the Lot!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Feline Fortress Furrdyssey]] Event.

==Steps==
* Quest unlocks automatically after reaching Cherished with [[Sir Pouncelot]].
# Go to the [[Furball Fortress]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Your tireless work as cat saviors has seen your great cat guest grow gentle and well-behaved...<br>However, its mode of dress indicates that it still has quite the story to tell...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Throne of Meower in the Furball Fortress)
:'''Sir Pouncelot:''' Meeoww.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Awww, that's a good kitty, Sir Pouncelot!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You better be on your best behavior from now on, okay? Don't go causing trouble now. Hehe, Paimon knows you're a sweet, happy little cat. You'll get along with everyone just fine.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 01.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' He's so adorable! I just wanna scratch his head and pinch his little cheeks!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' He does have a certain endearing quality about him... when he's not causing trouble, that is. Hmm, I wonder how he got that injury around his eye...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The traces of the restorative potion indicate that Sir Pouncelot should be in the vicinity.
:{{Introductory Note|Albedo}}
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh, it's {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and Sister Rosaria... Ah, and you must be an adventurer. I don't believe we've met...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It appears Sir Pouncelot has taken quite the liking to you.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo! It's been such a long time! It's super great to see you! But... are you sure you're in the right place?
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I'm assuming the Captain of the Investigation Team is here for some important reason?
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 02.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' C&mdash;Captain? He's a captain of the [[Knights of Favonius]]? An important officer just showed up without warning... and I don't even have any refreshments or snacks to offer!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 03.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Please, allow me to explain, Sir. I assure you this shelter is operating under a legitimate business license! All proper procedures have been followed...
:{{Black Screen|Assuming that Albedo has arrived to investigate her business, Valerina frantically searches for the relevant documents while explaining the purpose of the shelter...<br> Valerina appears intimidated by the identity of the visitor, unaware that the Investigation Team doesn't handle such inspections...}}
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There's no need to worry. I was simply in the area helping my team address a small issue... Namely, the location of this cat right here.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Not too long ago, "Interim Team Feline: Treatment Case No. 3 &mdash; Sir Pouncelot" knocked out the [[Ematol|weapons officer]] who was watching over him. He then fled and disappeared into the city.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' We knew we had to recover him as fast as possible. The cat belongs to the Investigation Team, and even bears the insignia of the Knights of Favonius. If he were to wreak havoc across the city... Well, that would hardly be a welcome result for any party involved.
:'''Sir Pouncelot:''' *whimper*...
:{{DIcon}} So, he actually belongs to the Investigation Team?
:{{DIcon}} That would explain the Knights of Favonius symbol...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're saying Sir Pouncelot is capable of knocking out a knight? And what's with all those official sounding titles you added to his name? Interim... Treatment case something or other... Is there something else you're not telling us?
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Ah, well, I suppose I should explain. Two months ago, Sir Pouncelot got lost in the wild and accidentally ingested [[Whopperflower Nectar]]. Due to certain effects that are not entirely understood as of yet, the nectar caused him to triple in size.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Triple! Even regular-sized cats can get pretty bold when they're upset... A cat triple the size... Paimon bets even a [[Hilichurl]] wouldn't be enough to scare off a cat like that!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' So that's what happened. No wonder he was so anxious.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' For cats... or really any animal that lives in the wild, a larger size doesn't exactly confer many advantages. What it actually does is make their appearance more noticeable and their movements less nimble.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Which, in turn, means living in perpetual danger of exposing themselves to attacks from predators. In other words, it means living in a constant state of fear...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Exactly. When Sir Pouncelot stumbled upon our encampment, he looked quite worse for wear. His entire body was riddled with scars and he appeared exceptionally anxious.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 04.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Th&mdash;That's awful... I guess he had a good reason for all that swatting earlier, then... If all that had happened to me, I would be afraid of new people and strange animals too...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You don't need to worry too much. The problem has already been solved. I administered a restorative potion to eliminate the alchemical effects of the Whopperflower Nectar, and help him return to a normal size.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Although he still might appear a bit larger than the average cat, his current size, at least, should pose no more threat to his quality of life. While in our care, various knights have been taking turns watching over him.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In light of his feisty demeanor, [[Klee]] decided to call him "Sir Pouncelot." We all thought it was quite fitting. We even made him that little scarf as a testament to his time among our ranks.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, Klee and Paimon were totally on the same wavelength with this one! We thought of the exact same name! Great minds really do think alike, hehe...
:'''Sir Pouncelot:''' Meow~
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Sir Pouncelot's extreme level of anxiety and caution around people may be a result of residual trauma from the time of his transformation. You could say he was less than friendly towards the weapons and signals officers on our team. Klee wasn't around that much to entertain him either.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' However, it appears Sir Pouncelot has taken quite the liking to you. The knights on my team would never have imagined that he could warm up to people like this.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 05.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Well, they are our dear cat saviors, after all &mdash; The famed Honorary Knight and Paimon the Cat Whisperer!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 06a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 06b.ogg}}--> '''Valerina:''' No matter how feisty or frightening the cat, after a few minutes with {{Traveler}} and Paimon, they'll be sweet as can be!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If that's the case, then I have a question for you both. Would you be willing to adopt Sir Pouncelot?
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, really? But, doesn't he belong to your team?
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well, we did take him in, but it was simply out of necessity. We were always planning to find him a permanent home after his condition became more stable.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The Investigation Team is no place for a pet, and we are a combat unit, after all.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Any knight he got close to would have to go on assignment eventually. It's hardly appropriate to just leave him at camp, and bringing him on our missions would only frighten him further.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' All good points.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' He's been through quite the ordeal already. For a creature like that, it's best to keep him away from potential triggers. That way, he can slowly recover in peace...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, we could set up a nice, cozy little home for him in the [[Serenitea Pot]]. It has everything he could want! And most importantly... no monsters!
:'''Sir Pouncelot:''' Meeoww!
:{{DIcon}} Great! Welcome to the family, Sir Pouncelot!
:{{DIcon}} Awesome! You've got a new home now, Sir Pouncelot!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank you so much, Albedo!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No need to thank me! If you find yourselves with some time on your hands, maybe you can bring him by the encampment some time. I'm sure my fellow knights would love a chance to see his calmer side.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 07.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Th&mdash;That was so touching! I can't believe I got to witness such a special moment! I do believe this counts as the Furball Fortress' first successful adoption!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 08.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hey, my veil is not a handkerchief...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It appears you enjoy interacting with small animals, Sister Rosaria. I must admit, I find that a bit surprising...
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can also sense that you're an animal lover, Rosaria! You definitely have a way with cats &mdash; you just haven't realized it yet. After all, it's not a side of you that comes out very often.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Snowball]] warmed up to you right from the start! And you were the one that helped Sir Pouncelot calm down back there!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 09.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Oh, uh... I didn't really do anything though. I was just... there.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 08.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Ah, I've got it! I've learned so many useful tips from our dear cat saviors recently!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 09.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' I've decided to extend the shelter's trial period for a bit in order to go over what I've learned. With some effort, I hope I can be a cat whisperer too one day. For now, though, I'll settle for cat whisperer... in training, hehe!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 10.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' When I open for good, what do you say we run the shelter together, Miss Rosaria? With the two of us, we could rescue every stray in Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, the sister and the whisperer working together... Almost sounds like it was meant to be, hehe!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 rosaria 10.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Oh, well... This errand hasn't proved to be too troublesome. It's light on work and stress. I suppose... I wouldn't be opposed to your suggestion.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I don't know much about rescuing stray animals, but this seems to be quite the milestone. Allow me to offer my congratulations.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If my fellow knights run into any strays, I'll be sure to tell them to send them your way.
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 11.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Thank you, thank you, thank you! I really can't thank you all enough for your support! Don't worry, there's a generous reward in store for each and every one of you!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 valerina 12.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' The trial phase of the Furball Fortress could not have been more successful! When we open for good, you all simply must come to the opening ceremony. We'll cut the ribbon together!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that's what Paimon calls a successful commission! Rewarding in more ways than one &mdash; Mora, a sense of accomplishment, and, of course, our special friend, Sir Pouncelot! Talk about a win win win!
:{{A|vo mkeq003b 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't wait for the Furball Fortress to open for good!
:'''Sir Pouncelot:''' Meow!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Sir Pouncelot Joins the Lot!
|zhs      = 「大桔骑士」入列！
|zhs_rm   = "Dàjú Qíshì" Rùliè!
|zht      = 「大桔騎士」入列！
|zht_rm   = "Dàjú Qíshì" Rùliè!
|zh_tl    = <!--use {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|zh}}-->
|ja       = 「橙色騎士」入隊！
|ja_rm    = "Orenji Kishi" Nyuutai!
|ja_tl    = <!--use {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|ja}}-->
|ko       = 「왕귤 기사」 합류!
|ko_tl    = <!--use {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|ko}}-->
|es       = Sir Narancelot
|es_tl    = {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|es}}
|fr       = Chevalier Orangelot arrive !
|fr_tl    = {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|fr}} Is Coming!
|ru       = Сэр Лансекот в строю!
|ru_tl    = {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|ru}} in the Order!
|th       = "Sir Pouncelot" เข้าทีม!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Kỵ Sĩ Pouncelot Vào Hàng Ngũ!
|vi_tl    = <!--use {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|vi}}-->
|de       = Ritter Sprungbold mischt mit!
|de_tl    = {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|de}} Interferes!
|id       = Datuk Meong Bergabung!
|id_tl    = {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|id}} Joining In!
|pt       = Miaurtorias Se Junta à Equipe!
|pt_tl    = <!--use {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|pt}}-->
|tr       = Tırmık Efendi Gruba Dahil Oluyor!
|tr_tl    = <!--use {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|tr}}-->
|it       = Ser Balzellotto si unisce al gruppo!
|it_tl    = <!--use {{Lex|Sir Pouncelot|it}}-->
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Miaurtorias Se Junta à Equipe!]]
[[ru:Сэр Лансекот в строю!]]