{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Siraj.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = Vahumana
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [https://ajbecklesvo.com/ A.J. Beckles]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/AJBecklesVO/status/1615769077427077120 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Siraj''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Alhaitham]]'s [[Story Quest]] ''[[The Illusions of the Mob]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Siraj is a scholar from the [[Vahumana]] Darshan, currently incarcerated for participating in activities considered illegal by the [[Akademiya]]. He was known for working on a thesis regarding a "collective consciousness" which would unite multiple bodies into one mind; this idea would be vetoed by [[Azar]], then the Akademiya's Grand Sage, on [[Alhaitham]]'s advice, on ethical and practical grounds, infuriating him.

Refusing to believe that his thesis was rejected on running the risk of endangering lives, which was a violation of the Akademiya's code, and viewing it as a personal slight against him by Alhaitham, Siraj decided to proceed with his collective mind regardless, and began recruiting a number of socially-isolated scholars to assist him with this project; one notable scholar Siraj recruited was [[Ilyas]], by "peer pressuring" him to join when he was at his lowest point. Each scholar Siraj recruited would be named for him, followed by a number, with the number increasing with decreasing importance. Siraj's idea of this collective consciousness was to have these multiple individuals serve his purpose; he also implanted thoughts of hatred for Alhaitham into their minds. With this hatred in mind, these individuals would set out to kill him if he approached them; in the event they did kill him, Siraj would then install himself as the Akademiya's new grand Sage and "lead them towards a new future".

Once he had completed his collective consciousness, Siraj sent out Ilyas to lure Alhaitham into the hideout containing his collective consciousness; Ilyas successfully lures Alhaitham into the hideout and reveals to him his true colors. With Alhaitham now in the hideout and in range, Siraj attempts to kill him out of spite; Alhaitham however manages to exploit a weakness in the collective consciousness using Ilyas, causing it to become unstable. Panicking, Siraj attempts to regain control of his collective consciousness but ultimately fails as the negative emotions of the other members of the collective are too much for him to bear; in his vain attempt to wrest back control of his collective consciousness, he loses his footing and falls over a platform as the negative emotions assault him, to which he can only scream in agony in response. After the destruction of the collective mind, Siraj and the other members are arrested and escorted away by the [[Matra]].

===Personality===
Siraj is noted to be extremely arrogant and manipulative. He is noted for being unable to take criticism, taking Azar's vetoing of his collective consciousness personally and coming up with a plan to execute him. Pride, however, was the main cause of Siraj's downfall, with Alhaitham exploiting it to cause his collective consciousness to malfunction and break down.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Siraj
|zhs     = 西拉杰
|zhs_rm  = Xīlājié
|zht     = 西拉傑
|zht_rm  = Xīlājié
|ja      = シラージ
|ja_rm   = Shiraaji
|ko      = 시라즈
|es      = Siraj
|fr      = Siraj
|ru      = Сирадж
|th      = Siraj
|vi      = Siraj
|de      = Siraj
|id      = Siraj
|pt      = Siraj
|tr      = Siraj
|it      = Siraj
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}