{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19001
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = Sudden Shouting
|nextNote = Branch 1
|next2 = The Church's Affairs
|nextNote2 = Branch 2
|characters    = Barbara; Paimon; Traveler; Victoria
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Sister Victoria's Vexation''' is the first quest in [[Barbara]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Wellspring of Healing]].

==Steps==
#Talk to Sister [[Victoria]]
#Search for Barbara
#Talk to Barbara
#Look for [[Albert|the person]] calling for Barbara
* Temporary Relief From the Fanfare
*# Follow Barbara
*# Talk to Barbara
** Of Wolfhooks Red
*# Search for 5 Red Wolfhooks
*# Search for Barbara

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sister [[Victoria]] seems to be troubled by something...}}
===Sister Victoria's Vexation===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sister Victoria)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900101 victoria 01.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' I sure hope Sister Barbara is okay...
:{{DIcon}} What's happened to Barbara?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900101 victoria 02.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Sister Barbara said that she was going out to pick some herbs earlier, but I'm afraid that she has yet to return.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900101 victoria 03.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Hmm... Perhaps I should report the matter to the [[Knights of Favonius]].
:{{DIcon}} I'll go search for Barbara.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900101 victoria 04.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' You? Well, I guess as the Honorary Knight, you may very well be a good fit for the task...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900101 victoria 05.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Not to mention it would save me the trouble of reporting the matter to the Knights...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900101 victoria 06.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Alright, I'll leave it to you. Before sister Barbara departed, she said that she was headed to [[Wolvendom]] to pick some herbs.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900101 victoria 07.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' You could start by looking for her there.

;(Talk to Sister Victoria again)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 13.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Sister Barbara... Where have you gone?
----
;(Talk to Barbara at Wolvendom)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh, how strange... I can't seem to find any...
:{{DIcon}} Barbara, I've finally found you.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' O&mdash;Oh, it's you! What are you doing here? Is something the matter?
:{{DIcon}} You'd been gone for some time, we decided to come looking for you.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, I see. No need to worry, there hasn't been any sign of danger. I'm just here to gather some red {{Color|buzzword|Wolfhook}} berries, that's all.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But the strange thing is, there should be lots of them here... and I can't seem to find any.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hmm, anyway, no need to worry about me. I'll just have another look around here, and if I can't find any, I'll just&mdash;
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 albert 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Miss Barbara... Hmm...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 albert 02.ogg}} '''???:''' She's not here either...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh? Somebody seems to be coming this way?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, I'm sorry, but... please, just keep quiet, okay? Don't let them find us...
:{{DIcon}} Why would you want to hide?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Because... Well, just because...
:{{Hangout Branch|Just wait here, we'll go send that person away.|Sudden Shouting}}
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' O&mdash;Oh, alright... I'll just leave it to you, then.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Please, just... just don't tell them that I'm here, alright?
:;(Continue to [[Sudden Shouting]])
:{{Hangout Branch|Let's go deeper into the forest and wait for them to leave.|#Temporary Relief From the Fanfare|Temporary Relief From the Fanfare}}
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900102 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Alright then... Let's head this way.
:;(Go to [[#Temporary Relief From the Fanfare|Temporary Relief From the Fanfare]])
----
;(Talk to Barbara again)
:{{A|vo_bblcop001_1900102_barbara_12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Strange... who could it be?

;(After talking to Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900108 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That voice seemed to be coming from over there...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900108 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go take a closer look.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Temporary Relief From the Fanfare===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Follow Barbara)
;(Talk to Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Shh.. Keep your voice down. We mustn't let that person find us here.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...This should be a good spot. Let's wait here for a while.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you trying to avoid being seen?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well... it's a little embarrassing to say, but...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' In Mondstadt, I often perform songs for people. Because it's been so well received, the other sisters have started encouraging me to perform across Teyvat. Now, more and more people are showing up to hear me perform.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm happy to see such turnouts, don't get me wrong... but... Now, people always stop me on the street when I go shopping, or when I go out for personal matters...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I know that all they want is to get my autograph, or to ask me how I'm doing, which isn't a bad thing.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And... I'm very thankful for all my fans, but... there are simply too many of them.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I always do my best to fulfill their requests and not let them down.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But... sometimes... I feel that I just don't have the strength to do so.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Even when I'm in the church, people will still come hoping to greet me. I'm constantly in a state of tension, no matter where I go.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The reason I came here was not only to find Wolfhooks for making [[Tunner]]'s cough medicine, but also to have some quiet time alone...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Do you understand that feeling? To sit peacefully and not think about anything... just by yourself. It's simply the feeling of relaxation.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's been far too long since I've had that feeling. Before I knew it, I was out here all day and forgot to return to the city.
:{{DIcon}} If you're looking for Wolfhooks, there should be plenty nearby.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well, yes, there are plenty of the normal variety... but I'm looking for {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhook}}. No matter how hard I look, I can't seem to find any. I clearly remember that they always grow here.
:{{DIcon}} Let's wait for that person to leave and then we can go look for some.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I guess that's all we can do for now. Although, it certainly isn't nice to treat someone that way... But today, I simply wish to keep to myself.
:{{Hangout Branch|It's alright, this is a perfect place for two people to spend some time together.|customlinks=the end of the hangout}}
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Wh&mdash; Huh? Wh&mdash;What do you mean? Y&mdash;You...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I&mdash;I'm sorry. I think we should go... Yes, it's time to go!
:;(Barbara leaves in a hurry...)
:;(Hangout event ended)
:{{Hangout Branch|So what made you decide to join the Church, Barbara?|Of Wolfhooks Red}}
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well, my father has always worked at the Church... And the Church has always looked after me.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I guess it was only natural for me to join the Church when I grew up.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And besides, my sister works in the Knights of Favonius...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I can't even begin to compare with her! Not only is she adept with a blade, she's also capable of shouldering all the Knights of Favonius' matters on her own.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 22.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I guess that's just who she is. I've never been able to come close to competing with her.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 23.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Aside from singing and performing, I don't really have any abilities worth mentioning. Besides, my singing alone could never truly heal the wounds of others.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 24.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I suppose that's another reason why I decided to join the Church &mdash; to learn how to truly heal others.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 25.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Though I may not be particularly skilled in battle, being able to heal the wounds of others is good in its own right. At least, that's what I think.
::{{DIcon}} Does that mean I can come to you when I need healing, too?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 26.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Of course! You are the Honorary Knight, after all. Feel free to find me for healing anytime!
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 27.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Alright, then! That person should be long gone by now. I still need to find some of those Wolfhooks.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 28.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I can't seem to find any of the red variety anywhere...
::{{DIcon}} I'll lend you a hand.
::{{DIcon}} We can go look together.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 29.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Your help would be much appreciated! Let's search the nearby area, I'm sure we'll find some in no time.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 30.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Strange... I'm almost certain I've seen lots of {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhooks}} growing here before...
:;(Go to [[#Of Wolfhooks Red|Of Wolfhooks Red]])
:{{Hangout Branch|Wouldn't your family worry about you picking herbs all alone?|Of Wolfhooks Red}}
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 31.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' My family? Well, my father left on an expedition together with Grand Master Varka and has yet to return.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 32.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And as for the other person I can call family... Well, she doesn't have much time to look after me.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 33.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And besides, I'm more than capable of taking care of myself, so there's no need for me to bother her.
::{{DIcon}} Ah yes, Grand Master Varka. I remember he's...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 34.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' That's right! The Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius. I'm sure you've heard his name mentioned before.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 35.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Seamus Pegg... Cardinal of Daybreak and the Seneschal of the Church of Favonius.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 36.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' That's my father.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 37.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But it's been some time since I last saw him, and I'm still uncertain of when Grand Master Varka's expedition will finally be finished.
::{{DIcon}} What was the purpose of Grand Master Varka's expedition?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 38.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I don't know... My father only briefly mentioned the matter to me before he set off.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 39.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' He also turned over all his responsibilities in the Church to [[Cardinal Calvin]].
::{{DIcon}} I don't think I've ever met this "Cardinal Calvin."
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 40.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Cardinal Calvin has been taking care of various matters since the departure of my father and Grand Master Varka. He's so busy that he seldom ever leaves his room. Even the other sisters in the Church rarely ever see him.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 41.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The only time I've seen him recently was when the Holy Lyre der Himmel was stolen. He went to the Knights of Favonius in such a hurry that he hadn't even fastened all the buttons on his garments.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 42.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Speaking of which, you still remember that day, right? You recovered the Holy Lyre der Himmel together with that bard and Jean... Uh, I mean, the Acting Grand Master.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 43.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...I was shocked to see the Holy Lyre der Himmel in such a condition. Thank the heavens that the bard was able to mend it.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 44.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' We'd never hear the end of it from Cardinal Calvin if something were to ever happen to the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 45.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh? What do you two seem so nervous about?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 46.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' There's nothing wrong with the Holy Lyre der Himmel... is there?
::{{DIcon}} (Look at Barbara with an innocent gaze.)
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 48.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well... anyway. At least the Holy Lyre der Himmel is fixed...
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 49.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Never mind the lyre for now. I think that person should be long gone &mdash; and I still need to pick those Wolfhooks.
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 50.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...I can't seem to find any of the {{Color|buzzword|red variety}} anywhere...
:::{{DIcon}} I'll lend you a hand.
:::{{DIcon}} We can go look together.
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 51.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Your help would be much appreciated! Let's search the nearby area, I'm sure we'll find some in no time.
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 52.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Strange... I'm almost certain I've seen lots of {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhooks}} growing here before...
::;(Go to [[#Of Wolfhooks Red|Of Wolfhooks Red]])
::{{DIcon}} Th&mdash;The Holy Lyre? Oh... Um, I wouldn't know... (-1 heart)
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 53.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh? But didn't you return the lyre together with Acting Grand Master Jean and that bard?
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 54.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And then, that bard used some sort of magic to fix the broken Holy Lyre der Himmel...
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 55.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hey! Why do you look so nervous?
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 56.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Is there something wrong with the Holy Lyre der Himmel?
:::{{DIcon}} Wh&mdash;What do you mean? The Church is looking after it now, right?
:::{{DIcon}} N&mdash;No, nothing's wrong with it... The bard fixed it, didn't he?
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 57.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I see...
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 58.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Never mind, we'll talk about it later. That person who was looking for me should be long gone by now, and I still need to go pick those Wolfhooks.
:::{{DIcon}} I&mdash;I'll lend you a hand!
:::{{DIcon}} We can go together!
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 59.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, really? Well, your help would be much appreciated! Let's search the nearby area, I'm sure we'll find some in no time.
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 60.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Remember, we're looking for {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhooks}}. Don't get them mixed up.
:::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900103 barbara 61.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Strange... I'm almost certain that I've seen lots of those {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhooks}} growing here before...
::;(Go to [[#Of Wolfhooks Red|Of Wolfhooks Red]])

;(Talk again to Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900106 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Strange, I can't seem to find those {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhooks}} anywhere.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Of Wolfhooks Red===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(When picking up a red Wolfhook)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900106 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, these must be the red Wolfhook berries that Barbara is looking for.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900106 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's gather some and bring them back to her!

;(Search for Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900104 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh! Were you able to find some {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhook berries}}?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, here they are!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900104 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let me have a look... Yep, that should be enough!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900104 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But it's still strange, I know for sure that I've seen lots of {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhooks}} growing here before...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900104 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I wonder if someone had already gathered them all...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900104 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well, never mind... Thankfully, the berries you gathered should be just enough. Let's go!
;(Continue to [[The Church's Affairs]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sister Victoria's Vexation
|zhs     = 维多利亚修女的担忧
|zhs_rm  = Wéiduōlìyǎ Xiūnǚ de Dānyōu
|zht     = 維多利亞修女的擔憂
|zht_rm  = Wéiduōlìyǎ Xiūnǚ de Dānyōu
|zh_tl   = Sister Victoria's Concerns
|ja      = シスターヴィクトリアの心配
|ja_rm   = Shisutaa Vikutoria no Shinpai
|ja_tl   = Sister Victoria's Concerns
|ko      = 빅토리아 수녀의 걱정
|ko_rm   = Biktoria Sunyeo-ui Geokjeong
|ko_tl   = Sister Victoria's Concerns
|es      = La preocupación de la Hermana Victoria
|es_tl   = Sister Victoria's Worry
|fr      = Les soucis de Sœur Victoria
|fr_tl   = Sister Victoria's Concerns
|ru      = Тревоги сестры Виктории
|ru_tl   = Sister Victoria's Troubles
|th      = ความกังวลของซิสเตอร์ Victoria
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Sister Victoria's Worries
|vi      = Nỗi Lo Của Tu Nữ Victoria
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schwester Victorias Kummer
|de_tl   = Sister Victoria's Sorrow
|id      = Kekhawatiran Suster Victoria
|id_tl   = Sister Victoria's Worries
|pt      = As Preocupações da Irmã Victoria
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rahibe Victoria'nın Endişesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il cruccio di sorella Victoria
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:シスターヴィクトリアの心配]]