{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Skeletal Hat.png
|set   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A hat that once shielded a wanderer from sun and rain. It eventually became a convenient tool with which faces might be hidden and expressions obscured.}}
'''Skeletal Hat''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Husk of Opulent Dreams]].

==Description==
"Where are you going, wanderer?"<br />The roving youth was stopped by a child's shout.<br />That was a child of a Tatarasuna crafts-person, and while he was ill, his eyes were still clear.<br />The youth told the child that he was bound for [[Inazuma City]].<br />"But it's raining really hard right now. They say that the people who left haven't returned!"<br />The youth opened and closed his mouth a few times... But at last could only give the child a small smile.<br />The next time he set foot upon that island, that child was nowhere to be found.

"Where are you going, Inazuman? This boat is not for you!"<br />The wandering young man was halted at the harbor by a boatman.<br />But before the youth could draw his blade, a [[Pierro|man]] in his company stopped him.<br />The man told the mariner that the outlander youth was with him.<br />"Ah, so he's your guest, sir? My apologies for my presumption."<br />The man gave the youth a coat to keep the cold out, but the youth shook his head.<br />He had no need of such things — he only wished to know what interesting things he might find on this long journey.

"Lord [[Harbinger]]. Where are you headed?"<br />The youth, hating chatty humans the most, gave his subordinate a backhand slap.<br />But he also loved watching expressions of terror and helplessness play across human faces,<br />And it was perhaps precisely because of this imbecilic underling's expressiveness that he had kept them around.<br />He told the groveling, quailing figure that they were headed east, for [[Mondstadt]].<br />"I understand! I'll get your bodyguards ready right now!"<br />He had no need of guards, of course, but he was lazier still to barter words with cretins.<br />Donning his wanderer's hat, he headed eastward alone.

"Child, where are you going?"<br />Returning home, the youth was stopped at the roadside by an old woman.<br />He told her that he was going west.<br />"To [[Yashiori Island]], then? What business are you on?"<br />She had said this thoughtlessly, knowing only that things had not been peaceful of late.<br />The youth thanked her for her concern with earnest smile and told her that he was bound for an appointed meeting.<br />As the boat gradually approached the shore, a [[Signora|lady in foreign garb]] could be seen standing by the shoreline,<br />And she threw [[Delusion|a small crystal sphere]] at the youth from afar.<br />Catching it with ease, he lifted it up to the dying, bloodied sun.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Skeletal Hat
|zhs     = 形骸之笠
|zhs_rm  = Xínghái zhī Lì
|zht     = 形骸之笠
|zht_rm  = Xínghái zhī Lì
|zh_tl   = Skeletal {{w|Kasa (hat)|Kasa}}{{sino|zh|ja|part=1}}
|ja      = 形骸の笠
|ja_rm   = Keigai no Kasa
|ja_tl   = Skeletal {{w|Kasa (hat)|Kasa}}
|ko      = 형해의 삿갓
|ko_rm   = Hyeonghae-ui Satgat
|ko_tl   = Skeletal [https://folkency.nfm.go.kr/en/topic/detail/7054 Satgat]
|es      = Sombrero del Trotamundos
|es_tl   = Hat of the Globetrotter
|fr      = Chapeau squelettique
|fr_tl   = Skeletal Hat
|ru      = Шляпа телесности
|ru_tl   = Hat of Corporeality
|th      = Skeletal Hat
|vi      = Nón Hình Hài
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Hut des Vagabunden
|de_tl   = Hat of the Vagabond
|id      = Skeletal Hat
|pt      = Chapéu da Marionete
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İskelet Şapka
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cappello del vagabondo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Husk of Opulent Dreams}}

[[fr:Chapeau squelettique]]
[[ja:形骸の笠]]