{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Liyue

}}
The '''Skipper''', whose real name is unknown, is a historical figure from [[Liyue]] who lived around 1,000 years ago. He is most well known for his quest for vengeance against a certain sea monster and his eventual success at the cost of his life.<ref name="TFtW1">{{Ref/Book|Tales From the Waves|1|Rising Tide}}</ref><ref name="SS">{{Ref/Weapon|Serpent Spine}}</ref> His story is intertwined with that of [[Parsifal]]'s, a former [[Mondstadt Aristocracy|Mondstadt aristocrat]] who was forced to flee due to his vigilantism and ultimately took refuge on the Skipper's boat.<ref name="HoD">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Heart of Depth}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Iron Sting}}</ref>

[[Tales From the Waves]] is a novelization of the Skipper's origin story, while [[Serpent Spine]] was his greatsword.

==Profile==
==Story==
The Skipper originally made a living out of tracking down and hunting dangerous sea monsters, using their corpses to adorn his ship. His obsession with his war trophies, however, made him out of touch with ordinary folk and even his own crew feared him more than they admired him. The only person he showed any tenderness for was his navigator, a young maiden who sang sea shanties without end.<ref name="TFtW1" />

However, the Skipper and his crew one day met their match. They faced a beast whose size alone made all other monsters they had slain look like insects by comparison. Despite fighting a long and arduous battle, it was clear that they would not win, and the monster prepared to swallow the remnants of the crew up.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Tales From the Waves|2|Wild Storm}}</ref> Nevertheless, the Skipper fought back with all he had even in the face of death. Right before he could be torn apart, however, the maiden's song distracted the monster and it targeted her instead, dragging her down into the waves to her doom. Apparently satisfied, the monster spared the Skipper, who awoke on a merchant ship after having lost his crew and all he had. He swore to avenge the maiden's death by slaying the monster once and for all.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Tales From the Waves|3|Receding Torrent}}</ref>

===Revenge and Death===
Following the disaster, the Skipper's personality drastically changed, becoming carefree and jovial. He eventually rebuilt his crew, but skirted around the subject of his thirst for vengeance. At some point in time, Parsifal &mdash; outwitted and disgraced by his half-brother [[Eberhart]] &mdash; threw his lot in with the Skipper and signed a contract with him, promising to go with the Skipper even to his death against the sea monster if need be. By this point, Parsifal had become a depressed alcoholic who was rarely ever sober, but the Skipper didn't mind and continued giving him important tasks.<ref name="HoD" />

Finally, the day came that the conditions were right for his vengeance. The Skipper took his men out to sea to combat the sea monster; Parsifal died in combat<ref name="HoD" /> and the Skipper and his men likely followed suit, as neither he nor his ship ever returned to [[Liyue Harbor]]. However, the Skipper got his revenge: some time afterwards, the corpse of a great sea monster torn apart by the marks of a greatsword washed up onto Liyue's shore.<ref name="SS" />

==Trivia==
* Based on the Chinese name for {{Lang|Serpent Spine|zh=螭骨剑}}, the Skipper may have fought against a {{Lang|[[Chi]]|zh=螭}} and turned its spine into his sword.
* In boating terminology, a {{w|Sea captain#Skipper|skipper}} is a kind of sea captain.

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:船頭]]
[[pt-br:Skipper]]