{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Skirk.png
|type             = Quest NPC
|realname         = 
|region           = 
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|title2           = 
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm11767862|Cat Protano]]<ref>Youtube: [https://youtu.be/1Ip43DfbkUw Version 4.2 "Masquerade of the Guilty" Trailer | Genshin Impact] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/谢莹 Xie Ying ({{zh|谢莹}})]<ref>Youtube: [https://youtu.be/8HldEh-Ff_I {{zh|《原神》4.2版本PV：「罪人舞步旋」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Mamiko Noto|Noto Mamiko ({{ja|能登麻美子}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1720414468809920595 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:서다혜|Seo Dahye ({{ko|서다혜}})}}<ref>Youtube: [https://youtu.be/PUZp4HOlqA8 {{ko|원신 &vert; 4.2 버전 PV: 「죄인의 원무곡」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
}}
{{Quote|Yet, his "[[Foul Legacy Transformation|Foul Legacy]]" was not originally his. Rather, it was taught to him by that solitary girl who dwelt in the darkest corners of the universe.|[[Childe: Foul Legacy]] Namecard}}
'''Skirk''' is the mysterious swordswoman who was [[Tartaglia]]'s master during his time in the [[Abyss]].<ref name="City">{{Ref/Quest|The City of Rains and Remembrance}}</ref>

==Profile==
Skirk is the disciple of [[Surtalogi]], and has spent much if not all of her time in the Abyss. She is said to live in another ancient world, the dark realm,<ref name="Tart4">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|4}}</ref> or the darkest corners of the universe.<ref>Namecard: [[Childe: Foul Legacy]]</ref> In her realm, time flows differently from the known world; three months in her realm amount to three days in [[Teyvat]].

While she acknowledges that living is a blessing, she notes that a person's death will turn their bonds into "curses," hence why she no longer wishes to return to the surface.<ref name=":1" />

At some point in the past, Surtalogi sent Skirk to ruins beneath the northern seas and to the [[Spiral Abyss]] to search for an ancient [[voyager]] from beyond Teyvat.<ref name=FotDG>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Finale of the Deep Galleries}}</ref>

When Tartaglia fell into the Abyss at the age of fourteen, Skirk took him under her wing and taught him almost all of his abilities. When Tartaglia asked her why she decided to take him as an apprentice, she told him that it was because he had awakened "it" and still had traces of "it" on him, so she was teaching him combat skills because it would be useful in the future. Tartaglia speculates that the "it" she talked about might be related to the [[All-Devouring Narwhal|narwhal]] he saw in his dream when he had just fallen into the Abyss. Tartaglia tried to search for her again for years, but couldn't find any trace of her or the place where he fell into the Abyss.<ref name="City"/>

Though she regards him as her disciple, Skirk claims that she wasn't talkative with Tartaglia during the time she trained him because she "has nothing to say to the weak."<ref name=":0" /> She speaks to those she considers as equals to avoid miscommunication; as someone "greater than humanity," there are many problems whenever she tried talking to humans due to what she refers to as "difference in common sense."<ref name=":0" />

=== Lore ===
When [[Neuvillette]] and the [[Traveler]] descended into the [[Primordial Sea]] to confront the [[All-Devouring Narwhal]], they were able to subdue it long enough for Skirk to appear with an unconscious Childe (from fighting the narwhal for a prolonged time), converting the beast into a small orb before throwing both into the rift she came out of. She expressed exasperation at how her disciple and her "master's pet" started brawling each other during her "short private training session," and acknowledged both Neuvillette and the Traveler's strengths to defeat the narwhal without relying on "power from beyond this world," likely referring to the [[Abyss]]. She revealed her master's identity along with someone else known as [[Vedrfolnir]] before reminding them of the prophecy.<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}</ref>

After the Narwhal was far enough that it could no longer interfere with her, Skirk could properly "smell" Neuvillette's power; that of an Ancient Dragon Authority with a god's "curse," the Hydro [[Gnosis]], mixed in, which she recognized as the "remains" of the third [[Descender]] and suggested that he discard it as it was an item that brought misfortune. He asked her about their identity and when they died, though she did not know. She did promise to ask her master and would send Tartaglia to convey her words to him when the time arises.<ref name=":1">{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref>

==Abilities and Powers==
According to Tartaglia, Skirk is an exceptionally skilled and seasoned swordswoman and a strict teacher; while he is known as one of the most dangerous among the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|Character Details}}</ref> and was explicitly recruited for his combat prowess,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|5}}</ref> he states that she could easily beat him with one hand. He is hopeful that in their next encounter at his current power, he could force her to use both of them.<ref name="TartVO">{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Skirk}}</ref>

During ''[[Masquerade of the Guilty]]'', she displays her ability to shrink the [[All-Devouring Narwhal]] and open up a "teleporter," effortlessly tossing the narwhal and Childe inside.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions|alias="a mysterious swordswoman"|S-Tartaglia-Character Story 4=The "mysterious swordswoman" is implied to be Skirk by Tartaglia's voice-over about her and his namecard description.}}

==Trivia==
* She is speculated to have some connection to [[Khaenri'ah]] or the [[Abyss Order]], considering she is a warrior who dwells in the Abyss and her master is one of the [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah]].
** Tartaglia's melee combat style, which he learned from Skirk, bears similarity to the [[Abyss Herald]]s' Hydro abilities (see [[Tartaglia/Lore#Trivia|his Trivia section]] for details).
* It is unclear whether the quotes within [[Enter the Golden House#Boss Description|Childe]]'s Archive description are narrated by Skirk or the [[Tsaritsa]].
* Skirk wears the artifact [[Deep Gallery's Distant Pact]] in her hair.
* As Skirk used only one hand to hold and throw Childe, Childe's wish for Skirk to use both hands in their next encounter seems to still be unfulfilled.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Skirk Gallery Files}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Skirk
|zhs      = 丝柯克
|zhs_rm   = Sīkēkè
|zht      = 絲柯克
|zht_rm   = Sīkēkè
|ja       = スカーク
|ja_rm    = Sukaaku
|ko       = 스커크
|es       = Skirk
|fr       = Skirk
|ru       = Скирк
|th       = Skirk
|vi       = Skirk
|de       = Skirk
|id       = Skirk
|pt       = Skirk
|tr       = Skirk
|it       = Skirk
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2|introduced=1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Skirk]]
[[fr:Skirk]]
[[pl:Skirk]]
[[pt-br:Skirk]]
[[ru:Скирк]]
[[th:Skirk]]
[[tr:Skirk]]
[[vi:Skirk]]