{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79047
|image         = World Quest Skycastle Saviors.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Daiya's Three-Day Reverie
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|region        = 
|area          = Veluriyam Mirage
|subarea       = Thinkers' Theater
|parent        = Daiya's Three-Day Reverie (Quest)
|concurrent    = The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken
|concurrent2   = Petrifying Gaze
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*15,000;Hero's Wit*2
|voiced        = no
|event_name    = Secret Summer Paradise
}}
'''''Skycastle Saviors''''' is an [[Event Quest]] in [[Thinkers' Theater]], [[Veluriyam Mirage]].
<!--
==Start Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s start location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Steps==
# Listen to the announcement
# Find out what's going on
# Start the Streaming Projector
# Defeat the strange enemies 
#* {{Enemy|Anemo Samachurl|x=1|text = Abruptly-Appearing Anemo Samachurl &mdash; Think Yourself An Actor Too, Eh?}}
#* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=2}}
# Talk to the Elder and the architect

==Gameplay Notes==
* The chest at the end of the quest grants the [[furnishing]] {{Item|"Skycastle" Promo Poster}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"A town floating in the sky encounters an unprecedented crisis, and a miracle-working architect must act quickly to prevent the soaring city from crashing to the ground..."<br>Intrigued, you and Paimon arrive at the set of Skycastle Saviors...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Yes! We've found a new speaker. We can play Daiya's Three-Day Reverie again!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon wonders what this show will be like!

;(Approach the Park Announcement Speaker)
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' All inspections of play mechanisms complete. Anemo Particles in position...
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Hello? Hello? Is everything in place? Those abnormal Anemo Particles... they've all been taken care of, right?
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Ahem! Well then... This performance of "Skycastle Saviors," a play from "Daiya's Three-Day Reverie," will now begin!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' This story takes place in a remote mountainous area. The people living here are constantly facing floods and storms, and their lives are filled with hardship and misery...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' In order to provide advanced warning of disasters, a group of courageous warriors built an observation post on top of a towering cliff...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Over the years, the lookouts on the high cliffs became a unique tribe, known as the "Cliff Keepers"...
:{{Black Screen|The speaker continues to describe the background of the story in detail: <br>The difficulty in transporting goods to the cliffs made the lives of the Keepers even more torturous, to the point they had not a single complete home to live in.<br>The Elder of the Keepers turned to the "Miraculous Architect," renowned for their expertise. They entrusted the architect with the task of constructing a floating town in the sky...}}
:{{Black Screen|The Miraculous Architect constructed a remarkable load-bearing structure, providing a solid foundation upon which all the town could be built.<br>Next, the Architect embedded tens of thousands of specially designed hot air balloons infused with Anemo Particles within the foundation.<br>The unparalleled buoyancy of the balloons effortlessly lifted the entire town to the very summit of the mountain.<br>The Miraculous Architect firmly anchored the town at a predetermined height, granting the Keepers a stable and cozy haven to call home...}}
:{{Black Screen|Yet, as time marched inexorably onward, accidents began to befall the Anemo air balloons...<br>The Keepers soon found their town was slowly losing altitude, teetering on the precipice of shattering into pieces on the mountain's summit...<br>A great calamity loomed, accompanied by tremors that shook the inhabitants' hearts as well as their homes...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, what a heavy start to the story! A floating town in the sky on the verge of falling? Now that's a crisis!
:{{DIcon}} Then let's take it seriously.
:{{DIcon}} Let's learn more about the context...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! It looks like there's another speaker over there! Maybe that's where the play continues, let's go take a look.

;(Approach the Speaker)
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The Elder of the Keepers meets with the Miraculous Architect, and provides a detailed explanation of the crisis looming over the flying town...
:'''Warden Elder:''' Miraculous Architect, as you can see, each day our town continues to descend lower in the sky, and though we long to safeguard this cherished home, our haven of warmth and security, regrettably, we find ourselves helpless to do so...
:'''Warden Elder:''' In addition, quakes have been rocking our town with immense force, alarming rumors are spreading like wildfire, and a sense of panic is now gripping the people...
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' We're all gonna get smashed! We're all gonna get smashed to smithereens!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Esteemed Elder, I get that you're worried, and I've been hearing some rumors doubting my project's quality controls...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' But fret not! I'm here once again to resolve this crisis once and for all, alleviating your fears and dispelling any doubts you may have!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' I just took a brief tour of the town, and took a look at the monitoring devices I had set up in the foundation. And guess what? I discovered that the fault lies with a few individual lift balloons...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' It appears that the Anemo Particle levels in certain lift balloons have dropped as if they have been intentionally damaged... However, as long as we fix them, we can prevent the town from plummeting from the sky.
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' So, to restore the town to its planned altitude, we'll need to increase the lift provided by some balloons and install additional fixed anchor cables.
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Though I should say... it's gonna cost a little extra. You see, in most cases, intentional damage isn't covered by the warranty...
:'''Warden Elder:''' No worries. We'll increase the budget to five times the initial rate, how's that?
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' Five times! Five times!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Oh my my, so willing to add in a bit extra, that's wonderful...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Wait, five times? Don't you think that's a bit much!? Back when this town was initially constructed, your budget was already several times what other clients paid!
:'''Warden Elder:''' I didn't mention this last time, but before, we ran into an exceptionally greedy craftsman. Seeing our resources, he quoted a price over 20 times the market rate.
:'''Warden Elder:''' Luckily, we had been thorough in our research and didn't fall for it. But as a result, we have a rough idea of the true construction costs... And your bid has always been far below what would be expected...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' So you were always loaded? You guys really are... well, good at keeping a low profile.
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' We live lives of hardship so that everyone below can prosper. Everyone knows it, so they are quite generous.
:'''Warden Elder:''' So it is, the neighboring villages have grown wealthy, and often send us opulent gifts and donate vast sums. But our tribe has been accustomed to modest living since our days on the cliff, and so we save most of it...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Do such people really still exist in this world? Such humility...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Ahem! Regardless... I happen to be a master of cost control. I believe that increasing the rate by two and a half times is more than sufficient. Five times is a bit much, don't you think?
:'''Warden Elder:''' I must say, I'm truly impressed. Just as one would expect from a distinguished architect who has been dubbed "Miraculous"...
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' Don't want free money? Don't want free money? Idiot! Idiot!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Hey, now! You're the bird-brain! I earn all my Mora honestly!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' When constructing this town, my quote was only slightly higher than the cost of materials and labor. This allowed me to build the finest houses while still having enough money left over to cover my meals for two whole months...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' As for today's maintenance service, if the fees are enough to cover my travel and lodging costs for a few days, isn't that the best value for you?
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The Elder, who just a moment ago had been moved to tears, suddenly grew annoyed and knocked out the parrot perching on his shoulder...
:'''Warden Elder:''' Ahem, we are truly grateful! The Keepers will forever cherish your kindness and tales of your noble deeds will be passed on from generation to generation...
:'''Warden Elder:''' Speaking of which, in our previous encounter, you had hired a Sumpter Beast caravan and brought hundreds of special storage jars. However, this time around, it seems you have arrived with minimal equipment and without any special preparation...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Ahem! You've hit the nail on the head. The primary issue at hand is finding a way to gather sufficient Anemo Particles to restore the lost lift of the balloons...
:'''Warden Elder:''' That's no problem! This time, we'll handle the Anemo Particles!
:'''Warden Elder:''' Collecting them is our specialty. My people are well-versed in using Anemo Particles to forecast storms.
:'''Warden Elder:''' Let us, the professionals, assist you in this crucial matter.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The Elder selects two courageous Keepers &mdash; you, who have patiently waited on the sidelines.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' You have triumphed over gravity and mountain winds, effortlessly navigating the towering terrain. You are the rising stars of the Keepers.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it! It's our time to shine!
:'''Paimon:''' This time, we're skilled Keepers, and we just need to fly all over collecting Anemo Particles! That's super easy for us.
:{{DIcon}} It's a classic trope.
:{{DIcon}} We've had practice.
:'''Warden Elder:''' Very well, then we will entrust this task to you! This may be more exhausting than usual, so we will be sure the rewards are commensurate.
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Working at heights is no joke. Please be careful!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, humble Elder and honest Architect! Leave it to us! You two just fix those balloons while we go fetch the critical particles!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go, {{Traveler}}! Let's hustle and get the job done pronto! Just have to collect enough Anemo Particles so these Keepers can keep their home!

;(Approach the Streaming Projector)
:'''Paimon:''' We've found a Streaming Projector! We'll need it for the upcoming show!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's activate it now, {{Traveler}}!

;(Progress to the second Preprint stage)
:'''Narrator:''' Moving like nimble birds, the two young guardians collected the scattered Anemo Particles with ease.
:'''Narrator:''' Meanwhile, the miraculous architect is busy repairing the balloon in the town's foundation at full speed.
:'''Paimon:''' Collecting these Anemo Particles isn't easy! Repairing those balloons must be really tough, too! Who would do something so terrible!?

;(Collect the first four Anemo Particles on the third Preprint stage)
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on!? The last 3 Anemo Particles... fled!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go after them, {{Traveler}}!
:;(The player is teleported out of the Preprint to see two Hilichurls and an Anemo Samachurl)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! So these three stole the last Anemo Particles!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, were they behind the sabotage of the balloons too?
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh! {{Traveler}}, let's teach them a lesson and get those Anemo Particles back!

;(Defeat the enemies)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! See the error of your ways now?
:'''Paimon:''' No more sabotage in the future! Got it?
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' But something feels off! Have any of you seen those three before? Could they be actors that Actaholic hired?
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Where's Engineer? Did Engineer fix the sea monster's mechanisms? Hurry up and get the emergency team to the scene to handle cleanup...
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Wait, what? I'm still on the air? Ahhhh, my bad! I'll turn it off now!
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Thankfully, the guests were able to handle the sudden emergency themselves... We definitely can't make this mistake again!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' After overcoming all kinds of challenging trials, pretty much all the Anemo Particles were successfully collected. The two Keepers were so focused that they didn't realize that more than half a month has passed.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The Miraculous Architect comes through in a big way, swiftly repairing the lift balloons in the town's foundation...
:'''Paimon:''' The narrator on the speaker... sounds a bit anxious, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} Was that part of the show?
:{{DIcon}} Or did something go wrong?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's got no clue. But it's probably not important. Let's get back to the play!
:'''Paimon:''' The narrator mentioned that we've jumped ahead like half a month in time, which saves us from waiting for the architect to fix the balloons. Let's go and meet them now!

;(Approach the Speaker)
:'''Warden Elder:''' Welcome back! It could not have been easy, please, enjoy a hard-earned rest.
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' Bravo! Bravo!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' You look around and notice that the Miraculous Architect has already repaired all the damaged balloons.<br>Once the Anemo Particles are ready, the disaster will have been completely averted.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The Elder calls upon the other Keepers, who arrive with steaming hot food and refreshing drinks. Your efficiency has also left the Miraculous Architect stupefied, staring in awe.
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' You already completed the collection? That's a full five days faster than my expectations! No wonder the Elder said you guys were pros...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Now that we have enough Anemo Particles, I'll replenish the lift balloons without further ado!
:{{Black Screen|The narration from the loudspeaker paints the following scene:}}<!--line continues below-->
:{{Black Screen|The Miraculous Architect whips out a nifty gadget and dashes around, spreading the Anemo Particles you gathered through preset interfaces to devices scattered all across the foundation.}}<!--next two lines are separate-->
:{{Black Screen|With the lift provided by the balloons restored, the abnormal vibrations come to a sudden halt.<br>The village ceases its descent and gradually ascends back to its original altitude, while the powerful air currents disperse the vast expanse of clouds...}}
:{{Black Screen|The once-somber sky clears, and the town is once more embraced by radiant sunshine. The Keepers erupt in celebration...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome! The town won't plummet to the ground, and the crisis has been solved. Time for a round of applause!
:'''Paimon:''' But... why are we staring up? It's all in our imaginations anyway, and we're still on the floating town anyway...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's neck is sore!
:'''Paimon:''' How about this: when we get the chance, let's find an expert to illustrate this story... or even better, turn it into a film! Paimon has a hunch that it's going to be a major hit!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe Daiya has the same idea.
:{{DIcon}} I bet it's mainly budget issues.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' As the ground beneath his feet finally stops shaking, the elder takes a long breath, feeling so moved that he begins to tear up.
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' The town is safe! The town is safe!
:'''Warden Elder:''' Fantastic! Fantastic... Now we Keepers can carry on with our duty!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Success... This repair project went off without a hitch, and it's definitely worthy of being written into a thesis... Oh boy, it's a perfect example that could even make it into a textbook!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' I won't have to worry about food expenses for the next two months. Hmm, what kind of marvelous creation shall I dream up...
:'''Warden Elder:''' But, if I may, it appears that the town is still ascending, and if it surpasses its original altitude... when will it come to a stop?
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Oops!
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' I may have been so focused on fixing the balloons that I forgot to secure the anchor rope to counteract the lift...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' No need to panic... The town is rising at a relatively slow speed, and we can use smaller cargo balloons to attach the anchor! It'll be a cinch.
:'''Warden Elder:''' I see. I thought that after witnessing the success of these two heroes, you came to the conclusion that we could all walk up walls and live in the sky...
:'''Warden Elder:''' Ha! The Keepers aren't as mighty as that... Please address this issue as soon as possible.
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' Ask for more money? Ask for more money?
:'''Impolite Mockingbird:''' Earn a bit more? Earn a bit more?
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Sure, if the Elder would like to build a lavish birdcage and confine you within it until you learn proper speech etiquette and business ethics...
:'''Miraculous Architect:''' Forget about any extra charge. I'll cover it myself!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Despite the little hiccup at the end, the story wrapped up beautifully.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Thus as always, the troubles of the Cliff Keepers were resolved by the Miraculous Architect.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' This floating town in the sky will keep on supporting the Cliff Keepers, ensuring lasting peace and prosperity in the region...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' And thus, "Skycastle Saviors" comes to an end. Thanks for watching!
:'''Paimon:''' Encore, encore! The curtains have fallen, and even though it wasn't perfect, Paimon thought it was decent!
:'''Paimon:''' If Paimon was a wealthy merchant, Paimon would invest a ton of money into "Daiya's Three-Day Reverie" and make every prop and scene amazing!
:{{DIcon}} Let's look into that when the opportunity arises.
:{{DIcon}} We need to gain a solid understanding of their financials before investing...
:'''Paimon:''' Absolutely! Paimon hopes we get a chance to meet the mysterious Daiya!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Gameplay Notes==
Certain characters during the play have titles, which are as follows:
* '''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Automated Prompt Tone
* '''Narrator On Speaker:''' Sufficiently Lyrical Voice
* '''Warden Elder:''' Distressed Office Worker
* '''Impolite Mockingbird:''' Very-High-Frequency Chirping
* '''Miraculous Architect:''' Eternal Non-Profit

==Trivia==
* The Miraculous Architect in this play may be based on [[Kaveh]], an architect who previously visited the domain to redesign many of the buildings. Kaveh has a personality and approach to work similar to the Miraculous Architect. 
** The Miraculous Architect is mentioned to use a "nifty gadget," possibly referring to [[Mehrak]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Skycastle Saviors
|zhs     = 天空高城救守记
|zhs_rm  = Tiānkōng Gāochéng Jiùshǒu-jì
|zht     = 天空高城救守記
|zht_rm  = Tiānkōng Gāochéng Jiùshǒu-jì
|zh_tl   = Defense and Rescue Records of the Castle in the Sky
|ja      = セーブ・ザ・スカイタウン
|ja_rm   = Seebu Za Sukaitaun
|ja_tl   = Save the Sky-Town
|ko      = 공중 마을 구출기
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Salvadores de la ciudad celestial
|es_tl   = Saviors of the Celestial City
|fr      = Sauveurs de l'acropole céleste
|fr_tl   = Celestial Acropolis Saviors
|ru      = Спасение Небесного града
|ru_tl   = Rescue of the Celestial City
|th      = บันทึกการปกป้องนครลอยฟ้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyến Giải Cứu Thị Trấn Trên Không
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Rettung der Himmelsstadt
|de_tl   = The Rescue of the Celestial City
|id      = Penyelamat Istana Langit
|id_tl   = Saviors of the Skycastle
|pt      = Salvadores do Castelo Flutuante
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gökteki Kalenin Kurtarıcıları
|tr_tl   = Saviors of Castle in the Sky
|it      = Salvatori del Castello celeste
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Salvadores do Castelo Flutuante]]
[[ru:Спасение Небесного града]]