{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 3
|region  = Liyue
|naming  = Weapon name: Skyrider ''weapon''
|lore    = [[Skyrider]] and his attempts to fly by riding a sword
}}
The '''Skyrider Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 3-star [[Weapon Series]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Skyrider Series}}

==Lore==
Weapons used by a master swordsman known as [[Skyrider]] who attempted to fly by riding on a sword.

His first known attempt was when he jumped from the heights of Jueyun Karst attempting to fly on the Skyrider Sword, but unfortunately it seems the sword broke and he sold it for medicine, likely to recover from his fall.

Keeping to his dream, he decided that swordsmanship wasn't the answer, but perhaps the sword was. So he got a bigger sword to try again, this time jumping from the heights of Guyun Stone Forest and seemingly dying.

His dream may have ended, but his sword and story lives on.

==Trivia==
*Interestingly, there is a Skyrider Greatsword stabbed into a stone platform at Guyun Stone Forest. Perhaps it landed there after his leap, though the positioning seems a bit too intentional for it to have just randomly fallen there.
*[[Pan Guan'er]] finds a Skyrider Sword in Jueyun Karst. It's unclear if this is the one that the Skyrider sold, if it is from another attempt, or if this weapon is simply mass-produced and not unique to the Skyrider.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Surcacielos]]
[[ja:飛天シリーズ]]