{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Liyue

}}
'''Skyrider''' is the namesake character in the [[Skyrider Series]].

==Story==
The Skyrider first attempted to fly with his [[Skyrider Sword|sword]] in [[Jueyun Karst]], but failed and was nonlethally wounded. He sold the sword in exchange for medicine, but his dreams of flying continued.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Skyrider Sword}}</ref> Instead of accepting that swords would not fly, he blamed the sword, and decided to use a larger [[Skyrider Greatsword|greatsword]] instead. He attempted once more to fly in [[Guyun Stone Forest]], but once again fell, this time perishing in the attempt.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Skyrider Greatsword}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* This is likely based off the common trope in ''{{W|Xianxia (genre)|xianxia}}'' novels where cultivators can fly on their swords.
* Interestingly, there is a Skyrider Greatsword stabbed into a stone platform at Guyun Stone Forest. Perhaps it landed there after his leap, though the positioning seems a bit too intentional for it to have just randomly fallen there.
* [[Pan Guan'er]] finds a Skyrider Sword in Jueyun Karst. It's unclear if this is the one that the Skyrider sold, if it is from another attempt, or if this weapon is simply mass-produced and not unique to the Skyrider.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Skyrider
|zhs     = 御剑公子
|zhs_rm  = Yùjiàn Gōngzǐ
|zht     = 御劍公子
|zht_rm  = Yùjiàn Gōngzǐ
|zh_tl   = Swordriding Young Noble
|ja      = 御剣公子
|ja_rm   = Gyoken Koushi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Swordriding Young Noble{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = {{tt|어검|御劍}} {{tt|공자|公子}}
|ko_tl   = Swordriding Young Noble{{Sino|ko}}
|es      = Surcacielos
|es_tl   = Skyrider
|es_note = Extrapolated from the Spanish names for Skyrider's namesake weapons, [[Skyrider Sword]] and [[Skyrider Greatsword]]. Skyrider himself is never directly called by name in the Spanish text, instead referred to as a {{Es|cierta persona|certain person.}}
|fr      = <!--quelqu'un / maître épéiste / jeune épéiste-->
|fr_tl   = 
|ru      = Небесный Всадник
|ru_tl   = Skyrider
|th      = Skyrider
|vi      = {{tt|Ngự Kiếm Công Tử|御劍公子}}
|vi_tl   = Swordriding Young Noble{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Schwertprinz
|de_tl   = Sword Prince
|id      = Skyrider
|pt      = Skyrider
|tr      = Gökbinicisi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cavalcacieli
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:御剣公子]]