{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Sayu
|actNum        = I
|act           = Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Give It Up!
|characters    = Kano Nana; Sayu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Sleep Alone Can't Wait''' is a quest in [[Sayu]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu]].

==Steps==
# Go to Sayu's sleeping spot
# Defeat the slimes
#* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=3}}
#* {{Enemy|Large Pyro Slime|x=2}}
# Go to the backup nap location
# Help Sayu retrieve the ninja equipment
# Discuss your plans with Sayu again
# Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine
# Sneak near the sakura tree near the shrine
#* Enter [[Stealth]] mode
# Talk to Sayu

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Rather than working or training, Sayu thinks that sleeping is of the utmost urgency and importance.}}
===Sleep Alone Can't Wait===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901401 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Slimes! What are slimes doing here!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901401 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Time to put our ninjutsu to good use!
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sigh* How am I supposed to nap here with slimes everywhere?
:{{DIcon}} Is this where you usually come to nap?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn* Yep. It's not ideal for hiding, but it certainly has a nice view and tons of fresh air. Napping here makes your dreams just that much sweeter.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But slimes? Seriously, what gives? There's never any slimes here...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' And now there's ashes everywhere. Ugh, I can't nap here, I'll feel all nasty and grimy and it'll make my outfit dirty.
:{{DIcon}} You seem pretty picky over just a place to nap.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Of course! Even though I can sleep practically anywhere, it's very important to consider the quality of my sleep.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Just in case the shrine maiden ever appears, I always sleep with one ear to the ground. That way, I can run to escape the moment I hear her approaching.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn* Which is exactly why I'm such a light sleeper now.
:{{DIcon}} You're always alert, aren't you...
:{{DIcon}} I suppose one could say this makes you an even more impressive ninja.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' That's how things are during the day. But sometimes, I can't sleep well at night, either. *sigh*
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I suppose the good news is that we got rid of these slimes before the whole forest went up in flames.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Seems like I'll need to scout out another place to nap.
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any backup napping spots?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Of course, but the shrine maiden is always looking for where I like to sleep, so I have to keep finding more.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901409 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Come with me, hopefully she hasn't discovered any of my recent napping spots.
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Enigmatic Shrine Maiden===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, seems like the coast is clear.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? Wait, what's that?
:{{DIcon}} It looks like some sort of sharp, pointy ninja gadget...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, now I recognize it. It's meant to keep intruders at bay, but is also often used for ninja training. It really hurts if you step on one, so be careful.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' There's a bunch on the stones here, and probably some in the grass as well... I see traces of lots of activity here. I've got a bad feeling about this.
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's one of the shrine maiden's tactics. Once she discovers one of my napping spots, she'll turn it into a training area for the Shuumatsuban to keep me from sleeping there.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, but how did she find this one...
:{{DIcon}} Do you think she's also the one behind the slimes we ran into earlier?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I dunno, maybe not... The shrine maiden should know the danger that Pyro Slimes present to the forest.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But it's hard to say for sure... The shrine maiden will go to extreme lengths to catch me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's almost as if she's my sworn enemy...
:{{DIcon}} She wouldn't go that far, would she?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' She's the bane of my existence, that's for sure.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we go and have a look at your next backup spot?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hold on, we can't just leave all these scattered around like this.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Otherwise, it could harm the kitsune or other wildlife. We should pick 'em all up.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you worried that Kano Nana could still be in the area?
:{{DIcon}} If we don't leave, there's a good chance that the shrine maiden will catch us.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Then we'll just have to be quick. Let's pick it all up and run. We can do it fast enough if we try.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' How could the ninja leave their training equipment just sitting out here like this? Don't they know that it's dangerous?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The next time I'm at the Shuumatsuban, I'll be sure to give them a piece of my mind.
:{{DIcon}} You... give them a piece of your mind?
:{{DIcon}} Do you really dare?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Y&mdash;Yeah, that's right. We can't just let something like this slide!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh, I mean... I can't promise anything, but I'll try...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901402 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Anyway, let's get a move on. We need to pick all this stuff up.
----
;(After retrieving the ninja equipment)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew... Finally. That's the last of it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hehe, see? Even the kitsune are thanking us now.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' That's right, don't eat any strange ninja gadgets, got it?
:{{DIcon}} You really love the wildlife here, don't you, Sayu?
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' This is their home. We can't just let them get hurt here.
:{{DIcon}} You're a very caring person, Sayu.
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Well, uh... I just wanted to help the wildlife here.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn* But what should we do about getting a nap... *sigh* The shrine maiden could appear at any moment.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we can go to your next napping spot?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Given what we saw just now, I'm afraid the shrine maiden has already discovered all my usual spots. Nowhere is safe from the maiden...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' In which case, we'll need to scout out a new place to nap.
:{{DIcon}} How about Konda Village?
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, there's too many people there. All the shrine maiden would have to do is ask around and she'd know where we are in no time.
:{{DIcon}} How about Amakane Island?
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The scenery is nice there, but there's too much rustling and noise. It'll be hard to sleep there.
:{{DIcon}} How about Tenshukaku?
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' What made you think of Tenshukaku? You don't want to make me sleep in between the eaves, do you?
::{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I could definitely sleep soundly in a place like that, but there won't be enough space for me to grow at all.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sigh* I guess there's no choice but to go out adventuring... As they say, "The most dangerous of places is often the safest of places."
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So if we're going to avoid the shrine maiden, I guess the safest place would be the Grand Narukami Shrine.
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Are you serious?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah. She'd never expect to find me sleeping in the big tree at the Grand Narukami Shrine.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' All we need to do is carefully make our way inside without drawing any unwanted attention.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Once we're in, I'll be able to take a nice, long, undisturbed nap.
:{{DIcon}} I suppose that makes sense. Let's give it a try.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901404 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Alright, up the mountain we go!
{{Dialogue end}}

===For Sweeter Dreams===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901405 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? Forget the shrine maiden, this place is crawling with members of the Yashiro Commission. What are they all doing here?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901405 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But we can't turn back now. Let's sneak inside and have a closer look.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901405 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Don't alert them to our presence, alright? Quietly now...
----
<!--
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901406 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh uh, they see us!
-->

;(If you're discovered)
:'''''You and Sayu are discovered. The infiltration falls through.'''''
:;(Return to the previous step)
----
;(After reaching the destination)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew, good thing they didn't notice us. That scary Guuji lady doesn't seem to be around either.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Actually, I've always wanted to come here for a nap. It's spacious, and... *yawn* super comfy.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'm already... really sleepy... *yawn*
:{{DIcon}} We went through a lot to get here.
:{{DIcon}} Then I won't disturb you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Thanks for sticking with me. If you ever need a ninja, my skills are at your disposal.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Even though I prefer to avoid my work with the Shuumatsuban, if it's you that I'm assisting, I'm more than happy to help.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ideally when I'm not sleepy, of course.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Sayu! Where are you, Sayu?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ...Wha!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The shrine maiden! H&mdash;How did she find me here!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Wh&mdash;What should I do... Oh, not good... not good!
:{{DIcon}} I'll go stall her to buy you some time.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Would you? Oh, thanks! Just see if you can lure her away from here!

:'''''You reach the foot of the tree, and Kano Nana has coincidentally just arrived in the area.'''''

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 02.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Hmm? Oh, it's you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 03.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' After I returned from checking with the Yashiro Commission concerning the ambush operation, I discovered that you and Sayu had already left the forest.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 04.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Is she here with you?
:{{DIcon}} Nope, she's not here.
:{{DIcon}} She left a while ago.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 05.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Strange, I found all sorts of traces along the road. They all pointed me towards this shrine.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 06.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Well, never mind. If you haven't seen her here, then perhaps she ran off to another one of her hiding spots.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 07.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' I did manage to confirm that the ambush order did not originate from the Yashiro Commission. An investigation is already underway. It seems we'll have more information soon enough, you needn't worry.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, that was very kind of you. If that's all, I'll be leaving now.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 08.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Hmm... Wait a moment.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 09.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Are you absolutely sure you haven't seen Sayu?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I'm sure.
:{{DIcon}} Y&mdash;Yes, absolutely sure.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 10.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' *sigh* ...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 11.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Although I can't prove it, my intuition tells me that she is nearby.
:{{DIcon}} (She's really not buying it...)
:{{DIcon}} (No wonder Sayu's always looking over her shoulder...)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 12.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Huh...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 13.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Strange, I don't think I've ever seen this kitsune around the Shrine before...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 kanonana 14.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' It seems to be concerned about the tree here... I wonder if there's something in the branches.
:{{DIcon}} (Oh no, it's the kitsune from when we were picking up all the ninja gear!)
:{{DIcon}} Run!!!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901407 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You'll never catch me!!!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Definitely No Work Today!===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Definitely No Work Today!
|ending name_alt = Definitely No Work Today
|character       = Sayu
|act             = 1
|description     = Since hiding won't work, Sayu now resorts to her final trump card: speed!
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sleep Alone Can't Wait
|zhs     = 唯有睡觉不可耽误
|zhs_rm  = Wéi Yǒu Shuìjiào Bùkě Dānwù
|zht     = 唯有睡覺不可耽誤
|zht_rm  = Wéi Yǒu Shuìjiào Bùkě Dānwù
|zh_tl   = Only Sleep Cannot be Hindered
|ja      = 睡眠だけはサボれない
|ja_rm   = Suimin Dake wa Saborenai
|ja_tl   = Only Sleep Cannot be Skipped
|ko      = 잠보다 중요한 건 없어
|ko_rm   = Jamboda Jungyohan Geon Eopsseo
|ko_tl   = There's Nothing Important than Sleep
|es      = La siesta no se va a dormir sola
|es_tl   = The Nap Doesn't Go To Sleep Alone
|fr      = Le dodo n'attend pas !
|fr_tl   = Sleep Doesn't Wait!
|ru      = Сон важнее всего
|ru_tl   = Sleep is the Most Important
|th      = การนอนจะล่าช้าไม่ได้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ngủ Là Việc Không Thể Chần Chừ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Nur Schlafen kann nicht warten
|de_tl   = Only Sleeping Can't Wait
|id      = Jangan Ganggu Tidurku
|id_tl   = Don't Interrupt My Sleep
|pt      = A soneca não se dormirá sozinha
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uyku Beklemez
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il sonno non può attendere
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}