{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Media
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Slime Concert.jpg
|type         = Enemy Groups
|type2        = Elemental Lifeforms
}}
{{Description|A pudgy elemental life form.<br />It's said that desserts made from slimes of different elements will have incredibly distinctive flavors.}}
'''Slimes''' are [[Common Enemies]] found all around [[Teyvat]].

In combat, Slimes can apply the corresponding elemental statuses to themselves and are immune to their own element.

==Description==
{{Quote
|quote  = Lowly life forms of minimal intelligence, made from condensed elemental energy. But ignore them for too long, and they just might become a bigger problem.
|source = [[Loading Screen]]}}
{{Quote
|quote  = Typically, when life arises from the elements, it either descends and becomes a slime, or ascends and becomes a crystalfly.
|source = [[Breeze Amidst the Forest#Vol. 1|Breeze Amidst the Forest (Vol. I)]]}}

Slimes are [[Elemental Lifeforms]]. They are created from condensed elemental energy that descended into slimes. Slimes need elemental energy in order to survive and cannot resist elemental bait regardless of the element they're affiliated with.

Slimes are usually found with their corresponding surroundings. Some slimes can be found with [[hilichurls]] and used for various purposes, from making explosives to preserving food.

==Types==
===Small Slimes===
Small Slimes primarily attack by bumping into the player.
* {{Enemy|Anemo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Cryo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Dendro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Electro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Geo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Hydro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime}}

===Large Slimes===
Large Slimes have a greater range of attacks that vary based on element. However, they all share an attack where they leap into the air and slam down at the player's location.
* {{Enemy|Large Anemo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Large Cryo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Large Dendro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Large Electro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Mutant Electro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Large Geo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Large Hydro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Large Pyro Slime}}

==Drops==
===Small Slimes===
{{Drops Table|type=Slimes (Small)}}

===Large Slimes===
{{Drops Table|type=Slimes (Large)}}

==Trivia==
* Slimes need to extract elemental energy to survive. Because of this, substances like [[Mist Flower Corolla|Mist Flower]] extract are irresistible to them.
** During [[Darknight Hero's Alibi (Quest)|Darknight Hero's Alibi]], [[Connor]] from the [[Dawn Winery]] creates Elemental Bait with Mist Flower extract for the [[Traveler]] to use and lure slimes. The Traveler uses it again during [[Astrology and the 50-Year Pact]].
* It seems that the Hilichurls are resourceful enough to utilize the Slimes for their own use:
** Large Anemo Slimes can be used to operate Air Balloons to transport cargo.
*** The hot air balloon in [[Safe Conduct]] took inspiration on its design. The air lift in [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges|Floral Freefall]] uses the same hot air balloon design as well.
** [[Mitachurls]] often use Slimes in battle. They will dig up the ground and throw Slimes at the player. The Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl is capable of creating a wooden shield with Dendro Slimes while the Blazing Axe and Crackling Axe Mitachurls can sear their axes with Pyro or Electro Slimes respectively and then throw them at the player.
*** [[Lawachurls]] go a step further and, depending on the type of Lawachurl, Geo, Cryo, and Electro Slimes to throw at the player. They often do this when the player is out of their reach. If they have generated elemental armor they will instead hurl large Geo, Cryo, and Electro Slimes.
** Some Hilichurls are able to manufacture explosive barrels made from Pyro Slimes or Cryo Slimes.
** The [[Cryo Hilichurl Grenadier]]s use Cryo Slimes in preserving the freshness of foods.
* As seen above and in both the Archive description and in certain domains (namely, the Ruin Guard Factory), Electro Slimes are used as power source.
* While slimes are found all over Teyvat, Anemo and Dendro Slimes are mysteriously absent in Inazuma's islands. However:
** Large Anemo Slimes are encountered as part of the [[Full Speed Ahead]] and [[The Thundering Wilds]] [[Commissions]] at [[Watatsumi Island]] and at some [[Ley Line Outcrops]].
** Dendro Slimes appear in [[Enkanomiya]], although it is considered separate from the rest of Inazuma.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/WygaIgDClwY
|caption1 = Liyue Region Farm Guide (250 total)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|type=Common}}

[[es:Slimes]]
[[fr:Blobs]]
[[id:Slime]]
[[ja:スライム]]
[[pt-br:Slimes]]
[[ru:Слаймы]]
[[th:Slime]]
[[uk:Слимаки]]
[[zh:史萊姆]]