{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73017
|image         = World Quest Slumbering Roots.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Varuna Gatha
|part          = 
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arakunti; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Apam Woods]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Apam Woods
|prev          = Varuna Gatha (Quest)
|next          = A Prayer for Rain on the Fecund Land
|concurrent    = Memory of Stone
|concurrent2   = Irate Iron Chunk
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''''Slumbering Roots''''' is a quest in the [[Varuna Gatha]] quest series. It is automatically received after completing the [[Varuna Gatha (Quest)|Varuna Gatha]] World Quest.

==Steps==
# Head to the [[Grove of Dreams]] to find [[Arakunti]]
#* You can find the entry to the Grove of Dreams by going north from the marker of the quest on the map, following a large tree root to a stone littered opening on the ground. Jump down the opening.
# Play the Rhythm of the Great Dream at the designated location to lure the Aranara out
#* Quest Navigation: Equip instrument and play Aranara music to draw out the Aranara in hiding
# Find the "branch" with Arakunti
# Play the Rhythm of the Great Dream in front of [[Silapna]]
# Make the three "leaves" in the dream turn towards the "branch"
# Play the Rhythm of the Great Dream in front of Silapna
# Talk to Arakunti

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Arakunti has headed to the Grove of Dreams, where a way to enter dreams is said to reside. However, the twisting roots of the great tree make finding Aranara &mdash; or anything else there really &mdash; a taxing task and then some...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the Grove of Dreams. Let's look for Arakunti!

;(Enter the cave)
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), look! That one over there... It's probably an Aranara! Should we go over and ask him?
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, are you Arakunti?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why did he run away? Oh right, Arapandu did say that if Arakunti hid himself, you just need to {{Color|Buzzword|play some Aranara music}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's give it a try. When he hears familiar music, he should know that we are friends of the Aranara!

;(Play the Rhythm of the Great Dream)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! We finally found you! You're Arakunti, aren't you?
:'''Arakunti:''' One might not be.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean by that?
:'''Arakunti:''' Because one might be a tree, or rain, or a dream of Vana, or the strings of a musical instrument.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't understand a word of what he just said! Did you, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Me neither.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon feels like she knows the meaning of each individual word, but they stop making sense once you string them together into a sentence.
:{{DIcon}} I can probably guess.
::'''Paimon:''' Amazing! So what did his words mean?
::{{DIcon}} He said that he can transform into many other things.
::'''Paimon:''' Really? Don't you pull Paimon's leg, (Traveler)...
:'''Arakunti:''' Why are the Golden Nara and the small flying thing here to find Arakunti?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not some small flying thing! Wait, Paimon actually is a flying... Argh! Anyway, Paimon's... Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Your "Golden Nara" also has a name, and that's (Traveler).
:'''Paimon:''' [[Arapandu]] told us that you're in the Grove of Dreams and he sent us to check up on you.
:'''Arakunti:''' You can tell Arapandu that Arakunti is fine, the Grove of Dreams is fine, and the humid dreams are also fine.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay... (Traveler), let's head back and talk to Arapandu.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Or maybe not! We came here to heal the [[Varuna Contraption]]! That was close. Paimon was almost led by the nose...
:'''Arakunti:''' You can tell Arapandu that Arakunti doesn't want to lead Paimon by the nose.
:{{DIcon}} Arapandu probably doesn't want to know that.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't want to either! What on earth is going on with this Aranara!?
:{{DIcon}} I recall Arapandu saying...
:'''Paimon:''' He said, "Arakunti's more distant from Nara." Does that mean Arakunti doesn't know how to communicate with people?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we're the ones who don't know how to communicate with Aranara.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! That's right... We're the ones who should try to follow the local customs and learn how to communicate with them.
:'''Paimon:''' But now that you mention it, how do Aranara communicate, anyway?
:{{DIcon}} What do you think, small flying thing?
::'''Paimon:''' If the Golden Nara doesn't know, what would the small flying thing know? Why don't we just ask the amazing Arakunti?
:{{DIcon}} Well, how about we start from using metaphors?
::'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon try! The Golden Nara is just like... like... um... like a [[Teyvat Fried Egg]]?
::'''Paimon:''' ...Actually, let's just ask Arakunti directly.
:'''Paimon:''' Can you tell us exactly how Aranara communicate with each other? We really wanna learn!
:'''Arakunti:''' Why do you want to learn? Nara is Nara, Paimon is Paimon, and Aranara is Aranara.
:'''Arakunti:''' Ah, Arakunti sees. Paimon also wants to turn into a seed and be buried in the soil?
:'''Paimon:''' No! Not at all!
:'''Arakunti:''' Does the Golden Nara want to become a seed?
:{{DIcon}} No, thanks.
::'''Arakunti:''' Too bad. Seeds are nice.
:{{DIcon}} If it's possible. Sure.
::'''Paimon:''' Don't talk nonsense, he'll think it's for real!
:'''Paimon:''' We've almost forgotten what we came here for. It's for [[Festival Utsava]]!
:'''Paimon:''' We need to heal the Varuna Contraption for Festival Utsava so that the weather will return to normal and there will be no more of those nasty spores.
:'''Arakunti:''' Paimon is right. It's for the sake of Festival Utsava, and for the sake of the center of the blue earth.
:'''Arakunti:''' A humid Grove of Dreams is good, but the "spores" are bad. The mushrooms that can run are bad too. There is also too much rain, so the mushrooms have become difficult to cook.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, see? You can be clear after all!
:'''Arakunti:''' We are going to heal the Varuna Contraption. Come with Arakunti, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.

;(Approach the "branch")
:'''Arakunti:''' The roots of a big tree. Excellent. A wet breathing can be heard, a drowsy tune.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... Paimon still can't understand what you're saying, Arakunti, but whatever!
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Paimon didn't think this place would be so large on the inside. Guess this is what they mean when they say "more than meets the eye," huh? Also, is it just Paimon, or does this place feel very different from other places?
:'''Paimon:''' Are we going to look for the "leaves" that feed energy to the Varuna Contraption in a place like this...?
:'''Arakunti:''' It's here, but it's not here. One can hear its voice, smell its breath, see its veins... But Paimon can't find it.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What was that about...
:{{DIcon}} If Paimon can't find it, then what about me?
:'''Arakunti:''' The Golden Nara can see the melody, like the cool breeze of night, the sudden fall of a raindrop, the thousand dream-fragments of a lake's broken surface.
:{{DIcon}} Well, that sure sounds impressive.
:'''Paimon:''' As expected of (Traveler)!
:{{DIcon}} Hehe.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe... Wait! You're stealing Paimon's line, (Traveler)!
:'''Arakunti:''' Nara (Traveler) turning into Paimon... is even scarier than dancing with mushrooms within Marana...
:{{DIcon}} Can't imagine that...
:'''Paimon:''' That's why this kind of thing won't happen! Best that it never does...
:'''Paimon:''' And Arakunti, can't you be more clear? Where in the world are we going to find the "leaves" of the Varuna Contraption?
:'''Arakunti:''' In dreams.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... Then why didn't you say so in the first place!?
:'''Arakunti:''' Because you didn't ask "where" in the first place.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... Paimon thinks that the Aranara way of communicating has hit her all of a sudden!
:'''Paimon:''' Arakunti, can you tell us where each of the three "leaves" we're looking for is located?
:'''Arakunti:''' Yes.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, so you really only answer questions that are asked directly, huh... Okay, so where are these three locations?
:'''Arakunti:''' Over here, over there, and on the other side.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh-huh... Wait, you're not describing anything!
:{{DIcon}} Aaaand Paimon is defeated.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon's defeat is your defeat! They're the same thing! Arakunti's words can't be counted on... So how are we supposed to find those three locations?
:'''Arakunti:''' The Varuna Contraption was made by the most remarkable Aranara, so the links between the "branch" and the "leaves" are invisible yet visible.
:'''Arakunti:''' Nara (Traveler) can see Aranara, and if you can see the traces of Aranara, you can find your way.
:'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon can't believe she understood that!
:{{DIcon}} We'll find it if we follow the trails of Aranara, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, come on, at least give Paimon the chance to answer this time, would you?

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Arapandu did say that there was a "Dream Entrance" here.
:'''Paimon:''' Didn't we learn some Aranara music before? We just need to play that music and we should be able to enter the dream!

;(Talk to Arakunti again)
:'''Arakunti:''' Humid dream, dry dream... Ding dong, tick tock, rustle... It's Vana's tune...
:'''Arakunti:''' Nara (Traveler)? The "leaves" are in the dream, and the "branch" is here...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Aranara seem to have hidden the "leaves" in the dream...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After aligning the three "leaves")
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, this should do it!
:'''Paimon:''' But Arakunti isn't in the dream. Let's exit the dream and go look for him, shall we?
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The links between the "branch" and the "leaves" have been restored. Go meet up with Arakunti.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Arakunti)
:'''Paimon:''' We're back!
:'''Arakunti:''' Arakunti heard you. The whimpers have turned into a gentle tune, but to merge it into the great flow of sound, we still need...
:'''Paimon:''' We still need your help, Arakunti! Hehe, Paimon'll be counting on you!
:'''Arakunti:''' Arakunti knows.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Then there shouldn't be any problems now, right? Paimon hopes we can heal the Varuna Contraption soon, or Apam Woods will be full of spores... Just thinking about it makes Paimon... Achoo!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe that you Aranara have no reaction to spores... How are you not affected at all?
:'''Arakunti:''' Aranara are not unaffected. Aranara just cook mushrooms. But spores are too small and too many to catch.
:'''Arakunti:''' When the Varuna Contraption wasn't broken, Vana didn't have so many mushrooms, so healing the Varuna Contraption could make everything better. Except Marana.
:{{DIcon}} Things will surely get better.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we'll help too!
:{{DIcon}} We will find a way to deal with Marana too.
:'''Arakunti:''' Is Nara (Traveler) [[Nara Varuna]]?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why are you asking that all of a sudden?
:'''Arakunti:''' Arapandu said that Nara Varuna was a golden, brave Nara. Together with Aranara, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} healed the Varuna Contraption, drove away the black rain and mud, and brought back the sun and moon.
:'''Arakunti:''' Nara (Traveler) has also helped Aranara to heal the Varuna Contraption, and you're a golden and brave Nara, right?
:'''Paimon:''' But isn't Nara Varuna someone from a long time ago...?
:'''Arakunti:''' Did Nara Varuna not return to Vana? Is Nara (Traveler) a completely different Nara?
:'''Arakunti:''' Can different Nara have similar melodies?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps.
:{{DIcon}} I don't know...
:'''Arakunti:''' Arakunti has not met Nara Varuna, but Arapandu has talked a lot about {{MC|m=her|f=him}}.
:'''Arakunti:''' {{MC|m=Her|f=His}} melody must be the same as Nara (Traveler)'s. Listening to it will surely bring happiness.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon's always happy when she's with (Traveler)! If (Traveler) leaves Paimon one day, like Nara Varuna left the forest...
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Arakunti:''' Arapandu must be waiting for us at the "rest stop." Return with Arakunti, Nara (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Paimon:''' Right, let's head back!
::'''You follow Arakunti back to the "rest stop"...'''
:;(Teleport to the "rest stop")
:{{DIcon}} But I have something else to do.
::'''Arakunti:''' It's okay, Arakunti can go back alone.
;(Quest ends)
----
;(Talk to Arakunti or Arapandu at the rest stop, if [[Irate Iron Chunk]] and [[Memory of Stone]] have not been completed yet)
:'''Arakunti:''' The Grove of Dreams... A quiet melody, the sound of the water, the sound of birds flapping their wings, the sound of stepping onto a branch...
:'''Arakunti:''' Talking to Nara and Paimon... Paimon is fun. Sadly, Paimon doesn't want to become a seed.
:'''Arapandu:''' That's because Paimon isn't an Aranara.
:'''Arapandu:''' The Grove of Dreams is fine now. Arabalika is in the Ruins of Dahri, but Arapandu's not worried. However, there's lots of Fungi at the Yasna Monument. Arapandu's worried about Aranakula...

;(Talk to Arakunti, Arapandu, or Aranakula at the rest stop, if only [[Irate Iron Chunk]] has not been completed yet){{Verify}}
:'''Arapandu:''' Arabalika should be back from the Ruins of Dahri soon. With Arabalika's Ararakalari, the Iron Chunks and Fungi won't be scary anymore.
:'''Aranakula:''' If Aranakula was half as strong as Arabalika, Aranakula could protect the nurseries.
:'''Arakunti:''' Aranakula doesn't even have half of half of Arabalika's strength.
:'''Aranakula:''' *sob*...
:'''Arapandu:''' Aranakula can be braver, like the Golden Nara. Aranakula just needs time...

;(Talk to Arakunti, Arapandu, or Arabalika at the rest stop, if only [[Memory of Stone]] has not been completed yet)
:'''Arapandu:''' Aranakula is at the Yasna Monument. There's so many bad mushrooms there, Arapandu's worried... Arabalika...
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika won't go.
:'''Arakunti:''' Aranakula knows how to hide. The bad mushrooms definitely won't find him. Why is Arapandu worried?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Slumbering Roots
|zhs     = 沉睡的根系
|zhs_rm  = Chénshuì de Gēnxì
|zht     = 沉睡的根系
|zht_rm  = Chénshuì de Gēnxì
|zh_tl   = Slumbering Root System
|ja      = 眠れる根系
|ja_rm   = Nemureru Konkei
|ja_tl   = Slumbering Root System
|ko      = 깊게 잠든 뿌리
|ko_tl   = Deep Sleeping Roots
|es      = Las raíces aletargadas
|es_tl   = The Dormant Roots
|fr      = Racines endormies
|fr_tl   = Asleep Roots
|ru      = Спящие корни
|ru_tl   = Slumbering Roots
|th      = ระบบรากที่หลับใหล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bộ Rễ Ngủ Say
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die schlafenden Wurzeln
|de_tl   = The Slumbering Roots
|id      = Akar yang Terlelap
|id_tl   = Slumbering Root
|pt      = Raízes Adormecidas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uyuyan Kökler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Radici dormienti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Las raíces aletargadas]]