{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|description   = Help [[Thoma]] advertise his housekeeping course at the [[Yashiro Commission]] to attract even more people to come.
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|characters    = Furuta; Hirano; Hirotatsu; Masanobu; Thoma; Toda; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Small-Scale Changes''' is a quest in [[Thoma]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[A Housekeeper's Daily Chores]].

==Steps==
# Advertise the housekeeping course to [[Hirano]]
# Advertise the housekeeping course to [[Furuta]]
# Complete the housekeeping tasks within the time limit
#* Housekeeping Challenging: Plant-Watering (0/3)
#* Remove the 6 weeds nearby, draw water with the bucket, and water the 3 plants within 60 seconds
#* Thoma will join the team as a trial character
# Make final preparations at the [[Yashiro Commission]]
# Wait until the following day (08:00 - 24:00)
# Go to the Yashiro Commission to take part in the housekeeping course

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 8
|character_name          = Thoma
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Favonius Lance
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 22,667
|atk8                    = 1,824
|def8                    = 879
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 164.3%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Notes==
* Completing the housekeeping challenge grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement "[[Housekeeper Extraordinaire]]."

==Dialogue==
===Small-Scale Changes===
{{StubDialogue}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hirano)
:'''''You tell Hirano about the housekeeping class...'''''

:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 hirano 01.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Housekeeping, you say...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 hirano 02.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' You know, since it's Thoma teaching, I'd definitely be up for going.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 hirano 03.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Unfortunately, I have quite a lot going on over the next couple of days... but could I swing by once my schedule's freed up? I'd definitely like to give it a try.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' No problem at all. You can join whenever you like.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 hirano 04.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Thanks, Thoma!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 hirano 05.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Also, this isn't really my place, but if you're starting a housekeeping class &mdash; haven't you thought about asking Furuta?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 hirano 06.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' As the [[Kamisato Clan]]'s butler, I'm sure she'd know a lot about housekeeping.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like someone we should speak to.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sure, let's go pay her a visit.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's hope this goes smoothly...
----
;(Talk to Furuta)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 furuta 01.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Ah, Thoma and a guest. This is a rare combination.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 furuta 02.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Has something happened?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Not at all! We were just... thinking of starting a housekeeping class.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 furuta 03.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' A housekeeping class? How wonderful. Do you know, I've always wanted to have Koharu learn from you. Finally, the time has come.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 furuta 04.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' I'm guessing you intend to open the class up to the whole Yashiro Commission? Not just housekeeping staff and servants, right?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 furuta 05.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' In which case, why don't you do a big spring-clean of the Commission itself? It would be a great way to showcase your methods.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 furuta 06.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Seeing is believing, after all. You could spend a long time trying to convince them with words alone &mdash; or you could let them see you in action with their own eyes.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a good idea, actually...
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure this is a good idea?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I like Furuta's suggestion, and it's not like we have a better idea anyway.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' In which case, heck, why not &mdash; let's showcase the appeal of housekeeping for all in the Yashiro Commission to see!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911501 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's get started, (Traveler)!

:'''''The big cleanup attracts onlookers from the Yashiro Commission'''''

----
;(If you fail the challenge)
:'''''That won't do, let's try that again.'''''
:;(Proceed to previous step)

;(After clearing 3 bushes)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ...And the flowers will really flourish now that the weeds are gone.

;(After clearing all bushes)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' While we're here, though, we should water the trees.
----
;(After completing the challenge)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911505 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Whew... the whole Yashiro Commission looks as good as new.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911505 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' We had a lot of spectators, huh. I wonder if we managed to get any of them interested.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911505 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Either way, thanks for your help, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911505 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I usually handle all of this stuff on my own. Having you join me today was a pretty great experience.
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing.
:{{DIcon}} Fingers crossed your class goes well.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911505 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Here's hoping! I'll set out some tables and chairs tonight. I've got no idea how many people will show up tomorrow.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911505 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Make sure you get some good rest tonight. I'll see you tomorrow!
----
;(Go to the Yashiro Commission to take part in the housekeeping course)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Welcome, (Traveler)!
:{{DIcon}} Not many people have showed up...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, don't be too upset. This is normal.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' With things like this, you can't expect to change people's views overnight. It takes time and effort.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well then, looks like I'm all yours for this class. I mentioned earlier about sewing up your clothes for you, didn't I?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I also want to take this opportunity to teach you how to knit a sweater. That way, you'll be able to make yourself some warm clothes before the winter comes.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't manage to get you the respect you deserved...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, the fact that you're so ready to look out for me has already made me very happy.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But really, it doesn't bother me at all. Once in a while, someone takes issue with my background, interests, or the nature of my work, and that's okay. You can't expect everyone in life to see things the way you do.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' People are always going to talk. It's in their nature, and you can't do much to stop them. I don't mind what they say about me &mdash; what I care about is the wellbeing of the Kamisato Clan.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But that's enough about all that. Come on, grab your needle and let's get knitting.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's start with a classic stockinette stitch. First, wrap the yarn around, pull it through here, then hang it on the needle...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Put your thumb on the yarn here, index finger here, and pull it tight.
:{{DIcon}} Like this?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You learn pretty quick! But you need to pay close attention to this...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Exactly, just like that. Now, set yourself a small goal to start with, for example, knit a scarf by the time winter arrives.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Scarves are always a great choice. When it's finished, you can either wear it yourself, or gift it to a friend!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Just imagining it warms my heart.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Alone Time===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Alone Time
|character       = Thoma
|act             = 1
|description     = Knitting a sweater is harder than one might imagine.
}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
* {{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 01.ogg|1}} '''Thoma:''' Well, that's all the leaves swept away. The courtyard sure looks a lot cleaner now...
* {{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 thoma 04.ogg|1}} '''Thoma:''' If we water them regularly to soften the soil, one day their branches might reach into the clouds.

==Idle Quotes==
* {{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} "Hmph, he should get a real job..." ([[Hirotatsu]])
* {{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 koharu 01.ogg}} "What's this all about?" ([[Koharu]])
* {{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 takashi 01.ogg}} "Nice, pretty slick actually..." ([[Takashi (Unforeseen Circumstances)]])
* {{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 toda 01.ogg}} "Thoma is as enthusiastic as ever..." ([[Toda]])
* {{A|vo tmcop001 1911502 masanobu 01.ogg}} "Thoma's a real capable guy." ([[Masanobu]])

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Small-Scale Changes
|zhs     = 小范围的改变
|zhs_rm  = Xiǎo Fànwéi de Gǎibiàn
|zht     = 小範圍的改變
|zht_rm  = Xiǎo Fànwéi de Gǎibiàn
|zh_tl   = Small-Scale Changes
|ja      = 小規模な変更
|ja_rm   = Shoukibona Henkou
|ja_tl   = Small-Scale Changes
|ko      = 작은 변화
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Pequeños ajustes
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Des changements à petite échelle
|fr_tl   = Small-Scale Changes
|ru      = Мелкие изменения
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การเปลี่ยนแปลงเล็กน้อย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự Thay Đổi Nhỏ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kleinräumige Änderungen
|de_tl   = Small-Scale Changes
|id      = Perubahan Skala Kecil
|id_tl   = Small-Scale Change
|pt      = Pequenas Mudanças
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}