{{Item Infobox
|id           = 100835
|image        = Item Smaragdus Jadeite.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A stone known as Smaragdus Jadeite. What will [[Madame Ping]] use it for?
|source1      = [[A Teapot to Call Home: Part I]]
}}
'''Smaragdus Jadeite''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part I}}. [[Madame Ping]] uses the Smaragdus Jadeite to create the [[Serenitea Pot]] for the player.

==Lore==
It is an item abundant with elemental energy, coming from Stonemarrow in the mountains. If a person without a [[Vision]] is in prolonged contact with it, they will fall seriously ill and suffer from hallucinations. [[Tang Wuchou]] is one of the victim of this side-effect after unknowingly buying a Jade Pendant that is made from Smaragdus Jadeite.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Cliff-Side Hero's Past}}</ref>

Smaragdus Jadeite is different from [[Smaragdus Nephrite Fragment|Smaragdus Nephrite]], a less rare and valuable substance often said to be the outer surface of the ore. Unlike the jadeite core, the nephrite does not contain traces of elemental energy.

[[Krosl]] spent a lot to get his hand on a small amount of Smaragdus Jadeite, hoping to turn it into a jewelry. But after carrying it around for a few days, he started to feel extreme discomfort and constant state of agitation. After realizing its effects, he instead used Smaragdus Nephrite to craft some hairpins, which he lent to [[Zhiqiao]] but he claimed that it is made from Smaragdus Jadeite due to the pressure of his business partners.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part I}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Smaragdus Jadeite
|zhs     = 翠珏岩
|zhs_rm  = Cuìjué Yán
|zht     = 翠玨岩
|zht_rm  = Cuìjué Yán
|zh_tl   = Jadeite Conjoined-Jade Rock
|ja      = 翠珏石
|ja_rm   = Suikakuseki
|ja_tl   = Kingfisher-green Conjoined-Jade Stone
|ko      = 취각암
|ko_rm   = Chwigak'am
|ko_tl   = Jadeite Conjoined-Jade Rock
|es      = Jadeíta smaragdus
|es_tl   = Smaragdus Jadeite
|fr      = Jadéite smaragdus
|fr_tl   = Smaragdus Jadeite
|ru      = Изумрудный нефрит
|ru_tl   = Emerald Nephrite
|th      = Smaragdus Jadeite
|vi      = Thúy Ngọc Nham
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Smaragdjade
|de_tl   = Emerald Jade
|id      = Smaragdus Jadeite
|pt      = Jadeíta Smaragdus
|pt_tl   = Smaragdus Jadeite
|tr      = Smaragdit Yeşimi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Giadeite di Smaragdus
|it_tl   = Smaragdus Jadeite
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Jadeíta smaragdus]]
[[ja:翠珏石]]
[[pt-br:Jadeíta Smaragdus]]
[[ru:Изумрудный нефрит]]
[[vi:Thúy Ngọc Nham]]