{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71705; 71706; 71707
|image         = Smiley Yanxiao Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|characters    = Smiley Yanxiao; Traveler
|rep           = Liyue
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''''Smiley's Selections''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Step==
# Give two [[Ham]]s/[[Sausage]]s/servings of [[Bacon]] to [[Smiley Yanxiao]]

==Request Details==
===Ham Request===
Help Needed:<br />
The innkeeper said that the dishes at our inn lack variety, and asked me to come up some new ones<!-- [sic] punctuation is missing in game --><br />
Hams are an ingredient that I'm most familiar with, so I'd like to use it to make something new.<br />
But I'm worried that the ham I have on hand won't be enough to make a new dish, so if you're willing, bring me {{Color|buzzword|two Hams}}. You'll be well paid.

===Sausage Request===
Help Needed:<br />
A regular has come to the inn, and they've ordered a dish with sausages in it. But I just so happened to forget to purchase sausages in my last shopping run...<br />
If anyone wants to lend a hand, bring me {{Color|buzzword|two sausages}}. I'll make sure that you're compensated fairly.

===Bacon Request===
Help Needed:<br />
I'm honestly in awe of that freeloader. He just eats whatever I give him! If I just cook vegetables for seven days, he just eats it all without another word.<br />
You know what? Forget it. I'll consider this an act of charity, and make him something good for once. I've heard from some guests about something called bacon. Apparently, it tastes pretty good...<br />
If anyone's willing to lend me a hand, bring me {{Color|buzzword|two servings of bacon}}.

==Dialogues==
{{Quest Description|[[Wangshu Inn]]'s [[Smiley Yanxiao]] needs two [[Ham]]s/[[Sausage]]s/strips of [[Bacon]].}}
===Ham Request===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Huh? What are you doing just sauntering on into the kitchen?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Ham...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Huh? Ah yes, you must mean the commission I posted. So, have you prepared the two pieces of Ham?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, the Ham's ready!
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Yes, this Ham is just what I needed.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Here's your payment, as promised.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Well get to it then. Be sure to bring me the Ham as soon as you've got it, I've got some new dish ideas to try.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Sausage Request===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Huh? What are you doing just sauntering on into the kitchen?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Sausage...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Yes, I've just posted a commission for some. Have you already prepared two Sausages?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, here they are.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Hmm, these aren't half bad... and should be just enough for what I'm making.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Here's your payment, as promised.
:{{DIcon}} No, not yet.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Well, time's ticking and I've got food to prepare. Bring them to me as soon as they're ready, I've got customers waiting.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Bacon Request===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Huh? What are you doing just sauntering on into the kitchen?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Bacon...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Yes, that's my commission. Have you already prepared two strips of Bacon?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, here they are.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Alright, this Bacon should be enough. The cheapskate won't be able to eat much anyway...
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Oh, before I forget... Here's your payment.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Let me know as soon as you've got the Bacon ready. That cheapskate is waiting for me to deliver him some food.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Smiley's Selections
|zhs     = 言笑的食材需求
|zhs_rm  = Yánxiào de Shícái Xūqiú
|zht     = 言笑的食材需求
|zht_rm  = Yánxiào de Shícái Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Yanxiao's Ingredient Needs
|ja      = 言笑の食材のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Genshou no Shokudai no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = Yanxiao's Request for Ingredients
|ko      = 언소의 식자재 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Eonso-ui Sikjajae Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Smiley's Food Ingredients Request
|es      = Ingredientes para el Sonriente Yanxiao
|es_tl   = Ingredients for the Smiling Yanxiao
|fr      = L'ingrédient de Yanxiao
|fr_tl   = The Ingredient of Yanxiao
|ru      = Продукты для улыбчивого Янь Сяо
|ru_tl   = Products for Smiling Yanxiao
|th      = การสรรหาวัตถุดิบของ Yanxiao
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguyên liệu thực phẩm Yanxiao cần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Yanxiaos Bitte um Zutaten
|de_tl   = Yanxiao's Request for Ingredients
|id      = Pilihan Smiley
|id_tl   = Smiley's Selection
|pt      = Pedido de Ingredientes do Yanxiao Sorridente
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Güleç'ten Seçmeler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Gli ingredienti di Yanxiao
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}