{{RegionTabs}}
{{See also|Timeline}}
A timeline of historical events in the [[Snezhnaya]] region.
<!--{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|TimelineNote}}-->

==Archon War==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Archon War}}
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|archonwarstart}}</noinclude>
* '''>2000''' ― The [[Belyi Tsar]] becomes the first [[Cryo Archon]] of Snezhnaya.<ref name="Song of the Welkin Moon"/>

==Post-Archon War==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Post-Archon War}}
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|archonwarend}}</noinclude>
*  '''>500 years ago''' ― The first [[Torchforger]] is elevated to the gentry by the [[Winter Tsar]].<ref name="Dyed Tassel"/>

==Cataclysm==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Cataclysm}}
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|cataclysmstart}}</noinclude>
* Snezhnaya is attacked by the [[The Wild Hunt]].<ref name="Lightkeeper's Pledge"/>
* The [[Tsaritsa]] ascends as the new Cryo Archon.<ref name="Lightkeeper's Pledge"/>
* [[Nod-Krai]] is established as an autonomous area of Snezhnaya.<ref name="Lightkeeper's Pledge"/>

==Post-Cataclysm==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Post-Cataclysm}}
''500–100 years ago''</noinclude>

* '''<500 years ago''' ― For reasons yet unclear, the [[Tsaritsa]] cuts all ties with [[Barbatos]].<ref name="Ending Note"/>
* '''? years ago''' ― [[Pierro]] meets with the Tsaritsa and supports her goals. They form the [[Fatui]], and he becomes its first member and subsequently leads the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]] as its Director.<ref name="lazzo video description">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo] (Video Description)</ref>

== Recent Past==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Recent Past}}
''100 years ago''
''Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.''</noinclude>

* '''? years ago, [[The Song Burning in the Embers]]''' ― [[Crucabena]], the director of the [[House of the Hearth]] and a [[Harbinger]], would fall in a duel at the hands of an orphan named [[Peruere]]. Peruere's sentence would eventually be commuted by the Tsaritsa, and she would join the ranks of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers as Arlecchino.
* '''8–4 years ago''' ― ''The following events presumably occur sometime between 8–4 years ago. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.''
** After running away from home in a fit of boredom, a 14-year-old Ajax (later known as [[Tartaglia]] or Childe) falls into the Abyss, where he meets a swordswoman called [[Skirk]].<ref name="Tartaglia About Skirk"/> She teaches him how to navigate through the Abyss, trains him to fight, and hones his ability to cause chaos around him. After spending three months there, he returns to Teyvat, where only three days had passed since his disappearance.<ref name="Tartaglia 4"/>
*** The newfound havoc Ajax left in his wake led his father to hand him over to the Fatui, where his uncanny prowess in battle caught the attention of [[Pulcinella]], the 5th Harbinger. Ajax was officially inducted into the Fatui and worked his way up,<ref name="Tartaglia 5"/> until he became the youngest-ever Harbinger to join their ranks.<ref name="Tartaglia Details"/><ref name="Tartaglia 1"/>
* '''[[A Winter Night's Lazzo]]''' ― A funeral service is held for [[La Signora]], who was killed by [[The Shogun]]. Barring [[Scaramouche]] (who had failed to report back with the {{Electro}} [[Gnosis]] after acquiring it), the remaining Harbingers attend her funeral.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1|refs=<!--
--><ref group="Note" name="Archon War start">Occurred at some point before the destruction of [[Guili Assembly]] 3700 years.</ref><!--
-->}}
===Editors' Assumptions===
{{Reflist|group=Assumption}} 
<!-- uncomment when there are notes
===Lore Discrepancies===
{{Reflist|group=Lore Discrepancy}}
===Translation Notes===
{{Reflist|group=Translation Note}}
-->

==References==
{{Reflist|2|refs=<!--
Mainpage refs
--><ref name="BAF1">{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1|Ballad Selection Excerpt}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Bit of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Chunk of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Chunk of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Cleansing Light">{{Quest|Cleansing Light}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Divine Body from Guyun">{{Ref/Item|Divine Body from Guyun}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Equilibrium">{{Ref/Quest|Equilibrium}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Official Site">Genshin Impact Official Site: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/map Teyvat]<br>''However, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...''</ref><!--
--><ref name="Promise of a People's Dream">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/hQ5GEOlwLUQ Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream]</ref><!--
--><ref name="That Which Rises From the Sea">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|That Which Rises From the Sea}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TLTF">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 1)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Snowy">{{Ref/Quest|The Snowy Past}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Zhongli 5">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5}}</ref><!--

Snezhnaya refs
--><ref name="Ending Note">{{Ref/Quest|Ending Note}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Dyed Tassel">{{Ref/Arti|Dyed Tassel}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Lightkeeper's Pledge">{{Ref/Arti|Lightkeeper's Pledge}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Song of the Welkin Moon">[[Song of the Welkin Moon]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tartaglia About Skirk">{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Skirk}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tartaglia 4">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|4}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tartaglia 5">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tartaglia Details">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|Character Details}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Tartaglia 1">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|1}}</ref><!--
-->}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[fr:Snezhnaya/Histoire]]
[[ja:スネージナヤ/歴史]]
[[pt-br:Snezhnaya/História]]