{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Murdered, likely by [[Zandik]]
|region           = Sumeru

|affiliation      = Amurta
|title            = Dastur
}}
'''Sohreh''' was a historical figure in [[Sumeru]] who was a Dastur in [[Sumeru Akademiya]]'s [[Amurta]] Darshan before her untimely demise during the Akademiya's field research of [[Ardravi Valley]] over 400 years ago.<ref group="Note">Dottore, formerly known as Zandik, was involved in the [[Tatarasuna Mystery]] incident which occurred approximately 400 years ago. This makes events that Zandik was involved in occur before that time mark.</ref>

Sohreh is mentioned in, and writes one of, a few open world interactables spread across [[Dharma Forest]], organized under the unofficial name [[Zandik's Legacy]].

==Story==
Sometime within 500 years before the start of the game,<ref group="Note">The Ruin Golem was already located in Devantaka Mountain by the time the Akademiya Investigation Team surveyed the jungle. Because the Ruin Golems and the [[Schwanenritter]] who piloted them fought against the "dark creatures" that invaded Teyvat during the cataclysm 500 years ago, this sets the investigation sometime after that.</ref> Sohreh was a member of the Akademiya's field research team to Ardravi Valley, where she was partnered with [[Zandik]] during their exploration of the jungle. Due to the different research methodologies employed by her respective Darshans and Zandik's own "rigid" thinking style, Sohreh found it difficult to find any common ground with her partner. During the investigation, Sohreh discovered a new species of micro-scarab, which she decided to name "Nahidad Scarabs," defining the word ''Nahidad'' as "The Dendro Archon's Boon."<ref name="Sohreh's Note">Interactable: [[Zandik's Legacy#Sohreh's Note|Sohreh's Note]]</ref>

Zandik, meanwhile, had managed to get inside the [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)|Ruin Golem]] and marveled at the opportunity to closely inspect [[Khaenri'ah]]n technology. Unbeknownst to Sohreh, Zandik determined that this secret must be kept at all costs &mdash; including his own teammates.<ref>Interactable: [[Zandik's Legacy#Zandik's Note|Zandik's Note]]</ref> Sohreh and Zandik later managed to strike up a lengthy discussion on the evolutionary models of local plants and animals, and decided to go out on a picnic that night.<ref name="Sohreh's Note" />

The next mention of the two is in a [[Zandik's Legacy#Ragged Attendance Record|Ragged Attendance Record]] left behind near the [[Cryptic Message in Sumeru|Damaged Ruin Guard]] on the mountain south of [[Vimara Village]]. According to the record, Zandik had acted without authorization for the "third time." Meanwhile, Sohreh is stated to have been severely injured by [[Rishboland Tiger]]s and in need of first aid. Sohreh died of her injuries and was buried in an undisclosed location.<ref>Interactable: [[Zandik's Legacy#Sumeru Investigation Team's Note|Sumeru Investigation Team's Note]]</ref>

Undisclosed members of Sumeru Akademiya suspected foul play was involved in Sohreh's death and exhumed her body for an autopsy. They found that despite multiple lacerations (irregular tear wounds caused by blunt trauma) and contusions (bruising caused by blunt trauma), the fatal injury was a {{sic|{{w|Hyoid bone fracture|fractured hyoid bone}}}},<ref group="Note">While a fractured hyoid bone is strongly indicative of strangulation, the injury in and of itself is not fatal, despite being implied as such in the dissection record (which later notes the ostensibly correct cause of death as "manual asphyxia"). It is a consequence of strangulation due to its location in the neck and its fragility.</ref> which was caused by manual asphyxia. The investigators were ultimately unable to determine the cause of death.<ref>Interactable: [[Zandik's Legacy#Dissection Records|Dissection Records]]</ref>

Zandik was ultimately suspected of murdering her, along with several other instances of misconduct and extreme behavior in his research on [[Eleazar]]. He disappeared at some point after that.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Akademiya Public Message Board|Zandik}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* While Sohreh's gender is never explicitly stated, her original Chinese name uses the female-exclusive phonetic character {{Zh|蕾|rm=lěi}}. A similar case can be found with [[Pursina]], whose gender is left ambiguous but also uses a female-exclusive character, while the male [[Khedive|Khedive Pursina]] uses a gender-neutral character of the same pronunciation in its place.

===Etymology===
* "Sohreh" may be derived from the feminine Persian name {{lang|{{w|Shohreh}}|fa=شهره}}, meaning "famous."

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Sohreh
|zhs     = 索赫蕾
|zhs_rm  = Suǒhèlěi
|zht     = 索赫蕾
|zht_rm  = Suǒhèlěi
|ja      = ソホレ
|ja_rm   = Sohore
|ko      = 쇼레
|es      = Sohreh
|fr      = Sohreh
|ru      = Сохре
|th      = Sohreh
|vi      = Sohreh
|de      = Sohreh
|id      = Sohreh
|pt      = Sohreh
|tr      = Sohreh
|it      = Sohreh
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}