{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Sojourner
|affiliation      = Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)
|region           = Fontaine
|region2          = Mondstadt
}}
{{Quote|The songs are spent like arrows few, to the choir the curtain calls. Shall I ever see you smile anew, when the tower in the city square falls?|The Sojourner}}
The '''sojourner''' ''(unofficial name)''<ref group="Note">"Sojourner" is derived from the Artifact Set ''Resolution of Sojourner'', which revolves around his story. In Artifact and Weapon descriptions, he is typically referred to as the "traveler," the "lyrist," or the "harpist."</ref> was a historical figure from [[Fontaine]] who lived a thousand years ago. He was a member of the [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|Wanderer's Troupe]], a group of warrior–musicians who led a failed uprising against the oppressive [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]], and was the original wielder of [[The Stringless]], before the aristocracy cut the bow's strings to keep it from playing music.<ref name="Stringless">{{Ref/Weapon|The Stringless}}</ref>

==Profile==
The sojourner came from the nation of [[Fontaine]], where he led a life of great privilege and was much beloved by the ladies of the [[Court of Fontaine]]. When he left unannounced to pursue a wandering, unburdened life and seek his destiny, the women of the Court wept at the news.<ref name="Stringless" /><ref name="Resolution">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Resolution of Sojourner}}</ref>

At some point in time, he met the [[Conductor]]. The [[Dawnlight Swordswoman]] joined them, followed by [[Kreuzlied]], a defector from the [[Lawrence Clan]]. Together, they created the Wanderer's Troupe.<ref name="Resolution" /> They journeyed throughout [[Teyvat]], including dangerous areas such as [[Mare Jivari]], before finally arriving in [[Mondstadt]].<ref name="WT">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Wanderer's Troupe}}</ref> There, the sojourner fell in love with a young woman; however, she had been chosen as the [[Ludi Harpastum]] maiden<ref name="Stringless" /> &mdash; the one who would be claimed against her will by a member of the Lawrence Clan.<ref>{{Ref/Manga|0}}</ref><ref group="Note">By the time of the Manga Prologue, the Lawrence Clan's practice of laying claim to the girl who threw the Harpastum appears to have been going on for some time. While the girl depicted in the manga is unlikely to be the same woman the sojourner fell in love with, they presumably shared the same fate.</ref> After learning about the aristocracy's tyranny, the Wanderer's Troupe attempted to storm the [[City of Mondstadt]] and overthrow them.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The Widsith|Lore}}</ref> They were repelled, however, and most of its members were either slain in battle or captured and enslaved. The sojourner himself perished during the fight, trying to cover his allies' retreat.<ref name="Stringless" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
<!--
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|hide_tl=yes
|en      = Sojourner
|zhs     = 行者
|zhs_rm  = Xíngzhě
|zht     = 行者
|zht_rm  = Xíngzhě
|zh_tl   = Walker
|ja      = 旅人
|ja_rm   = Tabibito
|ja_tl   = Traveler
|ko      = {{tt|행자|行者}}
|ko_rm   = Haengja
|ko_tl   = Walker
|es      = 
|fr      = Voyageur
|fr_tl   = Traveler
|ru      = 
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = 
|de      = 
|id      = 
|pt      = 
}}
-->
==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:琴師]]