{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Solar Relic.png
|set   = Vermillion Hereafter
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|An ancient timepiece with a mighty solid look. Its luster is produced by sand crystal.}}
'''Solar Relic''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Vermillion Hereafter]].

==Description==
It is said that Rex Lapis was still young, the sun was a chariot that raced across the earth.
When the [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|three sisters of the night sky]] were [[Great War of Vengeance|martyred in a calamity]], the [[solar chariot]] fell into a deep gorge.<br>
The mountain people, taking it for a sign, repaired the device, allowing it to shine through the darkness again.<br>
And though it was returned to its constant westward cycle, a single piece would forever remain behind.
When they moved to the city, they would grind that fragment into crystals and sell it to someone who knew its value...<br>
<br>
"Hey, hey, that's a joke, right? I mean, you can't trust these baseless folktales, can you?"<br>
"The merchants of [[Shenglu Hall]] have long left their obscurity and forgotten their past."<br>
"Glittering Sand Crystal cannot easily be made into lacquerware, after all, nor is it suited to making luxury paints."<br>
"According to the miners at [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] &mdash; and mind you don't believe this story too readily either&mdash;"<br>
"This timepiece and sand crystal came from the [[Millelith]] five hundred years ago."<br>
<br>
In the lightless abyss where light wrestled against darkness, even one with a [[Yaksha]]'s might could not hold out for long.<br>
And all the more did mere mortals need light to prevent them from getting lost in the steel curtain of devouring night.<br>
The Millelith thus collected glowing sand to light the way, and it just so happened to resemble the pale moonlight.<br>
The timepiece for its part told of the time they spent there in the abyss, and serves as proof that where they fell, others have come after to take up their duty.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Solar Relic
|zhs      = 阳辔之遗
|zhs_rm   = Yángpèi zhī Yí
|zht      = 陽轡之遺
|zht_rm   = Yángpèi zhī Yí
|zh_tl    = Relic of the Sun
|zh_note  = {{zh|s=阳辔|t=陽轡|rm=Yángpèi}} literally means "the reins of the sun" and refers to the {{w|sun chariot}}, which in turn is a reference to the sun itself.
|ja       = 陽轡の遺品
|ja_rm    = Youhi no Ihin{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Sun Bit Memento
|ja_note  = Bit in this context refers to the horse bit.
|ko       = {{tt|태양|太陽}}의 {{tt|유물|遺物}}
|ko_rm    = Taeyang-ui Yumul
|ko_tl    = Relic of Sun
|es       = Reliquia Solar
|es_tl    = Solar Relic
|fr       = Relique solaire
|fr_tl    = Solar Relic
|ru       = Солнечная реликвия
|ru_tl    = Solar Relic
|th       = Solar Relic
|vi       = {{tt|Di Vật|遺物}} Mặt Trời
|vi_tl    = Relic of the Sun
|de       = Relikt der Sonne
|de_tl    = Relic of the Sun
|id       = Solar Relic
|pt       = Relíquia do Sol
|pt_tl    = Relic of the Sun
|tr       = Güneş Yadigarı
|tr_tl    = Solar Relic
|it       = Reliquia solare
|it_tl    = Solar Relic
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Vermillion Hereafter}}

[[fr:Relique solaire]]
[[ja:陽轡の遺品]]
[[th:Solar Relic]]
[[tr:Güneş Yadigarı]]
[[vi:Di Vật Mặt Trời]]
[[zh:陽轡之遺]]