{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01022
|image         = Archon Quest C1A3 Solitary Fragrance.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = III
|act           = A New Star Approaches
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|prev          = Equilibrium
|next          = Heart of Glaze
|exp           = 675
|mora          = 27,500
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Felix;Ganyu;Paimon;Traveler;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|3|part=3}}
==Steps==
# Head to the location marked on the "paper snow"
# Investigate the Fatui's research
# Meet [[Zhongli]] at Dihua Marsh
# Search for wild [[Glaze Lily|Glaze Lilies]] with Zhongli
# Defeat the attacking monsters
#* {{enemy|Cryo Whopperflower|x=3}}
#* You acquire a [[Wild Glaze Lily]]
# Head back towards Liyue Harbor
# Ask around for news

==Achievements==
* Completing step 5 will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Lily Loves Music]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You finally ascended to the [[Jade Chamber]], where [[Ningguang]] was waiting for you. She gracefully accepted [[Paimon]]'s gift, and offered one in return. You spoke at length about many things, deities, archons... and the [[Fatui]]...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
===Investigating the marked location===
;(Engage the Fatui)
:{{A|vo lyaq202 8 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There really were Fatui at the location written down on this piece of paper!
:{{A|vo lyaq202 8 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And, uh, they look really mad at us, too!

;(Upon examining the Fatui's research)
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are so many talismans here! And some stacks of blank paper, too! Hmm, what are they for?
:{{DIcon}} It looks like they're copying the pattern on the talisman.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they're trying to reproduce a talisman.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's seen this pattern before! But where...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows! It looks just like the Sigil of Permission that [[Tartaglia|Childe]] gave you.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, but how did a relic of the [[adepti]] end up in the hands of someone like Childe? Suspicious...
:{{DIcon}} It's not just a relic...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right. [[Cloud Retainer]] said that when the [[Rex Lapis|Lord of Geo]] created the Sigil of Permission, it wasn't to be used as some ol' relic...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Talismans like that were once used in the [[Archon War]] to channel divine powers.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe the Fatui are copying the Sigil of Permission in hopes of achieving a similar effect?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Being able to channel divine power in battle... Whew, that sounds pretty dangerous.
:{{DIcon}} Seems the Fatui are definitely up to something.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe this paper is only a snippet of a much bigger plan.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And the plot thickens... We'll need to keep an eye on [[Tartaglia|Childe]], that's for sure.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, alright, that's enough sticking around here. We gotta go meet up with [[Zhongli]] soon.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The last stop on our [[Rite of Parting]] preparations tour is... [[Dihua Marsh]]!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go! Paimon hates being late!

===Finalizing the Rite of Parting===
;(Approach Zhongli)
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Right on time. I myself only arrived moments ago.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Did you enjoy your visit to the Jade Chamber?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was so biiig. And preetty. And expensive. Paimon's never seen such a fancy-schmancy place before!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed. It's second to none in all of Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Then you met with Ningguang, I trust? What did you talk about with her?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's super rich and so generous. Paimon thinks she's very friendly!
:{{DIcon}} Business people are always "friendly" when it suits their interests.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} take on Ningguang is quite different from Paimon's. {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} thinks that even the tactless Yuheng is more trustworthy than her.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, so you also met with [[Keqing]], then? What did she have to say?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She said, "The time of the adepti has long passed. If even the [[Liyue Qixing]] don't want to face that truth, then what future is there for Liyue?"
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, no respect for the divine.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed, contrary to the ever-bold Keqing, Ningguang is more of a businesswoman at heart, though they are both members of the Qixing.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Although she's friendly, there's no way of clearly discerning her true intentions.
:{{DIcon}} Ningguang is highly intelligent.
:{{DIcon}} Ningguang is highly ambitious.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes, she has only relied on herself to rise to her current position. No ordinary person could ever achieve that.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's said that she's the one behind the constant expansion of the Jade Chamber. It's the second most important thing to her. Even if she ever gave up the position of the Tianquan, she would never give up the Jade Chamber.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Jade Chamber is only second? What's the most important thing to her then?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Why, Mora, of course.
:{{DIcon}} Makes sense.
:{{DIcon}} No surprises there.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All Ningguang talked about was the Fatui this and the Fatui that... She said that after Rex Lapis was murdered, the Fatui have constantly been trying to sink their fingers into Liyue and that they aren't to be trusted.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That is how the Fatui have always been. It doesn't surprise me in the least.
:{{DIcon}} And now they are trying to reproduce the Sigil of Permission.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' No matter what they may be planning, you must be careful when dealing with the Fatui. Always be on your guard.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So is there anything we need to get for the Rite of Parting in Dihua Marsh?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes, as a matter of fact, there is. Today, we'll be gathering wild Glaze Lilies.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Glaze Lilies? But why did we come all the way out here? Doesn't the garden in [[Yujing Terrace]] have some? Even [[Qingce Village]] has Glaze Lilies...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right, Paimon remembers that [[Madame Ping]] is always tending to flowers. Maybe we could ask her!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' No, those lilies have all been gardened by people. They won't do at all.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 17.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Dihua Marsh used to be full of Glaze Lilies. It is a sort of joyful flower that listens to human song.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 18.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Before the Archon War, Dihua Marsh was all dry land and fertile soil. But the war caused landslides and the land was flooded, turning it into the marsh you see now. Nearly all the Glaze Lilies were wiped out.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 19.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Of course, there are some kinds of flowers that have been preserved and gardened by people in the city. But very few people know that Glaze Lilies may still be found in the wild.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 20.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Wild Glaze Lilies have the strongest fragrance. If we want to follow the true tradition of the Rite of Parting, we must grind up the wild lilies and place the powder in the censer of [[Everlasting Incense]].
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 21.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But I'll need your assistance in gathering these flowers.
:{{DIcon}} You mean you need me to pick them?
::{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 22a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' No. I need you to sing to them. Singing to the flowers will make them more fragrant.
:{{DIcon}} So you need me... to sing?
::{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 22b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...That's correct. Your singing will surely bring out the strongest fragrance from the flowers.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... so how good is your singing, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} I can hold a tune.
:{{DIcon}} I'm a pro, just step back and listen!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Why doesn't Paimon believe you...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 23a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyaq203 3 zhongli 23b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We'll only know once {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} starts singing.
----
;(Upon entering the area)
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's time to sing! Whenever you're ready!
:{{DIcon}} *clears throat*...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo lyaq203 4 heroine 01.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' ♪...♪♪♪♪...♪♪♪♪....♪....♪ <small>''(to the tune of [[Barbara]]'s idle song with the English, Chinese, and Korean voiceovers or the [[Soundtrack#The Wind and The Star Traveler|Genshin Impact Main Theme]] with the Japanese voiceover)''</small>
----
;(The three Cryo [[Whopperflowers]] awaken)
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What happened...!?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These flowers are jumping... They look really angry! Is it... because you sang a song from [[Mondstadt]] that they don't understand here in Liyue?
----
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those weren't Glaze Lilies! Glaze Lilies wouldn't hit people!
:{{DIcon}} Those flowers put up quite a fight...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This little monster is known as a "Whopperflower."
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm... Strange. These petals look interesting.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The Glaze Lilies used as a disguise were buried with the Whopperflower for too long. The result seems to have surprisingly potent medicinal value. Let's collect what we can of these petals.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well that's nice and all, but will those petals be useful for the Rite of Parting?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Unfortunately, no.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, that's so lame...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Excuse me...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Are you searching for Glaze Lilies?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey! It's... what's her face... Ah, Paimon can't remember...
:{{DIcon}} Greetings, [[Ganyu]].
::{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 03a.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hello, traveler. I'm surprised you still remember my name.
:{{DIcon}} Greetings, Yangu.
::{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 03b.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' "Yangu"? Wh&mdash;Who's that?
::{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Eh... You've completely forgotten my name, haven't you?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ah! That reminds me, how was your visit to the Jade Chamber?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it sure would've been better if you'd told us how to get up there!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Didn't I tell you the way!? Surely I did!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope, we found the way on our own!
:{{DIcon}} It isn't a secret, so perhaps you just assumed we knew?
:{{DIcon}} Guess it was our fault for not asking.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh, I see.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' (Uh-oh, I guess I really did forget to tell them...)
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, something seems a little off about Ganyu...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's acting different from the first time we met... Where's her serious attitude now?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ah, well, I met you at that time as an emissary of the Tianquan. But now, I am simply out on a stroll to see the flowers.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You came all the way out here to see the flowers? Why not just enjoy the gardens of the city?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yujing Terrace is where Rex Lapis parted from this world. If I strolled through those lonely gardens now, I wouldn't be able to bear it.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Whenever my duties take me near Yujing Terrace these days, I draw the windows to block my view of the gardens.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Sorry, we shouldn't have brought it up.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 13.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' No, it's quite alright. I just haven't processed my emotions yet.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 14.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' When the Archon War came to its end two thousand years ago, the first iteration of The Seven would gather in Liyue and drink with Rex Lapis. But five of those original seven had already passed before Rex Lapis &mdash; it's truly a changing of the guard.
:{{DIcon}} So that means...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 15.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes. Now that the spirit of Rex Lapis has returned to the heavens, only [[Barbatos]] of [[Mondstadt]] remains of the first Seven.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 16.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' The other five, including [[Inazuma]]'s [[Raiden Shogun]], are no longer the same friends from two thousands years ago.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 17.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Of the current Seven Archons, the youngest is Sumeru's [[Lesser Lord Kusanali|God of Dendro]]. She is merely five hundred years old, whereas Rex Lapis was more than six thousand years old at the time of his passing.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 18.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' This means that Liyue had been under Rex Lapis' rule from the moment it was first founded 3,700 years ago. The city has never had to bid farewell to its deity...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So, what do you think of this "farewell"?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 19.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Huh? This... This is a little sudden, I...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 20.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 21.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' As a mortal, I've never dared to imagine a Liyue without Rex Lapis.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 22.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But as an [[adepti|adeptus]]... I think I will eventually come to grips with reality. Since Rex Lapis has passed, the time of Liyue's contract with the gods and adepti has now reached its end.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Did you just say, "as an adeptus"?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 23.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes, I... I am a mix of human and Qilin. Adeptus blood flows through my veins. I fought for Rex Lapis and the city of Liyue during the Archon War.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 24.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' After the war ended, I signed a contract with Rex Lapis and took the position as secretary for the Qixing. I've continued those duties to this very day.
:{{DIcon}} So you're half Qilin? That explains the horns!
:{{DIcon}} So you're how old!? That explains the forgetfulness!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 25.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Well... uh, let's save that conversation for another day. You say that you are here looking for Glaze Lilies?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 26.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I also know where wild Glaze Lilies can be found. See, I've just picked one myself. Here, you may have it if you wish.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We dare not refuse it.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so did you sing a song before you picked the lily?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 27.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Indeed, I did. I know this tradition well. In fact, I sang a local Liyue ballad to it.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so you really know your stuff too! Thanks, Ganyu!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 28.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' No, it is you who I should be thanking. If not for this chance meeting, I never thought that I would be able to contribute to the upcoming farewell for our ancient lord.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 ganyu 29.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If you would excuse me, I should return to my work now. Good luck.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' And that just about does it. Our preparations for the Rite of Parting are mostly finished.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Given the ease of picking Glaze Lilies, I think this was a fitting end to our tasks, in more ways than one.
:{{DIcon}} Zhongli, you seem suited to working in agricultural development.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon can already imagine him starting a business in Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hah, I've had enough ventures in my life already.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Beginning a new undertaking is always difficult at first and requires no small amount of effort. And once business is at full steam, the stress of it all only wears away at you over time.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So you must be careful to take the time to step back and reexamine yourself. If left unchecked, the wear and tear on your heart may go well past mending.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! See, Zhongli sounds like he's already seen it all!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, I think it's about time we head back to Liyue Harbor now.

===Ask the residents for news===
;(Upon reaching the entrance to Liyue Harbor)
:{{A|vo lyaq203 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what happened? The city gate is swarming with Millelith and... the Fatui?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 6 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This atmosphere is highly abnormal. It seems as though something big has happened.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 6 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We should ask around a little, just to be safe.
;(Talk to Felix)
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 01.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Ah, you're the consultant to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor &mdash; Mr. Zhongli, I presume?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 02.ogg}} '''Felix:''' The Millelith are watching our every move now. These are desperate times, we mustn't act rashly.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Desperate times?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 03.ogg}} '''Felix:''' The adepti of Jueyun Karst are finally on the move.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Do they intend to exercise force?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 04.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Most likely. I've heard that some members of the Qixing have already gone to meet them... Well, I say "meet," but it's more like they're attempting to stall the adepti outside the city.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 05.ogg}} '''Felix:''' However, both sides were quite obstinate, and hit an impasse.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...It seems inevitable, given the current situation.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 06.ogg}} '''Felix:''' The adepti do not acknowledge the Qixing, they only acknowledge the contracts of the Geo Archon. If the two sides come to blows, Liyue Harbor will be in no position to stop them.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Surely the Liyue Qixing are not the sort to give in so easily?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 07.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Hmph. Their bone-headedness is known throughout the lands. Yet it's because of that obstinacy that mortals and adepti are now on the verge of conflict.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' And what now? How is it that the Fatui have come under fire?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 08.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Ugh... that's all Ningguang's doing...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 09.ogg}} '''Felix:''' She proclaimed that "in these tumultuous times, the Millelith must rein in the actions of the Fatui."
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 10.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Only now do they want to start keeping tabs on us? Huh! That's the Qixing for you!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 11.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Anyway, Mr. Zhongli, you're one of Childe's close associates. Please understand that your actions will reflect on us. Don't let anyone catch you off-guard.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like things are about to boil over in Liyue Harbor...
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything can we do?
:{{DIcon}} We can't just stand by and watch.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Do you intend to use your neutral identity as an intermediary between both sides? Or, will you use your sword to turn the balance?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Neither path is an easy one...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 felix 12.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Oh, by the way, Mr. Zhongli. We've heard that the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor has also been caught up in all this. They're currently squaring off with the authorities at the gates.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Things are taking a turn for the worse...
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I'm afraid I must leave now to handle things back at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. I hope that [[Hu Tao|Director Hu]] has been able to keep things under control for the moment.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Consider your next course of action carefully, (Traveler). If you're trying to prevent an explosion, it may be wisest to look for the fuse first.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Having connections with the Fatui seems to be quite the double-edged sword.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what did Zhongli mean by looking for the "fuse"?
:{{DIcon}} Childe.
:{{DIcon}} That ginger guy.
:{{DIcon}} You know, Mr. More-Money-Than-Sense.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon gets it! If there's anyone that wants to see the whole city turned upside down, it's definitely him.
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He must be waiting for the moment when no one is watching to do something really bad!
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, where could we find him now?
:{{A|vo lyaq203 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where would he go at a time like this?
:{{DIcon}} Follow me.
:{{DIcon}} There's only once place he would go.
;(Talk to Felix again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq203 felix 01.ogg}} '''Felix:''' The Liyue Qixing... to think that they'd go for us Fatui the first chance they got...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq203 felix 02.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Once the adepti send the Qixing packing, we'll just set up foreign relations with them instead!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Solitary Fragrance
|zhs     = 孤芳
|zhs_rm  = Gū Fāng
|zht     = 孤芳
|zht_rm  = Gū Fāng
|zh_tl   = Lone Fragrance
|ja      = 孤高
|ja_rm   = Kikou
|ja_tl   = Standing Apart
|ko      = 고결한 향기
|ko_rm   = Gogyeolhan Hyanggi
|ko_tl   = Noble Fragrance
|es      = La fragancia de la soledad
|es_tl   = The Fragrance of Solitude
|fr      = Parfum solitaire
|fr_tl   = Solitary Fragrance
|ru      = Исключительный аромат
|ru_tl   = Exceptional Aroma
|th      = กลิ่นของความเดียวดาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Fragrance of Solitariness
|vi      = {{tt|Cô Phương|孤芳}}
|vi_tl   = Lone Fragrance{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Duft der Einsamkeit
|de_tl   = Fragrance of the Loneliness
|id      = Keindahan yang Menyendiri
|id_tl   = Solitary Beauty
|pt      = Fragrância Solitária
|pt_tl   = Solitary Fragrance
|tr      = Kimsesizliğin Kokusu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fragranza solitaria
|it_tl   = Solitary Fragrance
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:La fragancia de la soledad]]
[[ja:孤高]]
[[pt-br:Fragrância Solitária]]
[[ru:Исключительный аромат]]