{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Solid Ice Soluble in Wine.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|summary       = A drunken Eula visits Angel's Share and orders a Foamy Reef. She also gets consoled by the Traveler after being more open about her feelings.
|requirement   = Complete [[Dandelion, Rose, and Windwheel Aster]] and [[Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
|primogems     = 30
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = 
|characters    = Eula; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Solid Ice, Soluble in Wine''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]] and enter the tavern
# Head to the counter and get ready to open for business
# Talk to [[Eula]]
# Mix Eula the specified drink
#* "A small Foamy Reef, please... Thank you."
# Give the drink to Eula

==Gameplay Notes==
* "A small Foamy Reef, please... Thank you."
** {{Ingredient|Coffee|2}}{{Ingredient|Fizzy Water|1+}} in a Small Cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Tsk, why is a Lawrence drinking here too... What bad luck..."<br />"Ahem... Better watch your mouth. She is one of the Knights, after all..."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Another familiar face has arrived at the tavern.'''

;(Talk to Eula)
:{{A|vo eqtj006 1 eula 01.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' A small Foamy Reef, please... Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Eula?
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:{{A|vo eqtj006 1 eula 02.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' I... I'm fine.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 1 paimon 01.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... There's something off about Eula. Was she already drinking before she got here?
:{{A|vo eqtj006 1 paimon 02.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' But, Foamy Reef has coffee in it. Would it upset her stomach if she has coffee after liquor?
:{{A|vo eqtj006 1 paimon 03.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' For her tummy's sake, let's water it down before serving it to her!
----
;(If the drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
----
:'''Following Paimon's instructions, you mix water into the coffee...'''
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 01.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' This tastes pretty good...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 01.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, she didn't even notice how much water we added. She must've had a lot to drink.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 02.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' One more, bartender... Huh? W&mdash;Wait, it's you guys?
:{{DIcon}} We're learning to become bartenders...
:{{DIcon}} You only just now noticed us?
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 03.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 04.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' Sorry. I just came here from The Cat's Tail. Perhaps I had a little too much to drink...
:{{DIcon}} Is something troubling you?
:{{DIcon}} I'm here if you want to talk.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 02.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. It's pretty lonely to drink by yourself. You'll feel better if you talk to us!
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 05.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 06.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' I suppose I always do drink alone.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 07.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' As long as I'm in Mondstadt, I'll never be welcome at taverns. I was actually feeling good today and wanted a drink, but they still wouldn't get off my back...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 08.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' Tell me, (Traveler), how did you manage to make so many friends?
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 09.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' People always sound so appreciative and are always smiling when they talk about you.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 10.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' But as for me, just mentioning my family name is enough to make everyone...
:{{DIcon}} Hey, don't think like that.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 03.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' You didn't choose to be born into the Lawrence clan, and we don't care about that kind of thing. The Eula we know is a great person!
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 04.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' But you don't like being straightforward. You always pretend to hold a grudge, and you try to hide your tenderness away from everyone...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 11.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' Hey, who said I was pretending.
:{{DIcon}} Others will accept you, Eula...
:{{DIcon}} There will be many people who accept you one day, Eula...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 12.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' Do you think so? Heh, it's impossible to imagine, even when I'm this drunk...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 13.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' Even after being a Knight of Favonius for all this time, people still... whatever.
:{{DIcon}} Winds always change their course.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 05.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Tone-Deaf Bard said something wise like that, too.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 06.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Just be yourself, Eula... and keep moving forward.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 07.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Sooner or later you'll change what people think about the Lawrence clan!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, just be patient.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 14.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' Okay, thank you...
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 15.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' I... ahem! I should go now.
:{{DIcon}} Would you like me to walk you back?
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 eula 16.ogg|}} '''Eula:''' No need. I want to remember what you said, and I won't be able to think about anything else until I write everything down.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 08.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Eula sure is a lot more open after a few drinks.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 09.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' But it does feel like something's missing without her signature revenge line.
:{{A|vo eqtj006 2 paimon 10.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh... When she wakes up in the morning, do you think she'll come threatening us to forget about what happened today?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, maybe.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Solid Ice, Soluble in Wine
|zhs     = 坚冰，易溶于酒
|zhs_rm  = Jiānbīng, Yìróng Yú Jiǔ
|zht     = 堅冰，易溶於酒
|zht_rm  = Jiānbīng, Yìróng Yú Jiǔ
|zh_tl   = Solid Ice, Soluble in Wine
|ja      = 堅氷、酒に溶けやすし
|ja_rm   = Kenpyou, Sake ni Tokeyasushi
|ja_tl   = Hard Ice, Melts Easily in Sake
|ko      = 얼음은 술에 쉽게 녹는다
|ko_rm   = Eoreum-eun Sul-e Swipkke Nongneunda
|ko_tl   = Ice Melts Easily in Alcohol
|es      = Hielo fundido en vino
|es_tl   = Molten Ice in Wine
|fr      = Dans le vin, la glace fond
|fr_tl   = In the Wine, Ice Melts
|ru      = Лёд растворяется в вине
|ru_tl   = Ice Dissolves in Wine
|th      = น้ำแข็งที่ละลายในไวน์ได้ง่าย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đá Cứng, Dễ Tan Trong Rượu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Festes Eis löst sich in Wein
|de_tl   = Solid Ice Dissolves in Wine
|id      = Es Padat, Larut Dalam Anggur
|id_tl   = Solid Ice, Dissolves in Wine
|pt      = Gelo Sólido, Solúvel em Vinho
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[pt-br:Gelo Sólido, Solúvel em Vinho]]
[[ru:Лёд растворяется в вине]]