{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70816
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = Retrieve [[Jack]]'s belongings from the [[Thousand Winds Temple]].
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 6,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Teyvat Fried Egg|5}}
|characters    = Jack; Traveler
}}
'''Solo Venture''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

This quest is mutually exclusive with the time-limited World Quest ''[[A Fine Opportunity?]]''

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Jack]]
# Go to the Thousand Winds Temple and look for Jack's lost items (0/2)
#* Locate [[Jack's Map]] and [[Jack's Adventurer Handbook]]
# Report back to Jack

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While investigating the movements of monsters at the [[Thousand Winds Temple]], [[Jack]] was discovered due to his recklessness and attacked. [[Jack]] somehow made it back to [[Mondstadt]], but he seems to have left something important behind at the Temple...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Jack)
:'''Jack:''' This is bad... This is really bad...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Jack:''' Oh, you're... the traveler. *sigh* You must have seen the storm that hit us, too. All of Mondstadt's a mess right now.
:'''Jack:''' [[Cyrus]] said the we need to stop monsters from taking this opportunity to attack us. So he put out commissions for adventurers to scout their movements out.
:'''Jack:''' My next commission was to observe the monsters around the Thousand Winds Temple, so I confirmed my tasking and left.
:'''Jack:''' At the Temple, I saw a large group of monsters gathering together, and I tried to get a closer look...
:'''Jack:''' But I didn't expect to be discovered almost immediately upon getting closer. If a passing adventurer hadn't come to my rescue, I wouldn't have made it.
:'''Jack:''' We left the Thousand Winds Temple for fear of being attacked by more monsters, and came back to Mondstadt.
:'''Jack:''' And that's when I realized... that I had left my Adventurer Handbook and map at the Temple.
:'''Jack:''' But there's no way I can go to get it back like this...
:'''Jack:''' Traveler, would you be willing to help me go to the Thousand Winds Temple and retrieve my map and Adventurer Handbook?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Jack:''' Thank you so much. *sigh* Honestly, it's a bit embarrassing...
:{{DIcon}} Why were you there in the first place...
::'''Jack:''' Ugh, this is a bit embarrassing... Do you know of the Adventurer Rank Rating?
::'''Jack:''' I thought that if I could show my stuff a bit more, I could get through the rating process safely.
::'''Jack:''' But I never thought that... *sigh* Please, help me get my map and Adventurer Handbook back.
::'''Jack:''' I need to be more careful in future...

----

;(Report back to Jack)
:'''Jack:''' Did you manage to find them?
:{{DIcon}} Got them right here.
:'''Jack:''' Whew, that's a relief. I've always been using this map, so I've put down a lot of markings onto it. Losing it would have been a disaster.
:'''Jack:''' And if I really lost my handbook, I don't know how I would have asked Katheryne for a new one.
:'''Jack:''' I mean, what a joke, for an adventurer to lose their handbook during an adventure...
:'''Jack:''' Thanks, I'll keep these things close from now on. Please take these as a token of my appreciation.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1     = https://youtu.be/dc196BQa11w
|caption1   = Solo Venture Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Solo Venture
|zhs     = 孤身犯险
|zhs_rm  = Gūshēn Fàn Xiǎn
|zht     = 孤身犯險
|zht_rm  = Gūshēn Fàn Xiǎn
|zh_tl   = Facing Dangers Alone
|ja      = リスクを冒す
|ja_rm   = Risuku wo Okasu
|ja_tl   = Facing the Risks
|ko      = 홀로 위험 감당
|ko_rm   = Hollo Wiheom Gamdang
|ko_tl   = Cope with Danger Alone
|es      = Solo ante el peligro
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Temple raider
|fr_tl   = Temple Raider
|fr_note = Alteration of {{w|Tomb Raider}}.
|ru      = Одиночное приключение
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ตกอยู่ในอันตรายเพียงลำพัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Lâm Nguy|臨危}}
|vi_tl   = Facing the Death
|de      = Solo-Abenteuer
|de_tl   = Solo Adventure
|id      = Risiko Sendiri
|id_tl   = Self-Risk
|pt      = Aventura Solitária
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}