{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15007
|image         = Story Quest Someone Trustworthy.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = Where the Springs Return
|actNum        = III
|act           = Journey to the Mysterious Island
|character     = Mualani
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Anchieta; Karya; Koolau; Mualani; Nuu; Paimon; Pakaa Nui; Seketo; Suya; Traveler; Viramdra; Yelafath
|startLocation = {{LL|"People of the Springs"|,}} [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Toyac Springs
|subarea       = "People of the Springs"
|prev          = The Legend of the Mysterious Island
|next          = Where the Koholasaurs Gather
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Mora*34,075;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Someone Trustworthy''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Journey to the Mysterious Island}}.

==Steps==
Start the quest by approaching [[Yelafath]] in {{LL|"People of the Springs"|.}}
# Issue [[Mualani]] an invitation
# Follow Mualani to the square
# Accompany Mualani to the [[Atlahua's Net|fishing shop]]
# Accompany Mualani to the [[Djembe Studios|instrument store]]
# Accompany Mualani to the [[Xochicuicatl Records|record store]]
# Accompany Mualani as she meets [[Nuu|her teacher]]
# Wait until the following day (08:00 &ndash; 12:00)

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It turns out that in order to reach the mysterious island, it is necessary to have a guide, one with whom mutual trust is shared...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Yelafath's shop)
;(If ''[[Into Eternal Night]]'' was not already completed when [[The Legend of the Mysterious Island|the previous quest]] was finished)
::{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all we've been through recently, it sure feels good to come back to visit the [[People of the Springs]]!
::{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while since we last got in touch with Mualani. Wonder what she's up to now...
::{{DIcon}} Why don't we just ask her to be our guide?
::{{DIcon}} She can take us on a tour of [[Natlan]].
::{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have Mualani be our guide? Ah, Paimon just remembered something... Do you remember that journey to the mysterious island that we were never able to complete?
::{{DIcon}} The one with the legend?
::{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's the one! Paimon remembers the [[Amina|chief]] of the People of the Springs told us that we must find a guide we could trust with our lives... That would make Mualani the perfect choice, wouldn't it?
::{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can invite her to be our guide and set off for the island. As qualified adventurers, we should never give up!
::{{DIcon}} You're thinking about the treasure, aren't you?
::{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we should always keep the treasure in mind, shouldn't we? C'mon, let's go find Mualani!
;(Otherwise)
:;(No dialogue, quest is obtained)

;(Approach Mualani)
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Sorry, we don't carry any black swimming floaters here.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 customer 01.ogg}} '''Customer:''' But why? Black floaters look really cool.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hmm... may I ask whether you've had some bad luck lately?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 customer 02.ogg}} '''Customer:''' Uh, well yeah, sorta... The last pair of black floaters I bought ended up getting bitten by a [[Koholasaur]]. I nearly drowned... Which is why I want to buy some new ones.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I knew it. I specifically asked an expert from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] about this once. Black floaters bring bad luck!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 customer 03.ogg}} '''Customer:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Also... have you by any chance become a mosquito magnet? Or found yourself overheating, maybe even suffering a little heatstroke?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 customer 04.ogg}} '''Customer:''' Yeah, that's exactly how I've been feeling! It's all starting to make sense now...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' In that case, I'd recommend either pink or blue swimming floaters. According to the experts, bright colors can not only lift your mood, but also bring good luck.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'll even offer you a discount if you'd like. Just see it as a way of celebrating your luck taking a turn for the better!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 customer 05.ogg}} '''Customer:''' You'd really do that? Then... I'll take one of each!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You got it!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well hello there, if it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while, Mualani!
:{{DIcon}} Good to see you again!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was all that stuff you were saying just now really true? Do pink and blue floaters really bring good luck?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Of course! I know a friend who nearly drowned once, but because she was wearing blue floaters, a group of Koholasaurs came to the rescue and brought her back to shore!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, for real?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But let's get back to why you're here. Are you looking to buy some watersports products?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' C'mon, don't be strangers now! I can give you whatever you need, you are guests here, after all. It's only natural for me to give some gifts to you.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no! We actually came here to ask you to be our guide.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well, you've come to the right person. So where do you wanna go?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We want to visit the mysterious island from the legend!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' A trip to the mysterious island? Oh...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you have any concerns, Mualani?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I assume you're already aware of how difficult the trip will be, right?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, your chief has already made that pretty clear!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But with our adventuring experience and with you as our guide, we'll definitely be able to reach the mysterious island!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Then, I'll have to explain some things to you first.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I learned all my skills as a guide from Uncle [[Nuu]], and he's the best guide in the whole tribe. But, apparently, even he has never successfully reached the island.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 17.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' With a good guide to lead the way, a journey should usually be fun and pleasant. However, going to the mysterious island is different, and I don't know if I can guarantee that.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 18.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But since it's you two asking, I definitely won't refuse.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 19.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's just my duty as a guide to explain these things before I officially agree to go on the journey.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought that this would be a piece of cake for you... But it seems like we're actually asking a lot.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon would feel really guilty to make a friend go through a bunch of trouble just for the sake of finding some treasure!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, that's not ideal...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Mualani...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 seketo 01.ogg}} '''Seketo:''' Whoa, what's the hurry?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 suya 01.ogg}} '''Suya:''' C'mon, what're you waiting for? [[Koolau]] just got back to the tribe! I heard he found another underground ruin full of treasure!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 seketo 02.ogg}} '''Seketo:''' Oh, Koolau's back!? Wait for me!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who's Koolau?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 20.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh, he's currently ranked as the number one guide in the People of the Springs. Besides the tribe's first chief, he's the only other guide who's ever made it to the mysterious island.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 21.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' He's always out and about, so we don't get to see him often. Sounds like this is quite an occasion, though. Let's go check it out!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 1 mualani 22.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Let me put up the closed sign first... Okay, come with me!

;(Approach Koolau)
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 01.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' The crystals you asked for can only be found in caverns deeper than 500 meters underground. Here, have a look for yourself.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 02.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' As for the people you asked me to take along, they almost all got lost in a cave. Out of my sense of duty as a guide, I've brought them all back.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 03.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' Next time, just save the trouble and let me go alone.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 hirer 01.ogg}} '''Commissioner:''' Indeed, well done.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 seketo 01.ogg}} '''Seketo:''' No wonder he's the best. I wouldn't dare to go more than 200 meters down into a cavern like that!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 suya 01.ogg}} '''Suya:''' I wonder how much he made this time...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, he really does sound like a super amazing guide. Do you think you could get some pointers from him, Mualani? Who knows, maybe he could save us some trouble on our trip to the mysterious island!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Koolau always treats his experience like trade secrets. He never tells anyone anything about being a guide.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But one day, I'll also be able to reach the island.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 karya 01.ogg}} '''[[Karya]]:''' That's him, right? Do you really think you'll be able to get his help?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''[[Viramdra]]:''' Allow me to do the talking.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' You must be the top guide of your tribe. I have a commission that I hope you'd be willing to consider.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, that guy sure looks familiar... Oh, aren't those two the scholars from [[Sumeru]] who were bitten by the Koholasaurs?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They also wanted to go to the mysterious island, right? Seems they've finally realized that they need a guide.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 04.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' A commission? Since you've obviously heard about my abilities, have you also happened to hear about my rates? If you're not intimidated by the price, then we can talk.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Yes, I've looked into everything I need to know. As long as the trip is a success, then the commission fees won't be a problem.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 05.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' Oh? And where is it you want to go?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 04.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' The mysterious island.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just as Paimon thought...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 05.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' But first, please don't misunderstand. I'm no tourist, I wish to visit the real place!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 seketo 02.ogg}} '''Seketo:''' You hear that? He wants to go to the island...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 suya 02.ogg}} '''Suya:''' In that case, Koolau's the only one for the job. But the journey to the island requires a lot more than just a guide, right?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 06.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' Since you want to visit the real mysterious island, then I'm sure you've also heard about the requirement for our trip, right?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 06.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Yes, I know. According to the legend, only those who are willing to entrust their lives to one another will be able to reach the island together.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 07.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I must reach that island, even if that means putting my life in someone else's hands. I have made up my mind!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 07.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' Don't waste your words on me. Way I see it, the requirement is just a way to weed out those who do not have the skills to reach the island by themselves.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 08.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Y&mdash;You...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 08.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' You say you'd put your life in somebody else's hands? Ridiculous. Even if someone were to trust me with their life, they'd just be another burden.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 09.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' Let's look at it the other way around. Why would I place my life in the hands of someone whose abilities are far below mine? That is what the legend is really hinting at here.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 10.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' Many guides in the tribe have received commissions like this, only to end up bogged down by their incompetent clients long before reaching the destination.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 11.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' How do you think I reached the mysterious island? I made it because I chose to go alone.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 viramdra 09.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Well, um... I'm different. I'm no ordinary tourist!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 12.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' That doesn't make much of a difference to me. You'll give up half way at best, which is a waste of my time, and a waste of your commission fees.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 13.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' I can tell you're just looking to explore something new. If that's the case, then you can find another guide in the tribe. For example...
:{{Color|menu|Koolau's gaze sweeps over the crowd, landing squarely on Mualani...}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 14.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' Nuu's student over there.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's up with that guy's attitude? Paimon takes back everything nice she said about him!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 15.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' I have things to do now. Goodbye.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hold on, Koolau!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 16.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' What's wrong? I'm only introducing a potential client to you because I know your teacher. In fact, I'd say it's quite the opportunity.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Never mind that for now. I don't agree with your views on the island! Uncle Nuu taught me that&mdash;
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 17.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' I know, you're just the same as him. You both obviously hope to prove yourselves, but still think that you have to follow the legend to the letter... waiting for a cumbersome client to find you before even trying to set off.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mualani...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 2 koolau 18.ogg}} '''Koolau:''' The rare ores I brought back are proof that I've been to the island. But as for Nuu? Where's his proof? Why don't you wait until he's actually found the island before you start using his views to refute me?
:{{Black Screen|After Koolau leaves, the crowd begins to disperse.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'm really sorry, I just wanted to take you to see what the excitement was all about... I wasn't planning on getting into an argument with him again.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That Koolau seemed to harbor some kind of grudge against you, Mualani. Or maybe your teacher?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I know... Quite an impressive achievement for my teacher, huh? Even the best guide in the tribe can't stop talking about him.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought you would be more upset.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Of course not! Uncle Nuu has also argued with Koolau before. I've already heard the same words several times now.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But it's hard to prove anything to him unless you've actually been to the island.
:{{DIcon}} You also really hope to reach the island, right, Mualani?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's right. It's just that I've always seen the journey as something super important and not to be taken lightly. I was really surprised when you asked me to be your guide today.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ah! After telling you about all the dangers with such a serious face, I didn't make you think that you're causing me trouble, did I?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, Paimon did think about taking our invite back.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' No, please don't do that! Actually, that is also a part of what Uncle Nuu taught me as a guide. The difficulty of the trip is the very first thing that needs to be clearly laid out to the group.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ahem... "If you want a chance of reaching the destination together, you must first reach a consensus on the amount of effort that will be required."
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I always felt that my teacher is no less skilled than Koolau, but Uncle Nuu has never been to the island, so Koolau always uses that to push us down.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' So, as Uncle Nuu's student, I've always wanted to complete the trip to prove his skills. It's a pity that I've never had the chance...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But don't you have that chance now, Mualani? If you'd agree to be our guide, we're completely willing to trust you with our lives!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' With the help of the renowned {{Traveler}} and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} trusty companion, you'll definitely be able to find the mysterious island. Then you can come back and teach that Koolau a lesson!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Aw, Paimon... C'mon, bring it in!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, you're making Paimon blush...!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alrighty then, if we're gonna go, we should start preparing right away. I've already had the plans for this trip written out for some time. Come with me!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Ahem!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's that scholar guy. Paimon almost forgot he was still here...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Scholar guy? My name is Viramdra. Please use it!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' I didn't expect to see you again, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and it's that lady, too! Hello again!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 karya 02.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Excuse me... Miss Guide. Since we've been referred to you, would it be okay for us to join your journey?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'm Mualani. Just call me by my name.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' As for whether or not you can come along, I'm sure you've already heard the requirements. We've only just met, and I'm not sure you're cut out for this trip. The path to the mysterious island is a grueling one.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 karya 03.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I admit that after coming to Natlan, I've encountered many things outside of my field of expertise. It's understandable you're worried that we'll slow you down, so how about this?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 04.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' We'll set off with you as ordinary travel companions, and I'll pay you the usual commission fees, but we won't officially be your clients.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 05.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' In other words, you needn't shoulder the responsibility of being our guide. And even if something were to happen to us, your reputation as a guide won't be tarnished as a result. How does that sound?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' If you accompany us, then you are a member of the team. I could never agree to such a careless deal... Don't tell me you think I'm the same kind of person as Koolau?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 06.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' So you still refuse my offer... *sigh*<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "So you still refuse? *sigh*"</ref>
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 07.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Fine. Karya, I'll put the [[Mora]] for the return trip in your backpack. Without a guide, the road ahead may be dangerous, so please don't follow me.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 karya 04.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Viramdra...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now he wants to go alone? Why is this guy so obsessed with that island?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Wait, please don't do this in front of a guide! I can't let a tourist go on some dangerous journey all alone. Even my sweet mom would give me a harsh scolding if I ever let you do that.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 karya 05.ogg}} '''Karya:''' I'm so sorry for the trouble, really...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 17.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't say that. Although it'd be inappropriate to bring along two strangers I just met, there is another solution.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 18.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' How about this... Let's meet up tomorrow morning at the monument near the tribe's southeastern slope. I'll see you there!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 08.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' So you've decided to accept my offer?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 19.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' No, my plan is to use some of our time together to turn you from strangers into friends... the kind we can trust with our lives!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 viramdra 09.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' ...That's your plan? Very well then.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 karya 06.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Wonderful! On behalf of both Viramdra and I, thank you so much!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pretty sure only Mualani could come up with a plan like that...
:{{DIcon}} Yep, that's Mualani for you!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 3 mualani 20.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' We need to get started on our preparations. Come with me!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Your journey to the mysterious island has officially begun, but some preparations must be made first...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Yelafath's shop)
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Heya, Lafa! I've got some business for ya!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 yelafath 01.ogg}} '''Yelafath:''' We've been over this before... the name's Yelafath.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I know, it's just that "Lafa" sounds so much cuter!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 yelafath 02.ogg}} '''Yelafath:''' Well, since you're the customer here, I guess whatever floats your boat...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I need a camping tent with all the accessories... Only the best you've got!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 yelafath 03.ogg}} '''Yelafath:''' Another commission, huh? Just so you know, a full tent according to your standards is gonna be pricey. Is your client covering the bill?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How much are we talkin'?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't worry about the costs, I'll take care of it.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, but, that's not right!
:{{DIcon}} We're the clients, after all.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ahem! Let's make this clear, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. We're not working together like this is a hired commission, are we?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, no... we're traveling as close friends who trust each other with anything!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's what I thought! Honestly, I can be a little picky when it comes to camping equipment, and I don't want my friends to be paying for me. But don't worry, it's not that expensive.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' We're ready, Lafa!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 yelafath 04.ogg}} '''Yelafath:''' Your total is 200,000 Mora.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't that still a lot for you, Mualani?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Just imagine us in the wilderness, okay? We can either sleep out in the open, tired and weary, or simply spend a week's worth of pocket money and completely solve that problem. I'd say that's a great deal!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You call that a week's worth of pocket money? Are you rich, Mualani?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 4 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's not important! We still need to buy some equipment from another store. Come with me!
;(Obtain {{Item|Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani (I)|text=Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani}})

;(Approach [[Anchieta]]'s shop)
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Afternoon, Uncle An!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 anchieta 01.ogg}} '''Anchieta:''' You call me "uncle," but I'm old enough to be your grandfather, you know.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Because you're still young, Uncle An! Hey, can you help me find something kinda rare? I can negotiate the price, what do you say?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 anchieta 02.ogg}} '''Anchieta:''' Alright, what're you looking for?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' A record player... specifically, the kind that's convenient to take camping.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 anchieta 03.ogg}} '''Anchieta:''' Ah, that model is pretty rare, indeed. I thought it'd be nice to keep it as a prized collectible in the shop...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ahem, Uncle An?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 anchieta 04.ogg}} '''Anchieta:''' *coughing* Just don't break it, okay? I'll even buy it back from ya when you're done with it!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Thanks, Uncle An!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A record player? Does that mean we need to buy some records, too?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 5 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yep! And that's our next stop!
;(Lose {{Item|Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani (I)|text=Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani}})
;(Obtain {{Item|Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani (II)|text=Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani}} with new description)

;(Approach [[Pakaa Nui]]'s shop)
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hey, Pakaa Pakaa!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 pakaanui 01.ogg}} '''Pakaa Nui:''' Mualani? Have you finally decided to release a record of your own?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You'd be the first I'd sign with if I ever did, but not today... I just want to buy a record, the one you've been keeping from customers and listening to in secret.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 pakaanui 02.ogg}} '''Pakaa Nui:''' Huh? That's a pretty rare record, you know... Besides, I haven't even finished listening to that one yet.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Maybe I can think of a way to connect you with a friend from the Masters of the Night-Wind to release a record...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 pakaanui 03.ogg}} '''Pakaa Nui:''' Whoa, then we could produce some really wild tunes! You've got a deal!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Nice! That's the record also accounted for.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do we need it for, anyway?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well, I asked a friend from the Masters of the Night-Wind for some advice once, and apparently, playing this song at night is an effective way to keep travelers safe and sound.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that really a thing? Well, if it doesn't cost much, that's a nice way to make the trip a little more pleasant...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 pakaanui 04.ogg}} '''Pakaa Nui:''' You know how it goes, Mualani. 20,000 Mora for this record &mdash; that's the best I can do.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Deal.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like Mualani really is rich!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That should be about everything we need to buy. Next is... Oh, I'm getting kinda nervous.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong, Mualani?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Next, I need to find my teacher, and get the map to the island.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Besides the legend left by the first chief, there's also a map. Well, not just a regular map, it's more like a treasure map...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's full of strange symbols, almost like it's a part of a big puzzle. Guides must draw from their experience to decipher the map's meaning and understand the route.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The chief made several copies of the map, and distributed them to the first members of the tribe. The copies were to be passed down to future generations, so usually a teacher will pass their copy to their student.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Which brings us to today... the day I officially ask Uncle Nuu for his copy of the map.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, hearing that is also making Paimon feel a little nervous! Sounds like it must be a pretty serious moment.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yes, but the thought of having you two by my side somehow makes me feel a lot better. We won't let Uncle Nuu down, right?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Let's go and find him together, hehe!
;(Lose previous {{Item|Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani (II)|text=Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani}})
;(Obtain new {{Item|Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani (III)|text=Expedition Equipment Purchased by Mualani}} with final description)
----
;(Approach Nuu)
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Afternoon, Uncle Nuu! I have a big surprise for you!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 01.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' A surprise... Then you must be here to finally pick up the map.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ah, you saw right through me as always...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 02.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' Did you forget that you had mentioned these two to me before? The ones who went to the Night Kingdom with you... In some sense, you could say that you've already trusted each other with your lives.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 03.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' It's just that... my feelings are a little complicated now.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Do you think that I'm still not ready yet, Uncle Nuu?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 04.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' No, I believe you are the best guide in your generation. It's just that... I'm not ready yet.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 05.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' After all, the journey to the mysterious island is no easy feat for any guide of the People of the Springs. I'm still a little worried...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, with our help, Mualani will definitely be able to find the mysterious island!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yeah, this time, I'll definitely be able to prove that Koolau is no better than Uncle Nuu!
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 06.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' Don't misunderstand. Since you've made up your minds, I won't try to stop you. It's just... please listen to your teacher's words once more, Mualani.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 07.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' Our mission as guides has never been to prove anything. There is only one thing we must do... guide tourists safely to their destination.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' ...I understand, Uncle Nuu.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 08.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' In that case, you may have the map. Also, take this with you.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' What is it?
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 09.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' It's a talisman. Take good care of it. You must return it to me when you get back from the mysterious island.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Was this made with [[Spinel Fruit]]? Hmm, for some reason, this doesn't look like a regular Spinel Fruit to me...
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 nuu 10.ogg}} '''Nuu:''' Right, which is precisely why it's so effective.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You really know me best, Uncle Nuu.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alright. {{Traveler}} and Paimon, tomorrow we'll set off. Make sure you get some good rest tonight.
:{{A|vo mlnlq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, Paimon can't wait for another adventure!
;(Obtain {{Item|Map Left Behind by the First Chief}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|group=Note}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Someone Trustworthy
|zhs      = 值得托付之人
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 值得託付之人
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 命を託せる人
|ja_rm    = Inochi wo Kotodzuseru Hito
|ja_tl    = A Person to Entrust Your Life
|ko       = 믿고 맡길 수 있는 사람
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Alguien digno de confianza
|es_tl    = Someone Worthy of Trust
|fr       = Quelqu'un de confiance
|fr_tl    = Someone Trustworthy
|ru       = Достойный доверия человек
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ผู้ที่ควรค่าแก่การไว้ใจ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Người Đáng Để Giao Phó
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine vertrauenswürdige Person
|de_tl    = A Trustworthy Person
|id       = Yang Bisa Dipercaya
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Alguém Confiável
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Güvenilir Biri
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Una persona affidabile
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}