{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19042
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Bennett
|actNum        = I
|act           = Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)
|description   = You agree to travel with Bennett, but you're doing somethings unrelated to adventure this time &mdash; for example... running around the city?
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Adventurous Acquaintance
|characters    = Traveler; Bennett; Marjorie; Sara; Blanche
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Something... Other Than Adventure?''' is a quest in the first branch of [[Bennett]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)|Fantastic Voyage]].

==Steps==
# Accompany Bennett to go shopping
# Go to Good Hunter
# Go to Mondstadt General Goods
# Read the Bulletin Board
# Talk to Bennett

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
===With Wind Comes Glory Order===
;(Talk to Bennett after following him to With Wind Comes Glory)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Marjorie!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 01.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh, hello, Bennett! I haven't seen you for a long time. I thought you were off adventuring in some faraway place that I've never heard of.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, no, no, it's just I got myself into a tight spot out there. Ended up getting held up for quite a while...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 02.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Ahaha... what else is new? So, what are you looking to buy this time?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, I was just checking in to see if the stuff I ordered last time was ready. Thought I'd bring my friend along.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 03.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' You mean "Herman's Custom Adventure Map"...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That's right! An adventure map drawn personally be Herman, the great adventurer. It shows loads of recommended places for adventuring, and with his comments, too!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 04.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Well, it did arrive, but unfortunately the cart tipped over in a puddle on the way here...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 05.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Most of the goods were fine, but since the adventure map was a ink drawing, it's completely ruined...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' What... oh, shoot! That's such a shame!
:{{DIcon}} You really are unlucky, Bennett...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Aw, I'd been looking forward to that for so long... I was this close to getting my hands on it...
:{{DIcon}} Poor Marjorie...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 06.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Yes, I am the one who has to bear the loss, after all...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 07.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' (*sigh* Maybe I should reconsider whether I'm happy to accept orders from Bennett in the future...)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Okay, well, do you have any Alchemist's Goggles?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I've been thinking about replacing the old goggles on my head for a long time. I heard that there's a new type of goggles made specifically for alchemists!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' When you wear them, you can see all the elements, even the slightest traces of elemental energy!
:{{DIcon}} That's quite useful.
:{{DIcon}} I feel like I can do all of that already...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 08.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh... I'm afraid these "Alchemist Goggles" you refer to are just a rumor...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 09.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' I talked to that alchemist, [[Timaeus]]... He told me there's no such thing.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ugh, are you kidding me? My hopes dashed, yet again...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well... how about some Slime Gel Gloves? They exist, right? I saw an adventurer using them once.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' No matter what the weather, they can grip onto rocks when climbing. I call them... non-slip gloves.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 10.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Those do exist...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 marjorie 11.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Unfortunately, we sold out of them just yesterday. They are quite a popular product.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think we're going to get anything here...
:{{DIcon}} Let's head somewhere else...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha... It's okay, no big deal! I'm pretty much used to coming home empty-handed when I go shopping.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Don't let it bother you. Oh &mdash; hey, how about I treat you to a meal at Good Hunter?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904201 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' We've been hanging out for a while now, you must be getting hungry, right? Let's go!

===Good Hunter's Opening Hours===
;(Talk to Bennett after following him to Good Hunter)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hi, Sara! Table for two, please!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 sara 01.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Ah... I'm so sorry, I don't think we'll be able to serve you two today.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Huh? How come? It doesn't seem really busy here.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 sara 02.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Ahh... well... how can I put this, just before you two arrived, we received an order...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 sara 03.ogg}} '''Sara:''' An entire delegation from [[Snezhnaya]] has come to stay at the [[Goth Grand Hotel]], and they asked us to provide a meal service.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 sara 04.ogg}} '''Sara:''' So, although you might not see many people here, the kitchen is in fact busier than it's every been.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 sara 05.ogg}} '''Sara:''' *sigh* They really know how to rope people into doing things for them. If only they hadn't offered to pay so much...
:{{DIcon}} Looks like we'll have to give up...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yeah, who'd have thought we'd have so much trouble just trying to get some food...
:{{DIcon}} I'll bet it's those pesky Fatui again!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh. I've actually never had any dealings with them...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But I have heard that they're arrogant and aggressive.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' In which case, there probably isn't much we can do about it...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well... how 'bout we just head to Mondstadt General Goods? We can at least get some basic adventure supplies!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904202 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' What do you think? You're in right? Hehe, let's go.

===General Goods' Special Offer===
;(Approach Mondstadt General Goods with Bennett)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904205 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Huh, that's strange... the owner, Blanche, isn't here. Hmm... That's really rare.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904205 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's go over there and see what that signs says

;(Read the sign)
:'''Mondstadt General Goods Order Board:''' Mondstadt General Goods Special Offer &mdash; 50% Off All Items!

;(Talk to Bennett)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Wow! Is this for real? A discount!?
:{{DIcon}} This store's generally not considered tight-fisted, is it?
:{{DIcon}} Don't most places have a sale every now and then?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I mean, sure, but... not when I'm around!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I've never had such good luck before!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Heh, it must be because I'm with you! Wow, lucky folk really have it different.
:{{DIcon}} That's a bit of an exaggeration...
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad I brought you luck.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, you're so nice.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Then again, any discount's a bit meaningless without Blanche being here.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Shall we wait here for a while?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' When Blanche comes back, I'm gonna buy a bunch!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' After all, this is a rare opportunity, especially for someone like me...

:'''''A while later...'''''

:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' *sigh* Blanche is taking quite a while...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It must be an emergency. I feel like she hardly ever leaves the counter.
:{{DIcon}} Let's wait a little longer...
:{{DIcon}} I have a bad feeling about this...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Really? Don't worry. If we managed to catch a sale, today's gotta be a good day!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Patience is a virtue for adventurers, too! There's no rush!

:'''''A long while later...'''''

:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Do you think that... Blanche is in some kind of trouble?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm getting a bit worried... The 50% discount is a big deal, but... compared to Blanche's safety, I mean...
:{{DIcon}} You are overthinking things...
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, it's been too long...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... It's probably just all this waiting around making my imagination run wild, I guess...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ugh... C'mon, snap out of it...

:'''''A very long while later'''''

:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} ... ...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I don't usually say this...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But... do you think it's time we gave up...?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Blanche probably won't be back today, right?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 22.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I guess I overestimated my luck, haha...
:{{DIcon}} It's just a coincidence...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 23.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That's right, I shouldn't let myself get down about it...
:{{DIcon}} I have to say, I ran out of patience long ago... (-1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 24.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm sorry, I got so obsessed with the idea of that discount that I didn't stop to consider your feelings...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 blanche 01.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Oh... are you... waiting for me?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 25.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Blanche! We've been waiting for you for ages. You're finally back!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 26.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I was getting worried about you... What happened? Did you run into some kind of trouble?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 blanche 02.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Oh... Nothing like that. I was just sorting some things out at home. Thanks for your concern, though.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 blanche 03.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' But, why are you two waiting anyway? I posted a notice saying that we'd be closed today...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 27.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Closed!?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 28.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' We didn't see a sign like that... And anyway, isn't it 50% off the whole store today? That's the whole reason we waited all this time.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 blanche 04.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Uh, let me check...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 blanche 05.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Hmm... that's weird. It looks like someone removed the closed sign. Or... maybe the wind blew it away?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 blanche 06.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' The half price notice you saw was for yesterday... Sorry about that.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 29.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh...
:{{DIcon}} Cheer up, Bennett...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 30.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Thanks... I'm fine. I should have seen this coming...
:{{DIcon}} This is so you, Bennett...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 31.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm sorry... I should have seen this coming...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 32.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So, so, sorry! I feel like I've done nothing but waste your time all day...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 33.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' No matter what I do, I really can't shake my bad luck...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 34.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' *sigh* It's getting a bit late. I don't think you can accomplish anything if you keep on hanging out with me...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 35.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So... let's part ways for now, and maybe next time it'll be different...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904203 bennett 36.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...That is, if you still wanna hang out with me next time... heh....
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Fruitless Anticipation===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Fruitless Anticipation
|character       = Bennett
|act             = 1
|description     = "Well, of course discounts weren't going to be that easy to come by..."
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Something... Other Than Adventure?
|zhs     = 冒险…以外的事？
|zhs_rm  = Màoxiǎn...Yǐwài de Shì?
|zht     = 冒險…以外的事？
|zht_rm  = Màoxiǎn...Yǐwài de Shì?
|zh_tl   = Something... Other Than Adventure?
|ja      = 冒険…以外のこと？
|ja_rm   = Bouken... Igai no Koto?
|ja_tl   = Something... Other Than Adventure?
|ko      = 모험… 이외의 일?
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¿Algo... distinto a una aventura?
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = De l'aventure... ou autre chose ?
|fr_tl   = Some Adventure... Or Another Thing?
|ru      = Что-то... кроме приключений?
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องอื่นนอกจาก... การผจญภัย?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyện Khác Ngoại Trừ...Mạo Hiểm?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Einmal kein ... Abenteuer?
|de_tl   = Once No... Adventure?
|id      = Sesuatu... Selain Petualangan?
|id_tl   = Something... Other Than Adventure?
|pt      = Algo... Diferente de uma Aventura?
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}