{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Prologue Act III.png
|type           = Archon
|chapter        = Prologue
|actNum         = III
|region         = Mondstadt
|prev           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|next           = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|ARReq          = 18
|rep            = Mondstadt
|repAmt         = 100
|repOrder       = 99
}}
'''Song of the Dragon and Freedom''' is the third act in the [[Prologue]] chapter of the [[Archon Quests]].

==Quests==
# [[Abyss Mage (Quest)|Abyss Mage]]
# [[Hurdle]]
# [[Empty Abode]]
# [[Light Guiding Ceremony]]
# [[Calm Before the Storm]]
# [[A Long Shot]]
# [[When the Wind Dies Down]]
# [[Ending Note]]

==Summary==
[[Diluc]] brings some information regarding the [[Abyss Order]] to the group, having encountered and slain one of their operatives before. [[Venti]] explains that although he is one of [[The Seven]], his long absences have led him to become the weakest of the group, hence why he needs to rely on his people's help.

Diluc informs the group that his people have tracked the mage down at the winery. After killing it, they note that it dissipated some special energy in the process. Venti realizes that this energy was what had been severing his connection to [[Dvalin]], who has since resided in some [[Stormterror's Lair|ancient ruins]]. The energy also allowed him to understand the magic powering the barrier sealing the ruins, and he can dispel it. [[Jean]] believes that they will need to kill Dvalin in order to bring peace, but Venti states that they can still achieve their original goal due to the Traveler's ability to purify the [[Teardrop Crystal]].

After arriving outside Stormterror's Lair, they are attacked by a group of [[Hilichurls]]. They manage to repel their attackers, with Jean and Venti noting that hilichurls generally avoid elemental areas. Diluc states that the Abyss Order is manipulating the hilichurls in an attempt to stall them, but it that will not be enough. Venti then dispels the barrier.

As they navigate the lair and reach the top, Venti realizes they can't get any further, as the ruins are actually part of [[Decarabian's Mondstadt|old Mondstadt]], from a time when the Anemo Archon was the tyrant [[Decarabian]]. He refuses to divulge more on the story for the time being. The group notes that there is a light actuator and activate it after some struggle. Venti hopes that they can bring Dvalin back to his senses, and convince him that neither the people of Mondstadt nor Venti himself had betrayed him in the first place. He then uses his powers to imbue the power with Anemo energy.

The Traveler catches up to Dvalin and manages to purge him of the corrupted energy placed on him by the Abyss Order. Dvalin saves the group, asking Venti why he did not ask him for his protection. Venti states that while he didn't want him to listen to the Abyss Order, he did not necessarily want him to obey Venti, either, and that if he had ordered him to act free, it wouldn't be true freedom. Dvalin then flies off, reassured that no one is after him. Meanwhile, Jean clears up the misunderstanding between the people and Dvalin, who they believed came out of nowhere to attack and disappeared just as quickly.

After returning to the city, the group is greeted by Amber, who reveals that while they were dealing with Dvalin, she and the other knights repelled a coordinated hilichurl attack on the city. She wondered where [[Kaeya]] had gone during the attack, and tells them to meet up with her at [[Good Hunter]]. At the tavern, they find Kaeya, who tells them that he was suspicious of the attack and remained in the city while everyone else was fighting at the ancient ruins, intercepting a group of Abyss Order infiltrators and besting them. He learned from the infiltrators that the Abyss Order is united under a [[Traveler's Sibling|single leader]]. Spotting Amber arriving, he takes his leave, aware that she is still angry at him for apparently abandoning the knights for a drink.

Amber is upset at Kaeya's supposed lack of work ethics, before asking the Traveler what they intend to do. Paimon tells her that they'll be traveling throughout Teyvat to meet The Seven. Amber wishes them luck on their journey, and that they will always be welcome in Mondstadt. After eating, she remembers that Jean asked for their presence at the [[Favonius Cathedral|Cathedral]] regarding the [[Holy Lyre der Himmel]].

The Traveler makes their way to the Cathedral, where they find Venti and Jean waiting for them. Jean introduces them to [[Barbara]], the deaconess of the church, who asks for the lyre. The Traveler gives her a damaged lyre, much to her panic. Venti sighs and repairs the lyre, before Barbara takes it and runs off, intending to never let it out of her sights again. Venti chuckles and states that he simply used some magic to make it look as if it was fixed and runs off. The Traveler pursues him outside, upon which a gust of cold air freezes Venti and Paimon, sending the latter flying away.

Two [[Fatui Agents]] appear and restrain the Traveler, while [[Signora|a lady]] and two [[Fatui Cicin Mages|Fatui Cicin Electro Mages]] enter the scene. The woman calls Venti a "rodent ruler" and continues to taunt Venti; he in turn returns the favor, enraging her; she then plunges her arm into his chest, ripping out his [[Gnosis]]. Signora orders her subordinates to quickly flee the scene before the Knights can arrive. One of the two agents backhands the Traveler, knocking them out cold.

The Traveler comes to sometime later, where Barbara had found the two. Venti came to first, but her healing had no effect on him, and he abruptly left. Jean appears to understand his intentions, but the Traveler decides to keep quiet for her sake. Jean and the Traveler arrive at [[Windrise]], where they find Venti at the great tree and inquire about the Gnosis. Venti reluctantly explains to them what the Gnosis is. He also explains that the woman that attacked them is [[Signora]], the eighth of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]] — people who have been given great powers by [[Snezhnaya]]'s Archon, the [[Tsaritsa]]. Paimon realizes that the Tsaritsa is also one of The Seven who the Traveler is looking for.

Venti then explains more about the Tsaritsa, stating that although the current Seven usually don't get along well, they still respected each other. He is still surprised by the Tsaritsa's actions, but remarks that a "certain catastrophe" five hundred years ago severed their relationship completely. Venti suggests that they head to [[Liyue]] to speak with the [[Morax|Geo Archon]], stating that he comes down once every year during the Rite of Descension to determine how the nation will progress. He urges them to head there immediately, or they will have to wait another year for the next rite if they miss the Geo Archon.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Song of the Dragon and Freedom|type=Act}}

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Song of the Dragon and Freedom}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|zhs     = 巨龙与自由之歌
|zhs_rm  = Jùlóng yǔ Zìyóu zhī Gē
|zht     = 巨龍與自由之歌
|zht_rm  = Jùlóng yǔ Zìyóu zhī Gē
|zh_tl   = Song of the Gigantic Dragon and Freedom
|ja      = 龍と自由の歌
|ja_rm   = Ryuu to Jiyuu no Uta{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|ko      = 드래곤과 자유의 노래
|ko_rm   = Deuraegon-gwa Jayu-ui Norae
|ko_tl   = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|es      = Canción del dragón y la libertad
|es_tl   = Song of the Dragon and the Freedom
|fr      = Chanson du dragon et de la liberté
|fr_tl   = Song of the Dragon and the Freedom
|ru      = Песнь о драконьей свободе
|ru_tl   = Song of the Dragon and the Freedom
|th      = บทเพลงแห่งมังกรและอิสรภาพ
|th_rm   = Bot-phleng haeng Mang-kon lae It-sa-ra-phap
|th_tl   = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|vi      = Bài {{tt|ca|歌}} về rồng và {{tt|tự do|自由}}
|vi_tl   = A Song of Dragon and Freedom
|de      = Das Lied von dem Drachen und der Freiheit
|de_tl   = The Song of the Dragon and the Freedom
|id      = Lagu Naga dan Kebebasan
|id_tl   = Song of the Dragon and the Freedom
|pt      = Canção do Dragão e Liberdade
|pt_tl   = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|tr      = Ejder ve Özgürlük Şarkısı
|tr_tl   = Dragon and Freedom Song
|it      = La canzone del drago e della libertà
|it_tl   = The Song of the Dragon and of the Freedom
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Canción del dragón y la libertad]]
[[fr:Chanson du dragon et de la liberté]]
[[ja:龍と自由の歌]]
[[pl:Pieśń o smoku i wolności]]
[[pt-br:Canção do Dragão e Liberdade]]
[[ru:Песнь о драконьей свободе]]
[[vi:Bài Ca Về Rồng Và Tự Do]]