{{Manga Infobox
|title      = Songs of the Wind
|image      = Manga Chapter 00 Cover 1.png
|chapter    = Prologue
|characters = Vennessa;Lind;Venti;Lord Lawrence;Barca Lawrence;Ursa the Drake;Traveler
|next       = Bad Wine
|link       = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/manga/detail/104863
}}
{{Description|After [[Barbatos]] founded his beloved city of [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], he left it to the care of its first residents and went on his way. Human greed, however, knew no bounds. The [[Mondstadt Aristocracy|rich]] seized control over the city and ruled it the way they see fit. On the eve of the city's celebrated [[Ludi Harpastum]], a [[Venti|mysterious bard]] came to the city...}}
'''Songs of the Wind''' is the Prologue of the ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' [[manga]].

==Summary==
On the day of [[Ludi Harpastum]], the slave [[Vennessa]] heads off to [[Mondstadt]] to purchase herbs for her ill sister, [[Lind]]. In the woods, [[Barbatos]], the [[Anemo]] [[The Seven|Archon]], awakens to the mortal world.

Ever since Barbatos left Mondstadt, the City of Freedom has suffered under the rule of the aristocracy. Now under the name [[Venti]], he wanders the city and performs as a bard. After earning apples from a street vendor, he informs him about the Ludi Harpastum event occurring that day. Venti heads to the event, but learns that it has been rigged for [[Barca Lawrence]], heir of the [[Lawrence Clan]]. He steps in and takes the harpastum, angering Barca as he orders for his arrest. As Venti is being chased, he accidentally bumps into Vennessa. Due to her reputation, Barca is forced to stand down and had her imprisoned after forcing [[Lord Lawrence|his father]] to purchase her and her clan.

That night, Venti visits Vennessa in prison and the two introduce each other. Venti offers to help Vennessa escape, but she turns it down, saying "freedom freely given is but another shackle". He then leaves with a secret plan in mind. The next morning, Vennessa is dragged into the arena with her people to fight [[Ursa the Drake]] itself in exchange for control of Mondstadt if victorious. She fought against [[hilichurl]]s and the dragon itself until Barbatos suddenly appears, using his powers to bolster her abilities and allowing her to successfully drive Ursa off. With Vennessa victorious, Barbatos orders Lord Lawrence to hand over control of the city. Vennessa recognizes him as Venti and thanks him.

A thousand years later, Venti remains in Mondstadt. Retelling this story to the [[Traveler]], as Vennessa's spirit continues to watch over the city.

==Trivia==
* This chapter in Simplified Chinese was removed from the [https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/manga official website] in April 2021, but it is available in all other localizations.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Songs of the Wind
|zhs     = 风之歌
|zhs_rm  = Fēngzhīgē
|zht     = 風之歌
|zht_rm  = Fēngzhīgē
|zh_tl   = Songs of the Wind
|ja      = 風の歌
|ja_rm   = Kaze no Uta
|ja_tl   = Songs of the Wind
|ko      = 바람의 노래
|ko_rm   = Baram-ui Norae
|ko_tl   = Songs of the Wind
|es      = Canciones del Viento
|es_tl   = Songs of the Wind
|fr      = L'Ode au Vent
|fr_tl   = The Ode to the Wind
|ru      = Песнь Ветров
|ru_tl   = Song of the Winds
|th      = บทเพลงแห่งสายลม
|th_rm   = Bot Phleng haeng Sailom
|th_tl   = Songs of the Wind
|vi      = Bài Ca Của Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Sänge des Windes
|de_tl   = The Songs of the Wind
|id      = Nyanyian Sang Angin
|id_tl   = Songs of the Wind
|pt      = Canções do Vento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rüzgarın Şarkıları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Canzoni del vento
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Navigation==
{{Manga Navbox}}

[[es:Prólogo (manga)]]
[[ja:風の歌]]
[[vi:Bài Ca Của Gió]]