{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Song of Life.png
|set   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|As far as Inazuma is concerned, this is some small object from overseas. The heart of this mechanism has been removed, and its hands no longer turn.}}
'''Song of Life''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Husk of Opulent Dreams]].

==Description==
He was originally born to be a vessel for a "[[gnosis|heart]]."<br>But he shed tears in his dreams.<br>His [[Ei|creator]] observed thus:<br>He was too fragile, whether it be as a human or as a tool.

Yet his creator would not destroy him, and so allowed him to continue slumbering.<br>In her latter works, she would also consign designs that might store such a heart to obsolescence.<br>Not long after, that noblest and most prestigious "proof" in the world would come to have no home,<br>And thus was sent to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|great shrine]] at [[Mt. Yougou]].

Later, the beautiful puppet awoke and began his wanderings.<br>He observed many a heart,<br>Good ones, upright ones, strong ones, gentle ones...<br>The puppet, too, desired a heart.

Later, the lovely puppet would [[Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom|finally obtain]] that "heart."<br>It was, after all, his purpose for being, the very reason he existed.<br>Yet, it was not what the puppet truly desired,<br>For it did not contain any blessings,<br>But was instead a sacrifice brimming with selfishness, hypocrisy, cunning and curses,<br>All wrapped in an amiable husk.

Good and evil were the song of sentient life, useless and cacophonous.<br>But if he were to wrench this "heart" out,<br>He would no longer be able to feel anything at all...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Song of Life
|zhs      = 众生之谣
|zhs_rm   = Zhòngshēng zhi Yáo
|zht      = 眾生之謠
|zht_rm   = Zhòngshēng zhi Yáo
|zh_tl    = The Song of All Living Things
|ja       = 衆生の歌
|ja_rm    = Shujou no Uta
|ja_tl    = The Song of {{w|Sentient beings (Buddhism)|All Living Things}}
|ko       = 중생의 노래
|ko_rm    = Jungsaeng-ui Norae
|ko_tl    = The Song of {{w|Sentient beings (Buddhism)|All Living Things}}
|es       = Canto de la Vida
|es_tl    = Song of Life
|fr       = Chant de vie
|fr_tl    = Song of Life
|ru       = Песнь жизни
|ru_tl    = Song of Life
|th       = Song of Life
|vi       = Khúc Ca Chúng Sinh
|vi_tl    = The Song of All Living Things
|de       = Lied der Vergänglichkeit
|de_tl    = Song of Transience
|id       = Song of Life
|pt       = Canção da Vida
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yaşam Şarkısı
|tr_tl    = Life Song
|it       = Canzone della vita
|it_tl    = Song of Life
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Husk of Opulent Dreams}}

[[fr:Chant de vie]]
[[ja:衆生の歌]]
[[tr:Yaşam Şarkısı]]
[[vi:Khúc Ca Chúng Sinh]]
[[zh:眾生之謠]]