{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20068
|image         = Commission Sorry Timmie!.png
|type          = Commission
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Grace; Timmie; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Timmie; Grace
|requirement   = Automatically assigned the following day after messing up [[Pigeon, Duck, and Child]] commission. Will be assigned randomly if it is not completed the day after.
|prev          = Pigeon, Duck, and Child
|other         = *Grants the achievement [[Taking Responsibility for Your Actions]].
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Sorry, Timmie!''' is the [[commission]] that is given if the player kills the ducks during "[[Pigeon, Duck, and Child]]." It is guaranteed to appear the next day regardless of what region your commissions are in, meaning you could have commissions from multiple regions on the same day.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Grace]]
#Bring 3 [[Philanemo Mushroom]]s to Grace
#*Obtain [[Special Mondstadt Hash Brown]]
#Talk to [[Timmie]]

==Notes==
*Grants the achievement [[Taking Responsibility for Your Actions]]. Only the host will unlock it in [[Co-Op Mode]].
*The 3 Philanemo Mushrooms cannot be given during Co-Op Mode.
*Killing the pigeons in front of Timmie (again) does not affect quest dialogue.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Timmie]] seems to have a bone to pick with you over some matter. Perhaps Sister [[Grace]] would know a way to help resolve things between you two...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Timmie)
:'''Timmie:''' ...Why isn't he back yet...
:{{DIcon}} Hey, Timmie...
:'''Timmie:''' Why are you back again!? Go away! The pigeons and the ducks... You're scaring them off!

;(Talk to Grace)
:'''Grace:''' Ah, whatever shall I do...
:{{DIcon}} Um, what happened?
:'''Grace:''' Oh, it's you. You've come at just the right moment. Timmie's told me what you did to the ducks.
:'''Grace:''' You... you... How should I say this? It's not as if I haven't heard of your deeds...
:'''Grace:''' But did you really have to use your courage and strength in that way?
:{{DIcon}} I was too hungry...
::'''Grace:''' If you really were hungry, you could have done some honest work.
::'''Grace:''' With your capabilities, you'd definitely have a place at the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{DIcon}} It was an accident, really!
::'''Grace:''' You accidentally hit those ducks and pigeons? Did you accidentally defeat the tough enemies you've encountered on your adventures too?
:{{DIcon}} Strength comes from daily practice such as this.
::'''Grace:''' You... I... Forget it. Looks like your "strength" really is all-rounded.
:'''Grace:''' Ah, it's all water under the bridge at this point. But Timmie's been quite down because of this.
:'''Grace:''' I... Timmie's father once taught me how to make a certain dish. Mondstadt Hash Brown with Philanemo Mushrooms is Timmie's favorite.
:'''Grace:''' Why don't you help me find three Philanemo Mushrooms, so we can make some for Timmie? That should perk him up a bit, and also serve by way of apology.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Grace:''' Well then, off you go.
:{{DIcon}} It shall be done!
::'''Grace:''' Just three is enough! What are you planning to do with this many mushrooms? Are you going to bribe Timmie with a meal every time you annoy him?
:'''Grace:''' As for the Philanemo Mushrooms... I remember that you can find some under the eaves of the houses in the southern part of the city.
:'''Grace:''' Please come back soon!
----
;(Talk to Grace again)
:'''Grace:''' Did you find any Philanemo Mushrooms? I believe that you should be able to find some under the eaves of the city's houses...
:;(After submitting the items)
:'''Grace:''' Thank you, these should be enough. Please wait a moment...
:'''Grace:''' This should be fine. Please give this Mondstadt Hash Brown to Timmie.
:'''Grace:''' And please, don't... do such things in the future. It's not worth the trouble.
:'''Grace:''' Please listen to my advice. Don't disappoint Timmie... or me.
:'''Grace:''' Well, if only everyone listened to advice. If that were the case, Sister Victoria wouldn't be so busy.
:;(Obtain [[Special Mondstadt Hash Brown]] ×1)
----
;(Talk to Grace after receiving Special Mondstadt Hash Brown)
:'''Grace:''' Please give that hash brown to Timmie.
:{{DIcon}} This "Mommy" Timmie talks about...
::'''Grace:''' It's me. I've been taking care of the children who need care for a while now.
::'''Grace:''' Timmie's the one I've looked after longest. He's even come to call me Mommy.
::'''Grace:''' But in truth, I'm not his real family.
:{{DIcon}} Why's Timmie so mad?
::'''Grace:''' How can you even ask such a thing?
::'''Grace:''' That child hasn't got many friends or people he's close to in this city. So other than Nora and Glory, he only has the small animals to keep him company.
::'''Grace:''' In fact, those pigeons even...
::'''Grace:''' ...No, never mind. Please give the hash brown to Timmie as soon as you can.
----
;(Talk to Timmie)
:'''Timmie:''' ...Eat, eat. Eat and go, quickly...
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
::'''Timmie:''' You again!
:{{DIcon}} Hey, Timmie...
::'''Timmie:''' You again? Leave me alone!
:{{DIcon}} Has something happened?
::'''Timmie:''' How can you even ask me that?
:'''Timmie:''' What are you planning? Are you trying to hurt the ducks and the pigeons?
:{{DIcon}} This hash brown is for you.
:{{DIcon}} Please take this hash brown!
:'''Timmie:''' A hash brown? Huh. How did you know how to make this?
:'''Timmie:''' I know, you must have asked Mommy!
:'''Timmie:''' Hmph. Are you trying to bribe me, just like that? I know what you've done to the birds!
:'''Timmie:''' ...Still, since Mommy's sent you over with the hash brown, I guess that's her way of telling me to stop making trouble.
:'''Timmie:''' She still needs to take care of [[Nora]] and [[Glory]]. It would be immature of me to make things harder for her.
:'''Timmie:''' But let's be clear, I haven't forgiven you! I just don't wanna make trouble for Mommy. Got it?
:'''Timmie:''' Still... Hmph. I bet that because I'm a kid, you're just going to forget your promise whenever you feel like it.
:'''Timmie:''' Once Daddy is back, I'm telling him all about you!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sorry, Timmie!
|zhs     = 提米，对不起！
|zhs_rm  = Tímǐ, Duìbùqǐ!
|zht     = 提米，對不起！
|zht_rm  = Tímǐ, Duìbùqǐ!
|zh_tl   = Timmie, Sorry!
|ja      = ティミー、ごめん！
|ja_rm   = Timii, Gomen!
|ja_tl   = Timmie, Sorry!
|ko      = 미안해, 티미!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡Lo siento, Timmie!
|es_tl   = Sorry, Timmie!
|fr      = Pardon Timmy !
|fr_tl   = Sorry Timmie!
|ru      = Прости, Тимми!
|ru_tl   = Sorry, Timmie!
|th      = ขอโทษนะ Timmie!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Sorry, Timmie!
|vi      = Timmie, xin lỗi!
|vi_tl   = Timmie, Sorry!
|de      = Tut mir echt leid, Timmie!
|de_tl   = I'm so sorry, Timmie!
|id      = Maaf, Timmie!
|id_tl   = Sorry, Timmie!
|pt      = Desculpe, Timmie!
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[fr:Pardon Timmy !]]