{{About|the character|the gadget|Sorush (Gadget)}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|group            = Pari
|image            = NPC Sorush.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Bloomguard

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = {{w|Saho Shirasu|Shirasu Saho ({{Ja|白砂沙帆}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://x.com/sahoshirasu/status/1856319115377713396 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Sorush''' is a member of the [[Pari]] known as the '''Bloomguard'''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Sorush is one of the Pari, a race of avian, flower-like creatures. She was born after the [[cataclysm]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Zurvan}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Sorush's physique is the same as other Pari: a disproportionately large head atop a tiny body with long wing-like arms.

Her body is pale red with mauve details at the tips of her arms. Her eyes are pale orange with red eyelashes. She wears a red cape and a heart-shaped emblem on her chest, as well as the Chaplet that she earned as Bloomguard.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
--><!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Zurvan:'''
{{Dialogue end}}
-->
==Story==
When [[the Sign of Apaosha]] appeared in the sky above the [[Harvisptokhm]], Sorush began working with [[Nasejuna]] of the [[Order of Skeptics]] in an attempt to extinguish it. She believed his claims that, since the Pari are descendants of [[Khvarena]], she could wield that power to eliminate the Sign by sacrificing herself in the Rite of Chinvat. However, to gather enough Khvarena for the Rite, Sorush would have to collect the five [[Great Song of Khvarena|Great Songs of Khvarena]], which could only be touched by the Bloomguard of the Pari.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Splendorous Sky That Day}}</ref>

Initially, Elder [[Zurvan]] outright refused Sorush's request to become a Bloomguard, believing her to be immature and foolish for fraternizing with humans, but Sorush remained persistent. After meeting the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]], Sorush declared them her Yasnapati, or "bonded comrades in arms."<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Sumeru|Yasnapati}}</ref> With their help, Sorush saved two other Pari, [[Mihir]] and [[Rashnu]], after which Zurvan finally allowed Sorush to be judged by [[Egeria|their god]]. Sorush was thus recognized and gained the status of Bloomguard. Despite Zurvan's lingering reservations, she showed Sorush the location of the first Great Song.

By this time, Nasejuna had also located the four other Great Songs, which had been scattered across the [[Girdle of the Sands]] after the cataclysm. After they collected the last one, Nasejuna revealed that his true motive was to use the Great Songs to destroy the seal on the [[Abyss]] and let chaos reign. He attacked the Traveler with his secret collaborator [[Klingsor]], but the Traveler defeated them both.<ref name="AtKLS">{{Ref/Quest|As the Khvarena's Light Shows}}</ref> Afterwards, Sorush felt great shame and embarrassment for having believed in Nasejuna. However, she soon rallied with encouragement from her Yasnapati. With their help, she performed first the Rite of Ab-Zohr, which revitalized the Harvisptokhm and allowed it to purify the land, then the Rite of Chinvat, which fully dispelled the Sign of Apaosha. [[Tunigi Hollow]] and the Harvisptokhm were both restored to their original state.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)}}</ref>

Zurvan later set up several trials for Sorush to ensure that she understood the responsibilities of a Bloomguard.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Recollector's Path (Part 1)}}</ref> The trials tested physical skill, but also knowledge of the history of the Pari and Vourukasha Oasis. Another key component was introspection; Sorush had to reflect on her past brashness and mistakes. She often felt conflicted throughout this process, but ultimately emerged a bit more mature.

When a [[Sabzeruz Festival]] was organized to celebrate [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] after her freedom from captivity, Sorush was tasked by Zurvan to perform the Dance of Sabzeruz before their [[Archon]], accompanied by Mihir and Rashnu. On the way, their sleep was "disturbed" by a caravan of bandits who sought to ransack various ruins, and Sorush drove the bandits away by dropping bombs from above. After scaring them off, she was approached by [[Sethos]], who had heard the commotion and knew of her identity, which prompted her to relent her assault on the bandits. On the way, Sethos learned why Sorush had come and told her that a dancer had already been decided &mdash; [[Nilou]]. She ultimately decided to observe Nilou, and was displeased to see the current version of the dance. Nilou asked to learn the original version, believing it would leave a better impression, and appreciating her determination, agreed to teach her in a secluded spot near the [[Fane of Ashvattha]].

The [[Traveler]], [[Candace]], and [[Cyno]] eventually discovered the three of them, where Sorush was pleased to see her Yasnapati again. She also partook in a group photo with the rest of the group. After the festival ended, Lesser Lord Kusanali asked Sorush if the Pari would like to stay in [[Sumeru City]], which she declined, as the Pari still had their duty to uphold and felt that city life was too noisy for them. She later spoke with [[Arasaka]] and asked how the [[Aranara]] were able to protect the rainforest without issue, though to her disdain, Arasaka did not understand her question.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Give Her Memories}}</ref>

==Trivia==
*The Twin-Horned Chaplet grows directly out of a Pari's head once they are acknowledged as Bloomguard.<ref name="AtKLS"/>
**The Chaplet was originally part of the Harvisptokhm. Thus, since the Harvisptokhm stores all the memories of Khvarena, the Chaplet can grant that wisdom to its bearer.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)}}</ref>

===Etymology===
*{{lang|''{{w|Sraosha}}''|ae=𐬯𐬭𐬀𐬊𐬴𐬀}} is the Zoroastrian yazata of "Conscience" and "Observance," which is also the literal meaning of her name. It appears as {{lang|''Sorush''|fa=سروش|fa_rm=Sorūsh}} in New Persian.

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

===Quest Stills===
{{Files by Character Gallery|Quest Stills}}

===Paimon's Paintings===
{{Paimon's Paintings Images|Sorush|nochar=1|nopplink=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Sorush (Gadget)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Sorush]]
[[pt-br:Sorush]]