{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Soulscent Bloom.png
|set   = Echoes of an Offering
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A jade carved into the shape of a flower. A phantom scent, here one instant and gone the next, swirls around it.}}
'''Soulscent Bloom''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Echoes of an Offering]].

==Description==
Each year, when the [[Spiritscent Flowers]] bloom, [[Qiaoying Village]] will prepare for its tea-serving ceremonies.<br />
Once the flowers wither, flower tea infused with nine layers of scents are presented in the village hall.<br />
The Spiritscent Flower is a fleeting thing, much like the sudden coming and going of a certain adeptus.<br />
This one left behind the ambiguous name of "Herblord," as well as many foggy and fragmented legends.<br />
<br />
In one such tale, the Herblord's adeptal form would turn into the branches of an ancient tea tree.<br />
In another, the adeptus flew up to the adeptal mountain on a subdued evil beast.<br />
There is even a story that goes like this—<br />
<br />
The young lady grasped at the hooded hat on the ground as she struggled ashore, placing it on her head haphazardly.<br />
For if she did not cover her face, then she might feel embarrassed and find herself at a loss for words.<br />
Just then, the orchestrator of her suffering poked their head out of the water.<br />
The rainbow-scales on their body glimmered, as if to revel in this victory.<br />
<br />
"*cough* Alright! So you can swim! Very impressive! ...You know what? May you drown someday!"<br />
<br />
She spoke these words in anger, but also in jest.<br />
And yet that glittering streak would eventually sink into the depths, never to come back to the surface.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Soulscent Bloom
|zhs     = 魂香之花
|zhs_rm  = Húnxiāng zhī Huā
|zht     = 魂香之花
|zht_rm  = Húnxiāng zhī Huā
|zh_tl   = Flower of Soul Fragrance
|ja      = 魂香の花
|ja_rm   = Konkou no Hana{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Soulscent Flower
|ko      = {{tt|혼향|魂香}}의 꽃
|ko_rm   = Honhyang-ui Kkot
|ko_tl   = Flower of Soulscent
|es      = Flor Aromaespíritu
|es_tl   = Soulscent Flower
|fr      = Fleur d'aromesprit
|fr_tl   = Flower of Aromaspirit
|ru      = Цветок призрачного аромата
|ru_tl   = Flower of Spectral Aroma
|th      = Soulscent Bloom
|vi      = {{tt|Hoa|花}} {{tt|Hương|香}} {{tt|Hồn|魂}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blüte des Seelendufts
|de_tl   = Bloom of Soulscent
|id      = Soulscent Bloom
|pt      = Flor da Fragrância Espiritual
|pt_tl   = Flower with a Spiritual Fragrance
|tr      = Ruh Kokulu Çiçek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fiore dell'aromaspirito
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Echoes of an Offering}}

[[fr:Fleur d'aromesprit]]
[[ja:魂香の花]]
[[th:Soulscent Bloom]]