{{SoundtrackTabs}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Genshin Impact
}}
A collection of original game '''soundtrack''' albums, all produced by the [[HOYO-MiX]] studio for ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

There is a total of {{Soundtrack/Total}} tracks.

==In-Game & Trailer Soundtracks==
===Albums===
{{Albums by Category Table|cat1=Digital Release|cat2=Original Game Soundtracks¦Character Trailer Soundtracks¦Version Trailer Soundtracks|cat3=Albums}}

===Extended Plays===
{{Albums by Category Table|cat1=Digital Release|cat2=Original Game Soundtracks¦Character Trailer Soundtracks¦Version Trailer Soundtracks|cat3=Extended Plays}}

===Singles===
{{Albums by Category Table|cat1=Digital Release|cat2=Original Game Soundtracks¦Character Trailer Soundtracks¦Version Trailer Soundtracks|cat3=Singles}}

==Other Digital Soundtracks==
{{Albums by Category Table|cat1=Digital Release|notcat1=Original Game Soundtracks|notcat2=Character Trailer Soundtracks|notcat3=Version Trailer Soundtracks}}

==Physical Soundtracks==
{{Albums by Category Table|cat1=Soundtrack Albums|notcat1=Digital Release|type=medium|typename=Medium}}

==Unreleased Soundtracks==
The following soundtracks are used or have been used in-game, but are currently not released in any album; names come from official media when applicable:
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Unreleased Soundtracks}}

==Types==
''Genshin Impact'' has different types of soundtracks that are used.
* Ambient music is determined by area boundaries on the map as well as the time of the day. Crossing a boundary or adjusting the [[time]] will cause the current soundtrack to fade out, stop, and then play another soundtrack.
* Battle themes are played whenever [[aggravation]] is triggered &mdash; that is, the enemy has detected a threat and the player has entered combat mode. These soundtracks are determined by the area and enemy type, and override nearly all other music.
** Some subareas (e.g., [[Stormterror's Lair]] and [[The Serpent's Bowels]]) do not allow battle themes to play during combat.
** Other areas (e.g., [[Dragonspine]]) have their own unique battle themes in addition to those provided by the region they are located in.
** The deeper parts of [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] (starting from the [[Nameless Ruins]] southward) have two versions of the same tracks, with the ambient version seamlessly transitioning into a battle version when players encounter enemies and vice versa once battles are finished.
* Normal Boss themes are played whenever a Normal Boss is aggravated. There are currently seven known boss themes: ''[[Fiery Pursuit]]'' for all Normal Bosses in [[Inazuma]], ''[[No Turning Back]]'' for the [[Coral Defenders]] challenge, ''[[Jolts in the Forest]]'' for the [[Jadeplume Terrorshroom]] and [[Aeonblight Drake]], ''[[Aubade of Coppelia]]'' and ''[[Envoi of Coppelius]]'' for the [[Icewind Suite]], ''[[Mountainborn Gale]]'' for the [[Solitary Suanni]], and ''[[Requiem Resonantia]]'' for the [["Statue of Marble and Brass"]].
* [[Domains#Soundtracks|Domain themes]] are played whenever inside a [[Domain]]. Each domain has its own soundtrack that plays during the challenge.

When selecting which music to play in the open world, the game appears to perform checks in the following order:
# If the player is in combat, and a Normal Boss is in its aggravation state, then it will play the appropriate boss theme, if one is present.
# Otherwise, the game will randomly select a regional battle theme that is not a boss theme, if one is present.
# If the player is not in combat and has not been in combat for some time, it will start to play the ambient region theme. If the player re-enters combat shortly after leaving combat, it will resume the battle theme.

==Recurring Themes==
===Battle Theme===
This theme is featured in various battle soundtracks, [[Character Demo]]s, and promotional videos, usually as an ostinato and sometimes just a single instance of the phrase. Next to the [[Genshin Impact Main Theme]], it is a notable recurring theme in ''Genshin Impact'' soundtracks.

''Note: The information below was last updated during the release of the album The Stellar Moments Vol. 4.''
{| class="wikitable mw-collapsed mw-collapsible"
|-
! Category
! Soundtracks
|-
! Battle Themes
| [[A Dance in Fire]]<br>[[Anthem of the Savannah]]<br>[[Chasing the Torrents]]<br>[[Combat Beneath the Waves]]<br>[[Fiery Pursuit]]<br>[[Gallant Challenge]]<br>[[God-Devouring Mania]]<br>[[Lamentation et Triomphe]]<br>[[Overlord of the Thunderstorm]]<br>[[Photon of Fluctuation]]<br>[[Rite of Battle]]<br>[[Rondeau des fleurs et des rapieres]]<br>[[Swirls of the Stream]]<br>[[Swirls of Shamshir]]<br>[[Wrathful Streaming Gold]]<br>[[Unnamed Leisurely Pastime Soundtrack 1]]<br>[[Venture of Tonalamatl]]
|-
! rowspan="2" | Character Demos
|-
| [[Astute and Fearless Leader]]<br>[[Borrowing Winds of Harmony]]<br>[[Cogitation of Epochs]]<br>[[Contemplation in Snow]]<br>[[Dance of Aphros]]<br>[[Flaming Fry]]<br>[[Flow of Autumn Wind]]<br>[[Exclusive Specialty]]<br>[[Fervent Flare]]<br>[[Good Hunting on a New Horizon]]<br>[[Marching of Xiezhi]]<br>[[Muji-Muji Chaos!]]<br>[[Nephrite of Deshret]]<br>[[Nimble as Lightning]]<br>[[Nippy Bout]]<br>[[Order of Silence]]<br>[[Path of Yaksha]]<br>[[Pirouette of Pika's Pike]]<br>[[Preserver of Fortune]]<br>[[Propitious Ardor]]<br>[[Rockin' With Fire]]<br>[[Shadow of Nemesis]]<br>[[Surge of Prophecies]]<br>[[Time to Shine]]<br>[[Veritas Numquam Perit]]<br>[[Voici la grenadiere !]]<br>[[Winding Through Avidya]]
|-
! Story Scenes
| [[Foul Legacy]]<br>[[Hang by a Thread]]<br>[[Reconnaissance Captain]]<br>[[Secret Orders of the Sands]]<br>[[The Wolf Boy]]<br>[[Unexpected Savior]]<br>[[Unnamed Away With Obsessions and Falsehood Soundtrack 1]]
|-
! Promotional Media
| [[A New Star Approaches (Soundtrack)|A New Star Approaches]]<br>[[All That Glitters (Soundtrack)|All That Glitters]]<br>[[Dazzling Stars]]<br>[[Dharana Iaksana]]<br>[[Evening Luxury]]<br>[[Into the Perilous Labyrinth of Fog (Soundtrack)|Into the Perilous Labyrinth of Fog]]<br>[[Invitation of Windblume (Footprints of the Traveler)|Invitation of Windblume]]<br>[[Invokation Game]]<br>[[Iridescent Summer Day]]<br>[[Midsummer Island Adventure (Soundtrack)|Midsummer Island Adventure]]<br>[[Shadows Amidst Snowstorms (Soundtrack)|Shadows Amidst Snowstorms]]<br>[[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia (Soundtrack)|The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]]<br>[[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings (Soundtrack)|The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings]]<br>[[Voyage Suite]]
|}

===Genshin Impact Main Theme===
{{Main|Genshin Impact Main Theme}}
This theme has several variations. The melody was adapted into [[Mondstadt]]'s themes and was also prominently featured in various story scenes of the [[Prologue]].
{| class="wikitable mw-collapsed mw-collapsible"
|-
! Category
! Soundtracks
|-
! Variations
| [[Beckoning (Genshin Impact Main Theme Var.)|Beckoning]]<br>[[Dream Aria (Genshin Impact Main Theme Var.)|Dream Aria]]<br>[[Eternal Anamnesis (Genshin Impact Main Theme Var.)|Eternal Anamnesis]]<br>[[Journey of Hope (Genshin Impact Main Theme Var.)|Journey of Hope]]<br>[[Remembrance (Genshin Impact Main Theme Var.)|Remembrance]]<br>[[Reminiscence (Genshin Impact Main Theme Var.)|Reminiscence]]<br>[[Twilight Serenity (Genshin Impact Main Theme Var.)|Twilight Serenity]]<br>[[Unnamed Mondstadt Soundtrack 2]]<br>[[Unnamed Mondstadt Soundtrack 4]]<br>[[Unnamed Mondstadt Soundtrack 5]]<br>[[Unnamed State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel Soundtrack 1]]
|-
! Open World
| [[A Day in Mondstadt]]<br>[[A Familiar Sight and Leisure]]<br>[[An Interesting Labour]]<br>[[Acquaintance (Statue of The Seven)]]<br>[[Dusk in Mondstadt]]<br>[[Knights of Favonius (Soundtrack)|Knights of Favonius]]<br>[[Perpetual Motion of Wind]]<br>[[Ripples of Daydream]]<br>[[What a Hopeful Voyage]]<br>[[Whence the Flow Cometh]]<br>[[Windborne Hymn]]<br>[[Unnamed Mondstadt Soundtrack 6]]<br>[[Unnamed Springvale Soundtrack 1]]
|-
! Battle Themes
| [[Charge! Fearless Warriors]]<br>[[Endless Echoes]]<br>[[His Resolution]]<br>[[Photon of Fluctuation]]<br>[[Make Haste, Partner]]<br>[[Never-Ending Performance (Soundtrack)|Never-Ending Performance]]<br>[[Rite of Battle]]
|-
! Character Demos
| [[Bard's Adventure]]<br>[[Dance of Aphros]]<br>[[Exclusive Specialty]]<br>[[Ouvertüre der ewigen Nacht]]
|-
! Story Scenes
| [[A Cunning Trick]]<br>[[A Tale of Two Dragons]]<br>[[A Yearning Breeze]]<br>[[Hence, Begins the Journey]]<br>[[Imminent Triumph]]<br>[[Knighthood Excellence]]<br>[[L'arrivo Della Signora]]<br>[[Legend of the Wind]]<br>[[Love Is in the Air]]<br>[[Meeting Amber]]<br>[[Myriad of Lights]]<br>[[Overture of Storms]]<br>[[Welcome Back, My Companion]]<br>[[Whisper of Weinlesefest]]<br>[[Unnamed The Outlander Who Caught the Wind Soundtrack 1]]<br>[[Unnamed That Green Fellow Soundtrack 1]]<br>[[Unnamed That Green Fellow Soundtrack 2]]<br>[[Unnamed For a Tomorrow Without Tears Soundtrack 1]]
|-
! Promotional Media
|[[A la recherche des grandes eaux]]<br>[[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind (Soundtrack)|The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]
|}

==Trivia==
* There are only 8 songs of which HOYO-MiX released official sheet music (as collector's item):
** The official sheet music of ''[[Genshin Impact Main Theme]]'', ''[[Mondstadt (Full Concert Version)|Mondstadt]]'', ''[[Liyue (Soundtrack)|Liyue]]'', and ''[[Inazuma (Soundtrack)|Inazuma]]'' are released through [[GENSHIN CONCERT 2021 "Melodies of an Endless Journey" (CD)|Genshin Impact Online Concert 2021 Gift Box]].
** The official sheet music of ''[[Overture of Storms]]'', ''[[Tales from the Snow Mountain]]'', ''[[What a Hopeful Voyage]]'', and ''[[Destined Parting]]'' are released through [[The Stellar Moments: Shimmering Spotlight|Genshin Impact Concert 2023 Gift Box]].

==See Also==
* [[Realm Music]]
* [[Genshin Concert]]
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Media}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Soundtracks| ]]

[[ja:サウンドトラック]]
[[pt-br:Trilha Sonora]]
[[ru:Саундтрек]]
[[th:เพลงประกอบ]]
[[tr:Müzik]]
[[vi:Âm Nhạc]]
[[zh:原聲帶]]