{{Act Infobox
|image          = Of Ballads and Brews Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Of Ballads and Brews
|actNum         = I
|next           = Bonds of Melody
|ARReq          = 21
|archonQuestReq = {{Quest|Song of the Dragon and Freedom|showType=0}}
|storyQuestReq  = {{Quest|The Meaning of Lupical|showType=0}}
}}
'''''Sounds From Afar''''' is the first act of the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] event.

==Quests==
* ''[[Sounds From Afar (Quest)|Sounds From Afar]]''

==Summary==
As the harvest season arrives in [[Mondstadt]], the number of requests made to the [[Adventurers' Guild]] has increased. Two days earlier, the Traveler and Paimon had met up with Katheryne to answer her call for aid, and have now returned to turn in the checklist of commissions assigned to them, mostly delivery and escorting of goods.

As they were talking, a pair of Knights of Favonius were overheard hurrying off to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], having been told by the [[Jean|Acting Grand Master]] to convene for a meeting. With Kaeya passing by, Paimon asks him about why everyone is heading off to the headquarters. Kaeya tells her that a letter from the [[Varka|Grand Master]] has arrived and Jean had ordered everyone to gather in the main hall. With that, he invites the two to go with him.

In headquarters, [[Mika]] reads out the letter sent by Varka. He assures the Knights that the expedition is going well; however, they have encountered the Fatui Harbinger known as [[Il Capitano|The Captain]] in the past months. Fortunately, The Captain has not been hostile and has even helped them. Varka then states that The Captain was ordered to go to [[Natlan]] three days prior to writing the letter. Varka ends the letter by wishing the Knights well during [[Weinlesefest]]. However, Mika tells Jean about Varka's message he found for [[Lisa]] on the back of the letter. Jean dismisses the meeting, and Lisa tells the Traveler and Paimon to chat with her and Jean in the Grand Master's office.

In the Grand Master's office, Jean discusses the background of the Weinlesefest and this year's plans for the festival. Lisa then reveals Varka's request, which has something to do with [[Razor]]'s past &mdash; giving him the box that his parents left for him. Noting how difficult it may be for Razor to digest the situation, Lisa tells the Traveler and Paimon to find him and break the news to him.

The Traveler and Paimon find Razor hunting in [[Wolvendom]] with [[Draff]]. They tell the news to Razor who feels conflicted about knowing about his parents. Nevertheless, they assure him that whatever happens, they'll be with Razor to support him. With that, Razor decides to visit his teacher Lisa.

Back in the Grand Master's office, Lisa opens the wooden box for Razor. In the box contains a woolen hand puppet, a part from a [[Ruin Guard]], and &mdash; notably &mdash; a bottle of Thousand-Wind Wine. Lisa notes how Thousand-Wind Wine is the first and rarest type of wine that Mondstadters learned to make. With how varying the techniques involved to make it and the flavors it produces, this meant that the bottle of wine was brewed by Razor's parents. Wanting to know more about the bottle of wine, they wait for the Weinlesefest for two days. Once the festival has started, they consult [[Venti]] about the process of making Thousand-Wind Wine, but he is only able to provide a song that has no bearing to the wine-making process. Nevertheless, he advises the group to try and make the wine for themselves to find the answers they are looking for.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sounds From Afar
|zhs     = 自远方吹来的音讯
|zhs_rm  = Zì Yuǎnfāng Chuīlái de Yīnxùn
|zht     = 自遠方吹來的音訊
|zht_rm  = Zì Yuǎnfāng Chuīlái de Yīnxùn
|zh_tl   = Correspondence Blown In From Afar
|ja      = 遠方から舞い込む便り
|ja_rm   = Enbou kara Maikomu Tayori
|ja_tl   = Correspondence Fluttering From Afar
|ko      = 먼 곳에서 전해온 소식
|ko_rm   = Meon Goeseo Jeonhaeon Sosik
|ko_tl   = News From Far Away
|es      = Mensajes llegados de lejos
|es_tl   = Messages Brought from Far Away
|fr      = Sons au lointain
|fr_tl   = Sounds From Afar
|ru      = Весть, прилетевшая издалека
|ru_tl   = Message Coming From Afar
|th      = เสียงที่พัดลอยมาจากที่ไกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tin Từ Phương Xa Thổi Đến
|vi_tl   = News Blown in From Far Away
|de      = Klänge aus der Ferne
|de_tl   = Sounds From Afar
|id      = Suara dari Kejauhan
|id_tl   = Sound from Afar
|pt      = Mensagens Vindas de Longe
|pt_tl   = Messages Coming From Afar
|tr      = Uzaklardan Gelen Sesler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Suoni da lontano
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[ja:遠方から舞い込む便り]]
[[pt-br:Mensagens Vindas de Longe]]