{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Sumeru Akademiya Spantamad.png
|region       = Sumeru
|affiliation  = [[Sumeru Akademiya]]
}}
'''Spantamad''' is one of the [[Sumeru Akademiya#The Six Darshans|Six Darshans]], the six main schools of [[Sumeru Akademiya]].

It is specialized in elementalism,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Opening Festivities}}</ref> the study of the [[element]]s, and includes related disciplines such as [[Ley Line]]s studies and [[alchemy]].<ref name="I, Researcher">{{Ref/NPC|Hosseini|s=3}}</ref><ref name="Sitt">{{Ref/NPC|Sitt}}</ref>

Its school color is red.<ref name="Sitt" /> The mascot on its symbol resembles a peacock with seven feathers and a tree beneath, possibly representing the seven elements and the Ley Lines of the [[Irminsul]] tree.

==Overview==
Due to their research in Ley Lines, Spantamad has the most Driyosh, or Traveling Scholars, of the Six Darshans. Topics related to mechanical life forms were also popular until they were banned by the Akademiya.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into the Hinterland}}</ref>

==Members==
{{Characters by Category List|Spantamad|2
|exclude=<!--sage's name-->
|full_header=<!--[[someone]] is the Sage of Spantamad.<br>-->There are '''%PAGES%''' <!--other -->[[character]]s who are or were part of Spantamad
}}

==Trivia== 
* [[Pursina]], who created [[Pursina's Spikes]], is mentioned as having a deep understanding of ley lines, which allowed her to develop such a device. However, it is unclear whether she was a member of Spantamad or not.
* The [[Glittering Elixirs]] Web Event features some potions and elixirs that could be taught at the Spantamad Darshan.
* Spantamad has produced many talented individuals and, as a result, is the Darshan with the highest percentage of champions in the [[Interdarshan Championship]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sachin's Article}}</ref>
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}
===Etymology===
* Like the other Six Darshans, the name {{Lang|"Spantamad"|zh=悉般多摩}}<ref name="WDSD">{{Ref/Quest|Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?|note=Chinese version}}</ref> is derived from a {{w|Zoroastianism|Zoroastrian}} deity. {{w|Spenta Armaiti}}, also known as Spandarmad in Middle Persian, is a goddess associated with the earth and death. In the Avestan language, "Armaiti" refers to regulative thoughts regarding the physical laws of nature. In the Gathas, the ''Spantamadgah'' is also the name of the third chapter, which focuses on creation.<ref>Niousha Eslahchi: [https://etd.ohiolink.edu/apexprod/rws_etd/send_file/send?accession=kent1595845477078896&disposition=inline How Pronunciation Affects Melody in the Zorastrian Hymn "The Water's Birthday"] (PDF thesis)</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Spantamad
|zhs     = 素论派 / 悉般多摩
|zhs_rm  = Sùlùn-pài / Xībānduōmó
|zht     = 素論派 / 悉般多摩
|zht_rm  = Sùlùn-pài / Xībānduōmó
|zh_tl   = School of Elemental Theory / Spantamad
|ja      = 素論派 / スパンタマッド
|ja_rm   = Soron-ha<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref> / Supantamaddo
|ja_tl   = Spantamad
|ko      = 소론<->파 / 스판타마드
|ko_tl   = School of Elemental Theory{{Sino|ko}} / Spantamad
|es      = Escuela de Elementalismo / Spantamad
|es_tl   = School of Elementalism / Spantamad
|fr      = Spantamad
|ru      = Спантамад
|th      = ภาควิชาทฤษฎีธาตุ / Spantamad / Aramati
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Department of Elemental Theory / Spantamad / Aramati
|vi      = Spantamad
|de      = Spantamad / Stoffkunde
|de_tl   = Spantamad / Science of Substances
|id      = Spantamad
|pt      = Spantamad / Departamento de Teoria Elemental<ref name="I, Researcher" />
|pt_tl   = Spantamad / Department of Elemental Theory
|tr      = Spantamad
|it      = Spantamad
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.2}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Facultad Spantamad]]
[[fr:Spantamad]]
[[ja:素論派]]
[[pl:Spantamad]]