{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00362
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Sparks Amongst the Pages.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 9
|startLocation = [[Galesong Hill]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|prev          = Knights of Favonius (Quest)
|next          = Shadow Over Mondstadt
|concurrent    = Winds of the Past
|concurrent2   = Crash Course
|domain        = Deep Within the Temple of the Lion
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 3,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Lisa}}{{Card|Otherworldly Story|1}}{{Card|Character EXP|1,550}}{{Card|Enhancement Ore|3}}{{Card|Breeze Amidst the Forest|link=Breeze Amidst the Forest Supplement: The Dragon Tome|Vol 2|type=Book|rarity=3}}{{Card|Anemoculus|1}}
|characters    = Lisa;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=9}}

==Steps==
# Meet [[Lisa]] at the Temple
# Talk to Lisa
# Enter the temple
#* Enter [[Temple of the Lion]]'s Quest Domain: [[Deep Within the Temple of the Lion]]
# Talk to Lisa
#* Lisa will join the party as a trial character
# Explore the temple's depths
# Destroy Stormterror's crystal in the Temple of the Lion
# Leave the temple

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Lisa]] is in charge of clearing the [[Deep Within the Temple of the Lion]] alongside you.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Lisa)
:{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hey cutie.
:{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You're going to help me out too? How kind of you.
:{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Don't hesitate to come to me if you need anything.
:{{DIcon}} What kind of things does a librarian do?
::{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 04a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Good question.
::{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 04a 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Basically, things other than that which require brawn... or brains.
::{{A|vo mdaq032 2 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... what does that leave?
:{{DIcon}} Why would a librarian be at the ruins...?
::{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 04b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmm... Good question.
::{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 04b 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, because Jean trusts me.
::{{A|vo mdaq032 2 lisa 04b 3.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So you should as well.

;(Talk to Lisa again)
:'''Lisa:''' Even standing out here, the disturbance of the elemental flow inside is making me uncomfortable.
:'''Lisa:''' Let's get this temple back to its normal state, so I can be a little less... tense.
----
;(Approach Lisa in the temple)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 4 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I guess I could give this a go.
:;(Lisa joins you as a trial character in the domain)

;(Walk further into the temple)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I knew it. There is a strong elemental energy coming from deep within this temple.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Paimon, are you able to float across?
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can't do much even if she does.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Good point. We'd better start looking for a way to get up there then.

;(Approach the wind current)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Let's ride this wind current, shall we?

;(Approach the Pyro slime)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Leave it to me.

;(Enter the next room)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It's an Electro Monument.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' No wonder. Let me try to activate it with a bit of Electro power. Stand back, sweeties.

;(After defeating the opponents in both rooms)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' When it comes to Wet enemies, I've got them covered.

;(Approach a wind current)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh, another wind current. Let's ride it up from here.

;(After defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Chain lightning can be set off between Electro-Charged opponents.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 11.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The electrical discharge caused by friction is only a little less shocking than love at first sight.

;(Exit the room)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 12.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh, you want to know about this gem?
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 13.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You're kidding... You're seriously asking? This is a [[Vision]].
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 14.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It's used by the chosen to draw on elemental powers.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 15.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' In terms of mysticism, I suppose you could call it a "magical lightning rod."

;(After crossing the moving platforms)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 16.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' What... You've never seen a Vision? Just where exactly are you from...?
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 17.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Are you a hilichurl with some level of reasonable intelligence?
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 18.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' No, I doubt it. After all, hilichurls aren't exactly known for their smarts.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 5 lisa 19.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And you, you'd more or less qualify to be a magister's apprentice.

;(Approach Stormterror's crystal)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Break it and we can head home and relax.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The thought of putting my feet up and relaxing has me all fired up!

;(After destroying Stormterror's crystal)
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Dragon of the East, Lion of the South, Wolf of the North, Falcon of the West...
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' They are the Four Winds of Mondstadt, affiliated with Barbatos, the God of Anemo.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The Dragon of the East, Stormterror &mdash; its real name, is Dvalin.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Though most in Mondstadt seem to have forgotten that in all this "Stormterror" business.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So now you know why Dvalin is only able to channel three of the Four Winds' power.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Because it has been consuming itself from the beginning.
:{{DIcon}} Why?
:{{DIcon}} Why would it go to such lengths?
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Because of hatred, I presume.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hatred...?
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hatred for Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 11.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hatred drove it to become something more powerful than the wind itself &mdash; to become Stormterror.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would one of The Four Winds...
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hate the city it was supposed to protect?
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 12.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 13.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' As a child of Mondstadt, it's something that's really hard to say aloud.
:{{A|vo mdaq033 6 lisa 14.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Here, take this. It's a very old story from more than a century ago.
:;(Obtain [[Breeze Amidst the Forest Supplement: The Dragon Tome]])
----
<!--Verified that this dialogue branch is not possible to trigger.
:<small>''(If the player has not collected an [[Anemoculus]] before entering the domain)''</small>
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, it's finally done.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, all that "ley flow" and "elemental lines" stuff Lisa was going on about should hopefully be back to normal.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wanna go back and see how the {{Color|buzzword|Knights}} are doing?
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if you got anything more interesting to do, Paimon can come too!
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Like... going on a shopping spree... or checking out the {{Color|buzzword|Statue of The Seven}} again.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At the temples of The Four Winds, we found something like... solidified wind, didn't we?
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In Mondstadt, people call them "Anemoculi."
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're called this because they can be fitted into the statue's eyes.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some fairy tales say the statues' eyes originally had gems that were taken by swallows.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Anemoculi never had a physical form from the start.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' People with Visions collect them to offer to the {{Color|buzzword|statues}} in exchange for blessings.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Unlike others with powers, you don't have a Vision. But then the rules of this world don't apply to you anyway so...
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can go see what happens right now, if you wanna try!
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The statue in Windrise should be the closest one.
::{{A|vo mdaq035 3a paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't wait to see what the gods do to you!
:<small>''(If the player has collected an [[Anemoculus]] before)''</small>
-->
;(After leaving the temple - if this is the third temple that has been cleared, the skies clear up)
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, it's finally done.
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, all that "ley flow" and "elemental lines" stuff Lisa was going on about should hopefully be back to normal.
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wanna go back and see how the {{Color|buzzword|Knights}} are doing?
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if you got anything more interesting to do, Paimon can come too!
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, we obtained another Anemoculus in one of The Four Winds' temples, right?
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We might come across more of them in the future, so don't forget to offer them to the Statues!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Tutorial/Sparks Amongst the Pages}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/-C03YdpUyY8
|caption1 = Deep Within the Temple of the Lion Domain Guide (7 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sparks Amongst the Pages
|zhs     = 书页里的电火花
|zhs_rm  = Shūyè Lǐ de Diànhuǒhuā
|zht     = 書頁裡的電火花
|zht_rm  = Shūyè Lǐ de Diànhuǒhuā
|zh_tl   = Electric Sparks in the Pages of a Book
|ja      = 本の中の静電気
|ja_rm   = Hon no Naka no Seidenki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Static Electricity in the Book
|ko      = 페이지 속의 스파크
|ko_rm   = Peiji Sogui Seupakeu
|ko_tl   = Sparks in the Pages
|es      = Chispas entre las páginas
|es_tl   = Sparks Between the Pages
|fr      = Étincelles entre les pages
|fr_tl   = Sparks Between the Pages
|ru      = Искры среди страниц
|ru_tl   = Sparks Amongst the Pages
|th      = ประกายไฟในหน้าหนังสือ
|th_rm   = Prakaifai nai na nang sue
|th_tl   = Electric Sparks Amongst Book Pages
|vi      = {{tt|Điện Hỏa Hoa|電火花}} Trong Trang Sách
|vi_tl   = Electric Sparks in the Pages of a Book{{Sino|vi|part=1}}
|de      = Der Funke zwischen den Seiten
|de_tl   = The Spark Between the Pages
|id      = Percikan di Antara Buku-Buku
|id_tl   = Spark Between the Books
|pt      = Faíscas Entre as Páginas
|pt_tl   = Sparks Between the Pages
|tr      = Sayfalar Arasındaki Kıvılcımlar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Scintille tra le pagine
|it_tl   = Sparks Between the Pages
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Chispas entre las páginas]]
[[fr:Étincelles entre les pages]]
[[id:Percikan di Antara Buku-Buku]]
[[ja:本の中の静電気]]
[[pl:Iskry pośród stron]]
[[pt-br:Faíscas Entre as Páginas]]
[[th:ประกายไฟในหน้าหนังสือ]]
[[vi:Điện Hỏa Hoa Trong Trang Sách]]