{{Cleanup|Contains highly dubious information}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
|region       = Teyvat
}}
'''Species''' (aka '''race''') is a term used in ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' to split various unique creatures in the world of [[Teyvat]] into separate groups.

Some races are capable of interbreeding, most often recorded with humans. Over the course of time, many non-human races have dwindled in number or have had their bloodlines thin out due to death or interbreeding with humans.

==Known Species==
* '''[[Aranara]]:''' A plantlike race created by [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]].<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Aranara}}</ref>
* '''[[Dragon]]:''' Powerful reptilian creatures with elemental powers.
** [[Vishap]]
*** [[Reptilian]]
* '''Elf-like Race:''' A race blessed with longevity. Their long, pointed ears are a noteworthy characteristic.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered}}</ref><ref group="Note">Alice and Klee's race is left unnamed in the original Chinese text and the English localization; the closest direct mention to elves is in [[Venti]]'s description of their "long elf ears" during ''[[The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!]]''</ref>
**[[Alice]]
**[[Klee]]<!--
The following characters feature elf-like ears, but that is not enough proof that they are the same race, as nothing currently says that they also have a longer lifespan. As for Nahida and Rukkhadevata, they are both Archons, so who knows how that interferes with their appearance and lifespan anyways.
**[[Layla]]
**[[Nahida]]
**[[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]
**[[Iansan]]
**[[Pulcinella]]-->
* '''Human:''' A species that showed up after 400 yrs of the [[Primordial One]] terraforming Teyvat.
* '''[[Illuminated Beast]]:''' Sometimes generalized as [[adepti]]. A general name for supernatural creatures in [[Liyue]], although their only shared trait is their possession of supernatural abilities; the adepti were granted illumination by [[Morax]].
** Qilin
** Xiezhi
** [[Yaksha]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|End of the Line (Quest)}}</ref>
* '''[[Lochfolk]]:''' Familiars of the previous Hydro Archon who take on a fairy-like form made of water.
* '''[[Seelie]]:''' A once mighty and wise race which lived to guide humanity. They were born with a curse which reduced them to small, wisp-like forms should they fall in love with humans.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|For the Children of the Past}}</ref>
* '''Wolf:''' A large canine creature. The wolves in [[Mondstadt]] are led by the Lupus Boreas, [[Andrius]].
* '''[[Youkai]]:''' A general name for supernatural creatures in [[Inazuma]].
** [[Kitsune]]
** [[Oni]]
** [[Tanuki]]
** [[Tengu]]
** Umibouzu<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Watatsumi Island|quote=According to legends told by Inazuman sailors, there was once a race of sea beasts that were fierce but surprisingly akin to humanity known as the Umibouzu. Today, these sea beasts are very rare indeed.}}</ref>
**Kappa<ref name="Haunted Tales">{{Ref/Quest|Haunted Tales}}</ref>
**Hitotsume Kozou<ref name="Haunted Tales" />

===Half-Humans===
On top of the existence of mixed-ancestry individuals from the list of races above, such as [[Ganyu]] and [[Yanfei]] as half-illuminated beasts, humanoids with animalistic traits can be seen in the world of Teyvat. Oftentimes, the details about such people's lineages are left unaddressed or only partially discussed.

The following is an additional list of known part-human, part-animal races, lineages, and individuals:

* '''[[Gorou]]:''' A human with dog-like ears and a tail. Gorou's ancestry is left unaddressed.
* '''[[Kätzlein Bloodline]]:''' A lineage of humanoids in [[Mondstadt]] with feline traits, notably in their ears and tail.
* '''[[Tighnari]]'s race:''' A race of humanoids with prominent fox-like ears which originally lived in the desert.
* '''[[Sucrose]]:''' Half-human, half-animal of indeterminate species. Sucrose herself is uncertain of what she is.
* '''Vassals of Watatsumi:''' A half-human, half-snake race created by [[Orobashi]]. Its last known surviving member is [[Tsumi]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[Category:Species| ]]