{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19106
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Diona
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Cat and the Cocktail
|description   = Diona wants to look for some flavoring for her cocktail.
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = [[The Cat and the Cocktail]]
|prev          = The Cat's Tail's Bartender
|next          = Exchanging Pointers
|characters    = Blanche; Connor; Diona; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Special Cocktailing Condiments''' is a quest in the third branch of [[Diona]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[The Cat and the Cocktail]].

==Steps==
* Talk to Diona
* Explore and collect Cocktail ingredients
** Give the [[Fresh Fish (Diona)|Fresh Fish]] to Diona
** Give the [[Fresh Slime Condensate]] to Diona

==Dialogue==
===Special Cocktailing Condiments===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Diona)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 blanche 01.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Welcome, is there anything you need?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hello Blanche, I came to pick up my order!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 blanche 02.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Diona! Let me see...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 blanche 03.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Yes... fifteen Lizard Tails, seven vials of Butterfly Dust... Hmm, everything other than the bottle of Frog Mucus is ready.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' No rush on that, I'll take whatever's ready. Someone from the tavern will come to settle the bill later.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 blanche 04.ogg}} '''Blanche:''' Alright, thank you for your business~
:{{DIcon}} What are these...?
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Have you forgotten already? I told you, these are ingredients for flavoring drinks.
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' This is a list of ingredients that I put together after consulting many people. The ones we picked up today were primarily from an alchemist named Timaeus, he's recommended many ingredients to me.
:{{DIcon}} These look more like alchemy ingredients...
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well... hehe, yeah, I did ask Timaeus before about what ingredients they use to improve the taste of alchemic medicine...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' He mentioned things like Lizard Tails and Crystal Cores. But I think Crystal Cores overlap too much with the texture of ice cubes, so I chose not to use them.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I have, however, always wanted to try Frog Mucus. According to Timaeus, it can make the texture of a drink as thick as mud! Haha! Meow...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Now all we have left to get is some Fish Scales and Slime Condensate...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910601 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Let's search for those in the wild. Once we have everything, I can make you that drink.

;(Talk to Diona in Springvale)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910602 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ahh, we made it! Whether it's the meat, skin, or tails, the fish here have great texture and quality. Mmm...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910602 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' They also have a strong but interesting grass-like scent to the meat and scales here, too.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910602 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Most people can't handle it, but to the foodies that have unique tastes, it's amazing.
:{{DIcon}} You sure know a lot about fish.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910602 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' What? No! No, I just overheard stuff from a bunch of old drunks while I was making drinks. Ugh, please. It's not like I went out of my way to learn about fish or anything!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910602 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Anyways, just go down there and catch us a few [[Fresh Fish (Diona)|fresh fish]]. I have way too many ingredients here and it'd be a hassle for me.
:(Obtain [[Fresh Fish (Diona)]] ×3)

;(Talk to Diona after harvesting fish)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910604 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Did you catch any fresh fish?
:;(After submitting Fresh Fish)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910603 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Wow, you swim really well, and you're almost as good at catching fish as the cats I look after.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910603 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' First we need to scrape off the scales oh, and make sure you also collect the mucus on the fish...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910603 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ooh! Whoa, the smell of fish... along with that unique grassy smell... it's... so strong! But that's okay, it's the potent aroma we need!
:{{DIcon}} Uh, I'm going to go stand as far as possible from this stuff.
:{{DIcon}} I really need to wash my hands.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910603 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Heh, it's too much for you, huh? Hmm, I guess I can understand. You're not a professional bartender, after all, your tolerance for special ingredients is not like mine.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910603 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Alright, that'll just about do it. Soaking the scales in the mucus collected from the fish will help preserve them for now.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910603 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Next, we need to get some Slime Condensate. I know a place with a ton of slimes, let's go.
:(Obtain [[Fresh Fish Scales]] ×3)
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Chance Encounter...?===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Diona by the Dawn Winery)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910604 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Look, the slimes we're looking for are just ahead.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910604 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh, if I go after those slimes, I might ruin all the ingredients I have with me. And that would be bad...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910604 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Can you defeat those slimes and bring me the Slime Condensate?
:(Obtain [[Fresh Slime Condensate]] ×3)

;(Talk to Diona after defeating the slimes)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910607 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Did you get the [[Fresh Slime Condensate|Slime Condensate]]?
:;(After submitting Fresh Slime Condensate)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Great job! Quick and precise. Only people who don't drink can fight like that!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hm! I think Slime Condensate will intensify the taste and texture of the drink, hehehe...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmm... You might be a little unfamiliar, but aside from the taste of the alcohol, those old drunkards are also very keen on the texture of the drink. They've even invented a number of phrases to describe it.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' For example, "sticky like honey," or "refreshing as the springs." Blergh...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' They use beautified ways of describing their drinks. But, drinking is drinking. It doesn't matter how you make it sound, alcohol is still a terrible thing.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh. The reason why I wanna use Slime Condensate is because I want a dense, sticky consistency.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Once I put this into a drink, I'm sure it'll preserve its form and start absorbing the alcohol quickly...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Those old boozers wanted to try something different, huh? Hehe. Well, they can try this sticky, gooey Drunken Slime!
:{{DIcon}} Why do you want to use this to make drinks?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' So I can make the worst drink conceivable and show everyone the true nature of alcohol.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' In order to attract customers, taverns use all kinds of strategies and schemes to make people believe that alcohol is not only good, but a necessity!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' They use special ingredients, come up with fancy names, and promote limited-time drinks for holidays and events. They come up with all kinds of reasons to get people drinking.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 12.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And Dawn Winery is the heart of it all. They have no boundaries when it comes to selling alcohol.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 13.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Their one and only goal is to make sure that people keep drinking, and that their own pockets get filled with Mora.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 14.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Not only is it a crime, but it's also a scam! No good can come from alcohol!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 15.ogg}} '''Diona:''' My mission is to make the worst drink ever, and to wake people up and free Mondstadt from the jaws of alcoholism.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 16.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That is why I'm always searching for new ingredients and experimenting with them.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 17.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh, however... up until now, I haven't been able to make a single bad drink, no matter what ingredients I use! All the drinks I mix only make those deadbeat drunks all the happier! Ugh!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 18.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I've already lost track of how many kinds of ingredients I've tried. I've even used ingredients way more unusual than this and have yet to ever succeed.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 19.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I really don't know what I need to do to make the most horrendous drink in the world! Meow...
:{{DIcon}} How about trying a different way of making drinks?
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 20.ogg}} '''Diona:''' A different way?
:{{DIcon}} How do you usually make your drinks?
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 21.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I've always stuck to my own way of making drinks, although I've watched other bartenders before and learned a bit from them as well.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 22.ogg}} '''Diona:''' What are you trying to say? That my methods aren't professional enough?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 23.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmph! Believe you me, I've done my research! I've studied how to handle a shaker, adjust the temperature of the glasses, and even the subtle techniques of stirring...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we start by looking at your mixing technique?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 24.ogg}} '''Diona:''' My mixing technique? You're saying the reason I can't make terrible drinks is because of my technique?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 25.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmm... It's true that I've never been professionally trained. But I hear from the old drunkards that it's really complicated, that every step must be precise, that even the slightest mistake is unacceptable...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 26.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Or else...
:{{DIcon}} Or else the drink will taste bad?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 27.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That... That was right! Or else the drink will taste bad!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 28.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I&mdash;I see, I've never thought of it this way before...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 29.ogg}} '''Diona:''' First, we need to find someone to ask about the techniques of mixing a great drink. Then we use the same ingredients...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 30.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And purposely mess up every step of the process!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 31.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Haha, yeah! This might finally work, woohoo! Wait a second, how did you come up with this idea? You don't secretly drink a lot, do you? Grr...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think anyone in this world would ever sell me alcohol...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 32.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That's a good thing. It'd be best to never have a single drop.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 33.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Alright then, first I need to find a professional bartender. One that I could consult about the ways of mixing a drink professionally.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 34.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Now where could I find someone? Ugh, does this mean I need to go to Angel's Share? ...Or Dawn Winery?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 35.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Nope, nope, uh-uh, never! I refuse to ever set paw in those places... Don't even ask. I have my own reasons.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 36.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Let's head back first, we've collected plenty of ingredients. As for the mixing techniques... I'll figure out another way.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 01.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Diona? And this is... Oh, it's the Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 02.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Oh, what a coincidence running into you two here. Are you out collecting ingredients? So what are you planning to whip up this time? It's always a surprise to see what you make.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 03.ogg}} '''Connor:''' I myself know a thing or two about mixing drinks, but Elzer tells me that my drinks can't even compare to Diona's... They seem to lack that "special something."
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 04.ogg}} '''Connor:''' I've been looking for some inspiration, but I've been stuck in a rut. I'm not sure whether it's the traditional techniques I use, or if I'm just too conservative with my ingredients.
:{{DIcon}} This is your opportunity to ask about mixing techniques!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 37.ogg}} '''Diona:''' You mean I should ask him for some professional pointers?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 38.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmm... alright. Perhaps he'll do.
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to ask you about your techniques for mixing drinks.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 39.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Yeah, umm... You're trying to find new mixing inspiration... and I'm trying some new recipes out. Maybe we can... exchange some ideas, hmm?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 05.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Oh! Why, I'd be honored! No problem at all!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 40.ogg}} '''Diona:''' However, for the ingredients, we must use the ones I've just collected. I have Lizard Tails, Butterfly Dust, Fish Scales, and Slime Condensate.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 06.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Hmm... we need to use these materials, huh? Well I guess it's time for me to expand my repertoire as well...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 07.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Let's go back to the winery. I have some basic mixing tools there.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 41.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Y&mdash;You mean we have to go to Dawn Winery? Couldn't we also go to Angel's Share? I mean, they have a full range of mixing tools...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 08.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Hmm... Well, you are the bartender at the Cat's Tail, right?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 09.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Given that the Cat's Tail and Angel's Share are competitors, it would be rather inappropriate if you were to mix drinks there. That would probably cause quite a bit of trouble for Margaret as well.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 10.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Besides, there are many loyal patrons at Angel's Share. With your reputation, it'd cause quite a commotion if you were to be seen mixing drinks there.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 11.ogg}} '''Connor:''' In any case, I wouldn't recommend going to Angel's Share. Besides, the winery's close by, there's no need for us to go so far.
:{{DIcon}} (Is it me, or was that a rehearsed speech?)
:{{DIcon}} (It feels like he's been practicing this speech...)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 42.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Speaking of the winery, won't that guy Elzer be there?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 12.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Elzer? Sure, he'll be there, but he's been busy lately taking care of guild matters. Why do you ask?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 43.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmph, just as long as he's not around. Our little exchange here is between just the two of us, it'd be best if others don't get involved.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 44a.ogg}} {{A|vo dancop001 1910605 diona 44b.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well, except for the Traveler here, we've been out collecting ingredients together. (He/She)'s kinda like... my assistant. (He/She)'ll be allowed to participate.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910605 connor 13.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Haha um... Haha, fine by me. Shall we get going? The winery isn't far, we'll be there in no time.
:;(Proceed to [[Exchanging Pointers]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Special Cocktailing Condiments
|zhs     = 特殊的调酒辅料
|zhs_rm  = Tèshū de Tiáo Jiǔ Fǔliào
|zht     = 特殊的調酒副材料
|zht_rm  = Tèshū de Tiáo Jiǔ Fǔcáiliào
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 特殊な材料
|ja_rm   = Tokushu-na Zairyou
|ja_tl   = Special Ingredients
|ko      = 특별한 칵테일 보조 재료
|ko_rm   = Teukbyeolhan Kakteil Bojo Jaeryo
|ko_tl   = Special Cocktail Aid Ingredients
|es      = Ingredientes especiales para coctelería
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Arômes pour cocktail spécial
|fr_tl   = Flavors for Special Cocktail
|ru      = Особенные добавки для коктейля
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ส่วนผสมปรุงรสสุดล้ำ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phụ liệu pha rượu đặc biệt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zutaten für das Spezialgetränk
|de_tl   = Ingredients for the Special Drink
|id      = Bahan Tambahan Koktail Spesial
|id_tl   = Special Cocktail Condiments
|pt      = Ingredientes complementares Especiais para Coquetéis
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}