{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19020
|image         = Hangout Event Special Training.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Gorou
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Canine General's Special Operations
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Accidental Encounter
|next          = 
|characters    = Gorou; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Special Training''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Canine General's Special Operations}}.

==Steps==
# Go to Ritou, ever-bustling with commercial activity
#Go to the wilds of Narukami Island where the Fatui are
# Defeat the attacking Fatui
#* Wave 1:
#** {{Enemy|Fatui Electro Cicin Mage|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Fatui Pyroslinger Bracer|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Fatui Geochanter Bracer|x=1}}
#* Wave 2:
#** {{Enemy|Fatui Geochanter Bracer|x=2}}
#** {{Enemy|Fatui Anemoboxer Vanguard|x=1}}
# Hit the Inazuma City streets
#Go to a quiet spot

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 8
|character_name          = Gorou
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Favonius Warbow
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 21,487
|atk8                    = 1,437
|def8                    = 765
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 193.5%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
===Professional Imitator===
{{Quest Description|To help Gorou exorcise his fears, you play the roles of people he is not good at dealinig with. However...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Ritou)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So this is Ritou.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Although it looks slightly gloomy, it feels very peaceful here. I don't see any Tenryou Commission soldiers roaming the streets... What a nice place.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Okay, let's get started! I'll be me, and you be a shrewd and savvy businesswoman.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, it's you. You came all this way to see me?
:{{DIcon}} Welcome to Tsukumomono Groceries, we've got everything you need...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hi, so... a lot of the soldiers have been complaining about a shortage of blankets recently.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So, uh... ten blankets, please.
:{{DIcon}} 20,000 Mora.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Okay, I'll settle the check right away...
:{{DIcon}} That's it? Just like that?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The price seems pretty cheap to me. In which case, no need to haggle, right?
:{{DIcon}} 200,000 Mora, then.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I think that's still not too bad... Is that supposed to be really expensive?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm sorry, in the past, Her Excellency has always handled procurement of military supplies.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I don't know the specific prices of these items, so I never really know how to respond...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This won't get us anywhere. I have to haggle to give you the chance to use your wily tricks on me. What do we do now?
:{{DIcon}} Let's switch to something that you're more interested in.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Something I'm more interested in? Hmm...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Maybe, um... cake?
:{{DIcon}} 100,000 Mora for a slice of cake.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That's so expensive! I know what a fair price is when it comes to cake!
:{{DIcon}} If you want to bargain, you'll have to do as I say.
:{{DIcon}} If you can do one little thing for me...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wait a sec, if you think about this from another angle...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' A cake that costs 100,000 Mora per slice must be so much better than a regular cake!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Lemme see, I've been saving up recently &mdash; I think I should have enough...
:{{DIcon}} ???
:{{DIcon}} Hold on.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 18.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So... there isn't really a kind of cake that costs 100,000 Mora per slice?
:{{DIcon}} I really don't think so...
:{{DIcon}} I... don't know...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 19.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What a shame.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 20.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I feel like role-playing as a vendor is a little outside our area of expertise. Hmm, what kind of person do we both see regularly enough to impersonate convincingly?
:{{DIcon}} I think I've met Fatui with the right kind of personality...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 21.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Fatui? Then it looks like a trip into the wild is in order.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902001 gorou 22.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's go give it a try!
----
;(Go to the wilds of Narukami Island where the Fatui are)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I've dealt with Fatui before, but I always end up against those big stocky guys who are much taller than me.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm sure I must train just as hard as they do every day, but somehow, I still don't have the muscles to show for it. Maybe I'll start to see the results in a few more years.
:{{DIcon}} I can't wait to see that.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Right? Haha... I mean, at the very least, I need to look more muscular than my subordinates.
:{{DIcon}} I like you just the way you are.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Really? That's very kind. But still, I think that I should aim to look more muscular than my subordinates at the very least.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I know that people's trust in me has nothing to do with my size, but if I were taller and bulkier, they'd be able to identify me from behind more easily when charging into battle.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That way, our forces wouldn't scatter so easily. As long as I was on the field, they'd be able to follow me.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah, enough of that. Let's get back to it! Who are you going to role-play as this time?
:{{DIcon}} The more, the merrier!
:{{DIcon}} Are you... here to play with me?
:{{DIcon}} Let me amuse myself a little...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I smell danger!
:{{DIcon}} Hehe, it's just me.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like I was pretty convincing.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Really? Huh, for a moment there, I could have sworn the actual Fatui were right here...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' No, wait {{Traveler}}... behind you!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902002 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It wasn't my imagination, they really are here. Prepare to engage!
;(Defeat the attacking Fatui)
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's all fun and games until the real Fatui show up, huh...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That little interruption has really ruined the mood for me. Let's not do any more Fatui impressions for today.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It seems in poor taste after the trouble they caused in Watatsumi Island, anyway... Do we have any other options?
:{{DIcon}} There's only one thing for it.
:{{DIcon}} Time for plan Z.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmm. What do you mean...?
:{{DIcon}} Let's cut to the chase!
:{{DIcon}} I'll imitate the person you fear the most.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' !!!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I&mdash;Isn't this moving a little too fast?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency advocates slow and steady progress in all things, and cautions against trying to advance too quickly.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' To clarify, it's not that I'm scared, it's just that I don't know if the time is right...
:{{DIcon}} Be brave and give it a try.
:{{DIcon}} It's time to take this step.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I guess you're right. Thanks for your encouragement, it's not like me to shy away from a challenge like this.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902003 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's do it &mdash; time for a make-or-break training exercise!
{{Dialogue End}}

===That Didn't Work?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Hit the Inazuma City streets)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' And we're back.
:{{DIcon}} Ready?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Don't worry. My head's in the game this time.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I am a high-ranking military officer of Watatsumi Island and the general of the resistance. Whatever tricks you've got up your sleeve, you're not going to get to me.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So bring it on!
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like you won't mind if I don't go easy on you?
:{{DIcon}} How adorable.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This feels like...
:{{DIcon}} Let's see that gorgeous tail!
:{{DIcon}} Go on, let me rub your ears!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes, it definitely feels like...
:{{DIcon}} Like Yae Miko?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' No, not even slightly.
:{{DIcon}} ???
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's not that you do a bad impression of her. More like... something is missing.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I finally realized it when you were talking to me just now. I think that maybe what I'm really afraid of is her knowing smile and her piercing gaze.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It just makes me feel like all my secrets have nowhere to hide, like she can just peer in and see them. But it's different with you. I trust you, so I don't feel I need to hide my secrets in the first place.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Even when you're imitating the way she speaks, I don't feel afraid. Because we've fought side by side in the past, and I know I don't have to have my guard up around you.
:{{DIcon}} That makes sense...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' *sigh*... But it also means that this training won't work.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I just have to accept that this is a weakness of mine, as much as it pains me to do so.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The thought of having to live with this weakness forever is frustrating...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we go buy some cake?
:{{DIcon}} Surely some cake will cheer you up.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Are you serious? I'd love that!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I haven't eaten anything sweet in a long time...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Off we go! Let's go buy some cake!
:{{Black Screen|''You go to buy some cake together with Gorou''}}
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902004 gorou 18.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Alright! The next step is to find somewhere nice and quiet...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The training hasn't been all that successful, but having some cake with Gorou is pretty alright too!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the spot)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Mmm... mmm... this is so good!
:{{DIcon}} You don't get to eat cake very often?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's certainly a rarity in the camp.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's seen as a luxury item in the ranks of the resistance... we have special meals on occasion, but even then, it usually means meat and wine &mdash; not dessert.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So, thank you for treating me to some cake.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The only downside with Narukami Island's pastries is that they're such exquisite things, you can't just chow down on them.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But as Her Excellency says, a general needs to show patience and restraint...
:{{DIcon}} Want to try my cake?
:{{DIcon}} I don't mind sharing it if you want some.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wow, uh... d&mdash;don't mind if I do!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902005 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's so sweet...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Desserts Are the Best!===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Desserts Are the Best!
|ending name_alt = Desserts Are The Best
|character       = Gorou
|act             = 1
|description     = And so is being happy.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Special Training
|zhs     = 特别训练
|zhs_rm  = Tèbié Xùnliàn
|zht     = 特別訓練
|zht_rm  = Tèbié Xùnliàn
|zh_tl   = Special Training
|ja      = 特別訓練
|ja_rm   = Tokubetsu Kunren
|ja_tl   = Special Training
|ko      = 특별 훈련
|ko_rm   = Teukppyeol Hullyeon
|ko_tl   = Special Training
|es      = Entrenamiento especial
|es_tl   = Special Training
|fr      = Entraînement spécial
|fr_tl   = Special Training
|ru      = Специальная тренировка
|ru_tl   = Special Training
|th      = การฝึกพิเศษ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Special Training
|vi      = Huấn Luyện Đặc Biệt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Spezialtraining
|de_tl   = Special Training
|id      = Pelatihan Khusus
|id_tl   = Special Training
|pt      = Treinamento Especial
|pt_tl   = Special Training
|tr      = Özel İdman
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Addestramento speciale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}