{{Event Tabs
|rootpage = Spices From the West/2023-03-31
|subpage1 = Voice-Overs
|gallery  = false
}}
{{LanguageTabs|rootpage = Spices From the West/2023-03-31}}
__TOC__

==Character Voice-Overs==
For brevity and convenience, all voice-overs are labeled ''Like'', ''Neutral'', or ''Dislike''.
* For characters that were available during the previous event, please refer to [[Spices From the West/2022-05-14/Voice-Overs/Japanese|Spices From the West (2022-05-14) Voice-Overs]].
<table class="wikitable"><!--
--><tr><!--
   --><th width="75px">Character</th><!--
   --><th width="150px">Preferences</th><!--
   --><th>Voice-Overs</th><!--
--></tr><!--
-->{{VO Search by Title<!--
   -->|Alhaitham;Candace;Collei;Cyno;Dehya;Dori;Faruzan;Kuki Shinobu;Layla;Mika;Nahida;Nilou;Paimon;Shikanoin Heizou;Tighnari;Wanderer;Yaoyao<!--
   -->|Receiving a Gift: I;Receiving a Gift: II;Receiving a Gift: III<!--
   -->|lang=ja<!--
   -->|format=<tr><td rowspan="3">%CC%</td><th>Like</th><td>;</td></tr><tr><th>Neutral</th><td>;</td></tr><tr><th>Dislike</th><td>;</td></tr><!--

   -->|Mika_1_tx     =本当にありがとうございます…こういった料理はとても貴重で…食べてしまうのが惜しいです！コレクションとして、持って帰ってもいいでしょうか…？<!--
   -->|Mika_1_rm     =Hontou ni arigatou gozaimasu... Kou itta ryouri wa totemo kichou de... Tabete shimau no ga oshii desu! Korekushon to shite, motte kaette mo ii deshou ka...?<!--
   -->|Mika_1_tl     =Thank you so much... This dish is so precious... It would be a shame just to eat it! Could I take it back with me as part of a collection...?<!--

   -->|Mika_3_tx     =うぅ…何であれ、これはあなたが僕のために作ってくれた料理です…必ず、完食してみせます…！<!--
   -->|Mika_3_rm     =Uu... Nan de are, kore wa anata ga boku no tame ni tsukutte kureta ryouri desu... Kanarazu, kanshoku shite misemasu...!<!--
   -->|Mika_3_tl     =Ugh... Whatever it is, it's still a dish you made for me... I'll definitely finish it...!<!--

Paimon must be done fully manually as she does not have Voice-Over pages
   -->|Paimon_1_file = VO JA Paimon Receiving a Gift - 01.ogg<!-- lang prefix automatically added
   -->|Paimon_1_tx   = うわあ&mdash;&mdash;！こんなの、世界で一番美味しいとしか言いようがないぞ！えへへ…やっぱり、おまえはオイラに一番よくしてくれるぜ！<!--
   -->|Paimon_1_rm   = Uwaa{{lmdash}}! Konna no, sekai de ichiban oishii to shika iiyou ga nai zo! Ehehe... Yappari, omae wa oira ni ichiban yoku shite kureru ze!<!--
   -->|Paimon_1_tl   = Whooaa! This has to be the tastiest thing in the whole wide world! Hee-hee... You really do treat me the best!<!--

   -->|Paimon_2_file = VO JA Paimon Receiving a Gift - 02.ogg<!-- lang prefix automatically added
   -->|Paimon_2_tx   = わぁ！これ、すっごく美味しいぞ！おまえも食べてみろよ、一緒に食べようぜ！<!--
   -->|Paimon_2_rm   = Waa! Kore, suggoku oishii zo! Omae mo tabete miro yo, issho ni tabeyou ze!<!--
   -->|Paimon_2_tl   = Wow! This is super tasty! You should have some too. Let's eat together!<!--

   -->|Paimon_3      = '''Paimon does not feature a "Dislike" Voice-Over'''<!--
-->}}<!--
--></table>

[[Category:Event Subpages]]