{{Event Tabs
|rootpage = Spices From the West/2023-03-31
|subpage1 = Voice-Overs
|gallery  = false
}}
{{LanguageTabs|rootpage = Spices From the West/2023-03-31}}
__TOC__

==Character Voice-Overs==
For brevity and convenience, all voice-overs are labeled ''Like'', ''Neutral'', or ''Dislike''.
* For characters that were available during the previous event, please refer to [[Spices From the West/2022-05-14/Voice-Overs/Chinese|Spices From the West (2022-05-14) Voice-Overs]].
{{#tag:tabber|{{!}}-{{!}}Simplified=<h3 class="mobile-only">Simplified</h3>
<table class="wikitable"><!--
--><tr><!--
   --><th width="75px">Character</th><!--
   --><th width="150px">Preferences</th><!--
   --><th>Voice-Overs</th><!--
--></tr><!--
-->{{VO Search by Title<!--
   -->|Alhaitham;Candace;Collei;Cyno;Dehya;Dori;Faruzan;Kuki Shinobu;Layla;Mika;Nahida;Nilou;Paimon;Shikanoin Heizou;Tighnari;Wanderer;Yaoyao<!--
   -->|Receiving a Gift: I;Receiving a Gift: II;Receiving a Gift: III<!--
   -->|lang          = zh<!--
   -->|format        = <tr><td rowspan="3">%CC%</td><th>Like</th><td>;</td></tr><tr><th>Neutral</th><td>;</td></tr><tr><th>Dislike</th><td>;</td></tr><!--

   -->|Mika_1_tx     = 太感谢了…这道料理实在太珍贵…我怎么舍得吃！可以把它收藏起来吗？<!--
   -->|Mika_1_rm     = Tài gǎnxièle... Zhè dào liàolǐ shízài tài zhēnguì... Wǒ zěnme shědé chī! Kěyǐ bǎ tā shōucáng qǐlái ma?<!--
   -->|Mika_1_tl     = <!--

   -->|Mika_3_tx     = 唔…不管怎么样，这可是你为我做的饭菜…我一定会吃完的。<!--
   -->|Mika_3_rm     = N... Bùguǎn zěnmeyàng, zhè kěshì nǐ wèi wǒ zuò de fàncài... Wǒ yīdìng huì chīwán de.<!--
   -->|Mika_3_tl     = <!--

Paimon must be done fully manually as she does not have Voice-Over pages
   -->|Paimon_1_file = VO ZH Paimon Receiving a Gift - 01.ogg<!--
   -->|Paimon_1_tx   = 哇哇——！这简直就是世界上最美味的东西，欸嘿嘿，你对我最好了！<!--
   -->|Paimon_1_rm   = Wawa{{lmdash}}! Zhè jiǎnzhí jiùshì shìjiè shàng zuì měiwèi de dōngxi, eiheihei, nǐ duì wǒ zuì hǎole!<!--
   -->|Paimon_1_tl   = Wow&mdash;! This is simply the most delicious thing in the world! Hehehe, you treat me the best!<!--

   -->|Paimon_2_file = VO ZH Paimon Receiving a Gift - 02.ogg<!--
   -->|Paimon_2_tx   = 呜哇！这个味道很不错呀，你也来点吧~我们一起吃！<!--
   -->|Paimon_2_rm   = Wuwa! Zhège wèidào hěn bùcuò ya, nǐ yě lái diǎn ba~ Wǒmen yīqǐ chī!<!--
   -->|Paimon_2_tl   = Whoa! This tastes really good. You should try some too~ We can eat together!<!--

   -->|Paimon_3      = '''Paimon does not feature a "Dislike" Voice-Over'''<!--
-->}}<!--
--></table>
{{!}}-{{!}}Traditional=<h3 class="mobile-only">Traditional</h3>
<table class="wikitable"><!--
--><tr><!--
   --><th width="75px">Character</th><!--
   --><th width="150px">Preferences</th><!--
   --><th>Voice-Overs</th><!--
--></tr><!--
-->{{VO Search by Title<!--
   -->|Alhaitham;Candace;Collei;Cyno;Dehya;Dori;Faruzan;Kuki Shinobu;Layla;Mika;Nahida;Nilou;Paimon;Shikanoin Heizou;Tighnari;Wanderer;Yaoyao<!--
   -->|Receiving a Gift: I;Receiving a Gift: II;Receiving a Gift: III<!--
   -->|lang          = zht<!--
   -->|format        = <tr><td rowspan="3">%CC%</td><th>Like</th><td>;</td></tr><tr><th>Neutral</th><td>;</td></tr><tr><th>Dislike</th><td>;</td></tr><!--
   -->|Mika_1_tx     = 太感謝了…這道料理實在太珍貴…我怎麼捨得吃！可以把它收藏起來嗎？<!--
   -->|Mika_1_rm     = Tài gǎnxièle... Zhè dào liàolǐ shízài tài zhēnguì... Wǒ zěnme shědé chī! Kěyǐ bǎ tā shōucáng qǐlái ma?<!--
   -->|Mika_1_tl     = <!--
   -->|Mika_3_tx     = 唔…不管怎麼樣，這可是{{MC|你|妳}}為我做的飯菜…我一定會吃完的。<!--
   -->|Mika_3_rm     = N... Bùguǎn zěnmeyàng, zhè kěshì nǐ wèi wǒ zuò de fàncài... Wǒ yīdìng huì chīwán de.<!--
   -->|Mika_3_tl     = <!--

Paimon must be done fully manually as she does not have Voice-Over pages
   -->|Paimon_1_file = VO ZH Paimon Receiving a Gift - 01.ogg<!-- lang prefix automatically added
   -->|Paimon_1_tx   = 哇哇——！這簡直就是世界上最美味的東西，欸嘿嘿，{{MC|你|妳}}對我最好了！<!--
   -->|Paimon_1_rm   = Wawa{{lmdash}}! Zhè jiǎnzhí jiùshì shìjiè shàng zuì měiwèi de dōngxī, eiheihei, nǐ duì wǒ zuì hǎole!<!--
   -->|Paimon_1_tl   = Wow&mdash;! This is simply the most delicious thing in the world! Hehehe, you treat me the best!<!--

   -->|Paimon_2_file = VO ZH Paimon Receiving a Gift - 02.ogg<!-- lang prefix automatically added
   -->|Paimon_2_tx   = 嗚哇！這個味道很不錯呀，{{MC|你|妳}}也來點吧~我們一起吃！<!--
   -->|Paimon_2_rm   = Wuwa! Zhège wèidào hěn bùcuò ya, nǐ yě lái diǎn ba~ Wǒmen yīqǐ chī!<!--
   -->|Paimon_2_tl   = Whoa! This tastes really good. You should try some too~ We can eat together!<!--

   -->|Paimon_3      = '''Paimon does not feature a "Dislike" Voice-Over'''<!--
-->}}<!--
--></table>
}}

[[Category:Event Subpages]]