==Abyssal Moon Spire==
===Floor 11===
* '''Ley Line Disorder'''
** DMG dealt by [[claymore]]-wielding characters increased by 75%.
* '''Additional Effects'''
** In Chamber 2's First Half, one of the Ice Shieldwall Mitachurls is empowered with the '''Discharge''' ({{Cryo}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 2's First Half, the Cryo Abyss Mage is empowered with the '''Condensed Ice''' ({{Cryo}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 2's First Half, the Frostarm Lawachurl is empowered with the '''Ice Cage''' ({{Cryo}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 2's Second Half, the Mirror Maiden is empowered with the '''Discharge''' ({{Hydro}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 3's Second Half, the Thunderhelm Lawachurl is empowered with the '''Discharge''' ({{Electro}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 3's Second Half, the Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling is empowered with the '''Ice Cage''' ({{Cryo}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 3's Second Half, the Bolteater Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling is empowered with the '''Engulfing Storm''' ({{Electro}}) Aura.
{{Domain Enemies
|subheader1=Chamber 1
|level1=88
|target1=Target defense progress greater than 20/40/60%
|subsubheader1=First Half
|enemies1=Stonehide Lawachurl*1,Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl*3,Rock Shield Hilichurl Guard*9
|subsubheader2=Second Half
|enemies2=Kairagi: Dancing Thunder*1,Nobushi: Jintouban*2,Nobushi: Hitsukeban*1,Nobushi: Kikouban*1,Treasure Hoarders: Crusher*3,Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger*1,Treasure Hoarders: Seaman*1,Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer*1,Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer*2,Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer*1
|subheader3=Chamber 2
|level3=90
|target3=Remaining challenge time longer than 60/180/300 sec.
|subsubheader3=First Half
|enemies3=Cryo Abyss Mage*1,Frostarm Lawachurl*1,Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl*3
|subsubheader4=Second Half
|enemies4=Mirror Maiden*1,Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard*1,Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire*1,Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer*1,Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard*1
|subheader5=Chamber 3
|level5=92
|target5=Remaining challenge time longer than 180/300/420 sec.
|subsubheader5=First Half
|enemies5=Rockfond Rifthound*2,Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*6
|subsubheader6=Second Half
|enemies6=Thunderhelm Lawachurl*1,Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling*1,Bolteater Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling*1
}}

===Floor 12===
* '''Ley Line Disorder'''
** For this floor only, the ley line flow will be normal.
* '''Additional Effects'''
** In Chamber 1's Second Half, The Ruin Guard is empowered with the '''Rumbling Stone''' ({{Geo}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 1's Second Half, The Ruin Grader is empowered with the '''Rumbling Stone''' ({{Geo}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 1's Second Half, there is a {{Cryo}} Elemental Node that applies a massive resistance and defense buff to enemy units until the status has been removed with {{Pyro}}.
** In Chamber 2's First Half, the Large Cryo Slime that spawns during the second wave is empowered with the '''Ice Cage''' ({{Cryo}}) Aura.
** In Chamber 2's First Half, the Frostarm Lawachurl is empowered with the '''Condensed Ice''' ({{Cryo}}) Aura.
{{Domain Enemies
|subheader1=Chamber 1
|level1=95
|target1=Remaining challenge time longer than 180/300/420 sec.
|subsubheader1=First Half
|enemies1=Geovishap (Cryo), Geovishap (Electro),Cryo Whopperflower*3,Electro Whopperflower*3
|subsubheader2=Second Half
|enemies2=Ruin Grader*1,Ruin Guard*1
|subheader3=Chamber 2
|level3=98
|target3=Remaining challenge time longer than 180/300/420 sec.
|subsubheader3=First Half
|enemies3=Frostarm Lawachurl*1,Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl*3,Large Cryo Slime*3
|subsubheader4=Second Half
|enemies4=Maguu Kenki*1
|subheader5=Chamber 3
|level5=100
|target5=Remaining challenge time longer than 180/300/420 sec.
|subsubheader5=First Half
|enemies5=Primordial Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling*2
|subsubheader6=Second Half
|enemies6=Perpetual Mechanical Array*1
}}

<noinclude>[[Category:Spiral Abyss Floors]]</noinclude>