{{Event
|name              = Spiral Abyss Event - People's Choice
|image             = Spiral Abyss Event - People's Choice.jpg
|type              = In-Game
|type2             = Indefinite
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2020-09-28 10:00:00
|time_end          = none
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/5719
}}
Dear Travelers:

The [[Spiral Abyss]] Event - People's Choice has begun!

==Overview==
{{Quote|{{A|VO Xiangling Hello.ogg}} Hello, nice to meet you! My name is Xiangling, I'm a chef from Liyue!<br />My favorite place is the chicken... I mean, the kitchen! Ugh, I practiced so hard, but I still get nervous when introducing myself... Heh.|Xiangling}}
You know Xiangling, from Wanmin Restaurant? The celebrity chef from Liyue who's always on the lookout for novel ingredients.<br />Well, she was talking about how this underground spiral place must contain a load of goodies you'd never find up here on the surface...<br />It seems she waited till we weren't looking and snuck inside.<br />She's gone deeper than we can get to.<br />So maybe you could bring her back?<br />There's no rush, though, a chef like her would never let herself go hungry.

==Requirements==
Players must reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20 in order to unlock this event.

==Reward==
Complete Floor 3, Chamber 3 of the Spiral Abyss Challenge to win "Exquisite Delicacy" [[Xiangling]] (Pyro)!<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1310580018611924994 Event Announcement]</ref>
{{Card|Xiangling}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = People's Choice
|zhs     = 万民同行
|zhs_rm  = Wànmín Tóngxíng
|zht     = 萬民同行
|zht_rm  = Wànmín Tóngxíng
|zh_tl   = {{Lex|Wanmin|zh}} Journeying Together
|ja      = 万民同行
|ja_rm   = Banmin Doukou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = All People Travelling Together{{Sino}}
|ko      = 만민동행
|ko_rm   = Manmindonghaeng
|ko_tl   = Go With Everybody
|es      = La elección del pueblo
|es_tl   = The Choice of the People
|fr      = Voix du peuple
|fr_tl   = Voice of the People
|ru      = Народный выбор
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ทางเลือกของผู้คน
|th_rm   = Thang Lueak Khong Phukhon
|th_tl   = People's choice
|vi      = Vạn Dân Đồng Hành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gemeinsamer Vorstoß
|de_tl   = Common Advance
|id      = People's Choice
|pt      = Escolha do Povo
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Desafio de Abismo Escolha do Povo]]
[[uk:Подія спіральної безодні – Народний вибір]]