{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial Iktomisaurs 1.png
|type         = Exploration Abilities
|region       = Natlan
}}
'''Spiritspeaking''' is an [[Exploration]] mechanic in [[Natlan]]. It can be used by [[Iktomisaur]]s and [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] characters to scan [[Nightspirit Graffiti]] and [[Nightspirit Sigil]]s, among other things.

==Overview==
While the active character is a Masters of the Night-Wind character or is [[indwelling]] an Iktomisaur, the Spiritspeaker state can be activated by holding the [[Charged Attack]]. In this state, the player will enter Aiming Mode, during which they can interact with certain objects within their field of vision. If such an interaction occurs, the Charged Attack will not fire.

The Spiritspeaker state can be activated in mid-air. The player character will hover in place, consuming 2.5 [[Phlogiston]] per second.

Spiritspeaking range varies across characters; [[Ororon]]'s range is much longer than [[Citlali]]'s, and slightly longer than an Iktomisaur's. This may be linked to their respective Charged Attack ranges.

==Usage==
Spiritspeaking can be used to:
* Scan [[Nightspirit Graffiti]] and [[Nightspirit Sigil]]s.
* Interact with certain [[Phlogiston Engraving]]s, such as on [[Ancient Inscribed Ring]]s.
* Absorb Phlogiston from [[Phlogiston#How to Obtain Phlogiston|certain objects]] to boost jump height. This boost:
** Only affects the special high jump performed by Masters of the Night-Wind characters and Iktomisaurs, not regular jumping.
** Approximately doubles the character's jump height.
** Lasts for about 8 seconds or until the player performs a high jump &mdash; whichever happens first.

==Tutorials==
{{Tutorial|Iktomisaurs; Ancient Inscribed Rings...; How to Jump Good...; Special Elemental Sight...}}

==Trivia==
* Spiritspeaking can also be used to temporarily paralyze the [[Wayward Hermetic Spiritspeaker#Tutorial|Wayward Hermetic Spiritspeaker]]'s Radiant Reflections.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Spiritspeaking
|zhs      = 灵觉
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 靈覺
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 霊覚
|ja_rm    = 
|ko       = 영력 교감
|es       = Espiritismo
|fr       = Spiritoraison
|ru       = Духовное Прозрение
|th       = สื่อวิญญาณ
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Ngoại Cảm
|de       = Seelensprecher
|id       = Spiritspeaking
|pt       = Proferespírito
|tr       = Ruh Sözü
|it       = Potere Medianico
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}