{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74679
|image         = Event Quest Spread Out Less Than An Arcminute.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Roses and Muskets
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Turenna
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Roses and Muskets/Thousand-Pace Interdiction Arcminute Sharpshooting Zone|Thousand-Pace Interdiction Arcminute Sharpshooting Zone]] subevent.
}}
'''''Spread Out Less Than An Arcminute!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Roses and Muskets]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the staff member

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During the Fontinalia Film Festival, you and Paimon encounter a special member of the Gardes, she seems to be looking for guests to partake in an event test...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Turenna)
:'''Turenna:''' Take your positions, form ranks, muskets up, take aim, and fire! Repel the enemy advance!
:'''Turenna:''' Come take part in the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol's special event, and experience the joy of being a musket sharpshooter!
:{{DIcon}} Musket?
:{{DIcon}} Sharpshooter?
:'''Paimon:''' Not a concept we're too familiar with...
:'''Paimon:''' Looking at the stall this Garde set up, Paimon can't help but wonder what the event she mentioned could possibly have to do with the Fontinalia Film Festival...?
:'''Turenna:''' Ah, it's the Super Zenith Boss-Level Forces! What in the blazes are you doing here?
:'''Turenna:''' If you two help me promote my booth, I'll be able to hit my quota for sure!
:{{DIcon}} Who in the what now?
:{{DIcon}} I'm confused.
:'''Paimon:''' Uhhh, that blah blah blah Forces thing isn't another weird nickname for Paimon and {{Traveler}}, is it?
:'''Turenna:''' That's right! It's a title for you two that's becoming popular among some members of the Gardes.
:'''Turenna:''' You might not remember, but we've actually met before... But considering how ordinary-looking I am, and the fact that I'm just a mediocre sharpshooter, I'm not surprised that I didn't leave much of an impression.
:'''Turenna:''' Anyway, let's just pretend that this is our first meeting! I'm Turenna, a Special Security and Surveillance Patrol Trainee, and I'm in charge of handling all sorts of odd jobs for the Patrol.
:'''Turenna:''' Given how popular the Film Festival is, the Special Patrol is hoping to ride on its coattails by running a publicity campaign, with the aim of spotting hidden talent among the citizenry.
:'''Turenna:''' So, ta-da! Behold the shooting simulator on the table in front of you, known as the "Thousand-Pace Interdiction Arcminute Sharpshooting Zone"!
:'''Paimon:''' This thing... looks like a little model of the Court of Fontaine?
:'''Turenna:''' Aha, but not just the Court of Fontaine! This sand table allows you to change the area, so you can switch to wilderness scenery if you want. Much less spectacular than the Court of Fontaine though...
:'''Turenna:''' Combined with a special pair of optical goggles that the Fontaine Research Institute developed for us, it lets you simulate taking out enemies from on high, just like a real Special Patrol sharpshooter!
:'''Paimon:''' Basically, it's a game where you simulate using a musket to aim and fire at targets, right?
:'''Paimon:''' But the name is so hard to wrap your head around. What are "Interdiction" and "Arcminute" supposed to mean...
:'''Turenna:''' *cough* I came up with the event name based on a famous line that Captain Chevreuse once exhorted us with, which aptly expresses our lofty aspirations!
:'''Turenna:''' "An outstanding musket sharpshooter always strives for pinpoint accuracy. At a distance of a thousand paces, your shot grouping should be less than an arcminute!"
:'''Turenna:''' In reality though, based on the current processing precision of mass-produced muskets and the eyesight of our sharpshooters, achieving a dispersion of less than a single arcminute when firing from any further than a hundred paces away &mdash; let alone a thousand &mdash; is wishful thinking, to put it mildly...
:'''Turenna:''' But if we're talking about Captain Chevreuse, I wouldn't put it past her!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, slow down a second, you're making Paimon dizzy...
:{{DIcon}} Don't get too hung up on technical terms.
:{{DIcon}} All we need to do is have fun.
:'''Turenna:''' Super Zenith Boss-Level Force is right! Sometimes it's not worth overthinking things, just give it a go!
:'''Turenna:''' When I first joined the Patrol, Captain Chevreuse told me that too!
:'''Turenna:''' Anyway, please take these goggles, and when you're ready you can start playing with the simulator on the table!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, after talking so much, why don't we try it out?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon was curious what it felt like to fire a musket anyway... Looks like it might be fun!
:;(Obtain [[Shooting Practice Optical Lenses]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Spread Out Less Than An Arcminute!
|zhs     = 散布小于一角分！
|zhs_rm  = Sànbù Xiǎoyú Yī Jiǎofēn!
|zht     = 散布小於一角分！
|zht_rm  = Sànbù Xiǎoyú Yī Jiǎofēn!
|zh_tl   = Spread Out Less Than An Arcminute!
|ja      = 1アークミニッツ未満の分散率！
|ja_rm   = Ichi-Aakuminittsu Miman no Bunsanritsu!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = <1MOA:일 엠오에이> 이하로 저격하기!
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡Tiro preciso!
|es_tl   = Precise Shot!
|fr      = Moins d'une minute d'arc&nbsp;!
|fr_tl   = Less Than An Arcminute!
|ru      = Разброс менее угловой минуты!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การกระจายน้อยกว่าหนึ่งลิปดา!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sai Ít Hơn Một Ly!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Minimale Streuung!
|de_tl   = Minimal Scattering!
|id      = Lebih Kecil dari Satu Menit Busur!
|id_tl   = Lesser Than One Arcminute!
|pt      = Espalhem-se em Menos de Um Arco!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Yay Dakikasını Bile Geçmez!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Meno di un minuto d'arco!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:Espalhem-se em Menos de Um Arco!]]
[[ru:Разброс менее угловой минуты!]]