{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book Springs of Hidden Jade.png
|quality   = 4
|region_lore = Liyue
|region_location =  Liyue
|volumes   = 2
|vol1      = Sold by [[Jifang]] at [[Wanwen Bookhouse]] in [[Liyue Harbor]]
|vol2      = Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''Springs of Hidden Jade''''' is a [[Book Collection]] found at Wanwen Bookhouse.

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|What kind of passerby will the young man, lost in a secluded bamboo grove, meet along his way?}}

It was when dawn's first dew drizzled upon the lotus leaves, and frogs sang once more, that the [[Guhua|young man]] began to wake.<br>
The morning sun cast shards of light through the bamboo wood, ever so slightly evaporating the previous night's dew still sticking on his linen clothes, while pearly glistening were the white mane-strands that yet lingered on his shoulder.<br>
As the sun shone upon his face, the young man stood up in his lethargy, half-opening his eyes. Only then did he discover that which had disturbed his slumber- a pair of eyes. sparkling like amber gold.<br>
"It's getting late, lazybones."<br>
The slender, golden-eyed woman leaned over slightly, her long platinum hair flowing over her shoulder. Her words bore annoyance, but her eyes hid a smile.<br>
The young man had come to this [[Dunyu Ruins|valley of hidden jade]] to cultivate his arts, only to unexpectedly encounter an [[adeptus]] on night as she, too, passed through these same woods.<br>
She wore a long white cotton robe, and a pearly raincoat and hat were about her. Her eyes were dazzling and gentle, yet indifferent, and her voice was elegant and tranquil, like jade that falls into a clear spring.<br>
She spoke of tales ancient and absorbing, so much so that he forgot the moon's rise and fall, the cycle of and orbit of the stars... Even the first croaks of frogs and cries of the cicadas at dawn slipped away from him.<br>
After that, she took him on a tour of secluded abodes where adepti dwelled, and there had him watch an unfinished game of chess; to the bottom of a [[Bishui River|clear river]], exploring the [[Sal Terrae|court]] of [[Havria|deceased deities]]; up [[Glaze Peak|steep cliffs]] that overlooked the [[Lisha|desolated cities]] left behind by the [[The Chasm|mountain]] tribes...<br>
And still after, when silver butterflies glittered in the moonlight, they would explore the dreams of the fish that played beneath the springs, and they danced together like the ancestral mages who revered the serpent, accompanying the demons and gods of the mountain in falling into deep slumber only when the cicadas had fallen silent.<br>
Recalling all this, the young man gazed at her back and sighed.<br>
"What's wrong? You were fine just now, why are you zoning out of a sudden?"<br>
Sensing his companion's curiosity, the young man, who had thus far simply gazed at her in silence spoke of the misgiving he held in his heart.<br>
"Mortal are but transient guests between heaven and earth, and thus are inclined to momentary joy and sadness, binding ourselves to individual points in the past and forever seeking their echoes..."<br>
"But what would an adeptus think of such a lovely night?"<br>
"You do think highly of yourself. Alas, I may forget you in but a moment... We adepti really are heartless like that."<br>
Then, she gave him a sly smile, and her eyes squinted to slits.<br>
"But since you'd like to know, I'll tell you." 

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|What kind of passerby will the young man, lost in a secluded bamboo grove, meet along his way?}}
The adepti have a long lifespan, and thus they naturally perceive time differently from short-lived mortals.<br>
A mortal's eyes are fixed upon a narrow, limited future, but in her eyes, time unfurls like a vast painted screen.<br>
A mortal views time as an eternal river of blood. No matter how the crimson torrent rushes along its fixed paths, no matter how it branches and diverges, it surges inexorably toward a horizon so red it appears black— toward distant, silent death.<br>
But in her eyes, time is a barren wasteland with neither beginning nor end, blanketed in spider-silk threads that stretch to unknowable distances. Here, all things walk or run — even the mighty mountains, so fixed in mortal sight, may dissipate like rolling clouds in hers. Even mercury, which mortals hold to be enduring, through her amber-gold eyes can be seen to wear, tear, and collapse — to say nothing of such fleeting troubles or love.<br>
In the endless journey of life, mortals often miss their homeland, and thus wander amidst time's boundless flow, entertaining fantasies that a lost image could be recreated in the future. Though they are driven and pushed by the torrent of the passing years, and when forced to make devastating decision, they will often look back at the past, perplexed, as though light long-faded might yet return.<br>
But not so her. She sprinted forever alongside all movements, her flying hair ever white-gold as she shattered every wave and dispersed all sediment, caring only to run from this moment into the future.<br>
The mountain people once viewed her as time's daughter, like a [[Eight Adepts|white horse]] leaping from a pure spring, one whom no shackles could bind. Just as it was with her proud [[Istaroth|mother]], so it was with her — no wall or eggshell could bar her path.<br>
The shepherds of the plains once pursued her steps, freeing themselves from the fetters of the wilderness, embarking on a migratory search for the waterweeds, and thus did the golden-white foal blaze the trail for all herds in the land.<br>
The kingdom of the ocean depths once saw her as an [[Angel|emissary]], and based on their imagination, they granted her scales and tail plumage, falling down in worship of the light brought by one who was both mother and daughter.<br>
In the [[Timeline#The_First_Era|days]] when mortals received the blessings of the [[Celestia|heavens]], great heroes and wandering champions would visit the clear springs for her blessing, fighting over the tenderness she left in her hurried wake.<br>
But when the moon palace collapsed, the chariot fell, and the [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|three sisters]] were slain, these legends became lost alongside disaster's descent and the downfall of bygone peoples. The heavens rained down [[Celestial Nail|cruel order]], and from that day, the stars stilled their orbits, and the earth ceased to turn.
As for her, she had no choice but to be trapped within the shell of the [[False Sky|starry sky]], forced to tarry within this [[Liyue|stagnant, foreign land]], awaiting her mother's [[Thousand Winds|thousand threads]], awaiting the [[erosion]] of hardy stone, awaiting the next encounter from beyond...<br>

"Now then, I've answered your question. And as for the story that follows, I told you much of it last night."<br>
He knew not when, but she had already wrapped herself in a white shirt. She turned her back to the scattered sunlight, and her amber-gold eyes glittered in the darkness.<br>
"I know it seems rude to mention this now... But I know you only as a transcendent adeptus, but not where you come from, or even your name. Might I have it?"<br>
Once again, just as she had [[Moonlit Bamboo Forest|once faced another child she knew not amidst the bamboo forest]], she only laughed, saying nothing more.<br>
Sighing, the young man nodded to her, bidding her farewell.<br>
Many years later, the young man, now old and grey, recalled this moment by chance. By then, he had honed his swordplay to [[Guhua Sword: Raincutter|flow like water]], founded his own [[Guhua Clan|sect]], and became a teacher — and still, he never could comprehend the final story she told him. And as for her, she sprints still along the threads of [[Fortuna|fate]], concealing her trail beneath the forests and springs, far from the gaze of the [[God|gods]], guarding the ancient stories that slip away from even her.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/KBWMH4bO8kw
|caption1 = "Springs of Hidden Jade" series location
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Springs of Hidden Jade
|zhs      = 隐玉之泉
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 隱玉之泉
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 隠玉の泉
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 옥이 숨은 샘
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Los manantiales del jade escondido
|es_tl    = The Springs of the Hidden Jade
|fr       = Les sources du jade caché
|fr_tl    = The Springs of the Hidden Jade
|ru       = Ручьи скрытого нефрита.
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = น้ำพุแห่งหยกอำพราง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Suối Ẩn Trong Ngọc
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Quelle der verborgenen Jade
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Sumber Air Giok Tersembunyi
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Fontes de Jade Oculta
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gizli Yeşim Pınarları
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Sorgenti di giada nascosta
|it_tl    = Springs of Hidden Jade
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Los manantiales del jade escondido]]
[[fr:Les sources du jade caché]]
[[ru:Ручьи скрытого нефрита]]