{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Talent Normal Sprint.png
|type         = Exploration Abilities
}}
'''Sprinting''' is a movement ability that allows the player to move faster. Sprinting costs [[Stamina]].

==Dash==
Players can perform a dash for a short burst of speed and to evade enemy attacks by pressing the button to sprint. Sprinting enters a short cooldown if two dashes are used in quick succession. However, this does not apply to [[Alternate Sprint|Alternative Sprints]].

[[Hu Tao]] can dash through small enemies. She is the only character with a special dash that is not an Alternative Sprint.

While using a dash or initiating an Alternative Sprint, characters are granted a brief period of [[Invincibility Frames]] that allows them to evade most attacks. However, although rare, certain attacks that cannot be avoided by the use of Dash i-frames do exist.

==Sprint==
Players can move at a higher speed while continuously consuming Stamina by holding the button to sprint while moving in a direction until the player begins sprinting, indicated by briefly visible winds around the character.

==Distance Covered==
The distance covered by dashing and sprinting differs by [[model type]]. Tall male characters cover the most distance while sprinting, followed by tall female characters and medium male characters, followed by medium female characters, followed by very short female characters.

Note that the Stamina consumed per second is the same for all character models.

==Alternate Sprint==
Some characters have an [[Alternate Sprint]] which replaces the normal sprinting.
{{Talents by Category Table|Alternate Sprints}}

==Sprinting Talents==
[[Talents]] that affect sprinting.
{{Talents by Category Table|Sprinting Talents}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}