{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|name             = Spring Fairy
|affiliation      = Lochfolk
|affiliation2     = Springvale
|region           = Mondstadt
}}
The '''Spring Fairy''' is a [[Lochfolk]] who settled in [[Springvale]], presumably after the death of the previous [[Hydro Archon]].

==Profile==
{{Quote|With each small step a child takes, a journey through the world it makes. Drops of knowledge this creates, each one the child assimilates. Day by day, a child will age. Drop by drop, a life is made.|The Spring Fairy's poem to Old Finch|[[Life Flows On (II)]]}}

The Spring Fairy is one of the Lochfolk, creatures made from the water's essence who dwelled in [[Fontaine]] and carried out the previous Hydro Archon's wish of spreading "love" throughout the world. However, after her death and the ascension of the [[God of Justice]], the Lochfolk refused to serve the new Archon and many went on a self-imposed exile from Fontaine.<ref name="LifeFlowsOn2">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (II)}}</ref>

She once befriended [[Old Finch]] and [[Diona]] in their childhoods, but has since stopped speaking to them due to the differences between Lochfolk and human lifespans.<ref name="LifeFlowsOn2" /> Through some unknown means, she had the power to bless Diona with the ability to make delicious drinks, no matter the ingredients.<ref name="Diona5">{{Ref/CS|Diona|5}}</ref>

==Story==
According to [[Springvale]]'s legends, the Spring Fairy saved a mother and her sick son by filling the barren hole with water and forming a spring, whose waters miraculously healed the child. Rumors of the healing spring water drew people to the area and a settlement grew around it, becoming known as Springvale.<ref name="Diona5" />

In another legend, the Spring Fairy was initially powerless after arriving in Springvale, having lost much of her former wisdom. She was slowly regaining her power when a weeping boy made a wish at the spring. Although she could not grant his wish, she believed that she could share his burdens. He shared stories about his life with her, and she eventually gained the ability to tell him about Fontaine and her own memories that she had recovered. The boy fell in love with her, only for the Spring Fairy to realize that the differences in their lifespans would mean she would live far longer than he would. Afraid of the inevitable parting and the pain of loss it would bring, she left him a parting kiss and thereafter refused to meet him again in spite of her own loneliness. The boy, however, continued to believe in the Spring Fairy up to his dying day.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Heart of Clear Springs}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|Treasure Clue (II)}}</ref>

===Present Day===
[[Old Finch]]'s story is extremely similar to the one in the above legend and is known as one of the few people in Springvale who continue to believe in her existence.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Old Finch}}</ref><ref name="LifeFlowsOn1">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (I)}}</ref> In her childhood, [[Diona]] bared her feelings and loneliness to the spring. The Spring Fairy pitied Diona and revealed herself on Diona's seventh birthday, giving Diona a blessing that would make all her drinks taste delicious no matter what. Afterwards, she never showed herself again, and Diona came to believe that the Spring Fairy she saw was just a dream.<ref name="Diona5" />

During the events of ''[[Wishful Drops]]'', the young Lochfolk [[Endora]] ended up in [[Mondstadt]] while pursuing the target of her admiration, [[Rhodeia of Loch]]. Rhodeia, believing that Endora was an assassin from Fontaine, tried to destroy Endora instead. This caused the waters flowing into Mondstadt to become extremely bitter, with the sole exception of Springvale. To investigate this matter, the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], and Endora travel to the village and talk to Old Finch. Endora reveals that she can sense the Spring Fairy's presence, but received no response to her questions.<ref name="LifeFlowsOn1" /> After Endora developed enough to properly communicate, they revisit the spring. Endora finally receives a message from the Spring Fairy for Old Finch and relays the message imploring him to move on with his life.<ref name="LifeFlowsOn2" />

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events|Life Flows On (I)=interacts with [[Endora]], but is neither seen nor heard directly}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
*The "[[Holy Water]]" that [[Hopkins the Marvelous]] retrieves from her spring has the ability to restore 1 HP every second for 20 seconds, but it's unclear whether some of the Spring Fairy's power has seeped into the water or if it is a property of ordinary water.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Spring Fairy
|zhs     = 泉水精灵
|zhs_rm  = Quánshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zht     = 泉水精靈
|zht_rm  = Quánshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zh_tl   = Spring Water Fairy
|ja      = 泉の精霊
|ja_rm   = Izumi no Seirei
|ja_tl   = Spirit of the Spring
|ko      = 샘물 요정
|ko_rm   = Saemmul Yojeong
|ko_tl   = Spring Water Fairy
|es      = Hada del manantial
|es_tl   = Spring Fairy
|fr      = Fée de source
|fr_tl   = Spring Fairy
|ru      = Родниковая фея
|ru_tl   = Spring Fairy
|th      = ภูตแห่งสระน้ำ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tinh linh suối
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fee der Quelle
|de_tl   = Fairy of the Spring
|id      = Peri mata air
|id_tl   = Spring Fairy
|pt      = Fada da fonte
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Hada del manantial]]