{{Event
|name              = Spring Wonderland
|image             = Spring Wonderland.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-07 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-04-14 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17530348
|link2             = https://act.hoyolab.com/ys/event/hoyofair202304-wds1p6/index.html
|link2name         = Fan Art Special Program Page
}}
{{Description|Spring is a season for adventure, but you may fall into an unexpected wonderland before even realizing it!<br>[https://act.hoyolab.com/ys/event/hoyofair202304-wds1p6/index.html >>>HoYoFair Spring 2023: Genshin Impact Fan Art Special Program Page<<<]<br>The Genshin Impact HoYoFair Spring Fan Art Special Program will be released soon!<br>Hmm... But something unexpected has happened: The works our participants prepared for the program have been blown away by the wind and drifted into a mysterious space beyond this world...<br>If we fail to retrieve these works in time, HoYoFair may have to be postponed.<br>So, to make sure that HoYoFair is held smoothly, participate in the mini-game to help us retrieve the lost works!<br>As a token of gratitude, we will offer an event-exclusive themed Avatar Frame for every Traveler who completes the event. Travelers will also be assigned an exclusive live stream prize draw ID and can participate in the live stream prize draw to win rewards!}}
'''Spring Wonderland''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

==About HoYoFair==
HoYoFair presents a collation of fan works derived from HoYoverse IPs. You can find a rich variety of fan art here as well as creators and players from all over the world who engage in multilingual creations and interactions. Here, everyone can express their love for games.

All content in the program is produced by creators sponsored by HoYoFair, which are derivative works of Genshin Impact, and is not related to the content of Genshin Impact itself.

==Event Duration==
Event Duration: April 7, 2023 – April 14, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Announcement of Prize Draw Results: April 15, 2023 (winners will be drawn during the live stream)

==Gameplay Details==
By completing the event and retrieving any one of the works that have drifted into another world, you will be considered as a valid participant. Each participant will be rewarded with an event-exclusive avatar frame as well as a Prize Draw ID that allows them to participate in the prize draw.

The avatar frame will be issued once you've met the participation requirements. There may be a delay of 5 to 10 minutes in the issuance of the reward.

The winners of the live stream prize draw will be announced during the stream on April 15.

==Livestream Prize Draw Pool==
* EPOS H6PRO Closed Acoustic Gaming Headset ×10
* "Plenilune Gaze" Ganyu 1/7 Scale Figure ×5
* Genshin Impact Mouse Mat (Random Theme) ×30
* Teyvat Zoo Themed Plushie Hangables (2 per set) ×30
* Character Portrait Stands (2 per set) ×50
* Genshin Impact Character Badge Set (2 per set) ×50

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to HoYoLAB's System Messages, as information of prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# The ID for the HoYoFair prize draw will correspond to a single HoYoverse Account. Each HoYoverse Account and/or Prize Draw ID can only win a single prize, based on the first prize won. In order for us to contact you, we recommend that you link your contact information to your HoYoverse Account. However, this will not affect your chance of winning.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Spring Wonderland
|zhs     = 春日惊奇乐园
|zhs_rm  = Chūnrì Jīngqí Lèyuán
|zht     = 春日驚奇樂園
|zht_rm  = Chūnrì Jīngqí Lèyuán
|zh_tl   = Astounding Spring Wonderland 
|ja      = 春のワンダーランド
|ja_rm   = Haru no Wandaarando
|ja_tl   = Spring Wonderland
|ko      = 봄의 원더랜드
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Paraíso primaveral
|es_tl   = Spring Paradise
|fr      = Paradis printanier
|fr_tl   = Spring Paradise
|ru      = Сад весенних чудес
|ru_tl   = Orchard of Spring Miracles
|th      = สรวงสวรรค์แห่งฤดูใบไม้ผลิ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sân Chơi Kỳ Diệu Mùa Xuân
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Frühlingswunderpark
|de_tl   = Spring Wonderpark
|id      = Dunia Musim Semi
|id_tl   = The World of Spring
|pt      = Paraíso da Primavera
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İlkbahar Harikalar Diyarı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il paradiso di primavera
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}