{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22112; 22113
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Huai'an
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|characters    = Huai'an; Traveler
|prev          = A Provisional Arrangement
|other         = 
*Can be completed twice, after which you receive the achievement [[Level Up]].
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Stairway to Wangshu''''' is a two-times only [[Daily Commission]] that leads the [[Traveler]] to help [[Huai'an]] fix the broken staircase at [[Wangshu Inn]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Huai'an
# Collect 5 [[Sturdy Plank|wooden planks]]
# Talk to Huai'an

==Gameplay Notes==
*Completing both parts of this quest will award the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Level Up]]''.
**Furthermore, the staircase to the top of Wangshu Inn will now completely fixed.
*This commission will not occur again after completing both parts.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Huai'an]] of Wangshu Inn is trying to fix the (other) crack in the inn staircase, and he's looking for someone to help him...}}
===Part 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huai'an)
:'''Huai'an:''' Looks like this is going to need repairing...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Huai'an:''' Ah, it's you. See for yourself – the staircase is broken...
:'''Huai'an:''' It's in pretty bad shape. Someone is definitely going to have an accident if it isn't repaired.
:'''Huai'an:''' How it broke, you ask? Well, a group of monsters tried to get inside, so I came out to fight them off.
:'''Huai'an:''' I should have pulled my punches... I sent one of the big heavy ones flying and he landed right on the staircase. It smashed on impact.
:'''Huai'an:''' I promised myself I'd fix it but I just haven't found the time. Reason being, the inn is just getting busier and busier at the moment. All the more reason why this repair is getting urgent...
:'''Huai'an:''' It's not a difficult job. I can easily repair this myself.
:'''Huai'an:''' If you have the time, could you fetch some Wooden Planks for me? I need to stay here in case someone else misses their step...
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Huai'an:''' Great. I actually bought the Wooden Planks already, they're currently stored outside the inn.
::'''Huai'an:''' See if you can find them and bring a few back here.
:{{DIcon}} Won't it just get smashed again?
::'''Huai'an:''' That won't happen. I'm getting old anyway... and I'll make sure I restrain myself next time.
::'''Huai'an:''' In any case, it needs fixing whatever happens. I actually bought the Wooden Planks already, they're currently stored just outside the inn.
::'''Huai'an:''' Please bring a few of them here for me.

;(Talk to Huai'an again)
:'''Huai'an:''' Found them?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:'''Huai'an:''' They're just outside, they can't be that hard to find.
:'''Huai'an:''' Go and take a look. I need to stay here in case someone else comes rushing past and has an accident...
----
;(Return to Huai'an)
:'''Huai'an:''' Found them?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:'''Huai'an:''' Let's see... Yes, that should be enough. Thanks.
:'''Huai'an:''' Right, I should get to work. I need to repair this as quickly as I can...

:'''Huai'an begins to repair the stairs...'''

:'''Huai'an:''' There, that should do it. I don't think anyone's going to fall on this.
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't match the style though...
:'''Huai'an:''' Not much I can do about that. I'm not some sort of master craftsman, you know.
:'''Huai'an:''' Wait... That was only one of them. There's another hole I still need to fix...
:'''Huai'an:''' Oh well, that will have to do for today. The inn is still open and I need to go back to serving the guests.
:'''Huai'an''': No matter how badly it needs fixing, business is business... Thanks for your help. Take this for your trouble.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Part 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huai'an)
:'''Huai'an:''' Honestly, it's just one thing after another round here...
:{{DIcon}} Still repairing the staircase?
:'''Huai'an:''' Ah! You come at just the right time. Thanks again for last time... Now it's time for round two.
:'''Huai'an:''' This one is a little bigger, and I don't have enough Wooden Planks for it. I sent one of the porters to fetch a new batch; however...
:'''Huai'an:''' He was attacked by monsters on the way back. He panicked and fled back, abandoning the Wooden Planks on the way.
:'''Huai'an:''' It gave him a real fright. I managed to get him to point out where the Wooden Planks are, but I simply could not talk him into going back there to collect them...
:'''Huai'an:''' I've racked my brains for a solution but in the end, you're the only one that can help. Would you mind fetching the Wooden Planks for me?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Huai'an:''' Perfect. I will wait for you here.
:{{DIcon}} That is a seriously big hole...
::'''Huai'an:''' Don't look so horrified... You don't think a monster did this, do you? Hah, that would need to be one gigantic monster...
::'''Huai'an:''' No, what happened this time was... We had these two guests who came here, in close succession. There seemed to be some bad blood between them, because the first one was pursuing the second and the second was hiding from the first... Fortunately, they didn't run into each other.
::'''Huai'an:''' But then... They both decided to stay the night, and they bumped into each other on the way upstairs.
::'''Huai'an:''' As soon as they saw each other, fists started flying... In the course of their fighting they managed to break the stairs. It took me forever to separate them.
::'''Huai'an:''' I was furious... I charged them both three extra days right there on the spot.
::'''Huai'an:''' Anyway, that's enough gossip for now! Help me fetch those Wooden Planks so I can get this thing fixed.
::'''Huai'an:''' If anything like this ever happens again, I don't think I'll bother asking them to pay damages... But I will absolutely insist that they repair it themselves, right away.

;(Talk to Huai'an again)
:'''Huai'an:''' Have you brought the Wooden Planks?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
:'''Huai'an:''' Ugh, come on, I haven't got all day... I'm waiting to get started here.
----
;(Enter the quest area)
:'''Paimon:''' Only a few wooden planks here...
:'''Paimon:''' Monsters must have taken the planks!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's defeat them and get the wooden planks back!

;(Return to Huai'an)
:'''Huai'an:''' Have you brought the Wooden Planks?
:{{DIcon}} Here they are.
:'''Huai'an:''' Wonderful. Finally! Gosh, these monsters are no end of trouble...
:'''Huai'an:''' These should be plenty. Many thanks! I will get started straight away.

:'''Huai'an begins to repair the stairs...'''

:'''Huai'an:''' Finished! Finally, it's repaired. What do you think of my DIY? Looks alright, eh?
:'''Huai'an:''' And with any luck, it might actually be fit for purpose too. Hahaha.
:'''Huai'an:''' Anyway – take this for your trouble. Many thanks, once again.
:'''Huai'an:''' Please do stop by for a cup of tea or a bite to eat whenever you want to. This chef we've got is really rather good.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Stairway to Wangshu
|zhs     = 望舒须筑阶
|zhs_rm  = Wàngshū Xū Zhù Jiē
|zht     = 望舒需築階
|zht_rm  = Wàngshū Xū Zhù Jiē
|zh_tl   = Wangshu Needs Stairs to be Built
|ja      = 望舒の階段
|ja_rm   = Bou-jo no Kaidan{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Stairway to Wangshu
|ko      = 망서의 보수가 필요한 계단
|ko_rm   = Mangseo-ui Bosuga Piryohan Gyedan
|ko_tl   = Stair Which Need Repair of Wangshu
|es      = La escalera a la Posada Wangshu
|es_tl   = The Staircase to the Wangshu Inn
|fr      = Tous les chemins mènent à Wangshu
|fr_tl   = [[wiktionary:all roads lead to Rome|All Roads Lead to Wangshu]]
|ru      = Ремонт на постоялом дворе «Ваншу»
|ru_tl   = Renovation at the "Wangshu" Inn
|th      = ได้เวลาซ่อม Wangshu
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Time to Fix Wangshu
|vi      = Kiến Trúc Vọng Thư
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Treppenbau beim Gasthaus
|de_tl   = Stairway Construction by the Inn
|id      = Tangga Menuju Wangshu
|id_tl   = Stairway To Wangshu
|pt      = Construção de Wangshu
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Wangshu'ya Giden Merdiven
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le scale della Locanda Wangshu
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}

[[es:La escalera a la Posada Wangshu]]
[[ru:Строительство на постоялом дворе «Ваншу»]]