{{Event Tabs|story=n}}
{{Event
|name              = Stand With Mavuika
|image             = Stand With Mavuika.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-12-20 20:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2025-01-08 03:59:59
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/35726568
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20241220preheat-thygrj/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|The limited-time web event "Stand With Mavuika" has begun.}}
'''Stand With Mavuika''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 5.2]].

==Event Duration==
December 20, 2024 – January 8, 2025 03:59 (Server Time)

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The event duration is based on the server time. Please remember to participate in the event in time.*

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Eligibility==
Travelers who have reached Adventure Rank 10 or above can participate in this event.

==Event Description==
# During the event, complete "Page Browsing," "Companion Missions," and "Invite Friends" missions to obtain Primogems and other in-game rewards.
# During the event, you only need to complete the "Page Browsing" missions once to collect the corresponding rewards. Complete the "Invite Friends" missions to receive the corresponding in-game rewards.
# "Companion Missions" will be unlocked in three phases and the first will be available from the start of the event. Phases 2 and 3 will unlock on December 25, 2024 at 04:00 and January 1, 2025 at 04:00 respectively. Once the event begins, you can complete all unlocked missions to receive rewards. You will need to complete the missions in the order corresponding to the phases (if the missions of the previous phase have not been completed, it will not be possible to start on the missions of the current phase).

==Event Rewards==
# During the event, complete the "Page Browsing" missions to obtain Hero's Wit ×3 and Sanctifying Unction ×3. Complete all the "Companion Missions" to obtain up to Primogems ×180.
# Successfully invite a returning player during the event. If they log into the game once, you will receive Primogems ×60.
# Share from anywhere within this web event to claim the corresponding rewards. You can obtain a total of Mora ×20,000.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.

==Missions==
{|class="article-table"
!Mission
!Rewards
|-
|'''Companion Missions I'''<br>''Unlocks December 20, 2024 20:00 (UTC+8)''
* Log into the game for 2 days
* Claim Daily Commissions Rewards once
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}
|-
|'''Companion Missions II'''<br>''Unlocks December 25, 2024 04:00 (Server Time)''
* Log into the game for 2 days
* Claim Daily Commissions Rewards once
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}
|-
|'''Companion Missions III'''<br>''Unlocks January 1, 2025 04:00 (Server Time)''
* Log into the game for 2 days
* Claim Daily Commissions Rewards once
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}
|-
|'''Page Browsing Mission'''
|{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Sanctifying Unction|3}}
|-
|'''Share from anywhere within this web event'''
|{{Card|Mora|20000}}
|-
|'''Invite Friends'''
* Invite 1 friend who hasn't logged into Genshin Impact within 14 days prior to the start of the event to complete linking
* Once your friend completes linking and logs into the game, you'll obtain:
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}
|}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Stand With Mavuika
|zhs      = 与玛薇卡同行
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 與瑪薇卡同行
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = マーヴィカと行こう
|ja_rm    = Maavika to Ikou
|ja_tl    = Let's Go With Mavuika
|ko       = 마비카<->와 함께
|ko_tl    = Together With Mavuika
|es       = Un viaje con Mavuika
|es_tl    = A Journey with Mavuika
|fr       = Partez avec Mavuika
|fr_tl    = Go Away With Mavuika
|ru       = Вместе с Мавуикой
|ru_tl    = Together With Mavuika
|th       = เคียงข้าง Mavuika
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đồng Hành Cùng Mavuika
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Reise mit Mavuika
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Bersama Mavuika
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Viaje com Mavuika
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Mavuika'nın Yanında Kal
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = In viaggio con Mavuika
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

[[es:Un viaje con Mavuika]]
[[fr:Partez avec Mavuika]]
[[ja:マーヴィカと行こう]]
[[pt-br:Viaje com Mavuika]]
[[ru:Вместе с Мавуикой]]