{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19136
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Time Off!
|characters    = Bolai; Gou San'er; Ningguang; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Starting From Zero''' is a quest in [[Ningguang]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest]].

==Steps==
# Go to the wharf to search for abandoned goods
# Sell the material to the merchant
# Go out and search for treasure
# Defeat the monsters and open the treasure chest
#* {{Enemy|Large Pyro Slime|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Electro Slime|x=2}}
# Talk to Ningguang
# Continue looking for chests
# Defeat the monsters and open the treasure chest
#* {{Enemy|Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Shooter|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Hilichurl|x=2}}
# Talk to Ningguang
# Look for the [[Weasel Thief]]'s tracks
# Check the hole that the Weasel Thief left behind
# Find the Mora that the Weasel Thief was hiding
# Talk to Ningguang
# Catch fish by the river (0/3)
# Grill the fish by the shore with Ningguang

==Gameplay Notes==
* Catching 4 extra Plump Fish (total 7) grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[You've Got to Have Reserves]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ningguang would like to relive the experiences she had when she was just starting out. She thus invites you to play a game of starting from the very bottom. You head to the wharf together...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the wharf to search for abandoned goods)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 01.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' L&mdash;Lady Ningguang, to what do I owe the honor?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 02.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Are you here to inspect the goods in the warehouse? You may have to wait a moment, I, uh, must have not gotten the message...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 03.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Sorry, I won't be long. I'll grab all the paperwork right away!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Calm down, no need to panic. That's not why we're here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 04.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Uh... Oh, you're just looking for... for me?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 05.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' I haven't done anything! Have I? I mean, I don't think so...? Uhhh...
:{{DIcon}} We want to know about the unclaimed and abandoned goods.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 06.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Oh right. The periodic clearances, yeah. I've been handling those, strictly per the protocol.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 07.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' I make sure I post all the necessary notices and notify every individual that I'm required to.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 08.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' It used to be a huge problem. But with a bit of hard work, I've managed to reduce the amount of goods we need to clear out by at least half.
:{{DIcon}} Why do so many goods get abandoned in the first place?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 09.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' It's hard to say. It really depends, everyone has their own reasons.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 10.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' But as far as the warehouse is concerned, they all fall into these categories: unclaimed goods, damaged goods, or unpaid storage fees.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 11.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' As for the damaged ones, I guarantee you it's nothing to do with how they're stored. It's because some things go bad more easily than others.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 12.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' If it sits there in the warehouse for too long, it goes without saying that it could start to affect the other goods. But that aside, even the smell is just unbearable...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So, have you cleared out any of these goods recently?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 13.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Um... I'm afraid we just finished clearing out all the big ones.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 14.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' But don't worry, Lady Ningguang! If you're here for an inspection, then I'm here to make it happen. Hang tight, I'll grab some of the smaller items for you right away!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hold on...
:{{DIcon}} Off he goes.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I don't think he has quite grasped the nature of this situation.
:{{DIcon}} It's like he was reporting on his work.
:{{DIcon}} Can't really blame him.

:'''After waiting for a while, Gou San'er comes back, panting for breath.'''

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 15.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Lady Ningguang... I... I had a quick run through the list, and... cleared out some more... items. Please... inspect them... at your leisure...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let me see here... soggy food, an odd shoe, a broken mirror, small wooden toy...
:{{DIcon}} They're in terrible shape. No wonder no one wants them.
:{{DIcon}} Not a whole lot of use.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's a shame we missed the last clearance. We're down to the slim pickings now.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hmm... some of these are true junk, but there are a few items of value here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Take this wooden toy, for example. The wood is good quality. If you took it apart, there is quite a number of useful everyday objects that you could turn it into with a little work...
:{{DIcon}} Can we have this stuff?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 16.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Huh? ...You want it?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 17.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Well sure, take whatever you want. It's all getting thrown away anyway.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Great. This is going well.
:{{DIcon}} Let's take some time to sift through what we have acquired.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, and once we're done, we will find a merchant to give us an appraisal of their value.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913601 gousaner 18.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' (I have no idea what's going on here, and I'm not about to ask, either...)
;(Obtain [[Bag of Retrieved Items]] ×1)

;(Talk to Gou San'er again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 gousaner 01.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' Take care. If there's anything else you need, just give me a shout.

----

;(Sell the material to the merchant)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Lady Ningguang, welcome to my humble store. What can I get for you?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Actually, today's a little different. I'm not here to buy anything. I wanted to ask if you could take a look at some goods for me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Just... take a look? What for?
:{{DIcon}} To give me an estimate on their value.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 03.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Oh, I see. Let me take a look then.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 04.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 05.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I mean, I can take them. I have a few regular customers I can talk to, they should be able to salvage the raw materials. Shouldn't take long at all.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 06.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' But, uh...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What's wrong? If it's too much trouble, please, there's no need to force it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 07.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' N-no, no, no, it's nothing like that...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 08.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Uh... Well, anyway, let's talk prices.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 09.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' So all these together, heh...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 10.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I'll give you 150,000 Mora. How does that sound?
:{{DIcon}} (That's so much!)
:{{DIcon}} (I think he added a couple of zeros by accident...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, well...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 11.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Uh, no worries, no worries. The price is negotiable, of course, so we can discuss it further.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 12.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' If that figure's not what you had in mind, I can, uh... bump it up a little. It'll be fine. I'm sure we can reach an agreement here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What are your thoughts?
:{{DIcon}} Honestly, that's way too much...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes. At most, these items are only worth a couple of thousand Mora.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 13.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Huh? Wait a minute, so you're really here just to sell a few things?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 14.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' And, uh, specifically... these things?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 15.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I thought that was all code for some kind of inspection, or something...
:{{DIcon}} So we were misunderstood again.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It appears so. We can't go on like this.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let's try something else. As long as we're in Liyue Harbor, this kind of misunderstanding is inevitable.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If I wasn't Ningguang, Gou San'er probably wouldn't have handed all of these over to us.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And you likely wouldn't be willing to buy them, either.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 16.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' To be completely honest... You're not wrong.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This goes against the rules we set for ourselves at the start.
:{{DIcon}} Then we'll just have to leave Liyue Harbor and live an adventurer's life.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Are there any other ways for adventurers to make Mora besides their remuneration from the Guild?
:{{DIcon}} We can go treasure hunting in Guili Plains. But the work is hard and the payout is low.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Great! I don't mind, let's give it a try. Lead the way.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913602 bolai 17.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' You two have a good one...

;(Talk to Bolai again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' What in the heck has gotten into Lady Ningguang today...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Did I say that aloud? Never mind.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Adventurer's Survival Handbook===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go out and search for treasure)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This must be the place. Let's do this.

;(Talk to Ningguang after defeating the monsters)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913605 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ahhhh. It feels like it's been a long time since I've gotten so physical.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913605 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The feeling of creating your wealth with your own two hands is just as exhilarating as ever.
:{{DIcon}} Even for this paltry amount?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913605 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, I'd say so. Everything starts out small, you focus on quantity at the outset, and gradually shift to focusing on quality as your wealth builds.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913605 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And let's not forget we started with no initial capital. It's reasonable to expect building something from nothing to be highly demanding.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913605 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' In any case... the sight of Mora has always had a way of improving my mood, no matter what the sum is.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's keep this momentum going.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913605 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I intend to. I am not ready to stop yet.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913605 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This time, let's try something a little more challenging.
;(Obtain [[Light Mora Purse]] ×1)

;(Continue looking for chests)

;(Talk to Ningguang after defeating the second group of monsters)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Another satisfying haul. Ah, what a feeling.
:{{DIcon}} You're very good at this.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's very kind of you. But I know I'm no match for a professional adventurer like yourself.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' For me, a battle is just a form of exercise. A way to keep fit and use up any surplus energy.
:{{DIcon}} Have you scratched the itch yet?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh no, not yet! There's more Mora to be made.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hey, look. What's that hole in the ground?
:{{DIcon}} I think it was dug by a Weasel Thief.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, I see. So if we catch it, there's Mora for the taking?
:{{DIcon}} It's almost as fond of Mora as you are. Go figure.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ooh, how quaint. That was your Beidou impression, was it?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hah. Well, I'm afraid I'm having far too much fun to stop what I'm doing and start bickering with you, Captain.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913606 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come on. Let's go get this Weasel Thief.
;(Obtain [[Full Mora Purse]] ×1)

----

;(Look for the Weasel Thief's tracks)

;(Check the hole that the Weasel Thief left behind)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913609 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There it is! After it!

;(Find the Mora that the Weasel Thief was hiding)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Opera Resourcer, Thrifty Expenditure===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Goodness. This reminds me of fishing... not an easy catch.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But we didn't let it slip away, and the haul is now ours. That's what counts.
:{{DIcon}} How much did we make?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let's see... a little over 1,000 Mora.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' We can't do any serious business with this amount of starting capital. We need to keep working hard.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need to take a break?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Actually, now that you mention it, I'm suddenly a little hungry. Huh. Amidst the thrill of the chase, I didn't even notice.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Wangshu Inn is right there, but...
:{{DIcon}} Based on our current financial position, we can rule that out.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Same thoughts here. After how hard we worked to get our hands on this Mora, it would be a shame to eat it all in a single sitting.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' In which case, I think I'll take this opportunity to show you a skill that I used to be rather proud of.
:{{DIcon}} Fishing?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, but the rule of the game is no Fishing Rods allowed. We're going fishing by hand.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913603 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come on. Let's go down to the river.

----

;(After catching fish and obtaining [[Plump Fish]] ×3 by the river)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913612 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This should be enough. Let's head back to land and grill them.

;(Grill the fish by the shore with Ningguang)
:'''Ningguang grills the fish like a pro.'''

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Here. Have a taste of my cooking.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' A fresh catch can go straight on the grill with minimal preparation and it tastes delicious, even with no seasoning.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's a little charred, that's on purpose. I just like how it tastes.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Normally, I have to make a special request to the chef if I want it to taste like this.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} You must be ready for a rest by now?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It was nothing.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Back in the day, I had to hurry home after work to do my household chores. Then in the evening, it was out to the night market with the family to support our stall.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I was always meticulous with the most menial of tasks. My mother always loved that about me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But by the same token, she didn't love the idea of me leaving home and starting my own business. She thought it was just an unnecessary risk when I could just carry on helping out at home instead.
:{{DIcon}} If you'd followed her advice, people wouldn't be calling you "Lady Ningguang" today.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You'd be more likely to see me pulling up outside Wanmin Restaurant and selling Grilled Tiger Fish from a food cart.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' My childhood memories run deep. I'll always have a special affection for fish.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' They are confined to the water, and yet they live free, swimming around wherever the mood takes them.
:{{DIcon}} A lot like adventuring.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It is. I have greatly enjoyed experiencing the adventurer lifestyle with you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' When I think back on all my hard work in the past, it motivates me to face the challenges that lie ahead in the future.
:{{DIcon}} Next time, I'll grill fish for you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe, that sounds great. I'm looking forward to it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913604 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But a word of warning, I am very picky about my grilled fish... I can be a tough lady to impress.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Fortunes Shared===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Fortunes Shared
|character       = Ningguang
|act             = 1
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Starting From Zero
|zhs     = 从零开始
|zhs_rm  = Cóng Líng Kāishǐ
|zht     = 從零開始
|zht_rm  = Cóng Líng Kāishǐ
|zh_tl   = Starting From Zero
|ja      = ゼロから始める
|ja_rm   = Zero kara Hajimeru
|ja_tl   = Starting From Zero
|ko      = 처음부터 다시 시작
|ko_rm   = Cheoeumbuteo Dasi Sijak
|ko_tl   = Starting Again From Start
|es      = Comenzar desde cero
|es_tl   = Start From Zero
|fr      = Case départ
|fr_tl   = Square One
|ru      = Начать с нуля
|ru_tl   = Starting From Zero
|th      = เริ่มจากศูนย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bắt Đầu Từ Số Không
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bei Null anfangen
|de_tl   = Starting From Zero
|id      = Mulai Dari Nol
|id_tl   = Starting From Zero
|pt      = Começando do Zero
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sıfırdan Başlamak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Iniziare da zero
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}