{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Starlit Sky
|image             = Starlit Sky.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-02-05 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-02-11 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/105268
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230205-firework-xm7wly/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
<!--{{Description|}}-->
'''Starlit Sky''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.4]].

==Event Duration==
February 05, 2023 12:00 – February 11, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Duration for Claiming In-Game Rewards: February 5, 2023 – February 19, 2023 00:00 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Adventure Rank 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, you can collect and trade Firework Cards. Meet certain criteria regarding the types of cards you possess to unlock the Prize Draw and enter it to win physical or in-game prizes!

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, you can collect Firework Cards and put them in your Inventory. Complete Daily Tasks to obtain additional collection opportunities.
#* Share this event page
#* Take part in the official Twitter retweet event
# Through Firework Swap, you can trade duplicate cards you already own with friends for cards you don't already have.
# You get one random card each time you collect.
# When you have all Firework Card types, you will be eligible to enter into the Fireworks Prize Draw. Enter it to win more physical prizes.

==Event Rewards==
* Firework Card Collection Rewards
** After collecting all 11 Firework Cards, you can get Primogems and other in-game rewards.
* Fireworks Prize Draw Rewards
** iPhone 14 Pro Max ×1
** PlayStation®5 ×3
** iPad mini 6 ×6
** <nowiki>*</nowiki>The color and models of the physical prizes are subject to change.
* In addition to the physical prizes won by participating in the aforementioned Fireworks Prize Draw, all Travelers who participated in the Prize Draw will receive Mora and other in-game rewards.

==Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# Rewards for this event will not be sent automatically to players' in-game mailbox. Please click the "Claim Rewards" button on the page to claim your rewards in time.
# After confirmation of reward eligibility and confirmation of receipt, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# The winner list for physical prizes will be announced on this website at 12:00 on February 13, 2023 (UTC+8). Winners, please fill out your shipping address within the specified period. Winning Travelers who have not provided the required information before February 28, 2023, 23:59 (UTC+8) will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.\
# Please note that the delivery address cannot be changed after confirmation. In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# The estimated time for physical prizes delivery will be within 90 business days after the event has ended. The event organizer will contact the winners and notify them of the relevant shipment information in a timely manner after dispatching the prizes. The actual arrival time is dependent on the actual logistics situation.
# The event organizer will bear the logistics delivery costs of the physical prizes. If tariffs, personal taxes, and other related taxes are incurred due to local policies, winners should declare and bear the relevant tax obligations according to the policies of their country or region. Please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.<br />[https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy]
# If you are a minor, please obtain permission from your legal guardian before participating.
# If you have any questions about this web event, please contact us via email at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.
# This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third-party organizations are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.
# This event is not associated with Apple Inc.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Starlit Sky
|zhs     = 星彩漫天
|zhs_rm  = Xīngcǎi Màntiān
|zht     = 星彩漫天
|zht_rm  = Xīngcǎi Màntiān
|zh_tl   = Sky Full of Starlight
|ja      = 満天の星彩
|ja_rm   = Manten no Seisai
|ja_tl   = Sky Full of Starlight
|ko      = 별빛 하늘
|ko_tl   = Starlight Sky
|es      = Cielo estrellado
|es_tl   = Starry Sky
|fr      = Sous les éclats stellaires
|fr_tl   = Beneath the Stellar Fragments
|ru      = Звёздный небосвод
|ru_tl   = Starlit Firmament
|th      = ฟากฟ้าดาราพราว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sao Sáng Khắp Trời
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unter dem Sternenglanz
|de_tl   = Beneath the Glowing Stars
|id      = Kelap-Kelip Angkasa
|id_tl   = Sparkling Sky
|pt      = Céu de Cores Cintilantes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yıldızlı Gökyüzü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Luci del cielo
|it_tl   = Lights of the Sky
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[fr:Sous les éclats stellaires]]
[[pt-br:Céu de Cores Cintilantes]]
[[ru:Звёздный небосвод]]