{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|characters    = Furusawa; Kazumasa; Nagano; Ogura Mio; Traveler; Thoma; Yuuko; Yuuri
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Start Spreadin' the News''' is a quest in [[Thoma]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[A Housekeeper's Daily Chores]].

==Steps==
# Gather 1 serving of [[Lavender Melon]], [[Fowl]], and [[Flour]] each
# Give the housekeeping course materials you collected to Thoma
# Advertise the housekeeping course to the city merchants
# Advertise the housekeeping course to the city housewives
# Advertise the housekeeping course to the city's senior folk
# Return to the Yashiro Commission to make final preparations
# Wait until the following day (08:00 - 24:00)
# Go to the Yashiro Commission to take part in the housekeeping course

==Gameplay Notes==
* After completing the quest, the board and benches set up for the housekeeping course will (temporarily) remain in the overworld. The objects can be interacted with.
** Interacting with the board triggers the following dialogue:<br />'''''Course Summary:''' Housework requires "patience," "passion," and "method."''

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Help Thoma advertise his housekeeping course to attract more people to come.}}
===Start Spreadin' the News===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Give the housekeeping course materials you collected to Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 35.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Great, that's all the ingredients we need. Time to hit the streets and launch our grand advertising campaign.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 36.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As it happens, I know someone in town who runs a textiles business. I'm sure she must know lots of people interested in housekeeping.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 37.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So let's pay her a visit.
----
;(Talk to Ogura Mio)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Welcome to [[Ogura Textiles & Kimonos|Ogura Textiles & Kimo]]... Oh! Hi, Thoma! What brings you here?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Looking to buy some fabric? We have a new batch in &mdash; it's a great choice if you're looking to make loungewear...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It sounds interesting, I'll take a look! But, the main reason I'm here today, though, is to pick your brain about something.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 03.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Oh? And what might that be?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, we're thinking of starting a housekeeping class.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Problem is, I'm not sure where to go looking for students. So I was wondering if you might help me spread the word.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Among other things, I'll be teaching some handy sewing techniques. So, providing everything goes smoothly, I'll be needing to buy quite a lot of fabric from your store.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Do you think you'd be able to lend a hand?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 04.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Of course, it'd be my pleasure! And thank you for supporting my business, Thoma.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 05.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' As it happens, several of my regular customers do have an interest in housekeeping.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 06.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' After I've closed up for the day, I'll go and talk to them for you. I'm almost certain that they'll want to sign up.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 07.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' The only thing is, I'm not sure there's enough of them for a whole class... Ah, I know &mdash; Yuuko is supposed to be very well connected in the community. Why don't you go and ask her?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yuuko? Hmm... I'm sure I've heard that name somewhere before.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So she has an interest in housekeeping?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 08.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' If I remember correctly, she mentioned in conversation once that she's tried knitting a sweater a few times, but just can't get the hang of it.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 oguramio 09.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' With your housekeeping expertise, I'm sure you'd be able to get her interested.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Great. Thanks for all your help, Miss Ogura.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911401 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright, let's go try our luck with Yuuko, (Traveler).
----
;(Talk to Yuuko)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 01.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' Honestly, my husband doesn't lift a finger around the house...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 02.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' The moment he's home on his day off, it's shoes off and straight to bed so he can just lie there doing nothing.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuri 01.ogg}} '''Yuuri:''' *sigh* I have one of those at home, as well...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuri 02.ogg}} '''Yuuri:''' I know his work is tiring, but recently I've been really struggling with all the housework. It's starting to give me a backache.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 03.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' They act like it's our job just because we do it. But nobody trained us either...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hello, ladies. Might I ask which one of you is Yuuko?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 04.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' That would be me. Sorry, I don't believe I've had the pleasure.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm Thoma, the housekeeper for the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' We're looking to start a housekeeping class at the Commission headquarters. I was just wondering whether that might be something that interests you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 05.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' Housekeeping? As a class?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That's right, yes. We'll be teaching a whole bunch of handy housework tips and tricks. Sweeping, mopping, laundry, cookery, you know, that sort of thing. All based on my years of experience as a housekeeper.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The class is free, of course. The only cost to you is the materials used during the class.
:;(Yuuko and Yuuri whisper at each other)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 06.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' What do you think?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuri 03.ogg}} '''Yuuri:''' I think this is suspiciously coincidental...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, I'll be straight with you, ladies... I believe the classes are free for a limited time only, right (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
:{{DIcon}} If I were you, I'd take the chance while it's there.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So far, attendance has been a little on the slow side, so we decided to start offering free trial classes. In other words, we won't charge you for the first few classes you attend.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' After the trial period comes to an end and if you're still satisfied with the results, you can book more classes for yourself and complete the rest of the course. I'll be sure to give you a favorable price.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 07.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' I see... It certainly sounds reasonable.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 08.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' But I have a question... Is this class restricted to women only?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Not at all! It's open to people of all genders and ages. The way I see it, housework comprises an essential set of skills that no one can afford to be without.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You've got to know how to look after yourself. Life should come before work, don't you think?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 09.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' Well said. In that case, I'll bring my husband along. Sounds like he could learn a thing or two from you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuri 04.ogg}} '''Yuuri:''' Me too!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuri 05.ogg}} '''Yuuri:''' Oh, and while you're at it, have you thought about asking Nagano?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuri 06.ogg}} '''Yuuri:''' I'm sure older folks like him would have time to attend. The more the merrier, right?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 yuuko 10.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' Thank you, Thoma. Please excuse us.
:;(Yuuri and Yuuko leave)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911402 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright, I'll see if I can convince the older folks to come along and make up the numbers.
----
;(Talk to Nagano)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 nagano 01.ogg}} '''Nagano:''' Housekeeping class, eh...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 nagano 02.ogg}} '''Nagano:''' I was handy around the home back in the day. Sadly, the older I get, the fewer things I'm able to do myself.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 nagano 03.ogg}} '''Nagano:''' You're very young. Are you quite sure you're up to the task of teaching housekeeping? It's not as easy as you might think.
:{{DIcon}} Thoma is a housekeeping expert.
:{{DIcon}} Don't underestimate Thoma!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I will do my very best.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As housekeeper for the Kamisato Clan, I've been honing my craft for a long time now. I believe I'm up to the task.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 nagano 04.ogg}} '''Nagano:''' Very good, young man! Well then, I shall have to come and see for myself.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 nagano 05.ogg}} '''Nagano:''' If you are as good as you claim to be, I will encourage everyone I know to attend your classes. And if I find your skills to be lacking, I will be quite happy to teach a few things myself.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' What can I say &mdash; we'll be honored to have you in attendance, Sir.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well then... that will probably just about do it as far as promotion is concerned. Let's head back to the Yashiro Commission, (Traveler).

;(Talk to Nagano again)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911403 nagano 05.ogg}} '''Nagano:''' If you are as good as you claim to be, I will encourage everyone I know to attend your classes. And if I find your skills to be lacking, I will be quite happy to teach a few things myself.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Housekeeping Course, Begin!===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Return to the Yashiro Commission to make final preparations)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' To be honest, with this being my first time holding a class, I've got no idea how many people to expect.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I just hope it goes well. Anyway, tonight I'll set up the tables and chairs, then tomorrow we can meet back at the Yashiro Commission headquarters.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So, what do you think the turnout will be like, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure lots of people will come.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I sure hope so. We promoted it pretty hard, after all.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This is the weirdest feeling. Housekeeping has always been something I do alone, but now I'm about to face a class full of students.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You'd better show up to class tomorrow!
:{{DIcon}} I'm not super optimistic...
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, truth be told, I'm a little nervous myself.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But I'm sure it will turn out okay. We put in the legwork, after all.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Guess we'll have to wait and see what tomorrow brings. As for tonight, I need a good rest.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911404 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' See you tomorrow, (Traveler)!
----
;(Go to the Yashiro Commission to take part in the housekeeping course)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Welcome, one and all. This is my first time teaching a housekeeping class, just as, I'm sure, it's your first time attending one.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'd like to start from the theory, if I may, and talk a little bit about why mastering the discipline of housekeeping is such an important thing.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Quick, come in, Thoma's started the class already.
:{{DIcon}} There's so many people...
:{{DIcon}} Everyone looks keen to learn.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Well, of course. No one's ever held a class like this in the past.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 oguramio 03.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' I saved you a place. Please take a seat.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The way I see it, housekeeping is a unique skillset that empowers you to set your life in order.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Nowhere are these skills more pertinent than in the context of a marital relationship. In a marriage, the lives of two people become closely intertwined.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you can't look after yourself properly, that burden ends up being shouldered by your partner. This, in turn, will start to take a toll upon the relationship...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Umm... huh, what are you doing here?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 kazumasa 01.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' What the...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 furusawa 01.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 yuuko 01.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' I brought him. Didn't you say men can study housekeeping too?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 yuri 01.ogg}} '''Yuuri:''' Wipe that look off your face! Aren't you going to greet the teacher?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 kazumasa 02.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' No, it's... I...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 yuuko 02.ogg}} '''Yuuko:''' Darling?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 kazumasa 03.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' H&mdash;Hello, teacher.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 furusawa 02.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' For the love of... Hello, teacher.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well hello, and welcome. Now that you're here, I expect you to pay attention and work hard.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, let's keep going. Housekeeping is not difficult per se &mdash; the difficult part is consistency: keeping on top of it over a long stretch of time.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' To keep up with housework on an ongoing basis, you either have to love everything about it, or you need a few tricks up your sleeve to make things easier. So, for today's topic, we're going to focus on "How to make light work... of housework!"
:{{DIcon}} (Thoma is taking to this quite well...)
:{{DIcon}} (So far so good.)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Excuse me, you over there. Focus, please.
:;(The camera pans to Traveler, who looks dozing off)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I like to see active engagement in my lessons.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911405 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That is unless some of you are looking to stay behind after class to catch up...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Popular Class===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Popular Class
|character       = Thoma
|act             = 1
|description     = Active engagement, that's what you like to see!
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Start Spreadin' the News
|zhs     = 大张旗鼓的宣传
|zhs_rm  = Dàzhāngqígǔ de Xuānchuán
|zht     = 大張旗鼓地宣傳
|zht_rm  = Dàzhāngqígǔ de Xuānchuán
|zh_tl   = Large-Scale Promotion
|ja      = 大々的な宣伝
|ja_rm   = Daidaiteki-na Senden
|ja_tl   = Large-Scale Promotion
|ko      = 대대적인 홍보
|ko_rm   = Daedaejeogin Hongbo
|ko_tl   = Extensive Promotion
|es      = ¡Extra, extra!
|es_tl   = Extra, Extra!
|fr      = Une nouvelle à répandre
|fr_tl   = News to Spread
|ru      = Шумная огласка
|ru_tl   = Big Publicity
|th      = โปรโมตอย่างยิ่งใหญ่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quảng Bá Rầm Rộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verbreite die Neuigkeiten
|de_tl   = Spread the News
|id      = Mari Kita Promosikan
|id_tl   = Let's Promote
|pt      = Últimas Notícias
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Haberi Yaymaya Başla
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Diffondi la notizia
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}