{{Event Tabs}}
{{Stub|Verify text for partial Archon Quest completion.<br>Verify text for "incomplete"/"did not do" states for everything in general (only the known separations have been done; you may discover new separations that need to be added)}}
{{TOC Right}}
'''Starlight Reverie''' is a record of players' progress through the game and, as such, its story changes based on what has or has not been accomplished.

==Mondstadt Chapter==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Loading screen)
:The wind swirls and dances with dandelions, while the bard's melodies drift through the air~

===Genshin Impact===
:On {{color|Anemo|MM}}/{{color|Anemo|DD}}/{{color|Anemo|YYYY}}, you, a Traveler from another world, {{color|Anemo|<TRAVELER NAME>}}, embarked on your journey through Teyvat. Emergency Food? Guide? White Floaty? Flying Lavender Melon? Silver Companion? Familiar? Regardless, since the day you caught [[Paimon]], you have been together for {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} days.

===Genius Invokation TCG===
;([[Genius Invokation TCG]] progress)
:;(If the player has not unlocked Genius Invokation TCG)
:::What? You haven't played the most popular game in Teyvat yet? Hurry over to [[The Cat's Tail]] to play Genius Invokation TCG &mdash; your friends have been playing there for quite a while.
:;(If the player has not reached the maximum Player Level)
:::You have reached Genius Invokation TCG Player Level {{color|Geo|<NUMBER>}}. Keep advancing to become a Genius Invokation TCG Master Player! As of now, you've obtained a total of {{color|Geo|<AMOUNT>}} Genius Invokation TCG card(s).
:;(If the player has reached the maximum Player Level)
:::You have reached Genius Invokation TCG Player Level 10. Well done, Genius Invokation TCG Master! As of now, you've obtained a total of {{color|Geo|<NUMBER>}} Genius Invokation TCG card(s).

;(Duels)
:;(If the player has not played Genius Invokation TCG in the past year)
:::Would you like to have a round of the thrilling, exciting, and cleverly intriguing Genius Invokation TCG duels? Open the [[Casket of Tomes]], and don't disappoint us, O renowned Traveler~
:;(If the player has played at least one Genius Invokation TCG match in the past year)
:::You've had a total of {{color|Geo|<AMOUNT>}} Genius Invokation TCG duel(s), winning {{color|Geo|<NUMBER>}} and losing {{color|Geo|<NUMBER>}}!

===Archon Quests===
;(If the player has not completed [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]])
::Outside the city where poems sing of wind and dandelions, of disaster and salvation, a bard prepares to play his Holy Lyre der Himmel once more, with you by his side...

;(If the player has only completed The Outlander Who Caught the Wind)
::Remembering Archon Quest Prologue: Act I
::'''The Outlander Who Caught the Wind'''
::On this long journey, you embark on an adventure to reunite with your lost sibling, but where has this unknown god taken them? Many stories and adventures await you in Teyvat.

;(If the player has only completed [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Prologue: Act II
::'''For a Tomorrow Without Tears'''
::The city of winds and dandelions! Travelers under the protection of the Knights of Favonius &mdash; Welcome to Mondstadt! Can a bard in possession of the Holy Lyre der Himmel, dry the tears of the Dragon of the East?

;(If the player has completed [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Prologue: Act III
::'''Song of the Dragon and Freedom'''
::Stormterror of the City of Freedom continues to fulfill its duty as one of "The Four Winds." Can a bard in possession of the Holy Lyre der Himmel{{sic|,}} dry the tears of the Dragon of the East?

===Frostbearing Tree===
:From the commissions at the adventurer camp to the icy heights of [[Dragonspine]], the deep snow hides secrets that have slumbered for a thousand years. Amidst the frost, the glowing spirits of adventure march forward with unwavering resolve, undeterred by the bitter cold.

;(If the [[Frostbearing Tree]] has not been unlocked)
::{{tx}}<!--The ancient tree that should have slumbered forever under the ice and snow has sprouted scarlet sprouts anew. Make offerings to this tree, and you may obtain blessings for your journey and rich rewards in return.-->
;(If the Frostbearing Tree has been unlocked and is not at its maximum level)
::You have upgraded the Frostbearing Tree to Level {{color|help|<NUMBER>}}. Keep heeding its wishes.
;(If the Frostbearing Tree has been raised to its maximum level)
::You have upgraded the Frostbearing Tree to Level 12, witnessing its rebirth.

===Mondstadt Reputation===
;(Mondstadt Reputation Level)
:;(If the player has not reached the maximum Mondstadt Reputation Level)
:::Your Reputation in Mondstadt has reached Lv. {{color|help|<NUMBER>}}. It would be great if you could continue to take some of the burden off our Acting Grand Master's shoulders.
:;(If the player has reached the maximum Mondstadt Reputation Level)
:::You reached Reputation Level 8 in Mondstadt on {{color|Ousia|MM}}/{{color|Ousia|DD}}/{{color|Ousia|YYYY}}. You are after all the Honorary Knight of the Knights of Favonius!

;([[Statue of The Seven]] - Anemo)
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Anemo have not been unlocked)
:::{{tx}}<!--"The world opens itself before those with noble hearts." During your journey, if you find Anemoculi, remember to collect and offer them to the Statues of The Seven.-->
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Anemo have been unlocked and are not at their maximum level)
:::As of now, your Statue of The Seven - Anemo is at Level {{color|Ousia|<NUMBER>}}. May the Anemo Archon protect you for the years to come.
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Anemo have been upgraded to their maximum level)
:::On {{color|Ousia|MM}}/{{color|Ousia|DD}}/{{color|Ousia|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Statues of The Seven in Mondstadt to their maximum level. Your hard work is not in vain; the brave tales of your adventures are being recounted by the bard of the Land of Freedom~

===Commissions===
;(If the player has never completed any [[Commission]]s or unlocked Commissions){{verify|is there a difference?}}
::{{tx}}<!--Haven't met Katheryne yet? Here's a little secret: each country's Adventurers' Guild has its own Katheryne, waiting for you to find her to take on commissions and gather information.-->
;(If the player has completed at least one Commission in the past year)
::Ad astra... Thank you... [Ding, Primogems ×20 obtained.] You have already claimed commission rewards {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} times from the Adventurers' Guild this year.
;(If the player has ever completed any Commissions)
::To date, you have completed {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} Daily Commissions with the Adventurers' Guild.
:;(If the player has completed an equal amount of Commissions per region in the past year)
:::And you, the legendary and mysterious adventurer, travel across different regions to complete commissions.
:;(Otherwise)
:::The region that you complete commissions in most frequently is {{color|Anemo|<REGION NAME>}}.

===Battle Records===
;(If the player has not defeated any [[Common Enemy|Common Enemies]] in the past year)
::This year, you haven't defeated any common monsters yet. Now is the time to strike! Thank you for your courage in protecting everyone.
;(If the player has defeated at least one Common Enemy in the past year)
::This year, you've amassed a wealth of loot from {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} normal opponents.
:;(If the player has defeated at least 1 Slime in the past year)
:::You effortlessly defeated {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} Slimes &mdash; perhaps you could gift them to your companions or use them to whip up a delicious dish?
:;(If the player has defeated at least 1 Hilichurl in the past year)
:::You’ve also gathered materials from {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} Hilichurls &mdash; perfect for weapon maintenance or upgrades!

;(If the player has not [[Fishing|fished]] in the past year)
::Teyvat is teeming with fish, so don't worry about going home empty-handed &mdash; grab your fishing rod and set off! If you wait too long, we'll see another exploding population!
;(If the player has caught at least one fish in the past year)
::This year, you caught a total of {{color|Anemo|<AMOUNT>}} fish. You have steady hands!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Liyue Chapter==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Loading screen)
:White billowing sails come and go, as countless lanterns illuminate the "golden" harbor~

===Archon Quests===
;(If the player has not started [[Chapter I]])
::Behind all the solemn pomp and ceremony, various factions begin to stir in the Land of Contracts. A mysterious guest seems to have something to tell you...

;(If the player has only completed [[Of the Land Amidst Monoliths]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter I: Act I
::'''Of the Land Amidst Monoliths'''
::Rex Lapis has been killed! The adepti living in seclusion have been alerted, and the Qixing's response leaves much food for thought... What conspiracies are the Fatui plotting?

;(If the player has only completed [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter I: Act II
::'''Farewell, Archaic Lord'''
::Preparations for the Rite of Parting are proceeding smoothly, as the people of Liyue have various bonds to the Lord of Geo. What is the real identity of the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]'s consultant?{{Verify}}

;(If the player has completed [[A New Star Approaches]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter I: Act III
::'''A New Star Approaches'''
::The contract between "the gods and Liyue" has been severed, marking the end of an era. Ever since the fall of the [[Jade Chamber]], Liyue belongs to its people.

===Liyue Reputation and Statue of the Seven===
;(Statue of The Seven - Geo)
:;(If the Statues of the Seven - Geo have not been unlocked)
:::{{tx}}<!--"The world opens itself before those with noble hearts." If you find Geoculi during your journey, remember to collect and offer them to the Statues of The Seven.-->
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Geo have been unlocked and are not at their maximum level)
:::As of now, your Statue of The Seven - Geo is at Level {{color|Pyro|<NUMBER>}}. As you stroll through the streets of Liyue Harbor, have you ever brushed past a god wandering incognito through the mortal realm?
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Geo have been upgraded to their maximum level)
:::On {{color|Pyro|MM}}/{{color|Pyro|DD}}/{{color|Pyro|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Statues of The Seven in Liyue to their maximum level. Your hard work will not be in vain; the tales of your valiant adventures are being retold by the storytellers of the land~

;(Liyue Reputation)
:;(If the player has not reached the maximum Liyue Reputation Level)
:::As of now, your Reputation in Liyue has reached Lv. {{color|Pyro|<NUMBER>}}. The busy "Ministry of Civil Affairs" still needs your ongoing support!
:;(If the player has reached the maximum Liyue Reputation Level)
:::On {{color|Pyro|MM}}/{{color|Pyro|DD}}/{{color|Pyro|YYYY}}, you reached Reputation Level 8 in Liyue. The peace and prosperity of Liyue owe much to your assistance.

===Serenitea Pot===
;(If the [[Serenitea Pot]] has not been unlocked)
::Perhaps you should go for a stroll around Liyue Harbor? [[Madame Ping]] might just happen to have a mysterious teapot that's waiting for you to explore~

;(If the Serenitea Pot has been unlocked)
::On {{color|Pyro|MM}}/{{color|Pyro|DD}}/{{color|Pyro|YYYY}}, you were given what seemed like an ordinary teapot from Madame Ping. Once inside, however, a wondrous realm captivated you, leaving you spellbound.

:;(If the player's Serenitea Pot has been visited by at least one friend)
:::Your Serenitea Pot has been visited by friends a total of {{color|Pyro|<AMOUNT>}} time(s). The friend who visited your Serenitea Pot the most is {{color|Pyro|<FRIEND'S NAME>}}.

:;(If the player has invited at least one [[Companion]] to their Serenitea Pot)
:::{{color|Pyro|<NUMBER>}} companion(s) have been invited to visit your realm.

::Your Adeptal Energy reached an apex of {{color|Pyro|<AMOUNT>}}.

===Cooking===
;(If the player has not cooked in the past year)
::Make no mistake, you have the potential to be a true master chef. Lighting fires, cooking up a storm, then plating up... It's becoming second nature to you. As long as there's a stove, you'll always have a chance to show off your skills. The most delicious dishes are always made with love and care~

;(If the player has cooked at least one dish in the past year)
::Over the course of this year's journey, you've cooked a total of {{color|help|<NUMBER>}} time(s). Among these, you've made {{color|help|<DISH>}} {{color|help|<NUMBER>}} time(s). The characters who often help you cook are {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}, {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}, and {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 3>}}. The most delicious dishes are always made with love and care~
<!--
The character who often helps you cook is {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}. The most delicious dishes are always made with love and care~
The characters who often help you cook are {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} and {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}. The most delicious dishes are always made with love and care~
-->

===The Chasm===
{{Stub|Triggers unclear, check HTML comments for known cases}}
;(If the [[The Chasm]] Statue of The Seven has not been unlocked){{Verify}}
::Within the shadowy depths of The Chasm, the Abyss seems to lurk, watching everything unfold. The echoes of the past feel closer than ever... <!-- From a new account with The Chasm completely unexplored and haven't started any Chasm quest -->

;(If The Chasm Statue of The Seven has been unlocked){{Verify}}
::Networks of mines and layers of rock bear witness to generations of Liyue's stories &mdash; to worldly tales of steadfast perseverance and sacrifice, where they believe that courage that can overcome all obstacles. <!-- In an account which has unlocked The Chasm Statue of The Seven but never started any Chasm quests, only this line appears. Underground Chasm not unlocked. -->

:;(If the Lumenstone Adjuvant has been obtained and is not at its maximum level)
:::Your Lumenstone Adjuvant has reached Level {{color|Pyro|<NUMBER>}}. These steadfast beacons are your companions, guiding you through the pitch-black darkness.<!-- levels 5 and 7; level 5 account has completely revealed the underground Chasm map and has only done partial exploration and minimal quest completion both aboveground and underground -->
:;(If the Lumenstone Adjuvant is at its maximum level)
:::Your Lumenstone Adjuvant has reached Level 10. Its radiant glow brings a glimmer of light, illuminating the lightless tunnels and bringing comfort where all is dark. <!-- Account with max level Lumenstone, 100% exploration in the chasm (Both surface and underground), and all Chasm related quest finished -->

===Votive Rainjade===
;(If the [[Votive Rainjade]] has not been unlocked)
::Rumor has it that those who collect the Spirit Carp of Chenyu Vale will receive the blessings of water and soil throughout their travels.
;(If the Votive Rainjade has been unlocked and is not at its maximum level)
::As of now, your Votive Rainjade has reached Level {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}.
;(If the Votive Rainjade has been raised to its maximum level)
::On {{color|Ousia|MM}}/{{color|Ousia|DD}}/{{color|Ousia|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Votive Rainjade to its maximum level, not only bringing blessings to the water and soil, but also paving the way for a smooth journey ahead.

===Mora Spending and Treasure Chests===
;(If the player did not earn Mora this year)
::{{tx}}
;(If the player earned Mora this year)
::You earned a total of {{color|Pyro|<AMOUNT>}} Mora during this year's journey.
;(If the player did not spend Mora this year)
::{{sic|Have}} all those saved Mora found {{sic|their}} way into Paimon's secret stash? Necessary expenses can make your journey much smoother, you know~
;(If the player spent Mora this year)
::You spent a total of {{color|Pyro|<AMOUNT>}} Mora.

;(If the player has not opened any [[Chest]]s in the past year)
::This year, you haven't opened a single chest yet. Hurry and experience the joy of uncovering hidden treasures~
;(If the player has opened at least one Chest in the past year)
::This year, you've opened a total of {{color|Pyro|<NUMBER>}} chest(s) throughout Teyvat.
:;(If the Traveler did not open chests more than other characters)<!-- worded like this because can't tell if this requires the Traveler needs to be #1 or just top 3; sorted like this despite the awkwardness because of the wording -->
:::You've opened many treasure chests with {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}, {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}, and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 3>}} by your side. Hehe, seems like you've become something of a seasoned treasure-hunting team.
:;(Otherwise)
:::{{color|Pyro|You}} like to open treasure chests yourself but {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}} are the companions with whom you've opened the most treasure chests~
<!--
You've opened many treasure chests with {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} by your side. Hehe, seems like you've become something of a seasoned treasure-hunting team.
You've opened many treasure chests with {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}} by your side. Hehe, seems like you've become something of a seasoned treasure-hunting team.
-->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Inazuma Chapter==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Loading screen)
:Petals of falling sakura flutter down like rain, gradually blanketing the realm of eternity~

===Statue of The Seven===
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Electro have not been unlocked)
::{{tx}}<!--"The world opens itself before those with noble hearts." If you find Electroculi during your journey, remember to collect and offer them to the Statues of The Seven.-->
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Electro have been unlocked and are not at their maximum level)
::As of now, your Statue of The Seven - Electro is at Level {{color|Ousia|<NUMBER>}}. May you cherish this moment and bravely pursue your dreams!
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Electro have been upgraded to their maximum level)
::On {{color|Ousia|MM}}/{{color|Ousia|DD}}/{{color|Ousia|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Statues of The Seven in [[Inazuma]] to their maximum level. Lightning and fireworks may flicker and fade, but the tales of adventure along the journey will remain eternal.

===Archon Quests===
;(If the player has not completed [[Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves]])
::The Traveler never stops for long. Now is as good a time as any to embrace destiny and set sail for the land engulfed by storm and tempest... The nation of "eternity"!

;(If the player has only completed Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves)
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter II: Prologue
::'''Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves'''
::What influences the god's decision to seize [[Vision]]s? Will a masterless Vision ever reawaken... Does the [[Electro Archon]] have the answers to "eternity"?

;(If the player has only completed [[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter II: Act I
::'''The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia'''
::Those who have lost their Visions have forgotten what is dear to them and abandoned their ambitions and beliefs. Is "eternity" paradise? Resist the Vision Hunt Decree and brave the lightning's glow for them!

;(If the player has only completed [[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter II: Act II
::'''Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow'''
::Vision Hunt Ceremony &mdash; the 100th Vision has been seized. As you come to the aid of a friend, you once again become a "fugitive"... Could there be a turnaround in the form of the Resistance far away on [[Watatsumi Island]]?{{Verify}}

;(If the player has completed [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter II: Act III
::'''Omnipresence Over Mortals'''
::There will always be those who dare to brave the lightning's glow. As though sensing the determined will and mustered courage, the Masterless Vision comes crackling to life! These ambitions have transcended space and time... For mortals too, a form of eternity exists.

===Sacred Sakura and Fortune Slips===
;(If the [[Sacred Sakura's Favor]] has not been unlocked)
::Strive to win the thunder's acknowledgment by making offerings to the Sacred Sakura Tree, and perhaps you'll make some unexpected gains.

;(If the Sacred Sakura's Favor has been unlocked)
:;(If the Sacred Sakura's Favor is not at Level 50)
:::As of now, you've upgraded the Sacred Sakura's Favor to Level {{color|Electro|<NUMBER>}}.
:;(If the Sacred Sakura's Favor is at Level 50)
:::On {{color|Electro|MM}}/{{color|Electro|DD}}/{{color|Electro|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Sacred Sakura's Favor to its maximum level.
::Can the mask, imbued with memories and resting in your backpack, welcome its owner back once more?

;(If Fortune Slips have been drawn in the past year)
:;(If no "Great Fortune" slips have been drawn)
:::{{tx}}
:;(If a "Great Fortune" slip has been drawn)
:::On {{color|Electro|MM}}/{{color|Electro|DD}}/{{color|Electro|YYYY}}, you drew a "Great Fortune" slip at the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] for the first time ever. Was your day smooth sailing? Or did you recover all that was lost? Do you remember what happened on that lucky day...?

===Inazuma Reputation===
;(If the player has not reached the maximum Inazuma Reputation Level)
::As of now, your Reputation in Inazuma has reached Lv. {{color|Electro|<NUMBER>}}. The "[[Yashiro Commission]]" has received many more commissions and is counting on you!

;(If the player has reached the maximum Inazuma Reputation Level)
::On {{color|Electro|MM}}/{{color|Electro|DD}}/{{color|Electro|YYYY}}, you reached Reputation Level 10 in Inazuma. Thank you, Yashiro Commission's "Ace Auxiliary Assistant"!

===Enkanomiya===
{{Stub|Triggers unclear, check HTML comments for known cases}}
;(If [[Enkanomiya]] has not been unlocked)
::Beneath a swirling vortex lies Enkanomiya, where a floating palace with illusory day and night eagerly await a brave soul to join the trials.
;(If the player has only completed [[The Moon-Bathed Deep]])
::{{tx}}<!--The Key of the Moon-Bathed Deep opens the giant stone door to Enkanomiya. A shining tower looms tall above the ruins, awaiting the arrival of future visitors.-->
;(If the player has completed [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]])
::"As for reasons against killing you... Could you think of another?" "How about 'not taking on someone you can't beat'?"

;([[Through the Mists]] progress)
:;(If the player has not completed ''[[A Particularly Particular Author]]''){{Verify}}
:::On the mist-shrouded and storm-lashed [[Tsurumi Island]], the remnants of a fallen civilization have long vanished. Yet, in a trance, you seem to hear the melodies of flutes and songs from years past, preserved within the mysterious [[Maushiro]].
:;(If the player has only completed ''A Particularly Particular Author'')
:::{{tx}}<!--Though the perches have regained their vitality, the ceremonial site remains deserted; and the Maushiro, which just a moment ago you held firmly in your hand, has now disappeared into thin air... Many strange occurrences are unfolding amidst the fog.-->
:;(If the player has only completed ''[[Octave of the Maushiro]]'')
:::{{tx}}<!--Suddenly, the plumes of the Thunderbird have appeared, as if from nowhere. The past's illusions bear a striking resemblance to the people of the present, and amidst time's tangled flow, the ceremony's participants have now vanished once more.-->
:;(If the player has only completed ''[[The Sea of Fog and the Rite of the Trees]]''){{Verify}}
:::A repeated cycle, {{sic|voluntary sacrifice,|expected=a voluntary sacrifice,<!-- missing parallelism -->}} and a misguided "rescue" attempt that fails to resolve the deep-seated regret between Kapatcir and Ruu.
:;(If the player has completed ''[[The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna]]''){{Verify}}
:::"Actually, [[Ruu|I]] know all about it. Or should I say, I've guessed it... But it's alright. I'm so glad I got to know you... I've come to sing you a song, [[Kapatcir]]."

===Battle Records===
;([[Specter]]s defeated)
:;(If the player has not defeated any Specters this year)
::Specters are little sprites that have a gentle temperament, but they can sometimes explode into a rage~
:;(If the player has defeated at least one Specter)
::Over the course of this year's journey, you've defeated a total of {{color|Electro|<AMOUNT>}} Specter(s).

;([[Nobushi]] defeated)
:;(If the player has not defeated any Nobushi)
:::Under the cover of thunder and lightning, samurai who have fallen into banditry are plotting an ambush. Whether rain or shine, you must stay vigilant on your journey.
:;(If the player has defeated at least one Nobushi)
:::{{sic|you've|expected=You've}} defeated a total of {{color|Electro|<AMOUNT>}} Nobushi. Nothing &mdash; be it sunshine, rain, or thunderstorms &mdash; can blunt your fighting resolve.

===Hangout Events===
;(If the player has not unlocked any [[Hangout Event]]s)
::Start a Hangout Event with your companions! Remember to catch up with your companions, don't make them wait too long~ If you're longing for the moments spent together, why not invite them once more? This time, you might just craft a different story.

;(If the player has unlocked at least one Hangout Event)
::As of now, you've accepted {{color|Electro|<NUMBER>}} Hangout Event(s).
:;(If the player has not reached any endings of any Hangout Events)
:::Remember to catch up with your companions, don't make them wait too long~ If you're longing for the moments spent together, why not invite them once more? This time, you might just craft a different story.
:;(If the player has reached at least one ending)
:::You've reached 1 or more endings for {{color|Electro|<NUMBER>}} of them.
::;(If the player has reached all endings for at least one Hangout Event)
::::You've reached all endings for {{color|Electro|<NUMBER>}} of them.
:;(If the player reached an ending of a Hangout Event in the past year){{Verify}}
:::Do you still remember {{color|Electro|<HANGOUT ACT NAME>}}: "{{color|Electro|Hangout Event: <CHARACTER NAME>}}"? {{color|Electro|<HANGOUT SUMMARY>}}
::;({{Quest|Wellspring of Healing}})<!-- Barbara -->
::::"I sure hope Sister Barbara is okay..."
::;({{Quest|When the Crux Shines Bright}})<!-- Beidou -->
::::"Ahoy there, Traveler. Hah, so Captain really did invite you to join the homecoming celebration!"
::;({{Quest|Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)}})<!-- Bennett -->
::::"How're your adventures going lately?"
::;({{Quest|Signs of Evil}})<!-- Chongyun -->
::::"Excuse me, have you perchance seen any 'evil spirits'?"
::;({{Quest|The Cat and the Cocktail}})<!-- Diona -->
::::"All out of ingredients... again. Ugh, I really don't understand why these adults love to drink so much."
::;({{Quest|A Confounding Conundrum}})<!-- Faruzan -->
::::"It's just that if I'm going to see her... Umm, I think I need to mentally prepare myself first..."
::;({{Quest|The Canine General's Special Operations}})<!-- Gorou -->
::::"I'm also guessing that you like to curl up into a fetal position and hug your fluffy tail tight as you go off to sleep."
::;({{Quest|Shenanigans and Sweet Wine}})<!-- Kaeya -->
::::"Hey, little birdie, don't feel down, come and perch on my shoulder..."
::;({{Quest|The Pendulum of Weal and Woe}})<!-- Kaveh -->
::::"Taking this commission was truly the worst decision ever..."
::;({{Quest|The Gang's Daily Deeds}})<!-- Kuki Shinobu -->
::::"Deep down inside, all the members of the Arataki Support Group are some of the most down-to-earth, kindhearted people you could ever meet."
::;({{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}})<!-- Layla -->
::::"Sorry, but I don't really have time to chat right now."
::;({{Quest|Checks & Cats}})<!-- Lynette -->
::::"The way the Fateometer works is: I pick a card at random, then look at the number on the card."
::;({{Quest|The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest}})<!-- Ningguang -->
::::"To put it simply, we are just looking for the right person to help."
::;({{Quest|Chivalric Training}})<!-- Noelle -->
::::"I... If it's not too much trouble... could I ask you for some guidance on my Chivalric Training?"
::;({{Quest|Knightly Exam Prep}})<!-- Noelle -->
::::"So much to learn before the exam, how will I ever get through everything?"
::;({{Quest|Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu}})<!-- Sayu -->
::::"You got that? We have a deal, no word about me."{{Verify}}
::;({{Quest|Trap 'Em by Storm}})<!-- Shikanoin Heizou -->
::::"If Heizou truly is in danger, I know he'll be safer with you by his side."
::;({{Quest|A Housekeeper's Daily Chores}})<!-- Thoma -->
::::"Haven't seen Thoma in a while... Who knows what that guy's working on these days?"
::;({{Quest|A Song That Knows Grace}})<!-- Yun Jin -->
::::"Why does she have to go and practice somewhere so dangerous? What if something happens to her?"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Sumeru Chapter==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Loading screen)
:Amidst the lush rainforests and barren sands, the fruits of wisdom take root and flourish here~

===Archon Quests===
;(If the player has not completed [[Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark]])
::In the depths of the dense rainforest, lie dreamless inhabitants and the imprisoned Nation of Wisdom. Will the arrival of the legendary adventurer prove to be the "antidote" they need to unravel the illusions and lies that so mystify them?

;(If the player has only completed Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark)
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter III: Act I
::'''Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark'''
::"...World... Forget me..." &mdash; A faint murmur echoes... The Withering and Eleazar continue their relentless assault... How much "wisdom" is needed to acquire the antidote and the answer in a dreamless land?{{Verify}}

;(If the player has only completed [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter III: Act II
::'''The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings'''
::"Sabzeruz Festival samsara" &mdash; disembodied consciousness, stolen dreams... Number four, number four, number four, number four... This "puzzle" continues... Yet it seems we're drawing closer to the truth...

;(If the player has only completed [[Dreams, Emptiness, Deception]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter III: Act III
::'''Dreams, Emptiness, Deception'''
::The "Passageway" has been established and your consciousness touches the so-called god. [[The Doctor]]'s conspiracy has begun to surface... The companions you "encountered" in the desert are about to fight alongside you...{{Verify}}

;(If the player has only completed [[King Deshret and the Three Magi]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter III: Act IV
::'''King Deshret and the Three Magi'''
::"Researchers," "lunatics," "exiles," "missing persons"... King Deshret sacrificed himself and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata exhausted her powers to banish "forbidden knowledge"... To defeat the sages and to save the archon, various factions have finally congregated...

;(If the player has completed [[Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter III: Act V
::'''Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises'''
::"[[Akasha]]" &mdash; Compile everyone's wisdom in the name of the archon. Eradicating that that blights the world is the destiny of one who experiences samsara. "Let the world completely forget me."

===Statue of the Seven===
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Dendro have not been unlocked)
::{{tx}}<!--"The world opens itself before those with noble hearts." If you find Dendroculi during your journey, remember to collect and offer them to the Statues of The Seven.-->
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Dendro have been unlocked and are not at their maximum level)
::As of now, your Statue of The Seven - Dendro is at Level {{color|Dendro|<NUMBER>}}. May you be blessed tonight with the sweetest of dreams~
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Dendro has been upgraded to their maximum level)
::On {{color|Dendro|MM}}/{{color|Dendro|DD}}/{{color|Dendro|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Statues of The Seven in Sumeru to their maximum level. The tales of the Traveler's adventures are unfolding before your eyes in [[Zubayr Theater]]~

===Tree of Dreams===
;(If [[Vanarana's Favor]] has not been unlocked)
::Though at last we may return to the earth's embrace, the forest will remember. Offer your [[Dendro Sigil]]s to the [[Tree of Dreams]] in the depths of Vanarana to obtain the treasures that the forest has stored up.
;(If Vanarana's Favor has been unlocked and is not at its maximum level)
::As of now, you've upgraded the Tree of Dreams, Vanarana to Level {{color|Dendro|<NUMBER>}}. Though at last we may return to the earth's embrace, the forest will remember.
;(If the Vanarana's Favor has been raised to its maximum level)
::On {{color|Dendro|MM}}/{{color|Dendro|DD}}/{{color|Dendro|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Tree of Dreams, Vanarana to its maximum level. Though at last we may return to the earth's embrace, the forest will remember.

===Sumeru Reputation===
;(If [[Sumeru]]'s [[Reputation]] system has been unlocked)
:;(If the player has not reached the maximum Sumeru Reputation Level){{Verify|Is this really not shown if Sumeru's Reputation system has not been unlocked?}}
:::As of now, your Reputation in Sumeru has reached Lv. {{color|Dendro|<NUMBER>}}. Head back to the "[[Citadel of Regzar]]" and tackle those piling resident commissions!
:;(If the player has reached the maximum Sumeru Reputation Level)
:::On {{color|Dendro|MM}}/{{color|Dendro|DD}}/{{color|Dendro|YYYY}}, you reached Reputation Level 10 in Sumeru. The residents of the forest and desert are grateful for your contributions.

;(If the player has not collected any books in the past year)
::The books you encounter on your adventures are filled with ancient tales. Be sure to collect them all and savor their stories alongside Paimon in your spare time!
;(If the player has collected any books in the past year)
::Over the course of this year's journey, you've collected a total of {{color|Dendro|<AMOUNT>}} book(s). Among its pages lie ancient tales, some true and some false. Have you and Paimon finished reading them all?

===Battle Records===
;([[Fungi]] defeated)
:;(If the player has not defeated any Fungi)
:::Over the course of this year's journey, you've been enchanted by how adorable the Fungi look, and have never once harmed them.
:;(If the player has defeated at least one Fungus)
:::Over the course of this year's journey, you've defeated a total of {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} Fungi. Their cuteness is but a facade; their true nature reveals itself through powerful attacks!

;([[Eremites]] defeated)
:;(If the player has not defeated any Eremites)
:::The Eremites, a group of desert mercenaries, have yet to receive a commission to fight you.
:;(If the player has defeated at least one Eremite)
:::You've defeated a total of {{color|Anemo|<NUMBER>}} Eremites. Looks like the desert mercenaries aren't as strong as rumored~

===Trounce and Challenge Domains===
;(If the player has at least one character with maxed out [[Talent]]s)<!--10/10/10-->
::As of now, there are a total of {{color|Pyro|<AMOUNT>}} companion(s) in your party whose Talents have been maxed out.

:{{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}, {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}, and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 3>}}'s Talents have all reached exceptionally high levels.
<!--
{{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}'s Talents have reached exceptionally high levels.
{{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}'s Talents have all reached exceptionally high levels.
-->

;(If the player has not fought in a Domain or Trounce Domain)
::No matter how formidable the enemies in the Domains and Trounce Domain may be, they are no match for you when you fight side by side with your companions. Don’t hesitate &mdash; let's boldly face the battles together!
;(If the player has fought in a Domain or Trounce Domain)
::{{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}, {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}, and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 3>}} have often fought with you in Domains and Trounce Domains.
<!--
{{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} has often fought with you in Domains and Trounce Domains.
{{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}} have often fought with you in Domains and Trounce Domains.
-->

===Amrita Pool===
;(If [[Amrita Pool]] has not been unlocked)
::"From the plane of light eternal"... When you set out for the land defended by [[Khvarena]], remember to collect the [[Plumes of Purifying Light]]. Offer them up to the Amrita Pool to obtain the blessings of the waters and the trees.

;(If Amrita Pool has been unlocked)
:;(If the player has made an offering to the Amrita Pool at least once)<!--even at 6 offerings-->
:::As of now, you've made {{color|Geo|<AMOUNT>}} offering(s) to the Amrita Pool.
::"From the plane of light eternal"... Cherish the courage of the [[Goddess of Flowers]], and keep collecting the Plumes of Purifying Light so that you may obtain the blessings of the waters and the trees.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Fontaine Chapter==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Loading screen)
:At the origin of all waters, above the cascading waterfalls, the echoes of opera and judgment will resound in unison~

===Archon Quests===
;(If the player has not completed [[Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur]])
::Above that giant waterfall, the opening of an important performance at the Opera House awaits your arrival. Let the show begin!

;(If the player has only completed Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur)
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act I
::'''Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur'''
::"Charges" have now been pressed, and as such, a "trial" is in order. But now the water is engulfing our memories, it won't be long before it engulfs us... It has been proven that the people of Fontaine could dissolve in the "Water from the Primordial Sea." Who is the mastermind behind the scenes...?

;(If the player has only completed [[As Light Rain Falls Without Reason]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act II
::'''As Light Rain Falls Without Reason'''
::Whether a "parasol" or a "sword"... The "trials" and "performances" take place at the same time at the opera house. The truth dissolved in the water has risen to the surface, but where can the truth behind the prophecy be found...?

;(If the player has only completed [[To the Stars Shining in the Depths]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act III
::'''To the Stars Shining in the Depths'''
::What lies behind the Fortress of Meropide's "hidden rules," "pipe-cleaning day" nights, and rumors of cannibals? "Something is calling me..." Where in Teyvat did Childe go...?

;(If the player has only completed [[Cataclysm's Quickening]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act IV
::'''Cataclysm's Quickening'''
::In the depths of the Fortress of Meropide, the Primordial Sea has begun to roil and surge. It seems like the final judgment truly is nigh... The giant whale in Childe's dream, and the Indemnitium that has accumulated within the [[Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale]], What does it all point to...?{{Verify}}

;(If the player has only completed [[Masquerade of the Guilty]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act V
::'''Masquerade of the Guilty'''
::As a human, she has faced 500 years of solitude alone; As a god, she must now face her final verdict. What, when it comes down to it, is "justice"...? "Thank you, Furina..."

;(If the player has completed [[Bedtime Story]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act {{sic|V|expected=VI}}
::'''{{sic|Masquerade of the Guilty|expected=Bedtime Story}}'''
::A pure, untainted spirit, his last shred of consciousness exhausted, Telling a "bedtime story," just to soothe cursed souls. A final farewell that came before it could be uttered; yet at least the memory lives on. As for those fragments that lingered on after waking, they seem to be those of a... "sibling."

===Statue of The Seven and Fountain of Lucine===
;(Statue of The Seven - Hydro)
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Hydro have not been unlocked)
:::{{tx}}<!--"The world opens itself before those with noble hearts." If you find Hydroculi during your journey, remember to collect and offer them to the Statues of The Seven.-->
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Hydro have been unlocked and are not at their maximum level)
:::As of now, your Statue of The Seven - Hydro is at Level {{color|Hydro|<NUMBER>}}. The "Regina of All Waters, Kindreds, Peoples and Laws" hopes that you will always uphold justice!
:;(If the Statues of The Seven - Hydro have been upgraded to their maximum level)
:::On {{color|Hydro|MM}}/{{color|Hydro|DD}}/{{color|Hydro|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Statues of The Seven in Fontaine to their maximum level. Read all about it! The Steambird's headline features the latest adventures of the blond-haired traveler.

;([[Fountain of Lucine]])
:;(If the Fountain of Lucine has not been unlocked)
:::Win the acknowledgment of the springs and flowing waters by tossing [[Hydro Sigil]]s into the Fountain of Lucine, and the fountain will give you a response.
:;(If the Fountain of Lucine has been unlocked and is not at its maximum level)
:::As of now, your Fountain of Lucine has reached Level {{color|Hydro|<NUMBER>}}.
:;(If the Fountain of Lucine has been raised to its maximum level)
:::On {{color|Hydro|MM}}/{{color|Hydro|DD}}/{{color|Hydro|YYYY}}, you upgraded the Fountain of Lucine to its maximum level. Listen, do you hear that song flowing from the fountain? It is a joyous celebration of love and rebirth~

===Reputation===
;(If the player has not reached the maximum Fontaine Reputation Level)
::As of now, your Reputation in Fontaine has reached Lv. {{color|old|<NUMBER>}}. The Steambird has received a host of new resident commissions &mdash; make sure to lend a helping hand~
;(If the player has reached the maximum Fontaine Reputation Level)
::Your reputation for kind deeds is well-known among the citizens. On {{color|old|MM}}/{{color|old|DD}}/{{color|old|YYYY}}, you reached Reputation Lv. 10 in Fontaine.

===Story Quests===
;(If the player has not accepted any [[Story Quest]]s)
::Hurry and embark on the "Story Quests" with your companions &mdash; it's a fantastic opportunity to get to know each other better!
;(If the player has accepted at least one Story Quest)
::As of now, you've accepted {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} Story Quest(s).

;(If the player has not completed any Story Quests)
::Don't forget that your companions are waiting for you~
;(If the player has completed at least Story Quest)
::You've already completed {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} Story Quest(s).

;(If the player has completed a Story Quest in the past year)
::The most recent Story Quest you completed was the one unlocked with {{color|bp|<CHARACTER NAME>}}: {{color|bp|<STORY QUEST CHAPTER>: <ACT>}} "{{color|bp|<STORY QUEST NAME>}}." {{color|bp|<STORY QUEST SUMMARY>}}
:;({{Quest|Traveler Observation Report}})<!-- Albedo -->
:::Preliminary conclusion: You're very much like a human from this world. You're able to converse with me here without consequence. But it's arguably a small miracle...
:;({{Quest|The Illusions of the Mob}})<!-- Alhaitham -->
:::Prevented from spreading by negative emotions, the "collective consciousness" collapsed. Perhaps "fitting in" isn't important at all...
:;({{Quest|Wind, Courage, and Wings}})<!-- Amber -->
:::Not only did you pass your gliding license, but you caught Raptor too! An Outrider is truly made of stern stuff~
:;({{Quest|Rise Up, Golden Soul}})<!-- Arataki Itto -->
:::"Hey, you're finally back!" "C'mon, I'll introduce you!" "It's time everyone met my best friend."
:;({{Quest|When the Hearth-Flame Goes Out}})<!-- Arlecchino -->
:::Now that the flames have purged the shackles of freedom, "family" is no longer a synonym for "purgatory"... The aurora in Snezhnaya truly is stunning.
:;({{Quest|The Heart of Healing}})<!-- Baizhu -->
:::...For a selfish moth like me, who's afraid of the flame, yet yearns for the light, the only path forward is up towards the moon.
:;({{Quest|When They Talk About Tonight}})<!-- Chiori -->
:::"No challenge is too great. Chioriya caters to no one, not even the times."
:;({{Quest|Silent Night}})<!-- Clorinde -->
:::If their deeds are destined to go unsung, then for what does the Marechaussee Hunter continue their pursuit...
:;({{Quest|Sands of Solitude}})<!-- Cyno -->
:::A "father" who lost a child, and someone who lives strictly by their principles... In sacrificing himself, he passes on both his conviction and his courage...
:;({{Quest|Oathkeeper}})<!-- Cyno -->
:::The glory of Hermanubis shines forth once more, turning doubt and schism into order and collaboration.
:;({{Quest|Lionsblood}})<!-- Dehya -->
:::Childish, but with a heart of gold. Always saying one thing but meaning another, it was his love that preserved his daughter's freedom and kind-hearted nature, and he came to embody her idea of a true hero...
:;({{Quest|Darknight Hero's Alibi}})<!-- Diluc -->
:::As an assistant, it's your job to ensure that the Darknight Hero's identity is kept top-secret.
:;({{Quest|Floral Debt, Blood Due}})<!-- Emilie -->
:::People's obsession with "Auguste," and the fervor they showed at the height of the "Perfume Mania," has long-since gone beyond a mere appreciation for "accord," in and of itself...
:;({{Quest|The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea}})<!-- Eula -->
:::She gave up the "glory" of the aristocracy, and in her own way protects the "freedom" of the people of Mondstadt.{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|"The Little Oceanid"}})<!-- Furina -->
:::"If you become human, you can reveal your secret to no one. You will face suffering and loneliness... Is this truly what you want?"
:;({{Quest|Sea of Clouds, Sea of People}})<!-- Ganyu -->
:::A witness to Liyue's millennial history, she knew long ago that Liyue Harbor had already become her home...
:;({{Quest|Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away}})<!-- Hu Tao -->
:::The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor guards the border between life and death, helping appease lingering passions at the place where all begins and all goes to rest...{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|Master's Day Off}})<!-- Jean -->
:::Finally, a day off... With such kindness and determination, the Dandelion Knight is sure to have Vennessa's support!
:;({{Quest|A Strange and Friendless Road}})<!-- Kaedehara Kazuha -->
:::The blade lost its original master, and lost sight of the difference between gratitude and grudge... It reforged itself so as to live as a continuation of the Isshin Art...
:;({{Quest|Secret Pirate Treasure}})<!-- Kaeya -->
:::Ugh, that Kaeya... What's this about pirate swords and hidden treasure... But if it helps us catch the Treasure Hoarders, it's all good~
:;({{Quest|The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit}})<!-- Kamisato Ayaka -->
:::"Please, keep your eyes on me..."
:;({{Quest|The Firmiana Leaf Falls}})<!-- Kamisato Ayato -->
:::With strategic wit, one resolved thorny problems and contributed to a joyous union. Once dubbed as a "burden" child, now the dependable head of the Kamisato Clan...
:;({{Quest|True Treasure}})<!-- Klee -->
:::Explosion inside city wall, grounded be thy woe. Explosions can hurt people, Jean can be dreadful. Mondstadt be bombed, Klee be doomed.{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|Troublesome Work}})<!-- Lisa -->
:::Chasing up unreturned books is such a pain... But shopping for gifts, enjoying fine food, and admiring the flowers together made it all worth it~{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|The Forgotten Thief}})<!-- Lyney -->
:::"Let's fulfill his past dream for him. It feels like those happy moments are right in front of us."
:;({{Quest|Beyond This World's Stars}})<!-- Mona -->
:::The astronomical knowledge she wanted back after 50 years, turns out to be this diary!? {{Not a Typo|>.<}}
:;({{Quest|Lingering Warmth}})<!-- Nahida -->
:::Dreams may be beautiful, but people don't only live for themselves. Life is not just about yourself...{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|Homecoming}})<!-- Nahida -->
:::Corrupted by forbidden knowledge, the creature Apep lost some of its memories when this knowledge was purged...
:;({{Quest|Braving the Tides Together}})<!-- Navia -->
:::If the beauty of the past was what defined her starting point, then the love and courage of the present have made her the person she is today.{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|The Remains of the Past Day}})<!-- Neuvillette -->
:::"Over four hundred years ago," everything was different from how it is today. "Our dreams have come true!"
:;({{Quest|To the Wise}})<!-- Nilou -->
:::The Zubayr Theater is like a bond that brings people together, spreading warmth and goodwill...
:;({{Quest|Reflections of Mortality}})<!-- Raiden Shogun -->
:::Leave the Plane of Euthymia and you'll find yourself on the solid ground of Inazuma. Ei's will is changing...{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|Transient Dreams}})<!-- Raiden Shogun -->
:::Time was moving forward and backward at the same time. The Ei of the present planted the Sacred Sakura in the realm of consciousness, and it took root in the Inazuma of the past...{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|The Meaning of Lupical}})<!-- Razor -->
:::As Lupical, they must both protect the village and keep the rules of the wolf pack. Razor is... very special...
:;({{Quest|Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing}})<!-- Sangonomiya Kokomi -->
:::"Swordfish II's captain came back today. Energy +4."{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|The Warmth of Lies}})<!-- Sigewinne -->
:::Is appearance really that important? Especially when you compare it to the warmth of someone's palms. After all, that's the "you" that people will always remember.
:;({{Quest|Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!}})<!-- Tartaglia -->
:::"My brother's the best toy seller in the whole world! He's Mr. Cyclops' bestest friend!"{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|The Unanswerable Problems}})<!-- Tighnari -->
:::A desire to "fix its master" overpowered the "survival instinct" that its master gave it...
:;({{Quest|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land}})<!-- Venti -->
:::"Fly, fly away, like a bird in the sky. See the world on my behalf, to the heavens may you fly..."
:;({{Quest|Reborn in the Land of Grievances}})<!-- Wriothesley -->
:::They destroyed someone in pursuit of their own selfish desires, yet they seem not to care in the slightest... This "tragedy" should be ended &mdash; here and now &mdash; in the place it has come to rest.
:;({{Quest|Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip}})<!-- Xiangling -->
:::Cooked from the meat of an extinct boar! That's the head chef of the Wanmin Restaurant for you!
:;({{Quest|A Thousand Moonlit Miles}})<!-- Xianyun -->
:::"One's disciples are free to come and go as they wish, yet the door remains forever open to those who wish to return." A home, a nest, a haven... a place where dreams will always come true.
:;({{Quest|Butterfly's Dream}})<!-- Xiao -->
:::The mask of the Conqueror of Demons... conceals the weakness brought by human desire...
:;({{Quest|Bookworm Swordsman}})<!-- Xingqiu -->
:::Looks like a geek, but chivalric at heart. But his handwriting is...{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|The Great Narukami Offering}})<!-- Yae Miko -->
:::Recite "The Secret Spells of Lady Kitsune" on a moonless night, and any of your wishes will come true...
:;({{Quest|Calculated Gambit}})<!-- Yelan -->
:::Clever people can always come up with a good excuse. Originally a frontrunner to become the Tianshu's successor, they ended up deviating from their original intention...
:;({{Quest|Dreamlike Timelessness}})<!-- Yoimiya -->
:::"As long as you've got that little piece of paper, you'll always be a valued customer of the Naganoharas." We guarantee we can make the exact same firework, whether it's ten or even a hundred years later...
:;({{Quest|Star-Pickers' Passage}})<!-- Yoimiya -->
:::The meteors we summoned flew up from the ground... They were exactly like fireworks!
:;({{Quest|Sal Flore}})<!-- Zhongli -->
:::The truth can also be a form of punishment. This gentle, kind, but weak God of Salt could never protect anyone in wartime...{{Verify}}
:;({{Quest|No Mere Stone}})<!-- Zhongli -->
:::Erosion ground Azhdaha's consciousness and rationality into oblivion, and the dragon's fateful relationship became the very incarnation of its inevitable calamity...

===Challenges===
;(If the player has not fought any Enemies of Note in the past year)
::Over the course of this year's journey, you have never before feared powerful foes, Traveler. Be brave and rise to the challenge.
;(If the player has fought at least one Enemy of Note in the past year)
::Over the course of this year's journey, you've challenged a total of {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} Enemies of {{sic|Note|expected=Note.}} You've challenged Domains a total of {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} time(s). Traveler, who fears neither formidable foes nor arduous challenges &mdash; keep forging ahead!

===Kamera===
;(If the player has never used the [[Kamera]] in the past year)
::Why not slow down the pace and use your Kamera to capture every moment of the journey?
;(If the player took at least one photo with the Kamera in the past year)
::Over the course of this year's journey, you've taken {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} photo(s) with your Kamera. Never forget that the journey itself is also the destination~

===Companions===
:As of now, {{sic|you’ve|hide=1}} made the acquaintance of {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} companions in Teyvat, including {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} 5-star characters and {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} 4-star characters.

;(If the player does not own any 5-star weapon)
::Trustworthy companions and handy weapons provide powerful support in battle!
;(If the player owns at least one 5-star weapon)
::Equipping your companions with the right weapons can make battles far more efficient. You've amassed a total of {{color|bp|<NUMBER>}} 5-star weapons!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Natlan Chapter==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Loading screen)
:Guided by the [[Sacred Flame]], in a land of courage and combat, the [[Saurian]]s charge forth~

===Archon Quests===
;(If the player has not completed [[Flowers Resplendent on the Sun-Scorched Sojourn]])
::Amidst vibrant stone and above flaming springs, the enemies of the [[Abyss]] are poised to strike &mdash; the Land of Saurians is in desperate need of a hero's arrival.

;(If the player has only completed Flowers Resplendent on the Sun-Scorched Sojourn)
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter V: Act I
::'''Flowers Resplendent on the Sun-Scorched Sojourn'''
::After the "Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame," the heroes set forth once more to the "Night Kingdom." The "Abyssal Pylson" stands ever ready to unleash its threat upon the lands and lives of Natlan... Let's vanquish the Abyss and seize victory and glory for Natlan!

;(If the player has completed [[Black Stone Under a White Stone]])
::Remembering Archon Quest Chapter V: Act II
::'''Black Stone Under a White Stone'''
::The "[[Ode of Resurrection]]" suddenly fails, and the "rules" that have governed the nation for five centuries are on the brink of collapse. Faced with the crisis of Natlan's destruction and the danger that traps their friend, the destined hero rises. Can humanity withstand the impending annihilation?

===Statue of The Seven and Tona Flame===
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Pyro have not been unlocked)
::"The world opens itself before those with noble hearts." If you find Pyroculi during your journey, remember to collect and offer them to the Statues of The Seven.
;(If the Statues of The Seven - Pyro have been unlocked)
::As of now, your Statue of The Seven - Pyro is at Level {{color|anemo|<NUMBER>}}. May the Pyro Archon bless you~

;(If [[Tona's Flame's Restitution]] has not been unlocked)
::Offer the [[Pyro Sigil]]s you obtain on your adventures to the [[Tablet of Tona]]. The Sacred Flame will remember and reward you for all your efforts.
;(If Tona's Flame's Restitution has been unlocked)
::As of now, your Tona's Flame has reached Level {{color|anemo|<NUMBER>}}. The Sacred Flame will remember and reward you for all your efforts.

===Tribe Reputation===
;(If Tribe Reputation has not been unlocked)
::There are piles of commissions over at all the different tribes. Go lend them a hand when you're free!
;(If Tribe Reputation has been unlocked)
::As of now, your Reputation with the [[Children of Echoes]] has reached Level {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}. Your Reputation with the [[People of the Springs]] has reached Level {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}. Your Reputation with the [[Scions of the Canopy]] has reached Level {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}. In the face of crisis, every tribe is short-handed and eagerly awaits your assistance!

===Spiral Abyss===
;([[Spiral Abyss]] challenges)
:;(If the player has not challenged the Spiral Abyss in the past year)
:::Deep within the Spiral Abyss, a relic of an ancient, long-lost civilization, lie treasures forgotten by the world. Head down to face its combat challenges and defeat the powerful foes within, and perhaps these hidden treasures might be yours...
:;(If the player has challenged the Spiral Abyss in the past year)
:::Over the course of this year's journey, you collected a total of {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} Abyssal Star(s) in the Spiral Abyss. Your deepest descent was Floor {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}, Chamber {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}, and the most Abyssal Stars you obtained in a single Lunar Phase was {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}.

;(If the player has challenged the Spiral Abyss at least once)
::As of now, {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}, {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}, and {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 3>}} have fought by your side in the Spiral Abyss many times, battling together {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} time(s) within its depths. The deeper you delve into these ruins, the more secrets you shall uncover...
<!--
As of now, {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} has fought by your side in the Spiral Abyss many times, battling together {num} time(s) within its depths. The deeper you delve into these ruins, the more secrets you shall uncover...
As of now, {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} and {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}} have fought by your side in the Spiral Abyss many times, battling together {num} time(s) within its depths. The deeper you delve into these ruins, the more secrets you shall uncover...
-->

;(If the player has not challenged the [[Imaginarium Theater]])
::The Imaginarium Theater is both a challenge and a performance, and in this adventure story without end, these stories of shining bravery are at the same time precious memories and hidden treasures. (Imaginarium Theater Data Evaluation Period: July 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 (UTC+8))

;(If the player has challenged the Imaginarium Theater at least once)
::As of now, your best record in the Imaginarium Theater was to reach Act {{color|buzzword|<NUMBER>}}. You've reached a total of {{color|buzzword|<NUMBER>}} Act(s).
:;(If the player's Supporting Cast characters were ever used)
:::Your Supporting Cast characters have assisted other players a total of {{color|buzzword|<AMOUNT>}} time(s).
::This is both a challenge and a performance, and in this adventure story without end, these stories of shining bravery are at the same time precious memories and hidden treasures. (Imaginarium Theater Data Evaluation Period: July 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 (UTC+8))
{{Dialogue End}}

==Annual Summary==
===Annual Title===
;Adjectives
{{Column|3|
* Fearless
* Skilled
* Keen
* Wealthy
* Rising
* Confident
* Unflinching
* Elegant
* Creative
* Calm
* Knowledgeable
* Smart
* Determined
* Mysterious
* Peace-Loving
}}

;Positions
{{Column|3|
* Traveler
* Gourmet
* Adventurer
* Renowned Singer
* Knight of Favonius
* Bard
* Fortune Teller
* Storyteller
* Millionaire
* Liyue Opera Connoisseur
* Novelist
* Ronin
* Long-Distance Runner
* Akademiya Researcher
* Member of the [[Crux Fleet]]
* Silver Level Courier of the [[Komaniya Express]]
* Opera Performer
* Fashion Designer
* Research Institute Researcher
* Renowned Patissier
* Graffiti Artist
* Freelance Musician
* Alchemist
* Monster Hunter
* Treasure Hunter
* Teyvat Star Chef
* Renowned Architect
* Famous Detective
* Book Collected
* Animal Caretaker
}}

===Annual Keywords (Stellar Highlights)===
{{Stub|Help determine thresholds with data that is near the estimated thresholds. (Some have additional information in HTML comments)<br>Find missing keywords (suspected missing: chests, artifacts, Enemies of Note, common enemies)}}
''Note: The conditions listed below were determined by players based on available data and may not be completely accurate.''

Keywords are divided into 18 groups, and all players receive one keyword per group. Within each group, players receive the first keyword they qualify for, starting from the top as listed below.

Players on the Chinese servers can additionally view the corresponding stat for each keyword when set as one of their four keywords. This is not available on the global servers, even if the player's language is set to Chinese (Simplified) or Chinese (Traditional).

;Registration
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Loyal From Day One || Joined during ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s first year (September 28, 2020 to September 27, 2021)
|-
| 1,000 Days of Companionship<!-- 千天的陪伴 on global servers with ZHS, 近千天陪伴 on Chinese servers --> || Joined during ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s second year (September 28, 2021 to September 27, 2022)
|-
| Reminiscing on Another Year || Joined during ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s third year (September 28, 2022 to September 27, 2023)
|-
| New Arrival in Teyvat || Joined during ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s fourth year (September 28, 2023 to September 27, 2024)
|}

;Commissions
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Top-Tier Adventurer || Completed over 2000{{Verify}} commissions total
|-
| Conscientious Adventurer || Completed over 1000{{Verify}} commissions in the past year
|-
| Hard Worker || Completed over {{tx}}<!-- likely 700, 750, or 800 --> commissions in the past year
|-
| Occasionally Takes Days Off || Completed over 500{{Verify}} commissions in the past year
|-
| Focused on Exploration || -
|}

;Mora
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Ahead-Of-Version Consumer || Negative net Mora in the past year
|-
| Multi-Million Mora Cash Flow || Earned at least {{tx}} Mora<!-- threshold is anywhere between 1.6 million and 25 million --> in the past year
|-
| Esteemed Millionaire Client of the Northland Bank || Earned at least one million Mora{{Verify}} in the past year<!-- also possible: spent Mora in the past year -->
|-
| Northland Bank VIP || -
|}

;Chests
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Lord of the Treasure Hunters || Opened over {{tx}} chests total<!-- likely 4000 or 5000 -->
|-
| Elite Treasure Hunter || Opened over 3000{{Verify}} chests total<!--
|-
| Hands Numb From Opening Chests || Opened over {{tx}} chests in the past year --><!-- definitely over 2,295 but... -->
|-
| Traveling Treasure Hunt || Opened over 17{{Verify|should be higher}} chests in the past year
|-
| I Didn't See Any Treasure Chests... || -
|}

;Maximum Friendship Namecards
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Max Friendship Achieved! || Own at least 1{{Verify}} [[namecard]] from [[Friendship Level]] 10
|-
| Love That's Hard to Express || No namecards from Friendship Level 10 owned
|}

;Characters
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Everyone Met! || Have all characters{{Verify}}
|-
| Perfect Enhancement! || Have at least {{tx}} characters{{Verify}}
|-
| Enhancement in Progress... || Have at least {{tx}}<!-- greater than 4 including Traveler --> characters{{Verify}}
|-
| Meetings Are Meant to Be~ || -
|}

;Weapons
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| 5-Star Weapon Master! || Own at least 10 weapons of 5-star quality
|-
| Armed and Ready || Own at least 1{{Verify}} level 90 weapon of 5-star quality
|-
| Weapons Expert || Own at least 1 level 90 weapon{{Verify}}<!-- also possible: Own at least 1 weapon of 5-star quality -->
|-
| Forging Apprentice || 
|}

;Artifacts
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Packed to the Brim! || Own {{tx}} artifacts{{Verify}}
|-
| Golden Legend! || Challenge [[Domains of Blessing]] {{tx}} times in the past year{{Verify}}<!--
|-
| Constantly Improving || Challenge [[Domains of Blessing]] {{tx}} times in the past year{{Verify}}-->
|-
| Time for a Time Out || -
|}

;Enemies of Note
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| [[Confront Stormterror]]!
| rowspan="10" | Challenged this Enemy of Note more than any other in the past year
|-
| [[Dominator of Wolves]]!
|-
| [[Golden House]]!
|-
| [[Dragon-Queller]]!
|-
| [[Narukami Island: Tenshukaku]]!{{Verify}}<!-- not yet found, assumed to exist -->
|-
| [[End of the Oneiric Euthymia]]!
|-
| [[Joururi Workshop]]!
|-
| [[The Realm of Beginnings]]!
|-
| [[Shadow of Another World]]!
|-
| [[Scattered Ruins]]!{{Verify}}<!-- not yet found, assumed to exist -->
|-
| The Art of Survival || Did not challenge any Enemies of Note in the past year
|}

;Common <!-- and Elite --> Enemies
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Hilichurl Hunter
| rowspan="3" | Defeated more of this enemy than any other in the past year
|-
| Slime Hunter
|-
| Clockwork Meka Hunter
|-
| Lover of Peace || Did not defeat any common <!-- or elite --> enemies in the past year<!-- not yet found:
|-
| Specter Hunter || 
|-
| Abyss Hunter || 
|-
| Fatuus Hunter || 
|-
| Automaton Hunter || 
|-
| Treasure Hoarder Hunter || 
|-
| Nobushi Hunter || 
|-
| Eremite Hunter || 
|-
| Supreme Fungus Hunter || 
|-
| Whopperflower Hunter || 
|-
| Vishap Hunter || 
|-
| Fontemer Aberrant Hunter ||
-->
|}

;Spiral Abyss
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Overlord of the Abyss! || Obtained all Abyssal Stars possible in the past year (720)
|-
| Into the Depths of the Spiral Abyss! || Reached Floor 12, Chamber 3 in the past year
|-
| Explorer of the Spiral Abyss! || Challenged the Spiral Abyss in the past year{{Verify|What if you did Spiral Abyss Floors 1-8 but not 9-12?}}
|-
| The Spiral Abyss? No Thanks... || -
|}

;Fishing
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Fully-Licensed Angler! || Caught at least 30{{Verify|possibly lower}}<!-- definitely over 6 --> fish in the past year via [[fishing]]
|-
| Dust-Covered Fishing Rod || -
|}

;Cooking
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Star Chef! || Cooked at least 150{{Verify|probably lower}}<!-- definitely over 2 --> dishes in the past year
|-
| Pots Gone Rusty || -
|}

;Wildlife Furnishings
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Zoo Tycoon! || Caught at least 5 creatures with the [[Omni-Ubiquity Net]] in the past year
|-
| Admirer of Mother Nature || -
|}

;Books
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Walking Encyclopedia! || Obtained at least 15{{Verify|possibly lower}} books in the past year
|-
| Actions Speak Louder Than Words || -
|}

;Photos
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Freelance Photographer of The Steambird! || Took at least 40{{Verify|probably lower}} photos in the past year
|-
| Beautiful Scenes Cherished Within || -
|}

;Genius Invokation TCG
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Invokation Master! || Dueled at least 10 times with a win rate of over 50% in the past year{{Verify|Does Player Level matter?}}
|-
| Dueled Across the Land! || Dueled at least 10 times with a win rate less than or equal to 50% in the past year{{Verify|Does Player Level matter?}}
|-
| Association-Certified Player || Player Level 8{{Verify}} or higher
|-
| Fancy a Game? || -
|}

;Serenitea Pot
{| class="fandom-table"
|-
! style="width:14rem; min-width:14rem;" | Keyword
! style="width:50rem;" | Condition
|-
| Human Timber Machine! || Obtained at least 100{{Verify}} pieces of [[wood]] in the past year
|-
| Receiver of Friends From Afar! || Received at least 1 visitor in the past year
|-
| One Teapot's Not Enough! || Adeptal Energy reached an apex of at least {{tx}}
|-
| First Glimpse of Grandeur || -
|}

=="Akasha" Decorations==
===Hairstyles===
{| class=wikitable
! Icon !! Description
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 01|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 02|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 03|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 04|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 05|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 06|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 07|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 08|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 09|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A common hairstyle in Teyvat.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 10|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A rarely seen, yet often-thought-of hairstyle.
|}

===Expressions===
{| class=wikitable
! Icon !! Description
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 01|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Whether it's sunny, stormy, or a day of sandstorms, every day's a happy day in Teyvat~"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 02|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Ahhh! That's not a Sweet Flower! It's a Whopperflower!"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 03|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Time for a story, some tea, and a pot of Adeptus' Temptation~"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 04|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Couldn't stop myself from staying up all night reading light novels..."
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 05|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "I had a lovely, happy dream~"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 06|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Look, it's a Leisurely Otter! Wait, no, don't run away!"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 07|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "The mural on this stone wall is so cool!!!"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 08|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Serious, hardworking, and meticulous to a T!"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 09|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "It's the end of the month. Where's all my Mora gone..."
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 10|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Even some scholars don't like wearing glasses, you know..."
|}

===Clothes===
{| class=wikitable
! Icon !! Description
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 01|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Ad astra abyssosque"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 02|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Ad astra abyssosque"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 03|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Mondstadt is freedom," the winds sang for their people in delight.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 04|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Leave it to me~"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 05|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "While rock stays hard, the mountain shall never fail; while the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail."
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 06|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| What would you like to eat today? Lotus Flower Crisp, Mora Meat, or Almond Tofu~
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 07|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "Glory to the Shogun and her everlasting reign!"
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 08|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| The latest style of clothing, perfect for everyday wear.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 09|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| Each Darshan has its own research focus. Which one should I choose…
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 10|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| Perhaps... "Art" too is a materialization of "wisdom."
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 11|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| Happened to wind up near the Opera House after the end of my patrol. Time for my third run of "The Little Oceanid"!
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 12|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| Coffee-scented perfume, and a fashionable design inspired by Blubber Profiteroles. Today's outfit is perfect too!
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 13|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| There are five key things to remember when practicing surfing moves, known as the "Five Fundamentals."
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 14|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| What!? You're saying some people don't have Saurian companions...?
|}

===Accessories===
{| class=wikitable
! Icon !! Description
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 01|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A pair of bog-standard glasses.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 02|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A bun steamed at just the right temperature.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 03|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A mask designed based on a folktale.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 04|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "An Akasha Terminal-shaped accessory, created by a toy merchant.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 05|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A freshly picked Lumidouce Bell.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 06|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| Tribal headwear that's a bit on the large side.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 07|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A rarely seen type of sunglasses that exudes a "Mountains of Mora" vibe.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 08|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A cat ear accessory that's almost indistinguishable from the real thing.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 09|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A doll that brings both good weather and good luck.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 10|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| "A special flatbread that doubles as both food and a weapon.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 11|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| A hat that's simultaneously low-key and intriguingly mysterious.
|-
| {{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 12|mini=1|nolink=1}}
| Showcase your personalized patterns with these gorgeous paints! {{sic|&mdash;}}
|}

==Journey in the Akasha Quick Messages==
{{Dialogue Start}}
===Natlan Scene===
* Greetings! Happy 4th Anniversary!!!
* Wanna dance? C'mon, let's get down with the groove!
* Wanna make friends? My UID is <UID>, and I'm on the <SERVER NAME> server!
* Almighty Dragonlord!
* K'uhul Ajaw!
* Dvalin, Dragon of the East!
* Azhdaha, overlord of the Geovishaps!
* Apep, the Dragon of Verdure!
* Hydro Dragon... Iudex Neuvillette!
;(If Mavuika is present)<!--dances with Mavuika-->
* How can I turn my hair into flames...?
;(If Kinich is present)<!--Ajaw comes out and the player is shocked-->
* Today's commission is... to come on a tour of Natlan with me!
;(If Mualani is present)<!--dances with Mualani-->
* How awesome to bump into the perfect guide after having just arrived in Natlan!

===Mondstadt Scene===
* Olah! Olah!
* Muhe ye! Sada~ Sada~
* Wanna team up to take down some hilichurls? My UID is <UID>, and I'm on the <SERVER NAME> server!
* Mimi movo~ Mimi sada~ Mimi mita mitono~
* Yeye kucha kucha. Mi dada! Mi lawa!
* Silly-churl, billy-churl.
* Silly-billy hilichurl.
* Chilly-churl, frilly-churl.
* Chilly-frilly, hilichurl.
;(If Venti is present)<!--sings with Venti-->
* There's wine, and there's singing~ Being a bard in Mondstadt must be the happiest job in the whole of Teyvat...
;(If Klee is present)<!--Klee throws a Jumpy Dumpty into the campfire which explodes-->
* Da-da da! Jumpedy Jump! Klee's so happy she could explode!
;(If Eula is present)<!--dances with Eula + "That's awesome!"-->
* Another day of vengeance begins...

===Liyue Scene===
* Hello, everyone!
* Might not be the best place for music or tea, but it's so spacious. How about we take this opportunity for a little spar?
* Fancy hanging out in my Serenitea Pot? My UID is <UID>, and I'm on the <SERVER NAME> server!
* Come, let's make a pinky promise! A promise that we'll be happy every day, starting... today!
* Salt and pepper Pyro Slimes, Hydro Slimes with garlic and herbs, roasted Geo Slimes, and Dendro Slime stew... Mmmmm, so tasty!
* One, two... breathe. Three, four, and umm...
* Oh right, breathe. Whew...
* When the sun's out, bathe in sunlight~
* But when the moon's out, bathe in moonlight~
;(If Zhongli is present)<!--Zhongli levitates a shiny rock + "Mora? Stone..." + the player gets sparkly-eyed-->
* Would you like to hear the tales of Rex Lapis's mountain adventures? Fifty thousand Mora, and they're yours to hear!
;(If Ganyu is present)<!--Ganyu writes furiously and the player gets dizzy-->
* Though work and contracts are important, don't forget to make time to appreciate the reeds of Dihua Marsh, the mountain breeze of Jueyun Karst, and the moonlit vistas of Chenyu Vale too~
;(If Hu Tao is present)<!--Hu Tao summons Boo Tao and the player gets dizzy-->
* Vishaps... could be clients too!

===Inazuma Scene===
* Meow~ Meow meow meow~
* Today's thunder has finally come to a lull... It's so nice to get a chance to sunbathe!
* Wanna go watch the kitties under the Sakura Tree? My UID is <UID>, and I'm on the <SERVER NAME> server!
* Meow~ meow~ meow meow meow meow meowww~ meow<nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>!
* Ouch! Ha!
* If you're a bro, try taking me down!
* One down, another three to go!
* Dango in Milk &mdash; like diving into a sea of happiness!
* A glass of Milk and Lavender Melon a day keeps the doctor away! Haha~
;(If Raiden Shogun is present)<!--the player becomes a tiger-striped cat reaching its paw at the falling sakura petals-->
* Fancy a read? This one's called "I Became a Master Chef After the System Forced Me to Learn 300 Everyday Recipes"
;(If Yae Miko is present)<!--the player becomes a black cat waving its tail under the falling sakura petals-->
* Fancy a read? This one's called "Would You Like Some Fried Tofu Today?"
;(If Sangonomiya Kokomi is present)<!--the player becomes a Northland cat playing with jellyfish-->
* Fancy a read? This one's called "How to Train an Ace General"

===Sumeru Scene===
* Hello, big tree. Hello, little grass. Hello, mushroom. Hello, friend!
* Sing together, for the forest, and for the desert.
* So clever! Can we be friends? My UID is <UID>, and I'm on the <SERVER NAME> server!
* La la la la la~ La la la la la~
* Radishes never exactly the same, but in dreamland, all the same size! And all equally sweet!
* Aranara count for a long time, a long, long time. How far did Aranara get?
* To 76! Amazing! Aranara count to 76!
* Dreaming, dreamed, a dream hidden, inside dream in a dream.
* Almost awake, still asleep, unsure after waking, if awake or not.
;(If Nahida is present)<!--singing with Nahida-->
* Rockabye Flower Carriage, in the treetops... Rockabye... Rocka... *snoring*
;(If Nilou is present)<!--dancing with Nilou-->
* If you don't know what to say... then just dance!
;(If Alhaitham is present)<!--the player plays tic tac toe on the ground while Alhaitham takes out a book and writes in it-->
* To rest, or to think, in silence...

===Fontaine Scene===
* There are so many people in the water! Hello, everyone!
* My bubbles are so huge, they could fit everyone inside!
* Wanna head over to the opera house to watch a performance together? My UID is <UID>, and I'm on the <SERVER NAME> server!
* Blub blub, blub blub blub...
* So one bottle of Fonta is 160 Mora... How many Credit Coupons is that again?
* Spend all day swimming in the sea...
* From east to west...
* Then south to north...
* Then top to bottom...
;(If Furina is present)<!--Furina performs while the player gets heart-eyed-->
* C'mon, be brave, and never give in! You're a star of the stage, and you'll work miracles for sure!
;(If Neuvillette is present)<!--the player and Neuvillette both have a smiling emoji in a dream bubble-->
* Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry~
;(If Navia is present)<!--Navia takes out macarons to share + "Yum yum!"-->
* Desserts~ Desserts~ Delicious desserts~!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Players who have not unlocked a region's Reputation System are considered to have reached Reputation Lv. 1 in the first five nations.{{Verify|verified for Fontaine}}
* The entries that can list up to three characters may not list three characters if there are not enough eligible characters to list. There are no errors when this happens<!-- saying this because there appear to be other errors for other things -->. (For example, if the player only [[#Cooking|cooked]] with two characters in the past year, this will be the corresponding sentence shown: "The characters who often help you cook are {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} and {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}.")
* "{{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}}, {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}}, and {{color|Pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 3>}}'s Talents have all reached exceptionally high levels" appears even if all characters on the account have level 1 Talents. The characters selected are the ones with the highest Talent levels excluding levels from [[Constellations]]; in the case of ties, the most recently released or obtained{{Verify|Which one?}} characters are prioritized, regardless of what other enhancements the characters have.
* "Ad astra... Thank you... [Ding, Primogems x20 obtained.]" is a reference to many players prematurely ending Katheryne's voice-overs when they claim their Daily Commission rewards.
* The line "Can the mask, imbued with memories and resting in your backpack, welcome its owner back once more?" appears to be referencing [[Mask of Memories]] or [[A Mask]]; however, this line shows even for players who have not completed the {{Quest|Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual}} and therefore have never received either item.

===Journey in the Akasha Quick Messages===
* The Mondstadt scene has four quick messages in [[Hilichurlian]].
* The Mondstadt scene has four quick messages that reference [[Hu Tao]]'s hilichurl song.<!-- ZHS, EN, and ES verified --> The full version of her song can be found in her "More About Hu Tao: I" voice-over.
* The Liyue scene has five quick messages that directly reference certain characters' voice-overs as playable characters<!-- intentionally narrow focus -->:
** "Salt and pepper Pyro Slimes, Hydro Slimes with garlic and herbs, roasted Geo Slimes, and Dendro Slime stew... Mmmmm, so tasty!" references [[Xiangling]]'s "Chat: Pyro Slime" voice-over.
** "One, two... breathe. Three, four, and umm..." and "Oh right, breathe. Whew..." reference one of [[Qiqi]]'s idle animation voice-overs.
** "When the sun's out, bathe in sunlight~" and "But when the moon's out, bathe in moonlight~" are directly lifted from Hu Tao's "Chat: Taking a Break" voice-over.
* Many of the quick messages in the Sumeru scene appear to be mimicking the way the [[Aranara]] speak.
* The quick message "Spend all day swimming in the sea..." and the three messages that follow are directly lifted from dialogue between Wriothesley and Neuvillette in {{Quest|The Truth of What Was}}.

[[ru:Воспоминания среди звёзд/История]]