{{Event Tabs}}
{{Stub}}
{{Event
|name              = Starlight Reverie
|image             = Starlight Reverie.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-09-28 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-10-12 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/126173
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240928review-k6pzqq/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Reminisce about the starlit journey together, and enjoy the beautiful sights of Teyvat~!}}
'''Starlight Reverie''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 5.0]].

==Event Duration==
September 28, 2024 – October 12, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Eligibility==
Travelers who have reached Adventure Rank 10 or above can participate in this event.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The data for the "Starlight Reverie" event will be collected up to September 25, 2024 00:00 (UTC+8) (there may be a margin of error of about 30 minutes) and is valid only for Travelers who have reached Adventure Rank 10 or above before the cut-off time.

==Event Description==
During the event, click to enter the data books of different regions and view your travel memories. Finish viewing them to obtain Primogems and other in-game rewards.

You can also share the event and take part in the "Journey in the Akasha" to obtain in-game rewards.

==Share Memories==
After viewing all data sections, you will be able to click the "Annual Summary" button in the bottom-right corner of the event homepage to generate your own annual data summary page.

The Stellar Highlights in the annual data summary page will be generated based on your personalized data. You can freely select what content is displayed on your summary page, and can also edit your personalized decorations.

In the regional data books, you can download a long image containing your data from the current region as a memento, and can also share your travel memories with others through links or images.

By inviting friends through a special sharing link, you can connect and share data with them to view the similarities and differences in your annual data summaries.

==Journey in the Akasha==
After viewing all data sections, you will be able to click the "Journey in the Akasha" button in the bottom-right corner of the event homepage to enter the Journey in the Akasha page.

After selecting a map, you can start matching and join a "Journey in the Akasha" lobby. Once in the lobby, you can interact and communicate with other Travelers.

Travelers can also invite friends to join the current lobby by sharing the invitation link from within the lobby, or enter the lobby number to join a specific lobby.

Each lobby will have 1 visiting companion, and you might encounter different companions within the same type of map.

Perform interactions in various scenes to complete the "Journey in the Akasha" Check-In and earn rewards such as Primogems.

==Personalized Decorations==
You can complete various missions within the event to earn personalized decorations for this event. Some decorations can only be obtained through Recall Rewards. These decorations can only be used during this event.

There are four types of decorations: Hairstyles, Expressions, Outfits, and Accessories. Travelers can also choose their preferred skin tone.

When you edit your decorations on the Journey in the Akasha or Annual Summary pages, changes will be applied to all locations where your decorations are displayed. Your avatar in your friend sharing records will also be updated accordingly.

==Recall Rewards==
Returning Travelers must meet the following requirements: Reach Adventure Rank 10 or above, must not have logged into the game within 14 days prior to the start of the event, and must not have an ongoing Stellar Reunion mission, or returned to the game recently. Users who trigger Stellar Reunion during the event are also considered returning users.

Return statistics are based on the server time from 00:00 to 23:59. Users who first trigger Stellar Reunion after 04:00 on a given day will be eligible to participate in the event the following day.

The duration of this event is relatively long, so some users may fall outside the return criteria within the event period. Please use the return label updated after 04:00 on the day as the standard for determination.

Each Traveler can only link 1 returning Traveler. Successfully linking a returning Traveler will earn you Primogems ×60. Once the linked returning Traveler completes the specified missions, you will accumulate a total of Primogems ×100 in rewards!

Each returning Traveler can only be linked by one person. Returning Travelers who have been linked can still invite other returnees and link with them to obtain rewards.

{|class="article-table"
! Task
! Rewards
|-
| Link a Returning Friend
| {{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|60}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 08|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 10|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 07|nolink=1}}
|-
| Complete the exclusive returnee actions together with returning friends in the Natlan scene
| {{Card|show_caption=1|Hero's Wit|60}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 09|nolink=1}}
|-
| A returning friend whom you linked logs into Genshin Impact
| {{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|20}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 10|nolink=1}}
|-
| A returning friend whom you linked claims 4 Daily Commission rewards (0/4)
| {{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|10}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 11|nolink=1}}
|-
| A returning friend whom you linked completes any Domain once (0/1)
| {{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|10}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 12|nolink=1}}
|}

The returning Traveler will receive the following upon successful linking:
{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 10|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 07|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Special Quick Message|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Special Interaction|nolink=1}}

==Event Rewards==
===Rewards for Viewing All Regional Data Books===
Travelers can claim corresponding rewards by viewing different data sections in full. You can obtain a total of {{Item|Primogem|x=120}}.
{|class="article-table
!Task
!Rewards
|-
|Share the event once
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Mora|20000}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 09|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 10|nolink=1}}
|-
|Finish browsing through the data of the Mondstadt Chapter
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|20}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 03|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 04|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 03|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 02|nolink=1}}
|-
|Finish browsing through the data of the Liyue Chapter
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|20}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 05|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 06|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 07|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 03|nolink=1}}
|-
|Finish browsing through the data of the Inazuma Chapter
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|20}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 07|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 08|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 08|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 04|nolink=1}}
|-
|Finish browsing through the data of the Sumeru Chapter
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|20}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 09|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 10|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 04|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 05|nolink=1}}
|-
|Finish browsing through the data of the Fontaine Chapter
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|20}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 12|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 12|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 05|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 06|nolink=1}}
|-
|Finish browsing through the data of the Natlan Chapter
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Primogem|20}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 13|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Clothes 14|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 06|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Hairstyle 09|nolink=1}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 07|nolink=1}}
|}

===Participating in the Journey in the Akasha===
You'll be able to claim the corresponding rewards after you complete interactions in different Journey in the Akasha scenes.

You can obtain a total of {{Item|Primogem|x=60}}, {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=3}}, {{Item|Sanctifying Unction|x=5}}, as well as various materials from Teyvat.

{|class="article-table
!Task
!Rewards
|-
|Complete the "Journey in the Akasha" Check-In for all scenes
|{{Card|show_caption=1|Sanctifying Unction|5}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Expression 08|nolink=1}}
|-
|Complete any action in the Mondstadt scene
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*10;Philanemo Mushroom*5}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 01|nolink=1}}
|-
|Complete any action in the Liyue scene
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*10;Qingxin*5}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 02|nolink=1}}
|-
|Complete any action in the Inazuma scene
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*10;Sakura Bloom*5}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 03|nolink=1}}
|-
|Complete any action in the Sumeru scene
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*10;Padisarah*5}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 04|nolink=1}}
|-
|Complete any action in the Fontaine scene
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*10;Lakelight Lily*5}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 05|nolink=1}}
|-
|Complete any action in the Natlan scene
|{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*10;Saurian Claw Succulent*5}}{{Card|type=Starlight Reverie|Accessories 06|nolink=1}}
|}

===Sharing Rewards===
Share from anywhere within this web event to claim the corresponding rewards. You can obtain a total of {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.
<!--
==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|item1 = count
|item2 = count
|sort  = item1,item2
}}
{{Event Rewards
|type      = Event Items
|currency1 = count
|currency2 = count
|sort      = currency1,currency2
}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Starlight Reverie
|zhs      = 星路拾忆
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 星路拾憶
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 星々の道で思い出を拾って
|ja_rm    = Hoshiboshi no Michi de Omoide wo Hirotte
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 별똥별의 흔적을 따라
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Memorias estelares
|es_tl    = Stellar Memories
|fr       = Souvenirs parmi les étoiles
|fr_tl    = Memories Among the Stars
|ru       = Воспоминания среди звёзд
|ru_tl    = Memories Among the Stars
|th       = เส้นทางดวงดาว
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ký Ức Đường Sao
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Stellare Erinnerungen
|de_tl    = Stellar Memories
|id       = Memori Berbintang
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Reminiscências Estelares
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yıldız Işığı Hayali
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Ricordi tra le stelle
|it_tl    = Memories Among the Stars
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[fr:Souvenirs parmis les étoiles]]
[[pt-br:Reminiscências Estelares]]
[[ru:Воспоминания среди звёзд]]
[[vi:Ký Ức Đường Sao]]