{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00379
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 10
|description   = After a fierce battle, you managed to seize the [[Holy Lyre der Himmel]] back from the hands of the Fatui. For some reason, [[Venti]] seems to express a great nostalgia for the Lyre...
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Chasing Shadows
|next          = Fallen Tears
|next2         = Hidden Tears
|next3         = Stolen Tears
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 5,450
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|2,850}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|5}}{{Card|Partially Repaired Holy Lyre der Himmel|1}}
|characters    = Diluc;Jean;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=10}}

==Steps==
# Bring the Holy Lyre back to the tavern
# Talk to [[Venti]]
# Use Dvalin's Teardrop Crystal on the Holy Lyre
# Talk to [[Jean]]

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(In the tavern)
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Welcome back!
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, this is the Holy Lyre! You managed to retrieve it!
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The pattern of flowing wind carved on the rosewood... and the strings still feel cool to the touch too. Oh, the memories...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' What do you think, Venti? Can you summon Dvalin?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Although this lyre is the real thing, I doubt that it's going to work.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As you can see, the lyre has been through a thousand years of history. Its Anemo power has run dry.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' In this condition, you couldn't play music fit for even Diluc's tavern with it...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Bards fight to get on the stage of my tavern. Don't make assumptions!
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that really important right now, Master Diluc!?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And you &mdash; did you just borrow the Holy Lyre to play music for drunkards to hear?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean "hehe"!?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anyway, we won't be able to call Dvalin with it.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The lyre itself is fine, but the strings...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You're up, outlander!
:{{DIcon}} Are you talking about me?
:{{DIcon}} I don't know how to fix instruments.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Relax! It's not broken.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's just that the intensity of its Anemo power has greatly diminished.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' (Traveler), do you still have Dvalin's Teardrop Crystal with you?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 2 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Great! Try to use it on the Holy Lyre.
:{{DIcon}} Let me give it a try.
:;(You use the crystal on the lyre)
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It worked, as expected.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This youthful glow...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Praising yourself? Really?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...I was talking about the Holy Lyre.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Thanks to (Traveler) having purified the crystal, the Holy Lyre won't continue to lose power.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That said, its power is far from replenished. It'd be great if we could get more tears.
:{{DIcon}} We'll help.
::{{A|vo mdaq055 4 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can we gather more?
:{{DIcon}} Right. How do we do that?
:{{DIcon}} How can we make Dvalin cry? By hitting him?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I can surmise that Dvalin will already be crying...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Suffering alone in some deserted place...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Dvalin...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Poor baby...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This is not something that an Honorary Knight can accomplish alone. I will mobilize the rest of the knights to assist.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' When you get the Teardrop Crystal, please let (Traveler) perform the purification process.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Heroes supporting each other and setting out on a journey together... How exciting!
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Lemme come up with a song for you...
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that all you're going to do? Just sing?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wouldn't be much of a bard if I didn't now, would I?
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph. You're so cheeky... You deserve an ugly nickname.
:{{A|vo mdaq055 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows! From now on, you'll be known as "{{Color|buzzword|Tone-Deaf Bard}}"!
:;(Obtain [[Partially Repaired Holy Lyre der Himmel]])

----

:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' This search reminds me of a feud I once had with the Fatui.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Six months ago, a thief stole treasure from the East Temple of the Four Winds.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa. What was it? A cup used by Barbatos?
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No. Although if such a thing existed, it would be very valuable.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Among all the relics they managed to dig up, one particular object was very rare...
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It was a vial which contained the Anemo God's breath.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Relics come in every shape and form huh...
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Anyone with an eye for fine art would like to add this relic to their collection.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Once word got out, the Fatui started trying to seek it out as well.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' They've made tons of counterfeits that can be found everywhere.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In response, I just bought every one I could find, irrespective of its authenticity. We're still at it now.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I've bought more than two thousand fakes to date, and the Fatui are yet to find the real one.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa. You guys are insane...
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, it means that the real one must be out there somewhere on the black market, right?
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Paimon'll give you a discount on them if she finds any &mdash; cause Paimon's just great like that!
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sure, you can try to find the real one. I'll take what you find, even if they're fake.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Once you're done, find me at the winery. I'll trade you a beer for every 20 you find.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
|zhs     = 至宝的现状
|zhs_rm  = Zhìbǎo de Xiànzhuàng
|zht     = 至寶的現狀
|zht_rm  = Zhìbǎo de Xiànzhuàng
|zh_tl   = Treasure's Present Condition
|ja      = 宝の現状
|ja_rm   = Takara no Genjou
|ja_tl   = Treasure's Present Condition
|ko      = 보물의 상태
|ko_rm   = Bomul-ui Sangtae
|ko_tl   = Treasure's Condition
|es      = Estado de Der Himmel, la Lira Sagrada
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = L'état de la Lyre
|fr_tl   = The State of the Lyre
|ru      = Починка небесной лиры
|ru_tl   = Repair of the Heavenly Lyre
|th      = สภาพของ Holy Lyre der Himmel
|th_rm   = Saphap khong Holy Lyre der Himmel
|th_tl   = State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
|vi      = Hiện Trạng Của Bảo Vật
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = In den Händen ein Schatz
|de_tl   = In the Hands is a Treasure
|id      = Kondisi Holy Lyre
|id_tl   = Holy Lyre Condition
|pt      = Estado da Lira Sagrada der Himmel
|pt_tl   = State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[pt-br:Estado da Lira Sagrada der Himmel]]