{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.5]]
* Added 1 Statue of The Seven - Pyro within the area [[Atocpan]] in [[Natlan]].
** Total amount of Statues of The Seven is now 48.
----
[[Version 5.2]]
* Added 3 Statue of The Seven - Pyro within the areas [[Ochkanatlan]], [[Quahuacan Cliff]] and [[Tezcatepetonco Range]] in [[Natlan]].
** Total amount of Statues of The Seven is now 47.
----
[[Version 5.0]]
* Statues of The Seven - Pyro were released, with 4 within the areas [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Coatepec Mountain]], [[Tequemecan Valley]] and [[Toyac Springs]] in [[Natlan]].
** Total amount of Statues of The Seven is now 44.
* Offering [[Oculi]] to a Statue of the Seven of any [[element]] will award the player [[Stamina]] until they reach 240 Max Stamina, and is no longer restricted to Anemo and Geo Statues.
----
[[Version 4.8]]
* Added '"<name>" can be offered to' prompt when the player has sufficient offerings to level up.
----
[[Version 4.6]]
* Added 1 Statue of The Seven - Hydro within the area [[Nostoi Region]] in [[Fontaine]].
** Total amount of Hydro Statues is now 8, for a total of 40 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 4.4]]
* Added 2 Statues of The Seven - Geo within the areas [[Chenyu Vale: Upper Vale]] and [[Chenyu Vale: Southern Mountain]] in [[Liyue]].
** Total amount of Geo Statues is now 8, for a total of 39 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 4.2]]
* Added 2 Statues of The Seven - Hydro within the areas [[Erinnyes Forest]] and [[Morte Region]] in [[Fontaine]].
** Total amount of Hydro Statues is now 7, for a total of 37 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 4.1]]
* Added 2 Statues of The Seven - Hydro within the areas [[Liffey Region]] and [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]] in [[Fontaine]].
** Total amount of Hydro Statues is now 5, for a total of 35 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 4.0]]
* Statues of The Seven - Hydro were released, with 3 within the areas [[Belleau Region]], [[Beryl Region]] and [[Court of Fontaine Region]] in [[Fontaine]].
** Total amount of Statues of The Seven is now 33.
----
[[Version 3.6]]
* Added 2 Statues of The Seven - Dendro within the areas [[Gavireh Lajavard]] and [[Realm of Farakhkert]] in [[Sumeru]].
** Total amount of Dendro Statues is now 13, for a total of 30 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 3.4]]
* Added 1 Statue of The Seven - Dendro within the area [[Desert of Hadramaveth]].
** Total amount of Dendro Statues is now 11, for a total of 28 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 3.1]]
* Added 3 Statues of The Seven - Dendro within the areas [[Land of Lower Setekh]], [[Land of Upper Setekh]], and [[Hypostyle Desert]] in [[Sumeru]].
** Total amount of Dendro Statues is now 10, for a total of 27 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version/3.0|Version 3.0]]
* Statues of The Seven - Dendro were released, with 7 within the areas [[Avidya Forest]], [[Lokapala Jungle]], [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Ashavan Realm]], [[Vissudha Field]], [[Vanarana (Area)|Vanarana]] and [[Lost Nursery]] in [[Sumeru]].
** Total amount of Statues of The Seven is now 24.
----
[[Version 2.6]]
{{Transclude|Tsurumi Island/Change History|fog-tp-sot7-interaction|section=1}}
:'''2022-03-30:'''
* Added 1 Statue of The Seven - Geo to [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] in [[Liyue]].
** Total amount of Geo Statues is now 6, for a total of 17 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Added 1 Statue of The Seven - Electro to [[Tsurumi Island]] in [[Inazuma]].
** Total amount of Electro Statues is now 6, for a total of 16 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Added 2 Statues of The Seven - Electro to [[Seirai Island]] and [[Watatsumi Island]] in [[Inazuma]].
** Total amount of Electro Statues is now 5, for a total of 15 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Statues of The Seven - Electro were released, with 3 within the areas [[Narukami Island]], [[Kannazuka]] and [[Yashiori Island]] in [[Inazuma]]. 
** Total amount of Statues of The Seven is now 13.
----
[[Version 1.3]]
* The map description of the Statue of The Seven - Geo was changed.
** {{Color|Old description:}} A monumental stone statue that watches over Liyue. Legends say it was sculpted in the image of the Geo Archon. Despite its bustling harbor which attracts many traders, Liyue's history is {{Highlight|calm and peaceful like its archon.}}
** {{Color|New description:}} A monumental stone statue that watches over Liyue. Legends say it was sculpted in the image of the Geo Archon. Despite its bustling harbor which attracts many traders, Liyue's history is {{Highlight|one of enduring stability, just like this statue.}}
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* Added 1 Statue of The Seven - Anemo to [[Dragonspine]] in [[Mondstadt]].
** Total amount of Anemo Statues is now 5, for a total of 10 Statues of The Seven.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Statues of The Seven were released with 9 Statues in Teyvat:
** Statue of The Seven - Anemo in [[Mondstadt]] with 4 within the areas [[Starfell Valley]], [[Galesong Hill]], [[Windwail Highland]] and [[Brightcrown Mountains]].
** Statue of The Seven - Geo in [[Liyue]] with 5 within the areas [[Bishui Plain]], [[Qiongji Estuary]], [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Minlin]] and [[Lisha]].
<noinclude>


[[de:Statue der Sieben/Änderungsverlauf]]
[[fr:Statue des Sept/Historique]]
</noinclude>