{{Stub|Dialogue Conditions; Verify Quest Requirements}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73099
|image         = World Quest Static Views Part 2.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|act           = 
|actNum        = 
|part          = 
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Static Views]]
* Complete Pictures 1 to 8 and Picture 10 in [[Aranyaka (Gadget)#Mysterious Clipboard|Mysterious Clipboard]]
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler;Araminali;Aranimba
|startLocation = 
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = 
|prev          = [[Static Views]]
|next          = 
|rep           = Sumeru
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 482
|repTitle      = Static Views, Part II
}}
'''''Static Views, Part 2''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Sumeru]].

==Requirements==
Start this quest by doing the following:
# Complete ''[[Static Views]]''.
# Complete Step 1 of ''[[Festival Utsava]]''.<!--not needed to add picture 9 and 10; but needed to complete picture 10(?)-->
# Find the treasure chests of Pictures 1 to 8 in the [[Aranyaka (Gadget)#Mysterious Clipboard|Mysterious Clipboard]].
#* Some chests are in areas that are unlocked by ''[[Agnihotra Sutra]]'', ''[[Vimana Agama]]'', and ''[[Varuna Gatha]]''.
# Complete the hidden exploration objective ''[[Seed from the Valley of Life]]'' in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]. This completes Picture 10.

==Steps==
<!--needs some more rewriting, esp. the one about the vintage lyre. location photo of the cave/waypoint would by helpful-->
# Find the last place according to the vibration of the seed and the content of the picture
#* Teleport to the underground [[Teleport Waypoint]] in [[Vanarana (Area)|Vanarana]]: Southern Path.
#** The following messages will appear:
#*** "The seed is quivering..."
#*** "The seed keeps shaking..."
#*** "The seed starts quaking..."
<!--#* If the area had not been explored, continue with the following:{{Verify|Must the Withering be cleared?}}
#** Follow the Seelie at the entrance to enter the cave and eradicate the [[The Withering]].
#** From the underground [[Waypoint]], climb up the ledge to destroy the first Withering Branch.
#** Jump down next to the locked Elemental Monument and destroy the second Withering Branch.
#** Activate the now-unlocked [[Elemental Monument]] with a Dendro attack to drain away the water.
#** Jump down and destroy the third Withering Branch.
#** Defeat the enemies and destroy the Tumor of the Withering.-->
#* Using the [[Vintage Lyre]], activate the [[Claustroflora]] towards the northeast of the cave
#** This Claustroflora does not appear prior to receiving the quest
#** Enter the entrance made by the disappearing wall
# Talk to the Aranara

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest grants the {{Achievement|A Conversation with the Treasure Chest Owner}}.
* Completing Pictures 1 to 10 of the Mysterious Clipboard grants the {{Achievement|A Leisurely Journey}}.
* To open the treasure chests in the cave, find the 64 Aranaras scattered throughout Sumeru. This also grants the {{Achievement|For Meritorious Service}}.
** The first chest is unlocked after 4 Aranara are found, and the rest are unlocked every 5 Aranara found.
* After this quest is completed, check the Aranara mailbox after the [[Daily Reset]] to acquire Pictures 11 to 15 (one per day).

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As more treasure was found through the "mailbox," the [[Shriveled Seed|"seed"]] collected long ago in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines|The Chasm]] to vibrate...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon receiving the quest)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! The Aranara world is truly marvelous... Just looking at a painting would lead you to the treasure...
:'''Paimon:''' Now, we've found the locations of all the paintings! Paimon wonders where the Aranara who made these treasure maps is...
:{{DIcon}} Not all of them...
:{{DIcon}} There's another place...
:'''Paimon:''' Right, there's that painting with many Aranara in it. We didn't find any treasure there...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Something seems to be vibrating slightly in the bag.)
:{{DIcon}} (Find the vibrating item.)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is this... the seed we found in The Chasm?
:{{DIcon}} Seems like it's leading us somewhere...
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... That might be it! Let's keep an eye on the seed in case it vibrates again!
:{{DIcon}}So strange.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon thinks it wants to go somewhere! Let's keep an eye on the seed in case it vibrates again!
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe it could be a trapped Aranara! Or perhaps there's something like an Aranara treasury? And this seed is the key?

;(Approach the Claustroflora seen in Picture 9)
:'''Paimon:''' The seed's destination must be around here!

;(Reaching the chests area)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon has never seen so many chests all in one place like this! Is this... really some Aranara's treasure trove?

:'''???:''' Eek! It's the Golden Nara! There is the taste of the wind, the taste of earth, and the taste of Aranara!
:'''???:''' Golden Nara has figured out the Ararakalari of Arayama?
:'''???:''' How dreadful! Obstructions are useless, anyone can break in, and the "happy nest" of Araminali will be "broken!"
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, don't worry, we mean no harm.
:'''Araminali:''' What does "no harm" mean? Do you mean "no greed"?
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Paimon guesses so! {{Traveler}} and Paimon are on Aranara's side. We want to be Aranara's good friends.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is gluttonous, but not bad in nature.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! That's technically not wrong, though...
:'''Araminali:''' Aranara's best friend... The Golden Nara smells like Aranara, a familiar smell, but I haven't smelled it for a long time...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, by the way, that strange seed! {{Traveler}}, show the seeds to Araminali. Maybe he knows something.
:'''Araminali:''' Uhh! He is thirsty! He needs to drink a lot of water before he can change back to what he was. Come... there's a lot of water here. Let him drink enough to recover.
:{{Black Screen|''You put the seed in the water...''}}
:'''???:''' ...Wow! It's changing back!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! The seed has become an Aranara! We found it, "the trapped Aranara"! You see, is Paimon right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I can't believe "the trapped Aranara" does exist...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:'''Araminali:''' It's Aranimba! Unlike Araminali, Aranimba likes to travel around. Before, he would draw the scenery he saw from afar and send it back to Vanarana, but later...
:'''Aranimba:''' Later, Aranimba went to a very hard and dark place, with little dirt, but a lot of stones... Under the soil was little grass and few trees, but a lot of mushrooms!
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Sounds like The Chasm. But, Aranimba, as an Aranara, traveled so far that he even left Sumeru...
:'''Aranimba:''' Yes! It was a long way, and dangerous. Aranimmba met the dark and dangerous Nara! However, Aranimba was protected by [[Aramuhukunda]], and turned into a seed and "got away with it."
:'''Aranimba:''' Now Aranimba is back safely, thanks to Golden Nara and White Floaty.
:'''Paimon:''' It's {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:'''Araminali:''' Yes! Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon, Aranara's friends!
:'''Aranimba:''' Araminali is Aranimba's "good friend," so Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon are also Aranimba's "good friends". Aranimba gets it now!
:'''Aranimba:''' Aranimba is going to leave, this time, not only painting, Aranimba will send back "gift" to Araminali, put it in the "chest."
:'''Araminali:''' All the "chests" here belong to Araminali. Araminali is the owner of the "treasure chests."
:'''Araminali:''' For good friends of Aranara who helped a lot of Aranara... Aranara will be "grateful," and will put the "treasure" into the "chests."
:'''Paimon:''' So the chest was empty!?
:'''Araminali:''' Aranara knew everything about Vana when they were born, but when "chests" were born, they were empty! Araminali doesn't know why.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't understand too...
:'''Araminali:''' ...When Araminali has filled the "treasure chests," Nara {{Traveler}} can open it. Sometimes Nara {{Traveler}} will cheer with "Oh yeah" and sometimes sigh with "Ah..." just as the [[Adventurers' Guild|green Nara]] does.
:'''Paimon:''' Why bother? Araminali and Aranimba can directly give us what you're about to put in the treasure chests as the payment.
:'''Araminali:''' Araminali knows that the green Nara likes to go into the cave or in the house and open the "treasure chest." Nara {{Traveler}}, and Paimon, don't like it?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... It's not like Paimon doesn't like it... It feels like... there is an inexplicable attraction?
:'''Araminali:''' Well, Nara likes "treasure chests," and so does Araminali. Araminali allows the good Nara who had helped Aranara to open the "treasure chests."
:'''Araminali:''' Vana has lot of Aranara, some in need of help, and some want to play with Nara. Nara who realizes their wishes is Aranara's friend.
:'''Araminali:''' Such Nara can open the "treasure chests" prepared by Araminali.
:'''Aranimba:''' So Aranimba should leave now, to fill the "treasure chests."
:'''Paimon:''' Hey? But didn't Aranimba just come back? Are you leaving again? You are really in a rush... like running from a fire with the headwind...
:'''Aranimba:''' Eek! It's nice to have wind, but not fire. Getting too close to the fire makes Aranimba thirsty again.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon means, how could Aranimba be in such a hurry? Aranimba could stay for a while and catch up with Araminali.
:'''Paimon:''' Araminali, you haven't seen Aranimba for a long time. Don't you have a lot to say to Aranimba?
:'''Araminali:''' Aranimba is the Aranara that will never stop so Aranimba can't be the owner of the "treasure chests."
:'''Araminali:''' Regarding the whereabouts of Aranimba, as long as Vana knows, wind knows, flowers and grass know, Araminali will know.
:'''Araminali:''' So, it's fine. Don't need to say much. Araminali will listen as long as Aranimba wants to say.
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Is this Aranara's friendship? If it were Paimon, Paimon would have a lot to share with {{Traveler}}.
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Araminali again)
;(If {{cx}})
:'''Araminali:''' Nara {{Traveler}} wants to open the "treasure chests"? But... There are still a lot of Aranara in need in Vana, if the Golden Nara can help these Aranara...
:'''Araminali:''' Araminali will fill the "treasure chests" with treasure! Together with the "good stuff" sent back by Aranimba, the "treasure chests" will be filled with good stuff.

;(If more than {{cx}} and less than 32 Aranara have been found)
:'''Araminali:''' Araminali heard that Nara {{Traveler}} was "showing off {{MC|m=his|f=her}} skills" in Vana.
:'''Araminali:''' "Treasure" has been put in the "chest," Nara {{Traveler}} can open the "treasure chest," "you are welcome"!

;(If more than 31 and less than {{cx}} Aranara have been found)
:'''Araminali:''' Nara {{Traveler}}, and Paimon, hurry up! Araminali's treasure chests are ready, and Araminali has been waiting for a long time...
:'''Araminali:''' Aranara's good friends. "Treasure chests" have been filled up. Time to open them!

;(If more than {{cx}} and less than 64 Aranara have been found; alternates with one of the above 3 dialogue trees)
:'''Araminali:''' Araminali is not ready! The "treasure chests" are still hungry. Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon can "lazy about"...
:'''Araminali:''' Hmm, no, not right. Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon can "roam around." That way, might run into Aranara in need of help.

;(If player found all Aranara and completed all picture 11 - 15)
:'''Araminali:''' Araminali has a full belly. "Treasure chests" are still hungry. Hungry is not good. Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon walk everywhere, must be very hungry. Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon must eat a lot of mushrooms to gain energy.

;(Upon approaching Araminali after all 64 unnamed Aranara have been found)
:'''Araminali:''' Araminali has been told by many Aranara that Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon did a lot of good things...
:'''Araminali:''' Araminali already knew it. Those praise words, running through the branches of the forest, wading through the trickle, along with the breeze, are blown into the "happy nest" of Araminali!
:'''Araminali:''' So this time, Araminali filled the "chests" up and wait for Nara {{Traveler}} to open.
:'''Araminali:''' The sparkling things brought back by Aranimba were also stuffed in the "chests." Maybe Nara {{Traveler}} will like them?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't Aranimba come back?
:'''Araminali:''' Well, unlike a big tree with a deep root. Aranimba is the kind of Aranara who doesn't stop.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh... Won't Araminali be lonely here?
:'''Araminali:''' What does "lonely" mean?
:'''Paimon:''' Um... That is, when you are alone, you really want to have someone around you?
:'''Araminali:''' There are many Aranara in Vanarana so Araminali is not "lonely" at all.
:'''Araminali:''' With that being said, Arayama and Aranimba are no longer in Vanarana. These three Aranara used to stick together, and they were so happy no matter what they did.
:'''Araminali:''' Arayama's Ararakalari is very strong. Weak Nara can do nothing about it. Aranimba is very good at painting, all kinds of things, all look good.
:'''Araminali:''' But now, there are only Araminali and his "treasure chest."
:'''Paimon:''' Araminali...
:'''Araminali:''' It's fine. Araminali has many "treasure chests," although Araminali doesn't know why Nara likes opening chests...
:'''Araminali:''' But Araminali is the owner of the "treasure chests." Nara, who likes treasure chests, also likes Araminali, right?
:'''Araminali:''' However, Araminali has no more "treasures" left, um... the "chests" will be empty for a while.
:'''Araminali:''' Though Araminali's "treasure chests" are about to be empty, Nara {{Traveler}} will still be Aranara's good friend, no?

;(Obtain Picture 11 from the mailbox after daily reset)
:'''Paimon:''' Aranimba has sent back a new picture. Seems to be a village in the desert?
;(Obtain Picture 12 from the mailbox after daily reset)
:'''Paimon:''' This is... a big pyramid in the desert?
;(Obtain Picture 13 from the mailbox after daily reset)
:'''Paimon:''' What do people call this type of buildings? Is it "Obelisk"? Or "Elemental Monument"?
;(Obtain Picture 14 from the mailbox after daily reset)
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Paimon doesn't know what this is. Has Aranimba returned to the forest?
;(Obtain Picture 15 from the mailbox after daily reset)
:'''Paimon:''' This doesn't look like a forest. Paimon thinks it's more like... an underground cavern?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1 = https://youtu.be/-lQkLey0_z0
|caption1 = Static Views, Part 2 + All Treasure Locations

|video2 = https://youtu.be/XqtcD23KKFw
|caption2 = Mysterious Clipboard No. 1 - 10 Locations

|video3 = https://youtu.be/uojF_sYul6E
|caption3 = Mysterious Clipboard No. 11 - 13 Locations
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Static Views, Part 2
|zhs     = 静态风景・后篇
|zhs_rm  = Jìngtài Fēngjǐng - Hòupiān
|zht     = 靜態風景・後篇
|zht_rm  = Jìngtài Fēngjǐng - Hòupiān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 静態的風景・後編
|ja_rm   = Seitai-teki Fuukei - Kouhen
|ja_tl   = Static Scenery - Sequel
|ko      = 정적인 풍경・후편
|ko_rm   = Jeongjjeogin Punggyeong - Hupyeon
|ko_tl   = Static Landscapes - Sequel
|es      = Paisajes estáticos (II)
|es_tl   = Static Landscapes (II)
|fr      = Paysages statiques, la suite
|fr_tl   = Static Landscapes, the Sequel
|ru      = Статичные пейзажи II
|ru_tl   = Static Landscapes II
|th      = ทิวทัศน์แสนนิ่งสงบ (II)
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phong Cảnh Tĩnh - Chương Sau
|vi_tl   = Static Landscapes - Next Chapter
|de      = Stille Landschaft – Teil 2
|de_tl   = Silent Landscape - Part 2
|id      = Tampilan Statis: Bag. II
|id_tl   = Static View: Pt. II
|pt      = Paisagens Estáticas (II)
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Statik Manzara, Bölüm 2
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vedute statiche, parte seconda
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[ja:静態的風景・後編]]