{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74650
|image         = World Quest Steambird Interview.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = Complete [[Chapter IV]]: Act II - [[As Light Rain Falls Without Reason]]
|characters    = Euphrasie; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[Reputation]] in [[Fontaine]]
}}
'''''Steambird Interview''''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks [[Reputation]] in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Euphrasie]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Steambird's "Tales of Humanity" column is hiring assistants. If you're interested, please report to Euphrasie for more details!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Euphrasie)
:'''Euphrasie:''' Truly spectacular weather today, no?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, truly...
:{{DIcon}} Quite comfortable.
:'''Euphrasie:''' If only the weather was this cooperative every workday, I should be quite merry indeed.
:'''Euphrasie:''' And speaking of work, my dear, you are here to interview for the "troubleshooter" position advertised in our "Tales of Humanity" section, are you not?
:{{DIcon}} I am.
::'''Euphrasie:''' Excellent. You didn't ask any questions about the title "troubleshooter" and thus it can be surmised that Ethan's word choice, while eccentric, is simple and easy to understand.
:{{DIcon}} "Troubleshooter"...?
::'''Euphrasie:''' Yes, yes, I know. The name "troubleshooter" is simply too gauche and unbecoming of the standards of a publication such as ours.
::'''Euphrasie:''' Yes... [[Ethan]] has substantial room for growth when it comes to coining new words.
:'''Euphrasie:''' Putting that aside for the moment, would you like to know how I was able to correctly ascertain that you were here for the job, and not seeking to ask for help in our "Tales of Humanity" section?
:'''Euphrasie:''' Observation. Every citizen who comes to The Steambird seeking help appears anxious and jittery, but you... Your steps are relaxed, your expression calm.
:'''Euphrasie:''' *sigh* Those who are fortunate are all the same, those who fall victim to misfortune all have their own woes.
:'''Euphrasie:''' But you needn't worry. Those who seek assistance from others via "Tales of Humanity" haven't run into any serious trouble, so it shouldn't be hard to handle.
:'''Euphrasie:''' Have a look at this batch of commissions... *sigh*
:;(Opens the Reputation menu)
----
;(After closing the menu)
:'''Euphrasie:''' All you need to do is find some time every week to read through the submissions to "Tales of Humanity." Pick out a few commissions you'd like to handle, and come find me to collect your payment.
:'''Euphrasie:''' Some commissions are so drop-dead simple you wouldn't believe it. But you shouldn't underestimate the value of your work.
:'''Euphrasie:''' For us, the problems in their submissions may appear to be easy and insignificant. But for the readers submitting their problems, they are like a splinter under their fingernails, impossible to remove or ignore.
:'''Euphrasie:''' If we can help them extract these splinters, then in addition to the monetary rewards, you will also receive the respect and gratitude of the people, and your reputation among the citizenry will increase over time.
:'''Euphrasie:''' When that happens, I will give you more complicated and important jobs, hehe.
:'''Euphrasie:''' Help everyone to achieve happiness and be a lighthouse illuminating humanity, such is the calling of our paper. Such are the feelings and aspirations of every publisher.
:{{DIcon}} No need for an interview?
:'''Euphrasie:''' Interview? Your interview was complete before you even arrived.
:'''Euphrasie:''' Don't be surprised. I have my ways. If I couldn't even manage that, how could I manage a newspaper?
:'''Euphrasie:''' Alright, I've told you everything you need to know about this job. As for whether or not you want to take it, that's up to you now. Think it over.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Steambird Interview
|zhs      = 「蒸汽鸟报」的面试
|zhs_rm   = "Zhēngqìniǎo Bào" de Miànshì
|zht      = 《蒸汽鳥報》的面試
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「スチームバード新聞」の面接
|ja_rm    = "Suchiimubaado Shinbun" no Mensetsu
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 「스팀버드사」의 면접
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Entrevista de «El Pájaro de Vapor»
|es_tl    = "The Steam Bird" Interview
|fr       = Un entretien à L'Oiseau de vapeur
|fr_tl    = An Interview at The Steambird
|ru       = Собеседование в «Паровой птице»
|ru_tl    = Interview at "Steambird"
|th       = สัมภาษณ์งานกับ "หนังสือพิมพ์ The Steambird"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Buổi Phỏng Vấn Của Tòa Soạn Chim Hơi Nước
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Vorstellungsgespräch beim „Dampfvogel“
|de_tl    = Job Interview at the "Steambird"
|id       = Wawancara Steambird
|id_tl    = Steambird Interview
|pt       = Entrevista ao Pássaro a Vapor
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Buğukuş Röportajı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Colloquio all'Uccello a vapore
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[es:Entrevista de «El Pájaro de Vapor»]]
[[pt-br:Entrevista ao Pássaro a Vapor]]