{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74043
|image         = World Quest Still Mouthwatering.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Henri; Hunter; Paimon; Traveler; Turner; "Boss"
|startLocation = [[West Slopes of Mont Automnequi]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Belleau Region
|subarea       = West Slopes of Mont Automnequi
|prev          = Truly Mouthwatering!
}}
'''''Still Mouthwatering!''''' is an [[World Quest]] in [[West Slopes of Mont Automnequi]], [[Fontaine]]. The quest is automatically obtained after collecting all 7 [[Mysterious Core]]s.

==Steps==
# Talk to Henri

==Gameplay Notes==
* Collecting the [[Delicious Sweet Madame|Mouthwatering Roast Chicken]] left on the beach grants the {{Achievement|Truly Mouthwatering! (Achievement)}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have collected seven mysterious cores in accordance with Henri's instructions. It's time to go back and look for Henri.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If 7 Mysterious Cores were obtained prior to the quest's start)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, looks like we've already collected all seven cores together.

;(After obtaining the 7 Mysterious Cores)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, looks like we've collected all 7 mysterious cores already. Guess we should go back and look for Henri, huh?
----
;(Talk to Henri)
:'''Henri:''' What do I want? Labor rights! When do I want them? Now!
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Hey, I brought the cores you wanted...
::'''Henri:''' Hmm? Let me see!
:;(Open submission menu)
:{{DIcon}} Why are you protesting here?
::'''Henri:''' We must rise where we fell, of course!
:{{DIcon}} What do you want me to do, anyway?
::'''Henri:''' Ugh, what will I do with you, seriously? Now, someone has placed some strange machines of this sort above ground and underwater. They’re very easy to identify as well &mdash; there’ll be a strange light in their area.
::'''Henri:''' Get rid of them and bring these specialized cores to me. I need {{color|buzzword|7}} in total. Thanks!

;(Submit {{Item|Mysterious Core|x=7}})
:'''Henri:''' Hmm, there we go &mdash; 7 cores, all told.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need with them, anyway?
:'''Henri:''' How should I know? My boss just said that 7 mysterious cores from these mysterious machines would be needed &mdash; and if I can get them, I'll make big Mora.
:'''Henri:''' And well, this'll do! I've arranged to meet him here and report on the situation, so you can just ask him yourself. In any case, I'll need him to settle his bills with me before I can give you your share...
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, fine, if you say so... We'll wait.
:{{Black Screen|You wait for a while...}}
:'''"Boss":''' Dear Henri, how are things going?
:'''Henri:''' Very well, Boss! I've gathered the 7 mysterious cores you asked for. Anyway, let me introduce you to my partner... Um, what's your name again?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''"Boss":''' Um...
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh...
:'''Henri:''' Wait? You know each other? Great! So, this is how things went...
:{{Black Screen|"Agh! It's {{Traveler}}! Why's {{MC|m=he|f=she}} here!?"<br>The "Boss" turns to flee, but is suddenly captured by Hunter and Turner, who come from out of nowhere.<br><br>After a while...}}
:'''"Boss":''' Agh! Mercy, have mercy!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, these two are pretty skilled...
:'''Henri:''' Don't worry, Boss! There's no mortal danger here, I'm sure of it!
:'''Hunter:''' Indeed, indeed. No one's in any danger at all.
:'''Turner:''' For now, anyway.
:'''"Boss":''' F&mdash;For now...!?
:'''Hunter:''' As for what comes next...
:'''Turner:''' Whether you wind up as roast chicken or something else altogether... Well, that's all up to you... Boss.
:'''"Boss":''' Eek!
:'''Paimon:''' How did the two of you end up here?
:'''Hunter:''' After we had the... honor of meeting you previously, we decided to tail Henri.
:'''Henri:''' Huh? Wait. Why me?
:'''Henri:''' Actually, why was I the target in the first place? I was just doing my job!
:'''Turner:''' The machines you dismantled were devices used by the [[Fontaine Research Institute]] to monitor and optimize water quality.
:'''Henri:''' Huh? Weren't they meant to produce pollution?
:'''Hunter:''' The cores you dismantled contained the most advanced central components and hydrological data in Fontaine. As such, we hoped to... acquaint ourselves with your trading partner.
:'''Henri:''' Eh? What? Why?
:{{DIcon}} You lied to me, Henri.
::'''Henri:''' No, no, you're my great benefactor! Why would I ever lie to you?
:{{DIcon}} Gasp! Shock! We were tricked!
:'''Henri:''' You lied to me, Boss! Did you know you were making me destroy such important things!?
:'''"Boss":''' I&mdash;I didn't mean to! I'm only the lowest rung on the...
:'''Turner:''' Hmm? What did I hear about you "not meaning to" do something? Could you say that again? I don't think I heard you clearly.
:;(The camera cuts to a bird flying away)
:'''"Boss":''' Eeeee!
:'''Hunter:''' Oh dear, this Boss must be tired &mdash; he's even fallen asleep with his eyes open.
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh, th&mdash;this wasn't our intention either...
:'''Turner:''' Well, about that &mdash; we've decided not to pursue the matter.
:'''Paimon:''' Really? Will things be okay like that?
:'''Hunter:''' We just need the cores and the data within them to be whole &mdash; the machines themselves are ancillary.
:'''Turner:''' The higher-ups say that it's fine &mdash; and that we shouldn't tangle with you regardless.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm? What's that about tangling with me?
:'''Hunter:''' Oh, nothing, nothing.
:'''Turner:''' I mean, would you look at that &mdash; it's us, out on a stroll!
:'''Hunter:''' And fancy us meeting you here, huh? What lovely weather, and a lovely coincidence too!
:'''Turner:''' Alas, all encounters must come to an end, and so too will ours. It's time to say goodbye, I fear.
:'''Hunter:''' Just allow the beauty of such a meeting to linger in your heart, or perhaps...
:'''Turner:''' Forget about it. Who knows? It might be better that way.
:'''Henri:''' Huh?&nbsp;...So we're alright?
:'''Hunter:''' Would you prefer things to be otherwise?
:'''Henri:''' Oh, Archons, no! We're alright. Of course we are!
:'''Henri:''' *sigh* I thought I'd met a good person with whom I could turn my life around through labor &mdash; alas, people of ill intent remain the dominant majority!
:'''Turner:''' ...Hey, Henri. Lend a hand, would you?
:'''Henri:''' Huh?
:'''Hunter:''' I mean, it's a mighty shame, but this good-hearted Boss of yours seems to have lost his wits.
:'''Turner:''' We're going to need someone...
:'''Hunter:''' Hardworking...
:'''Turner:''' Reliable...
:'''Hunter:''' You know, a good friend who hopes to change his life through honest labor.
:'''Turner:''' That's right &mdash; we need a good friend to help us take this nice man to our safehouse.
:'''Hunter:''' There, we can... speak with him at our leisure.
:'''Turner:''' Of course, we will... express our gratitude &mdash; in Mora.
:'''Henri:''' Oh... Sure! Count me in, then!
:'''Henri:''' Thank you, thank you both. And thank you too, um...
:{{DIcon}} {{Traveler}}. She's Paimon.
:'''Henri:''' Thank you both, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. My life really did change after meeting the two of you, it seems!
:'''Paimon:''' No need to thank us! Just work hard, Henri &mdash; and don't get fooled again, alright?
:'''Henri:''' Yes, I won't! I'm going to work hard and become a rich man &mdash; and then I'll have others working for me!
:{{Black Screen|Hunter, Turner, and Henri dig the unconscious Fatuus out and take him away.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon sure hopes that Henri's life will turn around...
:'''Paimon:''' Hang on a minute. What about the pay Henri was supposed to give us!?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/PWDoTqhgz_k
|caption1 = Guide: Still Mouthwatering!
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Still Mouthwatering!
|zhs     = 依旧让人垂涎欲滴！
|zhs_rm  = Yījiù Ràng Rén Chuíxiányùdī!
|zht     = 依舊讓人垂涎欲滴！
|zht_rm  = Yījiù Ràng Rén Chuíxiányùdī!
|zh_tl   = Still Mouthwatering!
|ja      = まだまだよだれが止まらない！
|ja_rm   = Madamada Yodare ga Tomaranai!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 여전히 군침 돌게 만드네!
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡La boca aún hecha agua!
|es_tl   = The Mouth Still Waters!
|fr      = L'eau toujours à la bouche !
|fr_tl   = Still Mouthwatering!
|ru      = По-прежнему невозможно удержаться!
|ru_tl   = Still Impossible to Resist!
|th      = ยังคงชวนให้น้ำลายสอ!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Luôn Khiến Người Ta Thèm Muốn!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Immer noch ein Gaumenschmaus!
|de_tl   = Still a Culinary Delight!
|id      = Masih Bikin Ngiler!
|id_tl   = Still Mouthwatering!
|pt      = Ainda com Água na Boca!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Halen İştah Açıcı!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fa venire ancora l'acquolina in bocca!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}