{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71066
|image         = World Quest Stolen, by the Rightful Owner.png
|type          = World
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Destroy the three Bedrock Keys in ''[[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]''
|characters    = Clitopho; Paimon; Taliesin; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Chasm]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 200
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 153
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}
'''''Stolen, by the Rightful Owner''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[The Chasm]].

==Steps==
Talk to [[Taliesin]] to start the quest. Before entering the underground mines, he is located at the surface camp near the easternmost waypoint of [[The Chasm]]. After entering the underground mines, he is located at either the first or second camp.

# Look for the ring that was stolen from Taliesin
# Give the ring back to Taliesin
# Talk to Taliesin

==Gameplay Notes==
* The first step can be completed prior to starting the quest. To obtain the ring:
*# Read Weasel Thief Training Manual inside the tent.
*# Change the time to between 00:00 and 01:59.
*# Interact with the nearby rock to (Whistle).
*# Attack the [[Golden Weasel Thief]] to gain [[Brass Ring]].
* Summoning Amateur Weasel Thieves and Hoarder Weasel Thieves, then killing them, will cause them to drop a random item. Known items are:
** Amateur Weasel Thief: [[Mushroom]], [[Berry]]
** Hoarder Weasel Thief: [[Bird Egg]], [[Pinecone]]
* Amateur and Hoarder Weasel Thieves can be summoned up to 8 times each. The Golden Weasel Thief can only be summoned once and after it is hit, it is no longer possible to whistle for additional Weasel Thieves.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The bard Taliesin seeks your help. As it turns out, the ring that he stole from the Weasel Thieves has been stolen once again by another bunch of Weasel Thieves...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Taliesin)
:'''Taliesin:''' *sigh* This doesn't make sense. How weird.
:'''Taliesin:''' It should be around here... But why can't I find it?
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:'''Taliesin:''' My ring... It's gone. It means a lot to me. I must find it...
:{{DIcon}} What does it look like?
:'''Taliesin:''' It's made of brass and is inlaid with a beautiful red gem...
:'''Taliesin:''' I found it by a lava lake where the shadow dragon [[Durin]] fell in the legends. Or at least, this should explain why its luster resembles dark flames...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa...
:'''Taliesin:''' It is said that the Lord of the Abyss will fix its malefic gaze upon the ring bearer and send an army of darkness to hunt them down.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh!
:{{DIcon}} [[Dragonspine]] doesn't have a lava lake. <small>''(Unlocked if the player has been to Dragonspine)''</small>
:{{DIcon}} I don't believe this story.
:'''Taliesin:''' Ahem... My bad. As a poet, I have a propensity for dramatic language and novel tales.
:'''Taliesin:''' Hehe, truth be told, I found the ring in a Weasel Thieves' nest... It was well-preserved and eye-pleasing, so I kept it.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph, so you're a thief too, you just stole from thieves!
:'''Taliesin:''' Don't say that... I chanced upon it! That's right, it was chance! And though chance it be, the ring is quite precious to me all the same.
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any clue concerning the ring's whereabouts?
:'''Taliesin:''' Yeah... I've heard that Weasel Thieves are often spotted around here. They might've stolen my ring while I was sleeping.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so there really are people who take their rings off before going to bed...
:{{DIcon}} I'd never heard of such people before, either.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, Paimon doesn't have that habit! You need to think about where to put the ring once you take it off, or you'll be wasting good beauty sleep.
:{{DIcon}} Do they even make rings tiny enough for you, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph, of course they do! There's much you still don't know!
:'''Taliesin:''' Enough. Please refrain from judging other people's way of living before proceeding to ramble on about your own! It's very rude!
:'''Taliesin:''' ...Anyway, if you want to help out... Please keep an eye out for Weasel Thief nests.
:'''Taliesin:''' I've heard that there is a camp of suspicious Treasure Hoarders around here on the map... I've marked the location out for you.
:'''Taliesin:''' It's said that Weasel Thieves are often spotted around here. Those sneaky Treasure Hoarders probably have something to do with them... Anyway, please take a look there.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph... A ring stolen from the Weasel Thieves, which was then stolen again by other Weasel Thieves. Paimon'd say it has gone back to its rightful owner!
:'''Taliesin:''' Oh, come on, just stop it already!

----
;(Talk to [[Clitopho]], optional &mdash; only possible if ''[[Meeting New People... and Foiling Some Bandits]]'' has been completed)
:'''Clitopho:''' Hey there, has something happened recently?
:{{DIcon}} About Weasel Thieves...
:'''Clitopho:''' Oh, you mean the ones in The Chasm... I was assigned to take care of them, but I messed up, so there's really nothing much to say.
:'''Clitopho:''' Eh... It's impossible for me to capture them again. They are, after all, masters of hide-and-seek. It's so hard to track them down.
:'''Clitopho:''' But I can help you a bit if these annoying creatures happen to have stolen things from people.
:'''Clitopho:''' Weasel Thieves trained by Treasure Hoarders are fed at fixed hours in a day. There are three types of Weasel Thieves...
:'''Clitopho:''' The Golden Weasel Thief is the most cunning one... Then, there's the more common Hoarder Weasel Thief. The dumbest of all is the Amateur Weasel Thief. Well, as for when they show up...
:'''Clitopho:''' *sigh* There should be a training manual somewhere with the feeding timetable on it, as no one really bothered to remember the exact time. The manual should be in the camp frequented by Weasel Thieves.
:'''Clitopho:''' Ah... I almost forgot this! Give a whistle if you want to summon them.
:{{DIcon}} Give a whistle?
:'''Clitopho:''' Yep, just any old whistle will do. It's not some complicated trick. The key is the timing.
----
;(Interact with the Weasel Thief Training Manual &mdash; can be completed before accepting the quest)
:'''Weasel Thief Training Manual:''' "...About the feeding schedule for Weasel Thieves..."
:'''Weasel Thief Training Manual:''' "...Amateur Weasel Thief: Feed after noon to keep their excessive energy in check... Recommended Time: {{color|buzzword|12:00 – 23:59}}"
:'''Weasel Thief Training Manual:''' "...Hoarder Weasel Thief: Feed before noon to allow a more flexible training schedule... Recommended Time: {{color|buzzword|2:00 – 11:59}}"
:'''Weasel Thief Training Manual:''' "...Golden Weasel Thief: The most cunning of all. Limit its feeding and interacting window within two hours... Recommended Time: {{color|buzzword|0:00 – 1:59}}"
:'''Weasel Thief Training Manual:''' "All Weasel Thieves listed above can be summoned during their respective feeding hours. Stand on a large rock and summon them by whistling. Avoid whistling for fun, as it may lead to unnecessary trouble!"
:'''Weasel Thief Training Manual:''' "...By [[Erge]]. Weasel Thief Trainer on Duty This Month: Clitopho... Scheduled Days: 31 (Late: 27)..."
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Don't the Treasure Hoarders ever take breaks?
:;(After reading the manual)
:'''Paimon:''' Let's try whistling. Maybe we can call a Weasel Thief in!

;(Whistle between <nowiki>12:00–23:59</nowiki>)
:;(An Amateur Weasel Thief appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, one actually showed up...
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like it's an Amateur Weasel Thief...

;(Whistle between <nowiki>2:00 – 11:59</nowiki>)
:;(A Hoarder Weasel Thief appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, it's a Hoarder Weasel Thief!

;(Whistle between <nowiki>0:00 – 1:59</nowiki>)
:;(A Golden Weasel Thief appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh... That's a Golden Weasel Thief!

;(After hitting the Golden Weasel Thief)
:;(If quest is already in progress)
:::'''Paimon:''' This is Taliesin's ring, right? Let's bring it back to him!
:;(If quest is not in progress)
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh... Is that... a ring? Looks pretty nice, too!
;(Obtain {{Item|Brass Ring|25}})

----
;(Return to Taliesin)
:'''Taliesin:''' You're back. Did you find it?
:{{DIcon}} Take a look. Is this your ring?
:;(Give [[Brass Ring]])
:'''Taliesin:''' Yes, it is! Thank you so much!
:'''Taliesin:''' Please take these as your reward. It isn't much, but please don't feel offended. I'll compose verses to eulogize your deeds!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/f8tjvQqo49s
|caption1 = Stolen, by the Rightful Owner Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/4-W-BR6gylY
|caption2 = Quick Guide: Stolen, by the Rightful Owner
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Stolen, by the Rightful Owner
|zhs     = 物归原主又归原主
|zhs_rm  = Wùguīyuánzhǔ Yòu Guīyuánzhǔ
|zht     = 物歸原主又歸原主
|zht_rm  = Wùguīyuánzhǔ Yòu Guīyuánzhǔ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 持ち主に盗まれて
|ja_rm   = Mochinushi ni Nusumarete
|ja_tl   = Stolen by the Owner
|ko      = {{tt|물건|物件}}은 {{tt|주인|主人}}에게, 또다시 {{tt|주인|主人}}에게
|ko_rm   = Mulgeon-eun Ju'in-ege, Ttodasi Ju'in-ege
|ko_tl   = Goods to the Owner, Again to the Owner
|es      = Robado por su legítimo propietario
|es_tl   = Stolen by Its Rightful Owner
|fr      = Volé... par le propriétaire légitime
|fr_tl   = Stolen... by the Legitimate Owner
|ru      = Украдено владельцем
|ru_tl   = Stolen by the Owner
|th      = หวนคืนสู่เจ้าของครั้งแล้วครั้งเล่า
|th_rm   = Huan khuen su chaokhong khrang laeo khrang lao
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Vật|物}} Về {{tt|Cố Chủ|故主}} Lại Về {{tt|Cố Chủ|故主}}
|vi_tl   = An Owner's Things are Returned to the Previous Owner
|de      = Zurück, wo es hingehört
|de_tl   = Back to Where It Belongs
|id      = Kembali ke Pemilik Aslinya
|id_tl   = Returned to the Rightful Owner
|pt      = Roubado, Pelo Seu Legítimo Dono
|pt_tl   = Stolen, by the Legitimate Owner
|tr      = Sahibi Tarafından Çalınan
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un furto legittimo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}