{{Location Infobox
|image        = Stone Gate Bulletin Board.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|type2        = Bulletin Board
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Bishui Plain
|subarea      = Stone Gate
}}
{{Description|This is the Stone Gate Bulletin Board. You can find notices and messages from passersby posted here.}}

The '''Stone Gate Bulletin Board''' is a bulletin board located in [[Stone Gate]]. The messages randomly cycle through every time it is interacted with.

==Messages==
<!--
Please use the source code when adding to keep the Bulletin Board in alphabetical order.
-->
{{Dialogue start}}
<!--Messages: A -->
===About Keqing===
:'''Message:''' "A [[Keqing|wealthy-looking girl dressed in purple]] came by here a few days ago, asking all sorts of things about the land, people's daily consumption, and such. She seemed to be from the city."
:'''Message:''' "When I asked who she was, she said she was a general secretary from Yujing Terrace, sure enough. City folk really are thorough at their job..."
:'''Message:''' "You seldom see such vigorous, resolute demeanor in young people these days."

===About Stone Gate===
:'''Bulletin Board:''' Welcome to Stone Gate, the door of [[Liyue]]! From here head south to the bustling port city, or north to the rustic land of wine.

===About Mondstadt===
:'''Message:''' "Let's set off an on adventure among the delicacies of [[Mondstadt]]!"
:'''Message:''' "In the nation of wind and wine, does even the food taste of a cool breeze and fragrant wine?"
<!--Messages: B -->
<!--Messages: C -->
<!--Messages: D -->
<!--Messages: E -->
<!--Messages: F -->
<!--Messages: G -->
===Gaiman's Message===
{{See also|Gaiman}}
:'''Message:''' "'The gleaming blade reveals scarlet rain in forest shadows; I only hope that many-a-drink may drown my sorrows.' &mdash; A swordsman with no understanding of poetic verse. Feedback welcome."
:'''Another Note:''' "In my humble opinion... the second line makes absolutely no sense!"

<!--Messages: H -->
===Huachu's Message===
{{See also|Huachu}}
:'''Message:''' "May the Lord of Geo protect us on our journey to a faraway land, a new home where we can start a life all of our own..."
:'''Message:''' "...I only hope that our painstaking planning and past mistakes were not all for nothing."

===Hypermarket Ad===
:'''Message:''' "All your travel essentials, right here!"
:'''Message:''' "They say rare merchandise are sound investments. Any traveling merchants in need of such are welcome to visit my [[hypermarket]] in Dihua Marsh!"
<!--Messages: I -->
<!--Messages: J -->
<!--Messages: K -->
<!--Messages: L -->
<!--Messages: M -->
<!--Messages: N -->
<!--Messages: O -->
<!--Messages: P -->
===Pops Zhou's Tea===
:'''Message:''' "[[Pops Zhou]] welcomes all travelers to come by and relax with a big cup of cheap, refreshing tea!"
:'''Another Note:''' "Having known Pops Zhou for 40 years, I can vouch that his tea hasn't declined in quality one bit... though it hasn't improved either."

<!--Messages: Q -->
<!--Messages: R -->
<!--Messages: S -->
===Scent of Spring Ad===
:'''Message''': "Last day of clearance sale! Come get famous [[Ying'er|Scent of Spring]] wares at a huge discount!"
:'''Message''': "Only in this village, this store! Everything, must, go!"

<!--Messages: T -->
<!--Messages: U -->
<!--Messages: V -->
<!--Messages: W -->
===Warning: Treasure Hoarders in the Area===
:'''Bulletin Board:''' Many [[Treasure Hoarders]] have been spotted recently near Stone Gate and Dihua Marsh. Passersby should take caution.
:'''Bulletin Board:''' If you see anything suspicious, please first get to safety and then report the situation immediately to the nearest Millelith soldier.

===Warning: Monsters in the Area===
:'''Bulletin Board:''' There has been significant monster activity recently near Stone Gate and Dihua Marsh. Millelith patrols have been increased, and we ask all traveling merchants to take caution when passing through.
<!--Messages: X -->
===Xingqiu's Message===
{{See also|Xingqiu}}
:'''Message:''' "Guhua...Legend...Sword...[[adepti]] in the mist...evildoer..."
:'''Message:''' "I...writing...remarkable..this poem..."
:'''Message:''' (The handwriting is so poor that the rest is completely illegible.)

<!--Messages: Y -->
<!--Messages: Z -->
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*[[Huachu]]'s message connects with her dialogue,  [[Jianqiu]]'s dialogue, her father [[Gentry De'an]]'s dialogue, and the messages on the [[Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board]] reveals that Huachu and Jianqiu eloped by faking her death. They likely posed a corpse as hers and placed it in a well at Feiyun Slope, contaminating the water supply in the process.
*[[Gaiman]] is an aspiring novelist from [[Fontaine]] who was inspired by [[Xingqiu]], the author of "A Legend of Sword." The book is a hit in [[Inazuma]] and Fontaine &mdash; but ironically, a flop in his home country of Liyue.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}

[[ja:石門告示板]]