{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Stone Harbor Treasure Journal
|image             = Stone Harbor Treasure Journal Event.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2020-11-13 04:00:00
|time_end          = 2020-11-22 03:59:59
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/6682
|characters        = Chef Mao; Licai; Paimon; Tartaglia; Traveler; Zhongli
}}

In the hustle and bustle of [[Liyue Harbor]], an adventure filled with assignments awaits...

The "Stone Harbor Treasure Journal" web event has begun! Complete assignments to earn Credits, which can help you get Primogems and other event rewards.<ref>HoYoverse News: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/6682 Event Details]</ref>

You must be [[Adventure Rank]] 10+ to participate in this event.

==Event Duration==
2020/11/13 – 2020/11/22 04:00 (Server Time)
{| class="article-table"
|'''Server'''
|'''Time Zone'''
|-
|Asia
|UTC+8
|-
|America
|UTC−5
|-
|Europe
|UTC+1
|-
|TW, HK, MO
|UTC+8
|}

==How to Participate==
'''PC & Mobile:''' Go to the event notice in the Paimon Menu > Notices

'''PS4:''' Go to the event mail in the Paimon Menu > Mail

※ PS4 Players: To ensure that you are able to easily access the event, please do not delete the event mail. If you accidentally delete the mail, please contact Customer Service and provide your UID.

==Event Details==
===Gameplay===
Travelers can accept assignments in unlocked locations and complete assignments to earn Credits.

Before starting an assignment, Travelers can select '''Childe''' or '''Zhongli''' to accompany them.<br>
Depending on the character selected and the content of the assignment, different random events may be triggered.

#Each assignment has a chance of triggering random events. Completing such events will generate additional assignment rewards. Your choices will alter the course of the events!
#Random events will always trigger on the very first time you accept a particular assignment.

Locations with even greater assignments and Credit payout can be unlocked after a set amount of Credits has been collected (unlocking locations does not require spending the Credits), along with Primogems and Mora rewards.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Credits earned through completing assignments and random events can only be used to unlock event rewards on this page.

===Event Rewards===
{| class="article-table"
|'''Unlock Criteria'''
|'''Rewards'''
|-
|Event Gameplay Guide
|10.000 Mora
|-
|Current Credit Total ≥2,000
|30 Primogems
|-
|Current Credit Total ≥6,000
|30 Primogems
|-
|Current Credit Total ≥12,000
|40 Primogems, 10,000 Mora
|-
|Current Credit Total ≥24,000
|40 Primogems, 10,000 Mora
|-
|Current Credit Total ≥48,000
|60 Primogems, 20,000 Mora
|}
Rewards will be unlocked automatically when the current Credit total reaches the required amount, and will be sent to Travelers via in-game mail. There may be a slight delay in the issuance of rewards.

'''When the final reward is unlocked, the ending story will appear.''' Travelers, set a course for the ultimate prize!

Rewards will be unlocked automatically when the current Credit total reaches the required amount, and will be sent to Travelers via in-game mail. There may be a slight delay in the issuance of rewards.

===Assignment Location Unlock Criteria===
{| class="article-table"
!Location Name
!Unlock Criteria
|-
|Dock
|Unlocked by default
|-
|Wanmin Restaurant
|Current Credit Total ≥2,000
|-
|Heyu Tea House
|Current Credit Total ≥6,000
|-
|Wanwen Bookhouse
|Current Credit Total ≥12,000
|-
|Bubu Pharmacy
|Current Credit Total ≥24,000
|}

===Assignment Credits===
{| class="article-table"
!Location Name
!Assignments
!Completion Credits
!Random Event Bonus
!Time
|-
|rowspan="2" |Dock
|Cargo
|rowspan="2" |500
|rowspan="2" |+100
|rowspan="2" |5 Minutes
|-
|Inventory
|-
|rowspan="2" |Wanmin Restaurant
|Ingredients
|rowspan="2" |1,000
|rowspan="2" |+150
|rowspan="2" |10 Minutes
|-
|Cooking
|-
|rowspan="2" |Heyu Tea House
|Recital
|rowspan="2" |1,350
|rowspan="2" |+300
|rowspan="2" |15 Minutes
|-
|Composition
|-
|rowspan="2" |Wanwen Bookhouse
|Tidying
|rowspan="2" |2,580
|rowspan="2" |+500
|rowspan="2" |15 Minutes
|-
|Reading
|-
|rowspan="2" |Bubu Pharmacy
|Prescription
|rowspan="2" |4,000
|rowspan="2" |+1,000
|rowspan="2" |20 Minutes
|-
|Concoction
|}

===Getting More Assignment Opportunities===
Log in each day to receive an assignment opportunity. Go to "+" > "Quests" and complete the daily quests to gain additional opportunities. On top of the opportunity received for logging in, Travelers can add a maximum of 3 additional assignment opportunities per day.

==Event Notes==
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Daily quests are refreshed every day at 04:00 (Server Time). Please remember to claim your assignment opportunity after completing a daily quest!

'''<span style="color:red;">*Please note that the story in this web event is not related to the main story in the game.*</span>'''

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[fr:Découverte du trésor du port de pierre]]
[[ja:岩港珍奇行紀]]
[[ru:Журнал сокровищ скалистой гавани]]