{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20042
|type          = Commission
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Albert; Traveler; Victoria
|npc           = Albert
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Stop Albert, Stop!''''' is a repeatable [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Victoria]].
#Find [[Albert]] near the Cathedral.
#Sweep out the pile of leaves.
#* This can be done with either [[Anemo]] or [[Pyro]] skills.
#Talk to Albert.
#Report to Victoria in the Cathedral.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A [[Albert|suspicious person]] is lurking around the Cathedral, Sister [[Victoria]] wants someone to deal with them...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Victoria:''' Where are you hiding, you pesky little...
:{{DIcon}} What are you looking for?
:'''Victoria:''' Me? Oh&mdash; I'm looking for a very dodgy person.
:'''Victoria:''' His name is Albert and he always lurks around the Cathedral during the day.
:'''Victoria:''' He looks like he's up to no good. I'm worried he's plotting something bad...
:'''Victoria:''' Can you chase him off for me?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Victoria:''' May the Anemo Archon protect you.
:{{DIcon}} Shall I contact the Knights of Favonius?
::'''Victoria:''' I thought about doing that...
::'''Victoria:''' But I have no concrete evidence on him. There's nothing they would be able to do.
::'''Victoria:''' For the greater glory of the Anemo Archon... Please, just get rid of this guy.

----

;(After finding Albert near the Cathedral)
:'''Albert:''' Go, Barbara, go!
:'''Albert:''' Hi, what's the matter?
:{{DIcon}} Sister requests that you leave this place immediately.
::'''Albert:''' Leave? What did I do wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I've already told the Knights of Favonius all about you and your antics!
::'''Albert:''' What!? What am I supposed to have done? Tell me!
:'''Albert:''' Me? Me, sneaking around, acting suspiciously, and plotting evil deeds? You guys have got this all wrong!
:'''Albert:''' *sigh* ...Do you know Barbara? She's Mondstadt's angel.
:'''Albert:''' Many people in Mondstadt admire her, including me.
:'''Albert:''' In fact, I am head of the Barbara fan club.
:{{DIcon}} The Knights of Favonius will be here shortly.
:'''Albert:''' L&mdash;Let me finish! I really look up to Barbara. I want to be like her &mdash; I want to do something for Mondstadt.
:'''Albert:''' But I'm just an ordinary person with ordinary abilities. The best I can do is to do some sweeping around the Cathedral.
:'''Albert:''' But Miss Victoria never listens to me, she just says she wants me gone.
:'''Albert:''' Recently I noticed that no one has swept away the leaves around the Cathedral for a while. But if I tried to explain to Miss Victoria, she wouldn't understand...
:'''Albert:''' Can you help me sweep away the leaves? For Mondstadt... And for Barbara?
:{{DIcon}} Alright then...
::'''Albert:''' Thanks so much, Off you go then.
:{{DIcon}} Fine, if it gets you out of here...
::'''Albert:''' Hey! I thought I just explained how I'm not a bad guy!
::'''Albert:''' Well, okay. Sweep away the leaves for me, and I'll be gone.
:{{DIcon}} The Knights of Favonius will be the only ones doing any sweeping up around here...
::'''Albert:''' I'm trying to do a good deed here! You don't need to report every little thing to the Knights of Favonius!
::'''Albert:''' Alright, alright, you win. I'll be out of here as soon as the leaves are gone.

;(Talk to Albert again)
:'''Albert:''' Keeping the Cathedral free of dead leaves is a service to Mondstadt and to Barbara!
----
;(Upon approaching a leaf pile)
:'''Paimon:''' Surely a little bit of Anemo power will be all it takes to clear these leaves.
----
;(Return to Albert)
:'''Albert:''' Have you finished sweeping yet?
:{{DIcon}} Yep. All gone.
:'''Albert:''' Thank you. The Cathedral looks much better now! I'm sure Barbara will feel better for it...
:'''Albert:''' But, please don't tell Barbara about this.
:'''Albert:''' The point here is to reduce her burden; telling her about it would only add to it.
:'''Albert:''' As we agreed, I'll be on my way now. See? Nothing to worry about.
:'''Albert:''' See you again soon... Maybe? Who knows.
----
;(Report to Victoria)
:'''Victoria:''' I have an update about Albert.
:'''Victoria:''' Has he left?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, he's gone.
:'''Victoria:''' Well, that's that sorted... But, what on earth were you doing sweeping leaves just now?
:'''Victoria:''' Never mind, I suppose no more leaves means one less excuse Albert can use to get near the Cathedral in future.
:'''Victoria:''' These gifts are my way of saying thank-you. Take them, and may the Anemo Archon protect you.
:'''Victoria:''' If there's nothing else, I should get back to work. You should go back to yours, too.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Stop Albert, Stop!
|zhs     = 艾伯特先生，别再冲了&mdash;&mdash;！
|zhs_rm  = Àibótè-xiānshēng, Bié Zài Chōngle{{lmdash}}!
|zht     = 阿爾伯特先生，別再衝了&mdash;&mdash;！
|zht_rm  = Ā'ěrbótè-xiānshēng, Bié Zài Chōngle{{lmdash}}!
|zh_tl   = Mr. Albert, Stop!
|ja      = アルバート、ストップ！
|ja_rm   = Arubaato, Sutoppu!
|ja_tl   = Albert, Stop!
|ko      = 엘버트 씨, 멈추세요&mdash;&mdash;！
|ko_rm   = Elbeoteu Ssi, Meomchuseyo{{lmdash}}!
|ko_tl   = Mr. Albert, Stop!
|es      = Señor Albert, ¡espere un momento!
|es_tl   = Mister Albert, Wait a Moment!
|fr      = Sieur Albert, arrêtez-vous !
|fr_tl   = Sire Albert, Stop!
|ru      = Постойте, господин Альберт!
|ru_tl   = Wait a Moment, Mister Albert!
|th      = หยุดได้แล้วนะ Albert!
|th_rm   = Yut Dai Laeo Na Albert!
|th_tl   = You Can Stop Now, Albert!
|vi      = Ngài Albert, đừng xông lên nữa!
|vi_tl   = Mister Albert, Stop Charging Foward!
|de      = Beruhige dich doch, Albert!
|de_tl   = Calm Yourself, Albert!
|id      = Tuan Albert, Hentikan!
|id_tl   = Mister Albert, Stop!
|pt      = Sr. Albert, não se apresse de novo!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dur Albert! Dur!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fermo, Albert, fermo!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Señor Albert, ¡espere un momento!]]
[[fr:Sieur Albert, arrêtez-vous !]]
[[pt-br:Sr. Albert, não se apresse de novo!]]
[[ru:Постойте, господин Альберт!]]