{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Storm Cage.png
|set   = Emblem of Severed Fate
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|An exquisite seal cage patterned with pansies painted upon a black backdrop, decorated with shining inlaid seashells and intricate gold-work.}}
'''Storm Cage''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Emblem of Severed Fate]].

==Description==
In the distant past, when [[Seirai Island]] had yet to be shrouded by storm clouds, memories would rise and fall like breaths.<br>In the end, the elegant container that contained thunderstorms and tremors could not be handed over to [[Takamine the Mistsplitter|the one to whom it was promised]].

"Did [[Takamine the Mistsplitter|you]] come to [[Asase Hibiki|me]] because the string is broken again? You're such a headache."<br>"Other than your swordsmanship, you're just an idiotic old gambler, aren't you?"

"Hmph. Don't you look down on me. I learned my archery from [[Reizenbou|a tengu]], you know? It's pretty famous, too."<br>"It's just that I'm too good with a sword, you know? That's why no one ever talks about my archery."<br>"Actually, now that I think about it, that's such a waste of good archery. How about I teach it to you, then?"

Once upon a time, [[Asase Hibiki|you]] mended [[Takamine the Mistsplitter|that idiot]]'s broken seal cage, all the while speaking those harsh words..<br>Once upon a time, though you used harsh words to divert others, you could not help but smile faintly.

"Please. You're already a Hatamoto with important responsibilities. Why are you still running around looking for trouble?"<br>"And you're already married too, to a sweet wife no less. Why do you spend your days wandering and gambling, huh?"

You're already...<br>The question was on the edge of your lips, but you were unable to ask, and you decided to never bring it up again.<br>If the [[Kitsune Saiguu|Lady Saiguu]] had been here with you, she would surely have put it in a clever and merry way...

"It doesn't matter anymore. I gave myself a holiday, at least for today."<br>"Let's leave that whole shrine business behind and sneak off to the seaside, just like we did when you were little."

And so he dragged you to [[Koseki Village|the harbor]], where you watched the ships sailing back and forth, as if in a trance.<br>You listened to him talk about [[Teruyo]] of the shrine, and how she had inherited [[Reizenbou|her master's]] beauty and skill.<br>You listened to him talk about his terrifying nightmares, in which he cut off his own head...<br>But you both knew that those were just words to hide the melancholy of adulthood.

Later, a long time later,<br>Overlooking the mossy reefs and the harbor where the two of you once had that quiet rendezvous...<br>For the gambler to win his bet again, for the sake of praying for his safety...<br>Once again, you dared to stand upon [[Amakumo Peak|those heights]], holding up the seal cage that you made with your own hands.<br>Bearing the hope of retrieving those memories, you gathered the power of [[Thunder Manifestation|thunder and lightning]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Storm Cage
|zhs      = 雷云之笼
|zhs_rm   = Léiyún zhī Lóng
|zht      = 雷雲之籠
|zht_rm   = Léiyún zhī Lóng
|zh_tl    = Cage of Thunderclouds
|ja       = 雷雲の印籠
|ja_rm    = Raiun no Inro
|ja_tl    = {{w|Inro}} of Thunderclouds
|ko       = 뇌운의 함
|ko_rm    = Noeun-ui Ham
|ko_tl    = [http://encykorea.aks.ac.kr/Contents/Item/E0062110 Ham] of Thunderclouds
|es       = Inrou de la Tempestad
|es_tl    = Inro of the Storm
|fr       = Inro de la tempête
|fr_tl    = Inro of the Storm
|ru       = Клетка грозовых облаков
|ru_tl    = Cage of Thunderclouds
|th       = Storm Cage
|vi       = Hộp Lôi Vân
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Blitzwolkenkäfig
|de_tl    = Lightning Cloud Cage
|id       = Storm Cage
|pt       = Gaiola da Tempestade
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Fırtına Kafesi
|tr_tl    = Storm Cage
|it       = Inro della tempesta
|it_tl    = {{w|Inro|Inrou}} of the Storm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Emblem of Severed Fate}}

[[fr:Inro de la tempête]]
[[id:Storm Cage]]
[[ja:雷雲の印籠]]
[[tr:Fırtına Kafesi]]
[[vi:Hộp Lôi Vân]]
[[zh:雷雲之籠]]