{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Genshin Impact
|type2        = Video Types
}}
'''Story Teasers''' are videos released by official Genshin Impact social media. Most teasers are animated cutscenes featured in [[Archon Quests|Archon]], [[Story Quests|Story]], and [[Event]] [[Quests]]. They are available as a [https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqWr7dyJNgLICZACs2Fge9bkhlvdE_Y70 playlist] on the official Genshin Impact YouTube channel. Certain videos are exclusively promotional media and are not displayed in-game.

==Types==
===Story Teaser===
Story Teaser videos are YouTube releases of cutscenes that can be seen in-game as part of certain Quests or Events. They use a cartoonish 2D animation art style, with vibrant solid colors and thick lines.

{{Videos by Category Table|Story Teasers|not1=Cutscene Animations|not2=Short Trailers|not3=Special Story Teasers}}

===Cutscene Animation===
Cutscene Animation videos are YouTube releases of cutscenes that can be seen in-game as part of certain Quests or Events. Unlike Story Teasers, they use actual 3D models for characters, props and scenery.

{{Videos by Category Table|Cutscene Animations|not=Videos Uploaded by Genshin Impact Wiki}}

===Short Trailer===
Short Trailers are a type of Story Teaser that are not available in-game and are exclusively released as promotional videos. They focus on a specific [[Character]]'s story.

{{Videos by Category Table|Short Trailers}}

===Special Story Teasers===
Multiple other animated videos have been released as exclusively promotional material outside of the game. These videos do not share the art style of the other Story Teaser categories, but either follow the naming scheme or are included in the official playlist, and are therefore included here. They are lore-heavy videos that serve as a teaser of upcoming content.

{{Videos by Category Table|Special Story Teasers}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Media}}

[[ja:ストーリームービー]]