{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11120
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Historia Antiqua Chapter
|actNum        = II
|act           = No Mere Stone
|part          = 1
|character     = Zhongli
|description   = Katheryne of the Adventurers' Guild in Liyue Harbor has a new commission for you. You and Paimon decide to find out what it's all about.
|requirement   = Complete [[We Will Be Reunited]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = Truth in the Stones
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 24,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Iron Tongue Tian; Katheryne (Liyue); Kun Jun; Paimon; Traveler; Uncle Dai; Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Strange Sights, Stolen Souls''' is the first part of [[Zhongli]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Historia Antiqua Chapter]]: Act II - [[No Mere Stone]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Liyue Adventurers' Guild and talk to Katheryne
# Head to the dock and find the foreman, [[Uncle Dai]]
# Look for [[Zhongli]]
# Return to the dock and talk to Uncle Dai

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Go to the Liyue Adventurers' Guild and talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi Katheryne, it's us! Any new commissions?
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' As a matter of fact, there's one that looks perfect for you two.
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Uncle Dai is one of the foremen at [[Huishan Hall]] over in Liyue Harbor. He's hoping the Adventurers' Guild can spare some manpower.
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it we have to do exactly?
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I believe you'll be looking for workers.
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, looking for people? Awesome, we're good at that!
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I have no reason to doubt your abilities.
:{{A|vo zllq101 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I'm sure the details can be worked out face to face. If you're willing to accept this commission, head over to the dock and talk to Uncle Dai.

----

;(Head to the dock and find the foreman, Uncle Dai)
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Are you Uncle Dai?
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' I am indeed.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Ahh, now then, you must be the adventurers assigned by the Guild.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How could you tell!?
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' By the clothes on your back and the look on your face. Experienced adventurers at that, I'll wager.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right again! You're pretty perceptive!
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Hahaha. In this trade, you need a sharp eye for people, not just rocks. Uncle Dai can see what you're made of from a long way off.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Alright, my assistant should be arriving soon so let's just wait here a moment.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa whoa, that's why we're here! Now there's someone else taking a cut?
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Well, to tell you the truth, this is a very difficult matter. Too much for adventurers alone to handle, I fear...
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! So there is someone else!
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think we're not up to the job?
:{{DIcon}} Steady, Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you're getting competitive again...
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' It just occurred to me that you don't have all the facts. The incident in question happened in a mine, and it's a little out of the ordinary, to say the least. Mines are dangerous places, as I'm sure you're aware. As such, I've enlisted an industry expert to cover all contingencies.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Last time I checked, adventurers weren't experts in ore appraisal or geological analysis. With a professional by your side, everything should run smoothly.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Besides, this guy is the best in his field. No matter the rock, he'll tell you its value to the nearest Mora at a glance.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' I'd go as far to say that there's not a soul in Teyvat that knows rocks better than him. I'd be a fool to not enlist an expert of his caliber!
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're a fool if you think you found Teyvat's number one rock expert!
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 uncledai 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Oh? And why might that be?
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because Teyvat's number one rock expert happens to be a friend of ours...
:{{DIcon}} You must be talking about...
;(Paimon nods)
:{{DIcon}} (Perfect, I was planning to ask him a few questions.)
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha~ Didn't expect that, did you! Wait here, we'll go fetch him.
:{{A|vo zllq101 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon bets Zhongli is listening to the Storyteller. Let's head over!

;(Talk to Uncle Dai again)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq101 uncledai 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Your rock expert... what does he look like?

----
;(Approach Zhongli at Third-Round Knockout)
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''[[Iron Tongue Tian]]:''' In our last tale, Rex Lapis...
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Zhongli! There you are!
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh!
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Here for a few tales? I didn't know you two were connoisseurs.
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no no! We're here for you! Um... do you have time?
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ah... something I'm rarely short of.
:{{DIcon}} We've accepted a commission...
:{{DIcon}} We have a special task...
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We need someone who understands geology and ore.
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm... someone who understands geology and ore...
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Take a look around! Is there anyone in Teyvat more qualified?
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The requester claims to have enlisted Teyvat's number one rock expert, but Paimon doesn't believe a word of it. Nobody understands rocks better than you!
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' You appear to have taken his claim quite personally on my behalf.
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no no... it's just... Uncle Dai doesn't know what he's talking about!
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon just wants to... enlighten him...
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hahaha, I see. Well then, it will be my pleasure to accompany you.
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really!?
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But I should inform you that despite my expertise... I cannot necessarily claim to be a leading authority.
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We are at all times adrift in a sea of learning &mdash; new knowledge should be welcomed with open arms. Still, I imagine I will be of help to you in this endeavor. If we do encounter an expert, I look forward to broadening my own understandings.
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... stop being so modest, Zhongli.
:{{A|vo zllq101 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we got him! Let's head back to Uncle Dai!

----

;(Return to the dock and talk to Uncle Dai)
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uncle Dai! We're back!
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Oh! And this must be the friend you spoke of?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! Paimon doesn't know who your rock expert is, but he's got nothing on our guy!
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Still, I do have a claim to some experience in this field.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Uh-huh, so you say. Wait till my guy gets here, then we'll see.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' It's no use me singing his praises. You'll have to see for yourselves.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Uh... is this the place?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Aha! Speak of the devil! Allow me to introduce my assistant, [[Kun Jun]].
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Young Kun, these are two adventurers assigned to us. And as for this gentleman...
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 02.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Hm...?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} This is Zhongli, a consultant from the funeral parlor.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's consultant... Mr. Zhongli! I've heard about you. They say you're a man of great knowledge and many talents. I had no idea I'd be meeting you in person today.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 03.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I... I'm sure I recognize you... Have we met at the parlor? Wait, I've never been to the parlor...
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uncle Dai, aren't you going to test them?
:{{DIcon}} So that's what you were planning.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Huh? I... I wouldn't know where to start...
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then they can figure out a way to test each other! If Zhongli wins, he's the assistant. If Zhongli loses, uh... N&mdash;Never mind, Zhongli won't lose!
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 04.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' A contest? Why, it would be my pleasure!
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I admire your enthusiasm, good sir.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 05.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Haha! I must say, you certainly have the look of an industry expert about you. It'll be interesting to see which one of us wins.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Stop talking the talk and start walking the walk!
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 06.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I'm just saying it like I see it, haha... Which is incidentally the only skill I have worth talking about.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So you're an appraiser, Mr. Kun Jun?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 07.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Well, no... actually I've already forgotten what I'm in Liyue Harbor for... I was standing by the side of the road one day when Uncle Dai called me over.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 08.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' He saw me holding a rock and asked me a few questions. He seemed incredibly excited, even followed me for a while. We arranged to meet here.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How could you forget something like that?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' I saw him on my way over to Liyue Harbor, poring over rocks and muttering to himself. He looked to be very familiar with them.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' I asked him a few questions out of curiosity. To my surprise, he knew more than me, an old mining foreman! In any case, he didn't have any pressing matters, and agreed to help me.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... do you have a poor memory?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 09.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Not exactly... Anyway, if it's rocks you need help with, I can most certainly lend a hand.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 10.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Mr. Zhongli, what do you make of this rock?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A glossy exterior, with a fissure that could only have been left in the wake of a volcanic eruption. If I'm not mistaken, this is a rough gem from another nation.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 11.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Ah... a keen eye!
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's no ordinary rough gem. Fragile surface layer, black veining... My intuition tells me that there's high-quality crystal ore inside.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 12.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Remarkable. This rock does indeed hail from the vicinity of a volcano. I came across it in a market and snapped it straight up. The seller thought it was some leftover industrial remnant. They had no inkling of the treasure that lay within.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't Crystal Ore found everywhere?
:{{DIcon}} What makes this one so special?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 13.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Purity and geological rarity alone aren't enough to make a treasure. Some of the most precious crystals contain deposits of water or sand.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 14.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' In the moment of its formation, the crystal hidden within this stone shell captured a pocket of water. For water to be hidden in its depths, like a moon concealed within a mountain, reflecting shafts of daylight that make it through... Now that's a rare treasure.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Such a detailed description, almost like he saw it with his own two eyes...
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Say... you're not trying to hoodwink us are you? After all, we haven't even seen what's inside yet!
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Everything he said is true.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Most crystals are born in high-temperature environments. Heat and water aren't natural bedfellows of course, which is why crystals with water deposits are so sought-after. Moreover, this particular crystal contains mountain lake water. A rare find indeed.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well if Zhongli says so, it must be true...
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 15.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I've yet to encounter anyone with a judgment as shrewd as yours, Mr. Zhongli. How did you know exactly what lay within?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I've seen many such stones in my time, I recognized it immediately. I hope you didn't mind me flaunting my experience, Mr. Kun Jun?
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 16.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Of course not! I feel I've met a kindred spirit here today. I hope you will accept my friendship.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 kunjun 17.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Uncle Dai, it would be a mistake for Mr. Zhongli not to join us! Trust me when I say that his level of expertise is unrivaled in the trade. You won't come across another of his caliber in your lifetime.
:{{A|vo zllq101 4 uncledai 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Very well, there is strength in numbers after all! Everyone, follow me to The Chasm. There are men counting on you to find them.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Strange Sights, Stolen Souls
|zhs     = 世多古怪，横生盗匪
|zhs_rm  = Shì duō gǔguài, héngshēng dàofěi
|zht     = 世多古怪，橫生盜匪
|zht_rm  = Shì duō gǔguài, héngshēng dàofěi
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 失踪した鉱夫
|ja_rm   = Shissou Shita Koufu
|ja_tl   = Miners Who Disappeared
|ko      = 날뛰는 도적들
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Vistas extrañas y almas robadas
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Visions étranges et âmes volées
|fr_tl   = Strange Visions and Stolen Souls
|ru      = Странный мир, полный бандитов
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = โลกแสนกลปล้นวิญญาณ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thế giới kỳ quái, đạo tặc hoành hành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine komische Welt voller Banditen
|de_tl   = A Strange World Full of Bandits
|id      = Keanehan dan Kejahatan Tiada Akhir
|id_tl   = Endless Weirdness and Viciousness
|pt      = Avistamentos Estranhos, Almas Roubadas
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}