{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Strange Stone Chronicle
|id            = 74058
|image         = World Quest Strange Stone Chronicle Part 2.png
|type          = World
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Beryl Region
|subarea       = Merusea Village;"A Very Bright Place"
|characters    = Chesil; Paimon; Puca; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Merusea Village]], [[Fontaine]]
|prev          = Strange Stone Chronicle (Part 1)
|next          = Strange Stone Chronicle (Part 3)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*25,000;Strange Part*1
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 578
}}
'''''Strange Stone Chronicle''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Merusea Village]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Puca]]
# Collect [[Strange Ore]]
# Take the ore you've gathered to [[Chesil]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In order to find Puca's token, you once again visit the vein from before...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Chesil, optional)
:'''Chesil:''' Welcome... Oh hey, it's you!
:'''Chesil:''' Do you have the ore you agreed to bring?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:'''Chesil:''' Well, the craftsmen are still processing the previous sample, so it's not too urgent...
:'''Chesil:''' But if we managed to get our hands on more supplies, the craftsmen might just become newly inspired, eh?
:'''Chesil:''' I'll still be here waiting for your good news.

;(Talk to Puca)
:'''Paimon:''' Puca, we're back!
:'''Puca:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Are you here to play with me?
:'''Paimon:''' Um, not really! You told us that we could ask you anything related to ore veins and gemstones, right?
:'''Puca:''' Yep! I've collected all the pretty stones around the area. What exactly do you wanna ask about?
:'''Paimon:''' It's about that stone we found last time...
:{{Black Screen|You tell Puca about how you sold the strange ore to the gemstone merchant...}}
:'''Puca:''' Huh? People outside really thought that it was a precious gemstone? But I've even shown it to my sister before... Humans really are hard to understand...
:'''Puca:''' But I know a lot of places with stones like this! If you want, I'll show you where they are.
:{{Black Screen|Puca marks the locations of the strange ore on your map.}}
:'''Paimon:''' That'll be great. Thanks, Puca! Oh, right, here's the Mora that Chesil paid us as an advance fee. We could give you half, y'know!
:'''Puca:''' Oh, it's alright. We don't really need anything like that in the village, anyway... not to mention how you've helped me so much, too!

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the place that Puca marked out for us!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, but Paimon can't see that ore from before anywhere...
:'''Paimon:''' It couldn't be hidden inside these strange crystals, right?

;(After the collecting the strange ore)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like we've found a lot of that strange ore!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's bring it to the gem merchant like we agreed!
----
;(Talk to Chesil)
:'''Chesil:''' Welcome... Oh hey, it's you! My gemstone suppliers...
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! We brought lots of that ore, as promised!
:;(Submit {{Item|Strange Ore|x=30}})
:'''Chesil:''' Whoa, you found so much... This is an enormous help!
:'''Chesil:''' I already sent the ore to the workshop, but I still haven't received my sample product yet. It could be because the artisans aren't familiar with working a gem of this kind and ran into some trouble...
:'''Chesil:''' But worry not! I trust my judgment.
:'''Chesil:''' I'm planning to turn them into accessories that'll no doubt become the newest craze all across Fontaine.
:'''Chesil:''' You'll see what the final product looks like the next time you visit! I'll give you some samples as a gift when the time comes.
:'''Chesil:''' Or perhaps... you might see the most fashionable of the nobility wearing them before you even arrive, haha.
:'''Chesil:''' Alright then, you're always welcome to come back another time.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/OYOgWsYE4qI
|caption1 = Strange Stone Chronicle Part 2
}}
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Strange Stone Chronicle (Part 1)}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}