{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Strategic Reserve.png
|character     = Ningguang
|type          = 4th Ascension Passive
|info          = A character that passes through the [[Jade Screen]] will gain a 12% {{Color|Geo DMG Bonus}} for 10s.
|utility1      = Geo DMG Bonus
}}
'''Strategic Reserve''' is [[Ningguang]]'s [[4th Ascension Passive]].

==Gameplay Notes==
The buff is applied when a character enters the "buff application box" on the Jade Screen.
* The buff is applied on entry only.
** Standing inside the box will '''not''' continuously refresh the duration of the buff; a character must exit and re-enter to do so.
** Switching characters while inside the box is considered an "entry," so the new character will receive the buff.
* Entry is judged based on a character's bounding volume; if any part of the bounding volume starts overlapping with the buff application box, the character will receive the buff. (I.e., taller characters will get the buff more easily. It's not clear exactly what shape the game uses to bound characters, but it's probably a cylinder or capsule of some sort.)
** The box extends upwards about 1/3 of the way up the screen. This height is more than a character can jump on flat ground, but can be reached on uneven surfaces.
** The box extends downwards almost 1 full screen height below the bottom of the screen, which is more than enough for any character to receive the buff without actually touching the screen.
** The box extends width-wise and length-wise to the outer edges of the square bases on the sides of the screen.

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file    = Strategic Reserve Preview
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Strategic Reserve
|zhs     = 储之千日，用之一刻
|zhs_rm  = Chǔzhīqiānrì, Yòngzhīyīkè
|zht     = 儲之千日，用之一刻
|zht_rm  = Chúzhīqiānrì, Yòngzhīyīkè
|zh_tl   = Saved for a Thousand Days, Used in a Single Moment
|ja      = 備えあれば憂いなし
|ja_rm   = Sonae Areba Urei Nashi
|ja_tl   = Well Prepared Means No Worries
|ko      = 사전 준비
|ko_tl   = Advance Preparation
|es      = Reserva estratégica
|es_tl   = Strategic Reserve
|fr      = Réserve stratégique
|fr_tl   = Strategic Reserve
|ru      = Стратегические запасы
|ru_tl   = Strategic Reserves
|th      = Strategic Reserve
|vi      = Kiếm Củi Ba Năm Thiêu Một Giờ
|vi_tl   = Find Wood for Three Years Burn it in One Hour
|de      = Rücklagen für alle Fälle
|de_tl   = Reserves For All Situations
|id      = Strategic Reserve
|pt      = Reserva Estratégica
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Stratejik Rezerv
|tr_tl   = Strategic Reserve
|it      = Riserva strategica
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Ningguang}}

[[es:Reserva estratégica]]
[[fr:Réserve stratégique]]
[[ja:備えあれば憂いなし]]
[[pt-br:Reserva Estratégica]]
[[ru:Стратегические запасы]]
[[th:Strategic Reserve]]
[[vi:Kiếm Củi Ba Năm Thiêu Một Giờ]]