{{Event
|name              = "All Senses Clear, All Existence Void" Version 3.3 Strategy Guides Contest
|image             = All Senses Clear, All Existence Void Version 3.3 Strategy Guides Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-12-07 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-15 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/212
}}
{{Description|Hello, Travelers!<br>Version 3.3 "All Senses Clear, All Existence Void" is now online, and the new gameplay "Genius Invokation TCG" is now available. Come try it out! Also, the Strategy Guides Contest for the new Version has begun today~}}
'''"All Senses Clear, All Existence Void" Version 3.3 Strategy Guides Contest''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==How to Participate==
During the event, you can post your submissions that meet the event criteria through the Event Details page, and you will be considered a successful participant.<br>
You can also submit guides related to the "Genius Invokation TCG" gameplay mode during this contest.
*For this Strategy Guides Contest, guides that are related to new events and new characters with [Version 3.3] in the title and published with the topic hashtag #gameguides will gain more attention~
*For this Strategy Guides Contest, guides that are related to Genius Invokation TCG, posts with [Genius Invokation TCG] in the title, and published with the topic hashtag #Genius Invokation TCG will gain more attention~

==Event Rewards==
* Gold (5 Winners)
** Primogems ×6,000 + Wanderer's Troupe Accessories Series Brooch ×1 + Spark Knight Series Set ×1 + Genshin Impact Sticker Book ×1
* Silver Medal (10 Winners)
** Primogems ×2,000 + Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1 + Plushie Hangable ×1 + Genshin Impact Sticker Book ×1
* Bronze (20 Winners)
** Primogems ×1,000 + Spark Knight Series Set ×1 + Genshin Impact Sticker Book ×1
* Participation Prize
** HoYoLAB - Genshin Impact Strategy Guides Contest-Exclusive Avatar Frame (30 days)

==Judging Rules==
## The evaluation will be carried out by the guides judging team.
## The official organizer will assess the strategy guides that meet the criteria on the basis of various factors, such as their timely effectiveness, completeness, content accuracy, clarity of explanation, applicability, composition, and aesthetics of the layout. Therefore, it is possible that not all awards will be given out.

==Event Duration==
Submission Period: December 7, 2022 – January 15, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Judging Period: January 16, 2023 – February 16, 2023<br>
Results Announcement: February 17, 2023<br>
Primogem rewards will be issued within 15 business days of the results being announced.<br>
The estimated time for merchandise rewards delivery will be within 60 business days of the results being announced.

==Works Criteria==
===I. Submission Criteria===
Entries must be posted through the Event Details page during the submission period (December 7, 2022 – January 15, 2023 at 23:59 (UTC+8)). Entries posted after the deadline or posted anywhere other than on the Event Details page will not be considered.

===II. Content Criteria===
# The guide should be rich in content and contain various images. They must include at least 5 images (each must not exceed 20 MB).
#*Note: A maximum of 100 images can be displayed in a single post.
# The main content of the submitted guide that meets the criteria must match its title. The content should be laid out in a clear and logical manner, neatly structured, and should not contain any major factual errors. Any form of copying or plagiarism is prohibited.
# Entries may contain GIFs or videos to make the guide more interesting. Submissions with quality GIFs and videos may earn bonus points!
Note: If a video that is longer than 3 minutes and contains voice or text commentary is inserted in the post, the requirement of at least 5 images for a post is no longer applicable. The content of the video must be original and its description on YouTube must indicate "This video was made for the HoYoLAB Strategy Guides Contest, here is the link of the post: ...". Please include the link to your post in the video description, otherwise the video will be deemed as misappropriated work.

===III. Other Criteria===
# Your guide must not contain fan art created by a third party. Such publications will be deleted. You may only use official images or screenshots from the game to illustrate your guide.
# Any misappropriation of another person's work is strictly prohibited. Posts that have been reported and proven to contain plagiarized or copied content will be removed immediately. Users who have violated the rules will be permanently banned from participating in future community events.
# Entries containing content that violates the rules of the community will be handled in accordance with the Community Rules.

==Event Guidelines==
# Travelers, please pay attention to HoYoLAB's System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within the specified time frame will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their merchandise prizes.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Genshin Impact in HoYoLAB to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If Primogem-winning Travelers have not filled in their UID or filled in the incorrect UID after the list of winners is announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Other Details==
# By participating in this event, users grant the organizer the right to distribute the content of their strategy guide online or offline. The Genshin Impact team may publish some outstanding works on HoYoLAB from time to time, adding them to the featured posts and recommendations on the home page. Featured or recommended works are not related to event prizes. The issuance of rewards is based on the final evaluation results. The content creators retain the right to include their names in their guides.
# Each participant can submit multiple strategy guides, but only one prize will be awarded per UID. In the event that the same strategy guide wins more than one prize, only the highest prize will be awarded. The competition officials have the right of final interpretation of the results.
# The criteria for submissions and other criteria may be supplemented in the case of disruptive actions to the community or unfair submissions. In this case, these additions to the criteria will be applicable to all entries submitted prior to the supplementation.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[pt-br:Concurso de Guias/07-12-2022]]