{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Commission Straight to the Heart.png
|caption       = Stone Gate version
|type          = Commission
|summary       = Complete the trial; reach the destination within the allotted time.
|startLocation  = [[Teyvat]]
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Traveler
}}
'''''Straight to the Heart''''' is a repeatable [[Daily Commission]] that can occur in various locations of [[Liyue]] and [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
{{Quest Description|Reach the destination within the time limit. Defeating an opponent will give you a little bit of extra time.}}
# Complete the Time Challenge.
#* Stand on the [[Pressure Plate]] to start the challenge and reach the target location within the given amount of time. [[Slimes]] will spawn once the challenge starts and will disappear after the countdown. Each kill adds 5 extra seconds.

==Gameplay Notes==
* If quick enough, the player can get straight to the end point without defeating any enemies.
* Since the timer starts when the [[Pressure Plate]] is activated, using talents to trigger the sensor from a distance can allow you to get a head start. (If the talent persists for over 20–25 seconds, it can restart the challenge after a failure without requiring your character to return to the sensor.)
* The slimes for this commission are significantly weaker to allow for the player to rack up additional time.
* This challenge can be completed quickly in [[Co-Op Mode]] by having one player stand at the beginning and one player stand at the end.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
;Guyun Stone Forest (20 seconds)
{{Enemy List|Geo Slime*3/along 2 exploding barrels;Anemo Slime;Cryo Slime*3;Anemo Slime;Pyro Slime*3;Large Cryo Slime}}
;Huaguang Stone Forest (20 seconds)
{{Enemy List|Hydro Slime;Pyro Slime;Cryo Slime;Pyro Slime;Electro Slime/along 1 exploding barrel;Anemo Slime*1|x=2}}
;Luhua Pool (25 seconds)
{{Enemy List|Pyro Slime*3;Geo Slime*3;Hydro Slime*4;Electro Slime*3;Cryo Slime*3}}
;Minlin (25 seconds)
{{Enemy List|Hydro Slime*4;Pyro Slime*2;Cryo Slime*2;Electro Slime*2/along 2 exploding barrels}}
;Stone Gate (20 seconds)
{{Enemy List|Hydro Slime*3;Cryo Slime*3;Electro Slime*3;Pyro Slime*3;Large Cryo Slime*1/along 2 exploding barrels}}
;Narukami Island (30 seconds)
{{Enemy List|Geo Slime*3;Pyro Slime*7;Electro Slime*8;Large Hydro Slime*1;Large Cryo Slime*1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Straight to the Heart
|zhs     = 长驱直入
|zhs_rm  = Chángqūzhírù
|zht     = 長驅直入
|zht_rm  = Chángqūzhírù
|zh_tl   = Unstoppable Force to the Heart
|ja      = 駆け抜けろ
|ja_rm   = Kakenukero
|ja_tl   = Run Through
|ko      = 돌격! 앞으로
|ko_rm   = Dolgyeok! Apeuro
|ko_tl   = Charge! Forwards
|es      = ¡A la carga!
|es_tl   = Charge!
|fr      = Pénétrez en profondeur
|fr_tl   = Pierce Deep
|ru      = Прямо в сердце
|ru_tl   = Straight to the Heart
|th      = ดิ่งเข้าไปเลย!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Go Straight Inside!
|vi      = Trực Tiếp Xông Vào
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Augen zu und durch!
|de_tl   = Grit Your Teeth and Get To It!
|de_note = The German idiom literally starts with "Close Your Eyes".
|id      = Serangan Langsung
|id_tl   = Direct Attack
|pt      = Entre a Fundo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tam Kalbine
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Dritto al cuore
|it_tl   = Straight to the Heart
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Basic}}

[[es:¡A la carga!]]
[[fr:Pénétrez en profondeur]]
[[pt-br:Entre a Fundo]]
[[ru:Прямо в сердце]]