{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19066
|image         = Hangout Event Strength Training.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = I
|act           = Chivalric Training
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = Noelle's Strength
|characters    = Traveler; Noelle; Paimon; Belinda
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Strength Training''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Chivalric Training}}.

==Steps==
#Head to the mining site
#Shatter the nearby metal ore deposits (0/3)
#*Collecting the ore is not required to complete this step.
#Defeat the ambushing slimes
#Continue looking for mining sites
#Defeat the [[Blazing Axe Mitachurl]]
#Talk to the [[Belinda|Knight of Favonius]] next to the rockfall
#Destroy the obstructing rocks
#Defeat the [[Stonehide Lawachurl]]
#Shatter the nearby Crystal ore (0/6)
#*Collecting the ore is not required to complete this step.

==Trial Character==
{{Transclude|Noelle's Strength|Trial Character}}

==Dialogue==
===For Greater Strength===
{{Quest Description|Noelle has great strength but the path to greater strength is never-ending. Your suggestion to help her bring out yet more power is... mining.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we're really about to go mining...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You two are something else! *sigh* Fine... let's go practice on some nearby outcrops.
----
;(Upon arriving location)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is it, let's clear up these outcrops!
----
;(After breaking all Iron Chunks)
;(Obtain [[Hard Iron Chunk]] ×3)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are monsters nearby!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Fighting monsters... That's just part of mining, right? Leave it to me!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that rockfalls happen a lot around here... Keep your eyes open!
----
;(After defeating the slimes)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' More monsters? Mitachurls!?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Looks like a tough opponent... I'll try to make this quick and easy!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Noelle, slow down! Rockfalls can happen here!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Sorry... understood! Stay behind me, let's move forward together.
----
;(After defeating the Mitachurl)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wah! A rockfall! It's huge!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' D&mdash;did I cause this...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' M&mdash;... Could just be a coincidence...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait... Is that a Knight of Favonius up ahead? Let's find out what's going on!
----
;(Talking to Belinda beforehand)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 01.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' This is a rockfall-prone area. You shouldn't be stopping here without good reason.

;(Talk to [[Belinda]])
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 02.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Whoa... what a rockfall!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah... Ms. Belinda, is that you?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 03.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Is that Noelle? And the Honorary Knight, too?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' A&mdash;Are you hurt?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 04.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Don't worry, I'm fine. I'd already passed through the rockfall zone on my patrol.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 05.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' There's actually been a lot of rockfalls here lately... but it's the first time I've seen one of such magnitude during my patrols.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 06.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Did you guys see anything suspicious?
:{{DIcon}} No.
:{{DIcon}} Not at all.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 07.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Hmm... The more I think about it, surely nobody could be responsible for something of this scale.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 08.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' *sigh* Regardless, this will be difficult to clear...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 09.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' These are ore veins rich in reserves here, all blocked behind the boulders...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Did you say, ore veins?
:{{DIcon}} ...Ore veins?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 10.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Yeah, I'll need to enlist some folks to clear this up quickly.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 11.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Otherwise, how will we ever get to the ore...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm, the ore...
:{{DIcon}} ...Ore?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So once the boulders are out the way, mining can start up again?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 12.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Precisely, but a rockfall of this magnitude needs reporting to the Knights first&mdash;
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Leave it to me! I think I can handle this!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906601 belinda 13.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Uh... huh?
----
;(After destroying the rocks)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She smashed the boulders to pieces...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Look out! A Stonehide Lawachurl!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 belinda 01.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' A Stonehide Lawachurl? Is that the culprit behind the recent rockfalls?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 belinda 02.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' I'll call for reinforcements!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's a lot bigger than me, but I should have the upper hand when it comes to strength.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' We'll be one step closer to mining once I've taken care of it! Leave it to me!
----
;(After defeating the Lawachurl)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah... that was intense... Finally a chance to catch our breath... uh, Noelle?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' One, two, three, four... So many training targets...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? More enemies? Where?
----
;(After breaking all Crystal Chunks)
;(Obtain [[Hard Crystal Chunk]] ×6&ndash;7)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Phew...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Job done!
:{{DIcon}} So the training targets were just mining outcrops...
:{{DIcon}} Noelle really wasn't kidding about her strength...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 belinda 03.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' Are you guys okay? Noelle... you're okay, right?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm? Oh, I'm okay! Though I must say...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...My shoulders are sorer than usual, compared to my normal cleaning duties that is.
:{{DIcon}} Is cleaning up for the Knights that intense...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 belinda 04.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' I&mdash;I'm ashamed to admit that... even though we try and get Noelle to take it easy...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 belinda 05.ogg}} '''Belinda:''' ...Every time we get back from somewhere, she's somehow single-handedly managed to clean the entire Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' A&mdash;All in a day's work for a maid of Favonius...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If I want to become a knight, I need to take all aspects of training seriously.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So, Honorary Knight... the ore mining training... H&mdash;How did I do?
:{{DIcon}} Your strength blew me away!
:{{DIcon}} You did much better than I expected. To be honest, at first I...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' R&mdash;Really? So under your personal guidance I completed the training? What an honor!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906602 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Next time, let's mine together!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: A Maid Above Ground===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Maid Above Ground
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 1
|description     = ...Just a bunch of rocks.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Strength Training
|zhs     = 力量特训
|zhs_rm  = Lìliàng Tèxùn
|zht     = 力量特訓
|zht_rm  = Lìliàng Tèxùn
|zh_tl   = Special Strength Training
|ja      = パワー訓練
|ja_rm   = Pawaa Kunren
|ja_tl   = Power Training
|ko      = 파워 특훈
|ko_tl   = Power Special Training
|es      = Entrenamiento de fuerza
|es_tl   = Strength Training
|fr      = Entraînement de force
|fr_tl   = Strength Training
|ru      = Силовая тренировка
|ru_tl   = Strength Training
|th      = การฝึกความแข็งแกร่ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Strength Training
|vi      = Đặc Huấn Sức Mạnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Stärketraining
|de_tl   = Strength Training
|id      = Latihan Kekuatan
|id_tl   = Strength Training
|pt      = Treinamento de Força
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kuvvet İdmanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Addestramento di forza
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:パワー訓練]]