{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19081
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = II
|act           = Knightly Exam Prep
|startLocation = [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = Journey to Liyue
|next2         = Adventurer's Entrance Exam
|next3         = Noelle Rides Out
|characters    = Traveler; Noelle
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Studious Maid''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act II: [[Knightly Exam Prep]].

==Steps==
# Go to the library and find Noelle

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Noelle is usually brimming with energy, but recently she has been cooped up in the library, worrying about something or other...}}
===Emergency Exam Prep===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' "A Thesis on Chivalry"... "Favonius Bladework Fundamentals"... *sigh*
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So much to learn before the exam, how will I ever get through everything?
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, Honorary Knight! Long time no see! Anything you need me to take care of?
:{{DIcon}} Just came here to say hi...
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, thank you, that's very nice of you... It has been quite a while since we last met, hasn't it?
:{{DIcon}} You don't look so good...
::;(Lose 1 heart)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I don't? ...I'm sorry to make you worry on my account...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've been busy preparing for my exam. Other than for work and training, I've barely left the library.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The exam is drawing nearer and nearer, but there just seems to be an endless amount of material to review... *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} Surely, the only exam that could make Noelle so nervous is...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Right, The Knights of Favonius selection exam... *sigh*
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Even though I've already worked for the Knights as a maid for some time, I still need to pass this exam to officially become a Knight.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's just that I've failed several times in the past... I still don't know if I can make it this time...
:{{DIcon}} Can I help?
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' N&mdash;no, thank you! I can take care of myself... I hope...
:{{DIcon}} I can be your study buddy!
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Study buddy? N&mdash;no, I... That won't be necessary.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' This is my exam, and I'm taking it to fulfill my dream. Any obstacles I face are mine to overcome.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Plus, there is still some time to go before the exam arrives. You're the Honorary Knight of Mondstadt, it won't do for me to take up so much of your time.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But on the day of the exam, if... if you happen to be free...
:{{DIcon}} Which day is the exam? I'll be there.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Um, based on the Knights' schedule, I think it should be... half a year from now.
:{{DIcon}} ...Half a year away?
:{{DIcon}} I thought it was more imminent...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But, it's just half a year... don't you think that's quite soon?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Even though there is still some time, if I don't make good use of it, it will disappear!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've planned my schedule carefully. If I sleep two hours less each day and finish my work one hour earlier, then as long as I spend all the time I save studying, I should be able to finish these books...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' There's always coffee if I feel sleepy, and I have some candy on hand just in case I ever feel low on energy...
:{{DIcon}} Pushing yourself too hard will only affect your exam performance.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 21.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No, it won't. I've made sure to allocate time for training too &mdash; after all, combat is also assessed as part of the examination... Ohh...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 22.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Did I get too worked up all of a sudden? My vision... seems a bit blurry...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 23.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No... I still have training tomorrow, I must freshen up...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 24.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I apologize for letting you see me in such bad shape... I'm okay now.
:{{DIcon}} Pushing yourself too hard will only make things worse.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe try to relieve your anxiety first?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 25.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ohh... Every time I think of the exam, I get so nervous. Only studying or training helps to relieve it a little...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 26.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But in the end, I keep finding new ways in which I'm not prepared, and that makes me even more nervous.
:{{DIcon}} A change of scenery might do you good.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Don't hide from it. Confront the stress of the exam directly.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 1====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} A change of scenery might do you good.
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 27.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' You mean, a change of location? Hmm... Yes, staying in the Knights Headquarters and in the library all the time does tend to make me feel as if I always have to be studying...
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 28.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But where else could I go? The Cat's Tail? Or the Angel's Share?
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 29.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Or perhaps somewhere away from the city... Starsnatch Cliff, or Windrise?
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 30.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I could even make some muffins, grab some napkins, and make a picnic out of it... Ohh, but would that just waste too much time?
:{{DIcon}} How about farther away? make it a trip to Liyue.
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 31.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' A trip? To Liyue!? Oh, I couldn't possibly justify that. In the time it would take to get to Liyue and back, I could have just finished several of my books!
:{{DIcon}} Liyue has an old saying: "Better to travel ten thousand miles than to read ten thousand books."
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 32.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... You really think I shouldn't limit myself to Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 33.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Maybe you're right. Mondstadt is symbolized by the wind... But my Vision is a Geo one.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 34.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Maybe visiting the nation built by the Geo Archon could help me learn something new...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 35.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... very well, then... if it's just a quick visit...
:;(Proceed to [[Journey to Liyue]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 2====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Don't hide from it. Confront the stress of the exam directly.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 36.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... You mean, studying isn't the only preparation I should be doing?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 37.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If I don't overcome my fear of the exam, I will just repeat the same mistakes over and over again...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 38.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Whenever I encounter something unexpected, I can't think straight... And whenever I start worrying that I might fail again, my mind goes completely blank...
:{{DIcon}} You could take some more exams to get used to the atmosphere.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 3|Branch 3]])
:{{DIcon}} You could try to imagine yourself passing the exam.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 4|Branch 4]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 3====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} You could take some more exams to get used to the atmosphere.
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 39.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Take some more exams? ...Would that really help me?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 40.ogg}} '''Noelle:'''  It's true that the more I study, the more unprepared I feel. It's inevitable that I'll run into something unexpected...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 41.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But if I can simulate the atmosphere of an exam, then I can learn  how to cope with it.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 42.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... where would I even go to take one?
:{{DIcon}} I often take part in the ranking exams of the Adventurers' Guild.
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 43.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The Adventurers' Guild? Now that you mention it, someone once invited me to join them...
:{{DIcon}} The ranking exams of the Adventurers' Guild can make you stronger.
::{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 44.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The Adventurers' Guild? You can get stronger just by... passing their exam? ...Ohh, that sounds a little difficult to believe.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 45.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Well, since it's recommended by the Honorary Knight, then... I have to give it a try.
:;(Proceed to [[Adventurer's Entrance Exam]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 4====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} You could try to imagine yourself passing the exam.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 46.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Imagine myself passing the exam...? Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} If you passed the selection exam, what kind of knight would you want to become?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 47.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' What... kind of knight? I&mdash;I always thought that just qualifying to be a knight was challenging enough to begin with...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 48.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The knight that I want to be someday... Ohh... that feels so far away that it's a little difficult to imagine...
:{{DIcon}} Then let's start with knights closer to home. How about an Outrider, like Amber?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 49.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...An Outrider?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 50.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm sure Amber would be happy to see the Outriders grow as a team.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 51.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But my strengths are not in scouting and luring the enemy, and I'm not as agile as Amber. Hmm... I don't know if I would be of any assistance to her...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 52.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' However, I did once get Amber to teach me how to make Baron Bunnies!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 53.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If I were to use Baron Bunny to lure the enemy away and protect my fellow knights... I suppose I could do it?
:{{DIcon}} If you can perform the duty of a qualified knight, then you might feel more confident about the exam.
:{{DIcon}} Think of it as practicing for when you have to make Baron Bunnies with Amber in the future.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 54.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... I still have some of the materials we used when she taught me. There's just a few extra things I'd need...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 55.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Making the stuffing requires Pyro Slime Condensate, and the red dye used to grab the enemies' attention can be made from crushed Valberries.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 56.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's just that dried Valberries are not very suitable for making dye. I'll need to get some fresh ones from the Stormbearer Mountains.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908101 noelle 57.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So... let's start by going to the Stormbearer Mountains.
:;(Proceed to [[Noelle Rides Out]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Studious Maid
|zhs     = 女仆与复习
|zhs_rm  = Nǚpū Yǔ Fùxí
|zht     = 女僕與複習
|zht_rm  = Nǚpū Yǔ Fùxí
|zh_tl   = Maid and Review
|ja      = メイドと復習
|ja_rm   = Meido to Fukushuu
|ja_tl   = A Maid and Material Revision
|ko      = 메이드와 복습
|ko_rm   = Me'ideu-wa Bokseup
|ko_tl   = A Maid and Review
|es      = La estudiosa criada
|es_tl   = The Studious Servant
|fr      = Servante studieuse
|fr_tl   = Studious Maid
|ru      = Ученица-девица
|ru_tl   = Student Maiden
|th      = สาวใช้และการฝึกฝน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hầu gái và ôn tập
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Prüfungsvorbereitung
|de_tl   = Exam Preparations
|id      = Pelayan Terpelajar
|id_tl   = Educated Maid
|pt      = Empregada Estudiosa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çalışkan Hizmetçi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Domestica studiosa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}