{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest and Event NPC
|image            = NPC Su Ding.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Liyue
|affiliation      = Millelith
|title            = Millelith General Staff Member

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Su Ding''' is an [[NPC]] exclusive to quests and events who first appeared in the {{Quest|Where the Heart Finds Rest}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Su Ding is a [[Millelith]] Staff Officer who used to be deployed on the frontlines. He would later work on the Wargame of Five Armies, a collaborative war simulation project held by the Millelith and the [[Liyue Qixing]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Commanders and Wargames}}</ref>

===Appearance===
He has short brown hair, light brown eyes, and wears the typical male Millelith uniform.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events
|Where the Heart Finds Rest = cameo, first cutscene only
}}

==Dialogue==
''Available during Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation.''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Su Ding:''' Each round of the tabletop Wargame provides valuable intel that can be used as a reference for enhancing the overall security of [[Teyvat]]. The more info we have, the better, so please feel free to let your tactical acumen run wild.
:{{DIcon}} I'll play a few more rounds then.
::'''Su Ding:''' Excellent. The board will be reset after each Wargame, so you can start over whenever you like.
:{{DIcon}} About this Wargame...
::'''Su Ding:''' [[Kaiyang|Lord Kaiyang]] proposed holding this Wargame to [[Ningguang|Lady Tianquan]]. It is a trial conference of limited scope, but it should be sufficient to assess the veracity of utilizing miniaturized simulations to obtain intelligence.
::'''Su Ding:''' [[Keqing|Lady Yuheng]] sent letters of invitation to the armed services of our neighboring nations in order to deepen our cooperation, introduce new variables, and expand the intel that the exercise could provide.
::'''Su Ding:''' Improving the security of our neighbors can also reduce the risk of merchant caravans being attacked on the road, which will in turn be beneficial for expanding the scale of commercial relations.
::'''Su Ding:''' Naturally, cooperation will be limited to an appropriate level. The Millelith will not share the means at our disposal for protecting our homeland, and the other armies all have their own unique capabilities.
::'''Su Ding:''' This is part of the reason that no gamepieces modeled after any of our own combat units are among those to be used in the wargame. After all, the primary objective of the simulation is to assess schools of thought related to formations and deployment.
::'''Su Ding:''' Building mutual trust, finding common ground, and working together for the betterment of all are what I understand to be the goals of our cooperation.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about yourself...
::'''Su Ding:''' Our paths have crossed before, but it is unlikely you paid me much heed.
::'''Su Ding:''' I was once a frontline soldier, and followed Lady Yuheng to the [[Guyun Stone Forest]] to deploy our mass-produced [[Guizhong Ballista]]e against [[Beisht]]'s attack.
::'''Su Ding:''' I personally witnessed the entire battle in which you and [[Adeptus]] [[Shenhe]] repelled Beisht. It was profoundly moving.
::{{DIcon}} That kinda rings a bell...
:::'''Su Ding:''' I am honored. It seems you are blessed with an eidetic memory. Nothing less than should be expected of such a matchless commander.
::{{DIcon}} Sorry, I'm drawing a blank...
:::'''Su Ding:''' No matter. Past experiences are peripheral to the main point.
::{{DIcon}} Adeptus Shenhe...
:::'''Su Ding:''' Her adeptal power is worthy of utmost veneration. But it may be beyond the capacity of an ordinary soldier to acquire such strength through honing their martial skills...
::'''Su Ding:''' In any case, it is difficult for mere mortals to defeat foes on that level by relying solely on improving the martial skills or weapons of a single individual.
::'''Su Ding:''' That is not to discount the importance of those two factors, or that one can be prepared for everything simply by sticking to traditional army formations. But we must adapt to the times and continually upgrade our arsenal and tactics.
::'''Su Ding:''' Combining advanced weaponry and tactics are the basic requirements for securing victory. Utilizing the proper tactics for the adversary you are facing is the key to prevailing.
::'''Su Ding:''' The significance of this Wargame lies in acquiring more of these "keys." With sufficient preparation, even an enemy as powerful as Beisht can be dealt with.
:{{DIcon}} Regarding the other armies taking part...
::'''Su Ding:''' You want to hear my opinion of the armed forces of our neighbors? Then I'll be frank&mdash;
::'''Su Ding:''' They are all top-notch professionals of the highest caliber.
::'''Su Ding:''' The [[Phonia|representative]] from the [[Knights of Favonius]] is an intelligence officer, skilled in using cutting-edge Alchemical technology to engage in remote reconnaissance.
::'''Su Ding:''' However, if you wish to exploit the advantage offered by such distance reconnaissance, corresponding projectile weapons must also be purchased and logistics units for delivering the associated materiel organized, all of which requires a considerable budget...
::'''Su Ding:''' The [[Shogunate]] [[Kuromaro|representative]] is from the [[Yashiro Commission]], and has outstanding swordsmanship. He courageously leads his troops from the front, and his drive in battle is truly commendable.
::'''Su Ding:''' However, if you are too focused on personally leading troops in an assault, it may be difficult to properly command, and you may end up winning a localized victory while the overall battle is a catastrophic defeat. One should never allow oneself to get carried away...
::'''Su Ding:''' As for the [[Sido|representative]] from [[Sumeru]]'s [[Corps of Thirty]], he is adept at handling extreme environments from the desert to the rainforest, and claims that he and his troops can fight for an extended period of time with just a small quantity of supplies.
::'''Su Ding:''' However, in order to increase their ability to adapt to those environments, the Corps of Thirty is a relatively lightly armed force. If they had to take on heavily armored foes directly, they could easily find themselves at a disadvantage...
::'''Su Ding:''' The [[Turenna|representative]] sent by [[Fontaine]]'s [[Special Security and Surveillance Patrol]] belongs to an exceptional firearms unit. Highly organized and with strict discipline, they can accurately unleash withering volleys on any enemy.
::'''Su Ding:''' However, their equipment is quite complex, and can be complicated to use. All this maintenance is of the utmost importance, and members must all be trained to high standards. This, in turn, makes it very difficult to substantially increase troop levels.
::'''Su Ding:''' Ultimately, there is no such thing as a perfect combat unit. All that can be done is for the relevant personnel to try to make up for their weaknesses, and continually improve their performance in actual combat situations.
::'''Su Ding:''' I believe that with increased communication and cooperation, we will all benefit.
:{{DIcon}} We'll talk more later!
::'''Su Ding:''' Then I look forward to that day, and to your continued participation in the Wargames!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Su Ding
|zhs     = 苏定
|zhs_rm  = Sū Dìng
|zht     = 蘇定
|zht_rm  = Sū Dìng
|ja      = 蘇定
|ja_rm   = So Tei{{Assumed}}
|ko      = {{tt|소< >정|蘇定}}
|es      = Su Ding
|fr      = Su Ding
|ru      = Су Дин
|th      = Su Ding
|vi      = Su Ding
|de      = Su Ding
|id      = Su Ding
|pt      = Su Ding
|tr      = Su Ding
|it      = Su Ding
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}