{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Suanni's Gilded Dance.png
|character     = Gaming
|type          = Elemental Burst
|info          = Gaming enters Wushou Stance, briefly applying {{Color|Pyro}} to him, [[Healing|recovering]] a fixed amount of [[HP]], and summons his companion, the Suanni Man Chai, to smash into his target, dealing {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}}.<br>After bashing its target, Man Chai will roll to a nearby location before moving towards Gaming. When it links up with Gaming, Man Chai will leave the field and reset the [[CD]] for Gaming's Elemental Skill, [[Bestial Ascent]].<br>While Wushou Stance is active, his [[Interruption Resistance|resistance to interruption]] is increased, and when Gaming lands with Charmed Cloudstrider attack or completes the forward pounce attack from Bestial Ascent with over 50% HP, he will summon Man Chai again.<br>Each Gaming can only have 1 Man Chai on the field simultaneously.<br>This effect will be canceled once Gaming leaves the field.
|CD            = 15s
|energyCost    = 60
|scale_att1    = ATK
|scale_att2    = Max HP
|utility1      = Pyro Status to Self
|utility2      = Healing
|utility3      = Cooldown Reset
|utility4      = Interruption Resistance
|utility5      = Requires Staying on Field
}}
{{Description|"The gilded Suanni spits out fortune like a fireworks show! Hey, now that's what's called prosperity, when business is really 'booming'!"}}
'''Suanni's Gilded Dance''' is [[Gaming]]'s [[Elemental Burst]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* Man Chai's mechanic consists of two parts: the rolling and the returning.
** Man Chai bounces off the target and rolls in random direction. In normal condition (e.g. flat surface), it takes ~'''1'''s for Man Chai to land on the surface. If Man Chai comes into contact with another target like a cliff, it will finish the landing earlier.
** There is a distinct SFX when Man Chai finishes the rolling part.
** After landing, Man Chai will head back to Gaming at a fixed speed. If Gaming remains at his position, it will take ~'''0.5'''s for Man Chai to reunite with Gaming and reset the [[CD]] for Bestial Ascent. The timing will vary if Gaming is moving toward or away from Man Chai.
** Man Chai will automatically reunite with Gaming and disappear after '''6'''s, which is identical to his Bestial Ascent talent CD, and thus bring no effect.
* Man Chai will only be resummoned if Gaming is not jumping upward during Bestial Ascent or finish performing Charmed Cloudstrider. If he fails to perform Charmed Cloudstrider after jumping, Man Chai will not be resummoned.
;<big>Constellation Effects</big>
* {{Talent Note|constellation|1|Bringer of Blessing}}
* {{Talent Note|constellation|5|Evil-Daunting Roar}}

==Advanced Properties==
{{Advanced Properties
|title   = Suanni Man Chai Smash DMG
|gu      = 1U
|icdtag  = Elemental Burst
|icdtype = 2.5s/3 Hits
|poise   = 200
|impulse = Air, 0, 600
}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1=Suanni's Gilded Dance Preview
}}

==Attribute Scaling==
{{Talent Scaling
|levels=13
|order=suannimanchaismashdmg,skillhealing,wushoustanceduration,cd,energycost
|titles=Suanni Man Chai Smash DMG,Skill Healing,Wushou Stance Duration,CD,Energy Cost
|suannimanchaismashdmg_1=370.4
|suannimanchaismashdmg_2=398.18
|suannimanchaismashdmg_3=425.96
|suannimanchaismashdmg_4=463
|suannimanchaismashdmg_5=490.78
|suannimanchaismashdmg_6=518.56
|suannimanchaismashdmg_7=555.6
|suannimanchaismashdmg_8=592.64
|suannimanchaismashdmg_9=629.68
|suannimanchaismashdmg_10=666.72
|suannimanchaismashdmg_11=703.76
|suannimanchaismashdmg_12=740.8
|suannimanchaismashdmg_13=787.1
|skillhealing=30% Max HP
|wushoustanceduration=12s
|cd=15s
|energycost=60
}}

==Talent Leveling==
{{Talent Upgrade|Gaming}}

==Voice-Overs==
{{Talent VO}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Suanni's Gilded Dance
|zhs     = 璨焰金猊舞
|zhs_rm  = Cànyàn Jīnní-wǔ
|zht     = 璨焰金猊舞
|zht_rm  = Cànyàn Jīnní-wǔ
|zh_tl   = Suanni's Radiant Flame Dance
|ja      = 燦炎金猊の舞
|ja_rm   = San'en Kingei<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/aP3BSQyj7_4 Ver.4.4{{ja|「彩る紙鳶、春梳きて」予告番組}}]</ref> no Mai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 찬란한 금예춤
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Pirodanza del suanni
|es_tl   = Suanni's Firedance
|fr      = Danse de félidé enflammé
|fr_tl   = Flaming Felid's Dance
|ru      = Золотой танец суаньни
|ru_tl   = Suanni's Golden Dance
|th      = Suanni's Gilded Dance
|vi      = Kim Nghê Vũ Bùng Cháy
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Suanni vergoldeter Tanz
|de_tl   = The Suanni Gilded Dance
|id      = Suanni's Gilded Dance
|pt      = Dança das Chamas Douradas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Suanni'nin Yaldızlı Dansı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Danza dorata del Suanni
|it_tl   = Suanni's Golden Dance
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Gaming}}

[[es:Pirodanza del suanni]]
[[fr:Danse de félidé enflammé]]
[[pt-br:Dança das Chamas Douradas]]
[[ru:Золотой танец суаньни]]
[[vi:Kim Nghê Vũ Bùng Cháy]]