{{For|the game mechanic|Creation}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
|region       = Liyue
}}
'''Sub-Space Creation''' or '''Waijing''' {{Lang|zh=外景|zh_rm=Wàijǐng|zh_tl=Outdoor Scene}}<ref name="MVME">{{Ref/Item|Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir}}</ref> is an [[Adepti|adeptal]] ability used to create small, autonomous pocket worlds through imagination.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part I}}</ref><ref name="MVME" />

This ability was a blessing from [[Rex Lapis]] and has been used during troubling times for some brief respite.<ref>NPC Dialogue: [[Tubby/Lore#Dialogue|Tubby]] (Trust Rank 10)<!--manual format as tubby is a special npc so template cannot be used--></ref> Even though it is a powerful adeptal ability, it does have limitations: one cannot build a whole city inside, since it is not a true world.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part II}}</ref>

==Capabilities==
Sub-Space Creation imbues items with a particular energy, which can cause them to have special properties that are different from the world of Teyvat:
* Soil has unlimited nutrition, and gardens will grow without intensive care.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|A Path of Value: Jade Field}}, [[A Path of Value: Luxuriant Glebe]], and [[A Path of Value: Luxuriant Glebe]]</ref>
* Fish ponds contain nutrients and have clear, warm water all year.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Pool of Sapphire Grace}}</ref>
* Hot springs can maintain an optimal temperature for a long time.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Hot Spring Foyer: Shelter from the Cold}}</ref>
* Paints with Sub-Space Creation energy are used to resonate with the Traveler and implant their memories on a canvas.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Lingering Moment}}</ref>
* [[Chubby]] believes that Sub-Space Creation energy could allow severed lizards' [[Lizard Tail|tail]]s to regrow into a new lizard, though this theory has not been tested.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Red Horned Lizard}}</ref>

However, even Sub-Space Creation cannot be used to recreate the original form of [[Padisarah]]s that went extinct after the death of the [[Goddess of Flowers]].<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Longing in the Tranquil Court}}</ref>

Beings that originated outside of the Serenitea Pot can benefit from Sub-Space Creation energy. [[Onmyoudou]], the art used to create the [[Omni-Ubiquity Net]], was created by [[Kamuna Harunosuke]], who was also familiar with adeptal arts. Thus, the Omni-Ubiquity Net's ability to recreate small creatures inside the Realm Within may be related to Sub-Space Creation.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Omni-Ubiquity Net (Quest)}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* [[Madame Ping]] has used Sub-Space Creation for her [[Inside the Teapot|teapot]].
* Even though [[Yanfei]] is technically able to use Sub-Space Creation, she struggles with it and thus has not created one herself.<ref>{{Ref/Companion|Yanfei}}</ref>
* [[Traveler]] is able to use Sub-Space Creation. It is unclear how Traveler is able to use this adeptal ability, but it could be because the Adepti lent their power to the Traveler during the [[Turning Point|battle against Osial]].
* [[Venti]] has likely visited an abode created by Sub-Space Creation beforehand.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Mondstadt Mansion: Windward Manor}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sub-Space Creation
|zhs     = 外景
|zhs_rm  = Wàijǐng
|zhs_tl  = Outdoor Scene
|ja      = {{Rubi|外|がい|景|けい}}
|ja_rm   = Gaikei<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part I|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Outdoor Scene
|ko      = {{tt|외경|外景}}
|ko_rm   = Oegyeong
|ko_tl   = Outdoor Scene
|es      = Creación dimensional
|es_tl   = Dimensional Creation
|fr      = Création spatiale
|fr_tl   = Spatial Creation
|ru      = Подпространство
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = พลังเนรมิต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Không Gian|空間}} {{tt|Phụ|輔}}
|vi_tl   = Sub-Space
|de      = Raumschaffung
|de_tl   = Space Creation
|id      = Penciptaan Ruang
|id_tl   = Room Creation
|pt      = Criação Subespacial
|pt_tl   = Subspacial Creation
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[ja:外景]]