{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19091
|image         = Hangout Event Substitute Acting Grand Master Noelle.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = II
|act           = Knightly Exam Prep
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = 
|characters    = Traveler; Beatrice; Margaret; Marjorie; Noelle; Alfry; Raymond; Glory
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Substitute Acting Grand Master Noelle''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Knightly Exam Prep}}.

==Steps==
# Go to Mondstadt's gate
# Head northwest from With Wind Comes Glory and search for clues
# Climb onto the rooftop and look for a Finch nest (0/3)
# Talk to Marjorie

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Noelle decides to emulate Jean by returning to Mondstadt and helping the citizens with their problems.<br>Marjorie has lost a monocle. To avoid adding to the workload of the Knights of Favonius, and Jean in particular, you and Noelle decide to help instead.}}
===In the Master's Image===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' ...I'm sorry, Marjorie. I was focused solely on chatting with Quinn... I didn't see anything else at all.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' If you're out of other options, maybe you could get help from the knights? I'm sure if Master Jean heard about it, she'd help you find it in no time!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 01.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Thanks. I'll check with a few more people first... If no one has seen it, then I guess I'll just have to ask the knights.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 beatrice 03.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Alright, well, I hope it turns up soon. Bye now.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 02.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' *sigh* Maybe I should just tell the Knights already...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ms. Marjorie, are you in need of assistance?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 03.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh, Noelle! Since you asked... I seem to have misplaced a monocle that I imported from Sumeru.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 04.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' I was organizing the stock that had just arrived, and because the monocle was so fragile, I took it out, wiped it, and put it aside.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 05.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' But then, I went to get it after I was done with the stock, and it was gone!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 06.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' I've asked around, but no one seems to have any idea where it could be...
:{{DIcon}} Has anything like this happened before?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 07.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Anything like this? Well... It's not completely unheard-of. You know my store &mdash; there are all sorts of exotic items...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 08.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' In the past, I've lost a carved wooden perch and some boneware, but as soon as I reported them missing to the Knights, they were recovered right away.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' May I ask... Where were the missing items recovered from?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 09.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh... The wooden perch was mistaken for a real fish by Margaret's cat, and as for the boneware... They eventually found that in a dog kennel somewhere outside the city.
:{{DIcon}} Reminds me of some commissions once involving a missing cat and some tax returns...
:{{DIcon}} With people calling on the knights for so many things, it's no wonder Jean is so busy...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh no... We mustn't increase Jean's workload any further!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Master Jean's time should be spent on more important things.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ms. Marjorie... Would you mind letting me help you find the missing monocle?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I may not be as efficient as Master Jean, but I will do my very best to help you find it!
:{{DIcon}} I will help too.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 10.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh? Of course that's okay. ...Isn't asking Noelle the same thing as asking the Knights?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Heh... {{Traveler}}, I'd better gather some more information before heading out.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As well as confirming some details regarding the monocle itself... We should find out as much as possible from Marjorie about the circumstances under which it went missing.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 11.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' So, do you have some ideas on where to start? Ask me whatever you wanna know, I'll answer to the best of my memory.
:{{DIcon}} What can you tell us about the missing item?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 12.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' The missing item... Well, it's a monocle, to start with. And since it came from Sumeru, the design should be fairly recognizable.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 13.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' As for other distinguishing features... it's very light and it's very small...
:{{DIcon}} Did you see anything?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 14.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Hmm... I had my head down, and I was busy working through the stock. I didn't see anything that was going on around me...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 15.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' But this street is so busy that surely someone would have noticed if it had been stolen?
:{{DIcon}} Did you hear anything?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 16.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh! Now that you mention it... I do remember hearing some kind of flapping sound...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 17.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' The sound went as soon as it came, and I was focused on checking if anyone had seen anything, so I didn't give it too much thought at the time... Do you think it could be connected?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we can investigate in the direction in which the noise disappeared.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 18.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Hmm... I heard it first behind me, and then it seemed to fade out in a northwesterly direction. Now I wish I'd followed the sound and spoken to people along the way.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' {{Traveler}}, shall we go head in that direction and make some inquiries? Maybe we'll find some clues.

;(Talk to Marjorie again)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909101 marjorie 19.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Like I said, the noise was headed... northwest, I think? Good luck finding the monocle... I'm counting on you.

;(Talk to Alfry)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 alfry 01.ogg}} '''Alfry:''' A missing monocle and a flapping sound? ...First I've heard of anything like that...

;(Talk to Margaret)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 margaret 01.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' A missing monocle, you say? I don't recall my child bringing anything like that back home.

;(Talk to Raymond)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 raymond 01.ogg}} '''Raymond:''' A flapping sound? Sorry, I wasn't on patrol nearby at the time of the incident... But if you need any backup, please send for me at any time.

;(Talk to Glory)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Excuse me, Glory. Have you heard anything that might be described as a flapping sound in this area recently?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Marjorie's monocle has gone missing from her shop. We are trying to look for clues...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 glory 01.ogg}} '''Glory:''' Flapping sound? Yes, I think so...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 glory 02.ogg}} '''Glory:''' I believe it was the sound of a finch flapping its wings.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 glory 03.ogg}} '''Glory:''' It sounded a lot heavier today than usual... as if it was carrying something.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So... Maybe the finch took the monocle back to its nest?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've seen their nests in the past on occasion, while I'm cleaning the roof... What do you say we have a look, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Finally, we have a lead to go on. Thank you, Glory!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 glory 04.ogg}} '''Glory:''' You are welcome! May you swiftly recover the lost item by the grace of the Anemo Archon.

;(Talk to Glory again)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909102 glory 05.ogg}} '''Glory:''' By the grace of the Anemo Archon, may you swiftly find the lost item.

;(Climb onto the rooftop and look for a Finch nest)
:;(Interact with the wrong nest)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 24.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I don't think it's here...
::&nbsp;
:;(Interact with the wrong nest)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 25.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... No, it doesn't seem to be here.
::&nbsp;
:;(Interact with the correct nest)
::{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 26.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' We found it! This must be Miss Marjorie's missing monocle.
::{{A|vo noecop002 1909002 noelle 27.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Let's take it back to her right away. I hope we haven't kept her waiting too long...

;(Talk to Marjorie)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Miss Marjorie, here. We found your monocle.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 01.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Wow, you were so quick. How wonderful! I thought I wouldn't be hearing back for a few days yet.
:{{DIcon}} A few days? That long?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 02.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Sure, in the past when I've lost something and asked the Knights for help, it can take them a while to get around to it...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 03.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' After all, the Knights have all sorts of things to be getting on with, big and small. No matter how capable Jean might be, she can't be in two places at once, can she?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 04.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Thanks to you, Noelle, we don't have to trouble the Knights with everything little thing that comes up.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 05.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Heh, now I think about it... Noelle is basically like another Jean... In that sense, it really does feel like Jean can be in two places at once.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No, surely you can't be serious! How can I compare to Master Jean...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I can only help people with small things... like finding lost property.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 06.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Aha, whether it's big or small, it's all the same to us: things we can't handle by ourselves.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 07.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Noelle, once you've qualified as an official Knight... Will that mean you won't have time to help us anymore? I for one am going to miss you...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No, not at all. If I do become a knight in the future...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I will continue to help everyone with their problems!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 08.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' ...I was just kidding! Keep up the good work, Noelle!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 09.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' I am sure everyone in Mondstadt can't wait to see the kind of knight you become!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I... I will keep working hard!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 marjorie 10.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Thanks again! Ugh, I suppose I should put this in a secure place this time...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The kind of knight... that I become...
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, you seem quite pleased!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, d&mdash;do I? Um...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... Maybe it's because I am not afraid anymore...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've never dared to imagine myself as a knight before... I always feared that the higher my expectations, the more disappointed I will be if I don't live up to them...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... Let's say I do become a knight in the future, maybe... Maybe I will simply continue to do the same things that I am doing right now?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It doesn't matter to me how small these things are, or how tiring...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I do these things not because I am a maid, but because of my own will.
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, just be the kind of knight that you want to be.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, there is no need to become someone else, nor worry about failing... As long as I perform better in my next exam than in my previous one...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1909103 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Then one day, I will become a knight that I can be proud of.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: The One and Only Noelle===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The One and Only Noelle
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 2
|description     = Someday, Noelle will become a knight like no other.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Substitute Acting Grand Master Noelle
|zhs     = 诺艾尔的代理工作
|zhs_rm  = Nuò'ài'ěr de Dàilǐ Gōngzuò
|zht     = 諾艾爾的代理工作
|zht_rm  = Nuò'ài'ěr de Dàilǐ Gōngzuò
|zh_tl   = Noelle's Substitute Work
|ja      = ノエルの代理仕事
|ja_rm   = Noeru no Dairi Shigoto
|ja_tl   = Noelle's Substitute Work
|ko      = 노엘의 대리업무
|ko_rm   = Noel-ui Daerieommu
|ko_tl   = Noelle's Substitute Work
|es      = Noelle, la Gran Maestra Suplente
|es_tl   = Noelle, the Substitute Grand Master
|fr      = Noëlle, Grande Maîtresse suppléante
|fr_tl   = Noelle, Acting Great Master
|ru      = Ноэлль, исполняющая обязанности действующего магистра
|ru_tl   = Acting Grand Master Noelle
|th      = รักษาการผู้บัญชาการ Noelle
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Acting Commander Noelle
|vi      = Công việc đại diện của Noelle
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Noelle springt ein
|de_tl   = Noelle Jumps In
|id      = Noelle, Pengganti Acting Grand Master
|id_tl   = Noelle, Substitute Acting Grand Master
|pt      = Substituta da Grande Mestre Intendente, Noelle
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yedek Büyük Kumandan Vekili Noelle
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Noelle, sostituta Gran Maestra Reggente
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}