{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5022
|image         = Archon Quest Subterranean Ruins.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = Incandescent Ode of Resurrection
|actNum        = V
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Capitano; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Chuwen Fair]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|poi           = Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Chuwen Fair
|prev          = For the Same Land
|next          = As the Sun Rises and Sets
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*700;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Subterranean Ruins|chapter=5|act=5|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Wait for two days
# Return to the [[Weary Inn]] to rest
# Explore up ahead
# Approach the gathering of figures

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Moment of Awakening (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The crucial moment is fast approaching. You should get some rest today...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just got a message from [[Mavuika]]. She says to meet her at the [[Speaker's Chamber]] tomorrow!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hm... Does that mean your [[Ancient Name]] is ready to be forged? Let's get some good rest today. We need to be at our best for this special moment!

;(Approach the bed in the Weary Inn)

:{{Black Screen|You slowly fall asleep to the sound of Paimon's snoring...}}
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Where am I? Is this... the [[Night Kingdom]]?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (How did I get here? I was just... Argh...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I feel dizzy, like I can't think straight. Let me try to take a look around...)

;(Use Quest Navigation, optional)
::Explore the "curtain of light" in the distance

;(Walk through the Night Kingdom)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The fog is so dense. This area is in really bad shape...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That means the [[Ley Line]]s are in an even worse state than the last time I was here.)

:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Once we finally defeat the [[Abyss]], will this place go back to normal?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Even though it's been getting ravaged for hundreds and thousands of years...)

:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Wait... a wall of light? I can't believe something like this still exists in this place.)

:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Hold on. Those... Those things at the foot of the light... What are they!?)

;(Approach the figures at the wall of light)
:;(The Traveler cautiously walks through the wall of light)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (When I passed through the wall of light, it felt like my whole body was frozen.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I guess the [[Lord of the Night]]'s protection can't reach this place. The cold and darkness are suffocating, and all I hear are cries of exhaustion and pain.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (How long have these souls existed in torment? How much longer before it ends...?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Huh? There's someone here...)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 5 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Though [[Khaenri'ah|our homeland]] has become a distant memory, the flames of war continue to rage. We have long shed the last of our blood...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 5 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Stay strong, my soldiers...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (What is The Captain doing here? And what is he saying...?)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 5 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' One day, I will deliver you to the place I promised.
:;(The Traveler wakes up)<!-- screen transition -->
:{{A|vo ntaq301 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Morning, {{Traveler}}! Did you have a nightmare last night?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon could hear you tossing and turning in your sleep. Maybe you're just nervous for the final battle?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So, it was a dream? I can barely remember it.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Everything that happened seems so hazy. Trying to remember is giving me a headache...)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just shake it off, {{Traveler}}! We're supposed to meet with Mavuika today!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Subterranean Ruins
|zhs      = 地中残景
|zhs_rm   = Dìzhōng Cánjǐng
|zht      = 地中殘景
|zht_rm   = Dìzhōng Cánjǐng
|zh_tl    = Underground Scenery of Destruction
|ja       = 奥底の惨状
|ja_rm    = Okusoko no Sanjou
|ja_tl    = Pitiful Sight in the Deepest Depths
|ko       = 땅속의 잔상
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Sombras en la tierra
|es_tl    = Shadows in the Earth
|fr       = Ruines souterraines
|fr_tl    = Subterranean Ruins
|ru       = Подземные руины
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ทิวทัศน์แห่งเศษซากใต้ดิน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tàn Cảnh Dưới Đất
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Anblick unterirdischer Verwüstung
|de_tl    = Sight of Subterranean Devastation
|id       = Reruntuhan Bawah Tanah
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Ruínas Subterrâneas
|pt_tl    = Subterranean Ruins
|tr       = Yer Altı Harabeleri
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Rovine sotterranee
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}

[[th:ทิวทัศน์แห่งเศษซากใต้ดิน]]