{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Sucrose
|id             = 368130
|image          = Character Sucrose Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Sucrose''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Margin of error...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The experiment results...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My bone collection...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Research...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Bio-alchemy...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Thanks to you...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The research proceeds well...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Thanks to you, my research is progressing smoothly.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, uh... Please don't worry about me.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' As long as there's a dedicated laboratory, I am more than satisfied.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Your home far exceeds my needs.
::{{DIcon}} No need to hold back.
::{{DIcon}} If there's any experiment you need, just say the word.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh... Um...
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'd feel guilty to trouble you...
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' But I greatly appreciate your kindness. It means a lot.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Uh... I'm... not very good at making conversation.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Most of my time I spend alone in the laboratory, researching for many hours at a time.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' If an experiment doesn't quite go to plan, it can even end up being several days.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I don't know much about what goes on in the outside world... or the kinds of things that people like to talk about...
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' And um... I don't really like to go out and socialize much, even on my days off.
::{{DIcon}} What about socializing with me?
::{{DIcon}} What about chatting with me?
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh... If it's with you, then...
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No, no... I still don't know what would be appropriate to talk about.
::{{DIcon}} You can just talk about whatever comes to mind.
::{{DIcon}} It's okay to have nothing particular to talk about, you know...
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hearing you say this makes me feel more at ease.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I guess... I can try.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, actually... I have a few small questions I'd like to ask you.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Just say the first answer that comes to mind. There are no right or wrong answers.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Small Lamp Grass or Windwheel Aster?
::{{DIcon}} Small Lamp Grass.
::{{DIcon}} Windwheel Aster.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Anemogranum or Anemo Crystalfly?
::{{DIcon}} Anemogranum.
::{{DIcon}} Anemo Crystalfly.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' A sea of clouds or a field of flowers?
::{{DIcon}} Sea of clouds.
::{{DIcon}} Field of flowers.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Okay, I've noted your responses.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' ...Previously, I never really knew how to bring this up.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I thought about inviting you to private paradise... but currently, I still lack the ability to make it a reality.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' So, for now... all I can do is place your selected objects into this crystal ball.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It will keep them safe until the day comes when they can adorn our very own paradise.
::{{DIcon}} It's a deal!
:::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 11a.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' ...Alright, it's a deal.
::{{DIcon}} You should bring some of your favorite things, too.
:::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo friendship3 11b.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Mm-hmm... I'll get there, one day!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Sucrose.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' P&mdash;Please take care.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Sucrose.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' According to my research, this secondary phenotype of Calla Lily may be beneficial for sleep quality.
::{{A|vo sucrose mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I dried some to make a scented sachet. You can place it next to your pillow if you'd like.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Secret Research Lab===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md sucrose alchemy 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' A fully-equipped alchemy workshop? And arranged in a rather reasonable manner as well...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md sucrose alchemy 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Even if an experiment goes, uh, explosively wrong in here, the specimens stored in the storage cabinets shouldn't be damaged...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md sucrose alchemy 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Huh? Wh&mdash;When did you get here? I&mdash;I mean... I've been itching to conduct this experiment... I&mdash;Is it okay if I go ahead and do it?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Of Hunting and Dancing===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md sucrose hillichurl 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' This camp is flawless in every way. It's just a shame that there are no bones lying around...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md sucrose hillichurl 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' With a little renovation, perhaps this place could be used for even more valuable research...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md sucrose hillichurl 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Are you interested? Can you... help me?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Sacarosa/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Sucrose/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Sucrose/Compagnia]]
[[ja:スクロース/仲間]]
[[ru:Сахароза/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Sucrose/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Sucrose/Bạn Đồng Hành]]