{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Suddenly the Rain Stops
|image             = Suddenly the Rain Stops.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-09-22 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-09-27 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/113059
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230922neuvillette/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Aeife; Herbier; Moniotte; Neuvillette
}}
{{Description|When the rain begins to fall, pedestrians hurry through the squall. But when it abruptly ceases, the sense of loneliness increases.}}
'''Suddenly the Rain Stops''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.0]].

==Event Duration==
2023/9/22 12:00 – 2023/9/27 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
[[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, help the Melusine [[Aeife]] report incidents to Neuvillette to obtain in-game rewards.

==Event Description==
# During the event, report recent incidents to Neuvillette to obtain in-game rewards.
# When you're reporting incidents, follow the hints provided by the Melusine and select appropriate descriptions in the correct order. The report will be deemed successful when the contents flow and match the facts.
# Complete specified missions within the event to unlock more incidents to report.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Varunada Lazurite Fragment*3;Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After completing the incident reports, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Suddenly the Rain Stops
|zhs     = 倏忽雨止
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 倏忽雨止
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 忽ち雨が止む
|ja_rm   = Tachimachi Ame ga Yamu
|ja_tl   = Suddenly the Rain Stops
|ko      = 어느덧 그친 비
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Fin de la lluvia
|es_tl   = End of the Rain
|fr      = Averse passagère
|fr_tl   = Passing Rainshower
|ru      = Дождь вдруг прекратился
|ru_tl   = The Rain Suddenly Stopped
|th      = ยามพิรุณหยุดโปรยปราย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mưa Tạnh Bất Chợt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Plötzlich verstummt der Regen
|de_tl   = Suddenly the Rain Becomes Silent
|id      = Tatkala Hujan Berhenti
|id_tl   = When the Rain Stops
|pt      = E a chuva de repente parou
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Aniden Kesilen Yağmur
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fine della pioggia
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[fr:Averse passagère]]
[[pt-br:E a Chuva de Repente Parou]]
[[ru:Дождь вдруг прекратился]]
[[vi:Mưa Tạnh Bất Chợt]]