{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19002
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|prev          = Sister Victoria's Vexation
|next          = The Church's Affairs
|nextNote      = Branch 2
|characters    = Albert; Barbara; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Sudden Shouting''' is the second quest of the first branch of [[Barbara]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Wellspring of Healing]].

==Steps==
# Convince [[Albert]] to leave
# Follow Albert
# Talk to Albert
* Albert Is Amenable to Reason
*# Report back to Barbara

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone suddenly starts calling for Barbara in [[Wolvendom]]...}}
===Sudden Shouting===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Before talking to Albert)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon remembers him! Isn't that Albert?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is he doing here?

;(Talk to Albert)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 01.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Barbara-sama... Are you here?
:{{DIcon}} What are you shouting about?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 02.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Uh &mdash; who, me? Ah, well... I'm looking for Barbara-sama.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 03.ogg}} '''Albert:''' I was originally planning to give her some herbs at the Cathedral, but Sister Victoria told me she had gone out to attend to some matters.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 04.ogg}} '''Albert:''' When I sought Barbara-sama for healing recently, she mentioned to me that the Church was running low on certain medicine ingredients...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 05.ogg}} '''Albert:''' I seem to remember the ingredient she mentioned... some type of {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhook berry}}.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 06.ogg}} '''Albert:''' I figured she was most likely somewhere out here picking Wolfhooks, so I thought I'd come and lend her a hand.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 07.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Besides, as leader of the Barbara Fan Club, how could I ever let Barbara-sama go wandering alone in such a dangerous place?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 08.ogg}} '''Albert:''' So I decided to come to Wolvendom, looking for Barbara-sama and picking {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhook}} along the way.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, so you picked all the berries...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 09.ogg}} '''Albert:''' That's right, and I'll take them back to the Church shortly. After all, I am the leader of the Barbara Fan Club. It's my duty to make sure Barbara-sama's life's easier.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 10.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Huh? But... judging from your expression, you've never heard of the Barbara Fan Club?
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, what's the Barbara Fan Club?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 11.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Oh, you can't be serious! It's only the biggest club for Barbara-sama fans in all of Mondstadt.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 12.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Hehe, even [[Huffman]]'s a member now!
::{{DIcon}} Even Huffman?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 13.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Of course! Barbara-sama has a lot of fans in Mondstadt that wish to support her, you know.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 14.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Uh... Anyways, the Barbara Fan Club will have to wait for the moment, I'll fill you in on how great it is when I have time later. I must keep searching for Barbara-sama for now.
;(The branch that the dialogue takes from this point is based on a hidden scoring system. The initial score is 0.)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 15.ogg}} '''Albert:''' *sigh* I don't really even know if Barbara-sama is anywhere around here.
:{{DIcon}} It is dangerous here, there are lots of monsters roaming about.
:;(+0 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 16.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Yes, I'm well aware. That's exactly why as leader of the Barbara Fan Club, I could never let Barbara-sama wander here alone.
:{{DIcon}} Barbara isn't here anymore, you'd better head back to the city.
:;(+1 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 17.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Huh? Wait a second, what do you mean, "anymore"? Did you see her here earlier?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 18.ogg}} '''Albert:''' So Barbara-sama is somewhere close by!
:{{DIcon}} Wolvendom is a large area, it would be difficult for you to cover it alone. You should find some others to help you search first.
:;(-1 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 19.ogg}} '''Albert:''' *sigh* You might be right... I should go back and gather more people to help with the search.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 20.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Since Barbara-sama came here to pick those {{Color|buzzword|red Wolfhook}}, we could just follow the trail of those specific berries to lead us right to her.
:{{DIcon}} I think you've already searched most of the areas where red Wolfhooks grow.
:;(-1 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 21.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Um, maybe... But this is the only place they could be... She wouldn't go anywhere else if those were what she was looking for.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 22.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Could she really have returned to Mondstadt?
:{{DIcon}} There might be some other areas where Wolfhooks grow that you haven't heard about, perhaps Barbara went somewhere else?
:;(+1 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 23.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Ah, you're right. I should probably try searching some other areas.
:{{DIcon}} How can you be certain that she's out picking Wolfhooks? She might not even be anywhere nearby here.
:;(+0 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 24.ogg}} '''Albert:''' I heard it from Sister Victoria herself. She told me that she overheard another sister saying that Barbara-sama had come to Wolvendom to pick Wolfhook berries.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 25.ogg}} '''Albert:''' In fact... I could have sworn I heard Barbara-sama's voice when I came here...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 26.ogg}} '''Albert:''' By the way... You didn't happen to see any sign of Barbara-sama when you arrived, did you? Perhaps I was hearing things...
:{{DIcon}} There are all sorts of monsters in Wolvendom, and not to mention wolves... That must be what you heard.
:;(+1 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 27.ogg}} '''Albert:''' No way! How could I ever mistake the sound of some monsters for Barbara-sama's sweet voice!?
:{{DIcon}} I've been here clearing the area of monsters all day, but I didn't hear anything.
:;(+0 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 28.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Well, of course you didn't hear anything... You were focused on defeating monsters the whole time.
:{{DIcon}} But do you still hear her now? Barbara-sama may have already left the area a while ago.
:;(-1 Points)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 29.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Ugh, you might be right... I haven't heard any sign of her since.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 30.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Unless she's intentionally trying to avoid me... But she'd never have any reason to do that.
::{{DIcon}} Of course not.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 31.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Right. Hmm, well, it seems that Barbara-sama may have already left the area...
;(If overall score is equal to or greater than 0, go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
;(If overall score is negative, go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 32.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Well, whatever. I don't have time to keep talking like this. I should keep searching for Barbara-sama...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 33.ogg}} '''Albert:''' ...And you should go back to whatever it is you were doing.
:;(Continue to [[#Albert Never Gives Up|Albert Never Gives Up]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Albert Never Gives Up====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While following Albert)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 albert 01.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Barbara-sama! Where are you?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's bound to find Barbara here sooner or later if this keeps up...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Unless... we could start yelling too. That way, Barbara will hear us coming and will still have a chance to escape.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! What are you so embarrassed about? Ugh... just follow Paimon's lead!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Barbara &mdash; ohh Barbara! It's us!!!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Barbara!? WHERE ARE YOU BARBARA!!!???
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 albert 02.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Huh? You're yelling even louder than me!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... That's just because we like Barbara too, right?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 albert 03.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Oh, I see. In that case, let's do our best together!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' BARBARA &mdash; IT'S US!!! ARE YOU THERE!!!???
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 albert 04.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Barbara-sama... Where are you?

;(Talk to Albert)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, it seems Barbara's already left. *sigh* Good...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 albert 01.ogg}} '''Albert:''' *cough* My throat is getting... *cough*
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 albert 02.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Oh, I guess Barbara-sama isn't here after all...
:{{DIcon}} Surely you're not going to give up so easily?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 albert 03.ogg}} '''Albert:''' *cough* No, it's not that... I just... *cough*
:{{DIcon}} I'll help you keep calling for her.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 albert 04.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Al&mdash; *cough* ...Alright. My throat won't hold up much longer...
:{{DIcon}} BARBARA &mdash; WHERE ARE YOU!!!???
:{{DIcon}} BARBARA &mdash; ARE YOU THERE!!!???
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 albert 05.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Heh... It's no wonder you've become the Honorary Knight, you certainly give it your all &mdash; *cough*
:{{DIcon}} See, Barbara's nowhere to be found here. Let's head back.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 albert 06.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Ugh... Oh, alright. It seems Barbara-sama isn't anywhere around here. Let's return to the city.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900202 albert 07.ogg}} '''Albert:''' *cough* Once Barbara-sama returns to Mondstadt, though... I'll have to ask her to heal my throat... *cough*
====Ending: Untimely Enthusiasm====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Untimely Enthusiasm
|character       = Barbara
|act             = 1
|description     = "I guess Barbara-sama isn't here after all..."
}}
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 34.ogg}} '''Albert:''' *sigh* Alright then, Barbara-sama must be somewhere else...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 35.ogg}} '''Albert:''' *sigh* But I still feel a bit worried. I'll go report the matter to Huffman and then have another look around the church.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 36.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Here, you can have these red Wolfhooks I picked earlier. There's no way I'd be able to carry them all back to the city. I'll take what I can to the church after I get back.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900201 albert 37.ogg}} '''Albert:''' Ugh, I just hope that Barbara-sama did indeed go back to the city...
:;(Continue to [[#Albert Is Amenable to Reason|Albert Is Amenable to Reason]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Albert Is Amenable to Reason====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Report back to Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' So... is he gone now?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, he's gone for now.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Whew, thank you! Although... I guess I'm not being very polite towards him...
:{{DIcon}} Why are you trying to avoid being seen?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well... it's a little embarrassing to say, but...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' In Mondstadt, I often perform songs for people. Because it's been so well received, the other sisters have started encouraging me to perform across Teyvat. Now, more and more people are showing up to hear me perform.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm happy to see such turnouts, don't get me wrong... but... Now, people always stop me on the street when I go shopping, or when I go out for personal matters...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I know that all they want is to get my autograph, or to ask me how I'm doing, which isn't a bad thing.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And... I'm very thankful for all my fans, but... there are simply too many of them.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I always do my best to fulfill their requests and not let them down.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But... sometimes... I feel that I just don't have the strength to do so.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Even when I'm in the church, people will still come hoping to greet me. I'm constantly in a state of tension, no matter where I go.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The reason I came here was not only to find Wolfhooks for making Tunner's cough medicine, but also to have some quiet time alone...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Do you understand that feeling? To sit peacefully and not think about anything... just by yourself. It's simply the feeling of relaxation.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's been far too long since I've had that feeling. Before I knew it, I was out here all day and forgot to return to the city.
:{{DIcon}} If you're looking for Wolfhooks, there should be plenty nearby.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' No, I couldn't find any... The kind I'm looking for are red.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I remember seeing them here before, but I've already searched the area and there aren't any. I wonder if someone had already picked them? No, people seldom come out here...
:{{DIcon}} Are these the kind of Wolfhook you're looking for?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh? Yes, those are the ones! And you've found so many, these will be more than enough! But where did you...
:'''''The Traveler tells Barbara what happened with Albert...'''''
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh my... Oh, I've been far too impolite.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Albert came all this way just to help me, and I...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But if I were to go and apologize to him, it would probably only make him feel even worse.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' *sigh* I guess I'm still just too immature...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let's just head back to the city for now. I'll think of a way to make it up to Albert later.
:{{DIcon}} But no one even knows about this matter...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 22.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well, I know, and you also know. And we mustn't forget that Barbatos also knows. We certainly can't say that "no one knows about this matter," don't you think?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 23.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Besides, as a deaconess, I could never simply ignore such a matter. I must take the appropriate actions and make things right.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900203 barbara 24.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'll see to that matter on my own. Anyway, the berries you have here will be just enough. We should get going.
:;(Continue to [[The Church's Affairs]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sudden Shouting
|zhs     = 突如其来的呼喊
|zhs_rm  = Tūrúqílái de Hūhǎn
|zht     = 突如其來的呼喊
|zht_rm  = Túrúqílái de Hūhǎn
|zh_tl   = Sudden Shouting
|ja      = 突如聞こえた大声
|ja_rm   = Totsujou Kikoeta Oogoe
|ja_tl   = Suddenly Heard Shout
|ko      = 갑작스러운 외침
|ko_rm   = Gapjaksseureoun Oechim
|ko_tl   = Sudden Shout
|es      = Un grito repentino
|es_tl   = A Sudden Shout
|fr      = Un cri soudain
|fr_tl   = A Sudden Cry
|ru      = Внезапный крик
|ru_tl   = A Sudden Shout
|th      = เสียงตะโกนที่เกิดขึ้นอย่างฉับพลัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Suddenly Occurring Shouting Sound
|vi      = Tiếng Gọi Bất Ngờ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Plötzliches Schreien
|de_tl   = Sudden Shouting
|id      = Teriakan Mendadak
|id_tl   = Sudden Shouting
|pt      = Gritos Repentinos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ani Bir Bağırış
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Urla improvvise
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:突如聞こえた大声]]