{{Event Tabs}}
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Aeife''': Monsieur Neuvillette, I'm here to report some recent goings-on.
:'''Neuvillette''': Please, go ahead.

----
;(Select Incident 1)
:Both of them wanted a chat with me, but they started arguing over who came first.
:So that's why I intervened and taught them a lesson for obstructing official business.
:So that's why I intervened and struck them for obstructing official business.

;(Hint)
:'''Aeife''': Aeife didn't lift a finger.

;(Order 1, 2, 3)
:'''Neuvillette''': You did the right thing, but you need to make sure you stay safe.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}} and {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=2}})

;(Order Incorrectly)
:'''Neuvillette''': Doesn't look like heatstroke... Would you care for some water and a rest?
----
;(Select Incident 2)
:[[Moniotte]] and [[Herbier]] started arguing over the last bottle of [[Fonta]].
:Moniotte and Herbier started arguing over Lady [[Furina]].
:So I brought them two cups and advised them to share it equally, half a bottle each.

;(Hint)
:'''Aeife''': In the end, they gave me the Fonta...

;(Order 1, 3, 2)
:'''Neuvillette''': Thank you for offering to share with me, it's just... Alright, just a sip will do.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Primogem|x=40}} and {{Item|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|x=3}})

;(Order Incorrectly)
:'''Neuvillette''': Hmm? Was she involved in this?
----
;(Select Incident 3)
:While you were presiding over the trial, the [[Wriothesley|Duke of the Fortress of Meropide]] brought over a new Mechanical Component Price List.
:While you were presiding over the trial, the Duke of the Fortress of Meropide brought over a new Letter of Resignation.
:Please take a look. He said you could contact him if you had any questions.

;(Hint)
:'''Aeife''': When I saw how serious he looked, I almost thought...

;(Order 1, 3, 2)
:'''Neuvillette''': 
:;(Obtain Promotional Wallpaper)

;(Order Incorrectly)
:'''Neuvillette''': If he would like to end the collaboration, I would prefer if he had come and explained himself in person.
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Дождь вдруг прекратился/История]]
[[vi:Mưa Tạnh Bất Chợt/Cốt Truyện]]