{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Sue Yoshitaka.jpg
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Shogun's Army
|affiliation2     = Tenryou Commission
|title            = Shogunate Samurai
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm8538323|Paul Cartwright]]<ref name="Paul Cartwright">Paul Cartwright: [https://www.paulcartwrightvo.com/ EN VA's Website]</ref>
}}
'''Sue Yoshitaka''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that first makes an appearance in [[Chapter II]], Act III: [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]].

==Profile==
Sue Yoshitaka is a [[Shogunate Samurai]] serving in the [[Shogun's Army]] under [[Kujou Sara]]. He is first seen during [[The Servant's Path]] alongside [[Motosuke]], accompanying Kujou Sara on her visit to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]]. When Sara sees the [[Traveler]] and orders for their arrest, Motosuke and Yoshitaka move to confront them. However, [[Yae Miko]] reminds them that violence at the shrine is illegal, forcing Sara to call off the arrest and order her subordinates to leave, to which they oblige.

Yoshitaka's next appearance is in the [[Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter]], Act I: [[Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing]], in the Story Quest [[New Beginning]], during the peace talk between the Shogun's Army and the [[Watatsumi Army]]. When the Watatsumi troops accuse the Shogunate troops of colluding with the [[Fatui]], Yoshitaka and Motosuke are noticed acting nervously during the standoff. [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] defuses the standoff while Sara interrogates Yoshitaka and Motosuke. They admit that they were approached by a group of Fatui members and encouraged them to cause havoc on [[Watatsumi Island]], but they claim that it was merely a one-time conversation rather than intended cooperation. Despite their protests, Sara reprimands them for contacting a known enemy and tells them that they will face consequences for their actions when they return.

===Personality===
Sue Yoshitaka is shown to be loyal to his commander, Kujou Sara. However, he is not wholly righteous either, as he is willing to incite conflict using underhanded methods with the assumption that his side wouldn't be the one suffering consequences for failure.

===Appearance===
Sue Yoshitaka wears a standard uniform modeled from the {{Lang|''ashigaru''|ja=足軽}} of feudal Japan. He wears a purple-gray ''shitagi'', lavender ''kobakama'', white socks, and ''waraji'' sandals. His eggplant-colored armor with pale gold accents consists of ''dou'' (breastplate) with the [[Inazuma Shogunate]]'s crest, ''kote'' (armored sleeves), ''haidate'' (thigh guards), and ''sune-ate'' (greaves). He is also wearing a {{Lang|''jingasa''|ja=陣笠}} with the crest of the Inazuma Shogunate. He is equipped with a ''juumonji yari'' (cross-shaped spear), whose shaft is lavender colored, and contains the Shogunate crest under the spearhead.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Sue Yoshitaka
|zhs     = 陶义隆
|zhs_rm  = Táo Yìlóng
|zht     = 陶義隆
|zht_rm  = Táo Yìlóng
|ja      = 陶義隆
|ja_rm   = Sue Yoshitaka
|ko      = 스에 요시타카
|ko_rm   = Seue Yositaka
|es      = Sue Yoshitaka
|fr      = Sue Yoshitaka
|ru      = Суэ Ёситака
|th      = Sue Yoshitaka
|vi      = Sue Yoshitaka
|de      = Sue Yoshitaka
|id      = Sue Yoshitaka
|pt      = Sue Yoshitaka
|tr      = Sue Yoshitaka
|it      = Sue Yoshitaka
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}