{{Location Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Not Accessible
|region       = Sumeru
|area         = 
}}
The '''Sumeru Akademiya''' is [[Sumeru]]'s main governing body, as well as the most prestigious institute in all of [[Teyvat]]. It is particularly renowned for its corpus in arcane arts and historical records.

==Overview==
The Akademiya accepts students from all over Teyvat and often sends traveling scholars, known as Driyosh, to other nations to gather material for research. It is unknown how long the Akademiya has existed, but it was already a prestigious institute by the time of the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Witch's End Time}}</ref> The Akademiya also seems to take a role as a governing body of Sumeru handling much of the day-to-day affairs of Sumeru.

===Academics===
Nowadays, obtaining a degree from the Akademiya is a notoriously long and stressful process; an unnamed prospective who had been admitted states that he will be old by the time he graduates and sees his parents again.<ref name="Cat's Tail">{{Ref/BB|Cat's Tail Message Board|Chosen by the Sage}}</ref> [[Hosseini]] states that it is not uncommon for people to graduate after the age of 30, and that he himself, being less than said age, has his hair turned near-gray from his research.<ref name="Energy Amplifier Initiation">{{Ref/NPC|Hosseini|s=1}}</ref>

Thesis defenses are by far the most difficult part of graduating; several of the Driyosh met in other nations express their anxiety over finding material for their theses and have changed their subjects due to extenuating circumstances or rejection from the review panel. [[Alrani]] downright fears the Akademiya, and mentions that [[Soraya]] &mdash; who is apparently among the top of her class &mdash; has "piles of rejected manuscripts."<ref name="Endless Research">{{Ref/Quest|Endless Research}}</ref> It is implied there is a limit to how long a student can stay at the Akademiya without being able to graduate.<ref name="Fertilizer Salesperson">{{Ref/Quest|Fertilizer... Salesperson?}}</ref> Hosseini mentions that if he were to become a Dastur, he could stay at the Akademiya longer instead of having to travel around Teyvat to conduct research.<ref name="Shadow Ancients">{{Ref/NPC|Hosseini|s=2}}</ref>

[[Lisa]], who attended the Akademiya in her youth, managed to graduate in two years under "advanced study" and is considered to be their best student in 200 years. However, she is not fond of her alma mater after realizing the cost of "uninhibited erudition," having witnessed raving-mad scholars in Sumeru's forests and sages sitting in underutilized councils. She ultimately returned to [[Mondstadt]] and became a humble librarian,<ref name="lisa5">{{Ref/CS|Lisa|5}}</ref> a decision that greatly baffles those who know how talented she is.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Sayid|s=Daytime}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/VO|Albedo|About Lisa}}</ref>

===Research===
On top of academics, Sumeru Akademiya conducts research into various subjects. It is typical for traveling scholars to gather material and conduct preliminary research for their supervisors' projects and areas of interest,<ref name="Energy Amplifier Initiation" /> while researchers are allowed to stay at the  to conduct their research.<ref name="Shadow Ancients" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Facing Distant Echoes}}</ref>

After determining that no [[Electro]] Visions have been given out in the past year, scholars at the Akademiya theorized this phenomenon was related to the Electro Archon's will and in particular, the proclamation of the [[Vision Hunt Decree]].<ref name="Endless Research" /> This theory turns out to be incorrect when [[Raiden Ei]] reveals to the [[Traveler]] that she was unaware this phenomenon was occurring, and that Archons are not directly involved in the granting or denial of Visions. Due to "certain constraints," she could not say what actually caused the halt in Electro Visions.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|About the Vision}}</ref>

While research at the Akademiya tends to lean towards study of ancient history, the arcane, elemental energy, and the fundamental basis of the world, it also bears research of the more scientific and practical variety. For example, [[Tsuyuko]]'s education at Sumeru Akademiya has led her to believe that Watatsumi Island's Holy Soil phenomenon is not because [[Enkanomiya]] is trying to absorb the spirit of the island, which is the legendary explanation, but because seawater that touches the soil leaches its nutrients and washes them away; rather than suppress Enkanomiya, the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]] replenishes the soil's nutrients.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Moon-Bathed Deep}}</ref> It is later revealed that Holy Soil is the result of the expansion of the [[Light Realm]], whose elemental currents are strong in Enkanomiya, while the Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri reverses the phenomenon by awakening the [[Coral Butterfly|Sangacorallia]], creatures that can break down the Light Realm's powerful elemental energy into something more usable by the [[Human Realm]] which Teyvat is part of.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref>

Every year, the Akademiya chooses a recipient for the Kavikavus Prize, an award given out to a young scholar under 40 years old, whose research submission is considered "groundbreaking" and "creative," and the submitter has "great potential." Recipients of this prize have all gone on to win great renown in the Akademiya.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Abstract (Part 1)}}</ref>

=== Governance ===
The Sumeru Akademiya manages much of the day-to-day affairs of Sumeru and may be responsible for managing the Akasha System, a system which manages knowledge as a resource. It is unknown how [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] plays a role in Sumeru Akademiya, and [[Yae Miko]] ponders whether this system was thought up by Lesser Lord Kusanali or by the sages.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wishes}}</ref>

==Structure==
===The Six Darshans===
Sumeru Akademiya is divided into the Six Darshans,<ref name="I, Researcher">{{Ref/NPC|Hosseini|s=3}}</ref> each of which has its own major foci. So far, four schools have been named in-game:
*'''[[Spantamad]]''' (or '''Aramati'''),<ref group="Note">The same Chinese term was translated as Aramati in ''[[Shadow of the Ancients]]'' and as Spantamad in ''[[Energy Amplifier Fruition]]''. See the [[#Etymology|Etymology section]] for details.</ref> which specializes in studying the elements and the ley lines<ref name="Shadow Ancients" /><ref name="I, Researcher" />
*'''[[Haravatat]]''', which specializes in studying ancient runes<ref name="I, Researcher" />
*'''[[Amurta]]''', which specializes in biology<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Khedive|1}}</ref><ref name="Sumeru03">YouTube: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrC7DTUsii8 Sumeru Preview Teaser 03: Prelude to Wisdom | Genshin Impact]</ref><ref group="Note">At 2:26 in ''Sumeru Preview Tieaser 03'', the official Chinese subtitles call Amurta the {{lang|School of Life|zh=生论派}}, while the German and Spanish subtitles call it the {{lang|(School of) Biology|de=Lebenskunde|es=Escuela de Biología}}.</ref>
*'''[[Kshahrewar]]''', unspecified specialty

The remaining two schools' Chinese names were revealed in ''[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrC7DTUsii8 Sumeru Preview Teaser 03: Prelude to Wisdom]'', shown mirrored as IP Scriptwriter Yogurt writes on the wall:<ref group="Note">Because these schools have not been mentioned in-game, the above unofficial English translations are based on the Chinese characters' definitions as they might relate to the remaining two {{w|Amesha Spenta}}, which the other schools are named after.</ref>
*{{Lang|mini=1|zh=明论派}}, possibly translates to the "School of Clarity" or "School of Understanding"
*{{Lang|mini=1|zh=因论派}}, possibly translates to the "School of Causes" or "School of Purpose"

Anisa mentions that she comes from the Oceanographic Society; given that its name does not follow the format of the known Darshans, it is likely either a division within one of them or a group separate from the Darshans.

===Progression===
A few different honorifics and titles have been mentioned in relation to a person's progress in their research and studies at Sumeru Akademiya.

*'''Driyosh''', commonly called ''traveling scholars'', are students who have been granted leave from Sumeru Akademiya to wander and learn as part of their research process.<ref name="Fertilizer Salesperson" /> Passing one thesis through the review process is enough to graduate from the Akademiya, after which they may be considered formal researchers.<ref name="Shadow Ancients" />
**There is another subset of students who are confined within the Akademiya and do not leave until they graduate or otherwise cut their education short.<ref name="Cat's Tail" /><ref name="Henry Morton">{{Ref/NPC|Henry Morton}}</ref> So far, no honorific has been ascribed to students of this type.
*'''Dastur''' are formal researchers who have passed two theses through the review process.<ref name="Shadow Ancients" /><ref name="Solitary Sea-Beast">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Sea-Beast}}</ref>
*'''Herbad''' are researchers of high prestige who have immense knowledge and hold leadership positions.<ref name="Shadow Ancients" />
*'''Sages''' are also scholars of high prestige. Little is currently known about this title at the moment beyond the fact that they are rather powerful and sit on advisory councils at the Akademiya.<ref name="lisa5" />

==Students, Alumni, and Researchers==
{{Column|2|
* [[Alhaitham]]
* Alva Nikola<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Electro Abyss Mage}}</ref>
* [[Anisa]]
* [[Alrani]]
* [[Ayesha]]
* Biruni
* [[Cyno]]
* Cyrus (not to be confused with [[Cyrus]] of the [[Adventurers' Guild]])<ref>{{Ref/CS|Lisa|2}}</ref>
* A [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Fatui Harbinger]] (likely [[Il Dottore]])<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Wise Doctor's Pinion}}</ref>
* Firnas
* [[Henry Morton]]
* Henry Morton's unnamed friend
* [[Hosseini]]
* [[Kaushik]]
* [[Khedive]]
* [[Lisa]]
* [[Parvaneh]]
* [[Pursina]]
* [[Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter]] ([[La Signora]])
* [[Sayid]]
* [[Soraya]]
* [[Tighnari]]
* [[Tsuyuko]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Moon-Bathed Deep (Quest)}}</ref>
* Unnamed Mondstadter on the [[Cat's Tail Message Board#Chosen by the Sage|Cat's Tail Message Board]]
* [[Yayoi Nanatsuki]]
}}

==Trivia==
* According to Henry Morton, there are few opportunities to use [[Wind Gliders]] on Akademiya grounds.<ref name="Henry Morton" />

===Etymology===
* The English name uses the Ancient Greek term {{Lang|{{w|Platonic Academy|Akademiya}}|grc=Ἀκαδημία|grc_rm=Akademía}}, a prominent school founded by the philosopher {{w|Plato}}, from which a common noun "academy" was derived. This emphasizes the scientific and philosophical natures of the Academy.
* The Chinese name uses a term literally meaning an {{Lang|"institute of religious decree"|zh=教令院}}, where {{Lang|"religious decree"|zh=教令}} is also used to refer to the {{w|Decree (Catholic canon law)|decree}} in Catholic canon law or the {{w|fatwa}} in Islamic law. This emphasizes the theological and juridical natures of the Academy.
** The Japanese name follows the Chinese interpretation, while the Korean name follows the English interpretation.
*Several terms related to Sumeru Akademiya are derived from {{w|Zoroastrianism}} and the {{w|Avestan}} language:
**The English term "Six Darshans" is derived from the {{Lang|{{w|Darśana}}|sa=दर्शन|sa_lit=view, sight}}, the six traditional schools of Hindu philosophy. Its Chinese equivalent, {{Lang|"Six Great Schools"|zh=六大学派}}, is instead derived from the Chinese common name for the Zoroastrian {{w|Amesha Spenta}}, {{Lang|mini=1|zh=六大天使|zh_lit=Six Great Celestial Messengers (Angels)}}.<ref> Wikipedia (Chinese), [https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E9%98%BF%E6%A2%85%E6%B2%99%C2%B7%E6%96%AF%E5%BD%AD%E5%A1%94 阿梅沙·斯彭塔]</ref>
**In both English and Chinese, the names of the Darshans are based on the deities in the Amesha Spenta, who are six divine emanations of {{w|Ahura Mazda}}, the creator deity in Zoroastrianism whose name translates to "Lord [of] Wisdom." They are named in the {{w|Gatha (Zoroaster)|Gathas}}, a collection of 17 songs recorded in the {{w|Avesta}}. (See each Darshan's Etymology section for further information.)
**The Avestan/Farsi-based honorifics within Sumeru Akademiya are notably transcribed phonetically in the original Chinese version, where foreign terms and concepts are usually translated into Chinese instead (such as with the Six Darshans and the [[The Seven|Seven Archons]]).
***{{Lang|Driyosh|zh=帝利耶悉|zh_rm=Dìlìyēxī}}, the term for traveling scholars who have not achieved Dastur status, is taken from the Middle Persian (Pahlavi) ''driyosh'', meaning "wayfarer" or "one who goes from town to town" in search of knowledge, which itself is derived from the Avestan ''drigu-'', "needy, mendicant." It is the root of the word {{Lang|''{{W|dervish}}''|fa=درویش|fa_rm=Darvīsh}}, learned ascetics who sought spiritual merit and salvation through self-imposed poverty (mendicancy).<ref>Encyclopedia Iranica: [https://iranicaonline.org/articles/darvis Darvīš]</ref>
***{{Lang|Dastur|zh=陀裟多|zh_rm=Tuóshāduō}}, one of Sumeru Akademiya's honorifics for researchers, is likely derived from the Zoroastrian high priest title {{Lang|"{{w|dastur}}"|fa=دستور|fa_rm=dastur|fa_lit=hand-fist}}.
***{{Lang|{{w|Herbad}}|zh=诃般荼|zh_rm=Hēbōtú}}, which ranks above Dastur in Sumeru Akademiya's hierarchy, was originally a term for Zoroastrian high priests who taught sacred texts to others, as well as translated and interpreted the Avesta. Later on, however, Herbad lost its prestigious rank and became the lowest rank of priests, with the Mobad above them and Dastur as the highest rank.
**The Kavikavus Prize may be derived from the mythological shah {{w|Kay Kāvus}}, a king of the {{w|Kayanian dynasty}}. Among Kay Kāvus' legends is his invention of a flying throne propelled by ravenous eagles, which managed to transport the king to China before the eagles grew tired and dropped the throne.
*The title of "sage" is the only title that is not transcribed from Avestan, and was also the first to be mentioned in the game. In the original Chinese text, two different terms are used for this title: {{Lang|mini=1|zh=贤者|zh_rm=Xiánzhě|zh_tl=Person of Talent}} is the more common form,<ref name="Cat's Tail" /><ref name="Solitary Sea-Beast" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wishes (Quest)}}</ref> while {{Lang|mini=1|zh=智者|zh_rm=Zhìzhě|zh_tl=Sage, Wise Man}} has also been used.<ref name="lisa5" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sumeru Akademiya
|zhs     = 须弥教令院
|zhs_rm  = Xūmí Jiāolìng-yuàn
|zht     = 須彌教令院
|zht_rm  = Xūmí Jiāolìng-yuàn
|zh_tl   = Sumeru Institute of Religious Decree
|ja      = {{Rubi|スメール|&nbsp;|教|きょう|令|れい|院|いん}}
|ja_rm   = Sumeeru Kyourei'in
|ja_tl   = Sumeru Institute of Religious Decree
|ko      = 수메르 아카데미아
|ko_rm   = Sumereu Akademia
|ko_tl   = Sumeru Akademiya
|es      = Akademiya de Sumeru
|es_tl   = Akademiya of Sumeru
|fr      = Académie de Sumeru
|fr_tl   = Academy of Sumeru
|ru      = Академия Сумеру
|ru_tl   = Sumeru Akademiya
|th      = สถาบัน Sumeru
|th_rm   = Sathaban Sumeru
|th_tl   = Sumeru Institute
|vi      = {{tt|Giáo Viện|教院}} Sumeru
|vi_tl   = Sumeru Academy
|de      = Sumeru-Akademie
|de_tl   = Sumeru Academy
|id      = Sumeru Akademiya
|pt      = Akademiya de Sumeru
|pt_tl   = Akademiya of Sumeru
}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
<!--1.0 is a placeholder, may change when it is officially released-->

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Area Navbox|Sumeru}}
[[Category:Factions]]
[[Category:Terminology]]

[[pt-br:Akademiya de Sumeru]]
[[ru:Академия Сумеру]]
[[vi:Giáo Viện Sumeru]]
[[th:สถาบัน Sumeru]]