{{RegionTabs}}
{{See also|Timeline}}
A timeline of historical events in the [[Sumeru]] region. Due to a lack of relative dates, most of Sumeru's pre-[[cataclysm]] lore cannot be verifiably categorized and have been placed in the earliest reasonable timeframe.
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|TimelineNote}}

==Old World==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Old World}}</noinclude>
* The Dendro Dragon, [[Apep]], presumably ruled Sumeru as a member of the [[Seven Sovereigns]].<ref name="What Shape Does the Self Hold"/>

==Great War of Vengeance==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Great War of Vengeance}}
''The term "great war of vengeance" is derived from [[Neuvillette]]'s [[Neuvillette/Lore#Vision|Vision]] Character Story.''</noinclude>
* [[Apep]] joins [[Nibelung]] in the great war of vengeance against the Heavenly Principles.<ref name="What Shape Does the Self Hold"/>
* [[Nabu Malikata]] survives the downfall of the [[Angel]] race.<ref name="For the Children of the Past"/><ref name="Scroll of Streaming Song"/>
* '''~6000 years ago'''<ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails"/> ― The [[Great Red Sand]] is created from a [[Celestial Nail]] cast down to Sumeru.<ref name="What Shape Does the Self Hold"/>

==Interim Period==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Interim Period}}
''While not formally established as its own period in time, Liyue lore indicates there was a stretch of peacetime between the Great War and the Archon War. ''</noinclude>

* As the avatar of [[Irminsul]], [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] presumably came into existence at some point in time long in the past.<ref name="Boat"/><ref group="Assumption">Given that [[Sal Vindagnyr]], a Divine Envoy era civilization, fell after its ancient white tree (presumably similar to, or a branch of, Irminsul) was destroyed by the Skyfrost Nail, it can be assumed that Irminsul also existed during that era. However, this does not indicate when exactly Rukkhadevata came into existence.</ref>
* According to legend, [[King Deshret]] was a "son of the sky,"<ref name="TLAA"/> but he was born after the fall of the Seelie and the [[Moon Sisters]] and only learned of their stories from an unspecified woman (likely Nabu Malikata or Greater Lord Rukkhadevata).<ref name="SotSS"/><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">The narrative in ''The Lay of Al-Ahmar'' suggests that he once lived in Celestia. However, this is not corroborated by the narrative of ''The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle'' (which states that he learned the story of the Moon Sisters from the Jinn) or the description of Staff of the Scarlet Sands (which is narrated from Deshret's point of view and says that "she" &mdash; either Nabu Malikata or Greater Lord Rukkhadevata &mdash; told him the story instead).</ref>

==Archon War==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Archon War}}
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|archonwarstart}}</noinclude>
<section begin="SumeruAQ" />* [[Nabu Malikata]], [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], and King Deshret befriend each other and become known as the God-Kings of Sumeru.<ref name="For the Children of the Past"/><ref name="Scroll of Streaming Song"/><ref name="Gilded Dreams"/>
* At some point in time, Nabu Malikata foresaw the coming of the [[cataclysm]]. She creates a shard of [[Khvarena]] and leaves it in the care of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.<ref name="Vourukasha's Glow"/>
* Rukkhadevata would turn the shard into the divine bird [[Simurgh]]. She charged Simurgh with "the guardianship of the border between new birth and death".<ref name="Vourukasha's Glow"/>
<noinclude>

===Ay-Khanoum===
* Nabu Malikata, King Deshret, and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata &mdash; collectively known as the three God-Kings of Sumeru &mdash; build [[Ay-Khanoum]], the "City of Amphitheaters." Its name means "City of the Moon Maiden" in the ancient language of the [[Jinn]].<ref name="Shepherd"/><ref name="OAM"/>
** Nabu Malikata is said to have an "amicable relationship" with the Jinn.<ref name="OAM"/>
** According to some legends, King Deshret captured the Jinn in magic bottles marked by his seal, although the Jinn were also his willing servants in his cause of conquering the world. He created Ay-Khanoum as a city for the Jinn, while they created the entrance to the [[Mausoleum of King Deshret]].<ref name="Shepherd"/><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">Because ''The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle'' is a story of unknown and unverifiable origin and excludes any mention of Nabu Malikata, it is highly likely that some of its contents are inaccurate. The wiki currently assumes that [[Oasis Garden's Mourning]]'s description is more accurate in its depiction of Ay-Khanoum's history.</ref>
* Nabu Malikata dies "due to the malice of the burning sun and yellow sand"<ref name="OAM"/> and the city of Ay-Khanoum is presumably engulfed by a sandstorm and later abandoned.<ref name="ToSaS1"/><ref name="Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III"/>
** Nabu Malikata desired a "spectacular death" so that the bitterness of her death would preserve her legacy forever. King Deshret, who was enamored with her, never realized this,<ref name="Oasis Garden's Truth" /> sending him into an obsessive spiral over the shared vision the three God-Kings once had.<ref name="Dream of Scorching Might" />
** The "promised land of 'Valivija'" is buried by the desert sands, which may correspond with Ay-Khanoum.<ref name="ToSaS1" />
** Following the death of Nabu Malikata, King Deshret and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata parted ways to create their own civilizations.<ref name="ToSaS1" /><ref name="ODSM" /><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">It is later revealed in the quest [[Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III]] by [[Liloupar]] that Rukkhadevata had left Ay-Khanoum before the death of Nabu Malikata.</ref>

===Dharma Forest===
''Note: Events in this section are currently assumed to be concurrent with King Deshret's Civilization and Gurabad.''
* After separating from King Deshret, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata comes to the East of the [[Great Red Sand]] and creates the [[Varuna Contraption]] that terraforms part of desert into a rainforest.<ref name="ODSM"/><ref name="The Coordinates of Sun and Rain"/><ref group="Note">The Chinese description for The Coordinates of Sun and Rain details: {{zh|依照传说，司草木的女神在沙漠的一角唤出能召来甘霖的精灵，名之曰「法留纳」亦即「水天」。|tl=According to legend, the goddess who controlled plants summoned, in a part of the desert, a spirit of sweet rains, whose name was Varuna, or "Water-Sky."}}</ref>
** At the border between the forest and the desert, the [[Wall of Samiel]] was erected to prevent the forest from undergoing desertification.
** After the forest labyrinth was created, the lord of the forest [[Viaghara]] was born from the moon's reflection on the water, resembling a tiger in shape.<ref name="Laurel Coronet"/>
* With the help of her followers, who would go on to establish the [[Amurta]] Darshan of [[Sumeru Akademiya]], Rukkhadevata developed a flourishing rainforest. [[Sumeru City]] was built on the [[Divine Tree]], a particularly massive tree located in Sumeru's forest region, and the sages of Sumeru Akademiya assisted Rukkhadevata in managing the nation's affairs.<ref name="Version 3.0 Special Program"/>
* Rukkhadevata also created the [[Aranara]], small plantlike creatures with the ability to control dreams.<ref name="Loading Aranara"/>
* '''Thousands of years ago''' ― Rukkhadevata briefly returns to the desert to help rescue King Deshret's people from the effects of forbidden knowledge, and creates the [[Akasha System]] to help combat it by uniting the people's wisdom.<ref name="Boat"/> However, the endeavor exhausts much of her strength and shrinks her into the stature of a child.<ref name="SoSD"/>

===King Deshret's Civilization===
* While Rukkhadevata creates a rainforest in a corner of the desert, Deshret continues ruling over the [[Great Red Sand]].
* '''Thousands of years ago''' ― King Deshret eventually succumbs to the "poison" of forbidden knowledge.<ref name="SotSS"/><ref name="SoSD"/><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">[[The Lay of Al-Ahmar]] suggests that King Deshret heeds the three retainers, builds a great maze for hundreds years, and the kingdom collapses after one night. Since the description of the book states that the information is questionable, the information from the Archon Quest takes advantage.</ref>
** The forbidden knowledge brings calamities upon Sumeru. "People's minds were filled with crazed whispers, [[Eleazar|dark gray scales spread across their bodies]], [[The Withering|even the land was stripped of its vigor]]."<ref name="SoSD"/>
** King Deshret asks Greater Lord Rukkhadevata for help, for the sake of their mutual friend.<ref name="SotSS"/> The Lord of Verdure gathered the priests, instructing them to build temples and creating [[Aaru Village]] as the last bastion of Deshret's civilization. She also expended a great deal of her power to suppress forbidden knowledge and regressed into a childlike form. Even this, however, was not enough; in the end, Deshret sacrificed himself to finally put an end to it.<ref name="SoSD"/>
* King Deshret's civilization fell and splintered into many smaller, human-led city-states.<ref name="Key"/><ref name="Xiphos Moon"/>

===Gurabad===
* The vassal city-state of [[Gurabad]] rises after the death of Nabu Malikata, during what is known as the vassal states era.<ref name="ToSaS1"/><ref name="Transparent Ruins Record (I)"/><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">According to ''The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin'', Gurabad was part of a vassal states era which drew to an end after King Deshret and the Sage-King of the Greenwood (presumably Greater Lord Rukkhadevata) regathered their subjects and recreated their oasis paradise. There is currently insufficient information to confirm or deny its account of the timeline, although there has been no indication of a second Deshret-Rukkhadevata civilization.</ref>
** The story of Gurabad is first known with the vassal king [[Ormazd Shah]]. Ormazd has 300 kins, one of them is [[Shirin of Gurabad|Shirin]], the half-fairy daughter of him and the fairy foremother [[Liloufar]]. Liloufar's three prophecies and three admonitions later become the ultimate destruction of Gurabad.
*** Ormazd adopts [[Parvezravan|Kisra]], and give him the surname "Parvez" for his enormous campaign.<ref name="ToSaS1"/>
*** Kisra Parvez and Shirin are married, though their marriage is not a happy one.<ref name="ToSaS2"/>
*** Shirin and Kisra murder Ormazd and his 300 heirs, and Kisra takes the title of the vassal king. He adds the name "ravan" to his bestowed surname, and now his name is Kisra Parvezravan.<ref name="ToSaS1" /><ref name="ToSaS2"/>
*** The son of Parvezravan and Shirin is born, and is named [[Shiruyeh]]. Fearing Liloufar's admonitions, Parvezravan banishes his son, forces him to cover his face, and forbids him to set foot into Gurabad.<ref name="ToSaS2"/>
*** Shirin disguises herself as a divine princess of the temple to the moon goddess, and gives Shiruyeh false divination to confront Parvezravan. After that, Shiruyeh assassinates his father, claims the throne, and is forgiven by his mother.<ref name="ToSaS2"/>
*** The reign of Shiruyeh does not last long, as he is forever tormented by inescapable nightmares, until one day he fell into a great black chasm during one such frenzy. After that, a great plague emerged from that chasm, and Gurabad, without its king, collapses due to the calamity and the sand.<ref name="ToSaS2"/>
*** The fate of Shirin is questionable: some people say that she was subdued by King Deshret, while others say that she is still searching for her son until today.<ref name="ToSaS2"/>

===City-States Era===
* '''Thousands of years ago, after the extermination of forbidden knowledge'''<ref name="Key"/> ― Somehow, a man known as Shah Ramshahr comes to be credited with building the seven towers that were built during the eradication of forbidden knowledge. The towers, which are only known to have been built at the time of King Deshret's death, come to be known as the "Towers of Betrayal."<ref name="Towers of Betrayal"/>
** According to inscriptions in the desert, seven cities were built around the seven towers, among which included [[Ay-Khanoum]] (which was apparently rebuilt after its initial destruction), [[Gurabad]] (a rebuilt version), [[Saleh]], and [[Tulaytullah]].<ref name="Vaguely-Readable Inscription"/><section end="SumeruAQ"/></noinclude>

==Post-Archon War==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Post-Archon War}}
''2000–500 years ago''
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|archonwarend}}</noinclude>

==Pre-Cataclysm==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Pre-Cataclysm}}</noinclude>

* '''Slightly over 500 years ago''' ― [[Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter]] moves from [[Mondstadt]] to Sumeru to study at [[Sumeru Akademiya]].<ref name="Defender's Will"/><ref name="Elegy for the End"/><ref name="Funerary Mask"/>

==Cataclysm==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Cataclysm}}
{{Transclude|section=1|Timeline|cataclysmstart}}</noinclude>

* '''500 years ago''' ― The previous Dendro Archon, [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], disappears during the cataclysm.<ref name="Sumeru teaser 3"/><ref name="VV"/>
* The king of the forest [[Viaghara]] dies protecting the forests. His successors today are [[Rishboland Tiger]]s.<ref name="The Folio of Foliage"/>
<noinclude>

===Girdle of the Sands===
* Greater Lord Rukkhadevata travelled to [[Tunigi Hollow]], where abyssal monsters were active. The former Hydro Archon [[Egeria]]'s remains formed the [[Amrita Pool]]. In order to anchor Egeria into the mortal realm, Rukkhadevata grew the [[Harvisptokhm]].
* [[Simurgh]] finally awakes from its slumber. As destined, Simurgh drank the Amrita, purifying it from the [[abyss]] and sacrificed itself. Simurgh's form was shattered into countless [[Khvarena]], the most sentient of which became the [[Pari]].<ref name="The Splendorous Sky That Day"/>
</noinclude>

==Post-Cataclysm==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Post-Cataclysm}}
''500–100 years ago''</noinclude>

* '''<500 years ago, October 27''' ― Following the cataclysm, [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] is born and rises to the position of Dendro Archon to replace [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], who disappeared during the chaos.<ref name="STFG"/>
** Following the events of ''[[Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises]]'' when the memories of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata were erased from Teyvat, Lesser Lord Kusanali is believed by all, including herself, to have always been the original Dendro Archon, and that she lost all of her memories and knowledge during the cataclysm, resulting in her imprisonment by the sages.
* '''>400 years ago'''<ref group="Note">Occured at some point before the events of [[Tatarasuna]].</ref> ― [[Zandik]] attends Sumeru Akademiya, hoping to further his research on creating "enhanced humans" despite rejection from his peers and teachers. [[Pierro]] tracks him down while following rumors about heresy and recruits him into the Fatui as the Harbinger Il Dottore.<ref name="Wise Doctor's Pinion"/>
* '''>400 years ago''' ― The [[Temple of Silence]], an organization hailing from the desert that were responsible for knowledge from the era of King Deshret, departs the rainforest due to the corruption of the sages back to the desert, and settle into a large underground temple in [[Thamud Oasis]].<ref name="Oathkeeper"/>
**Upon their departure, the Akademiya, seeking to cover up their departure, creates a front organization that is responsible for the custody and disposal of information and documents not fit for public dissemination.
* '''200 years ago''' ― The most talented scholar of Sumeru Akademiya (before Lisa) graduates.<ref name="Lisa Details"/>
* '''>120 years ago, August 20''' ― [[Faruzan]] is born.
**'''>100 years ago''' ― Faruzan is trapped within ruins related to [[King Deshret]]'s civilization and was unable to escape until a century later.

==Recent Past==
<noinclude>{{See also|Timeline#Recent Past}}
''100 years ago''
''Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.''</noinclude>

* '''20 years ago''' ― [[Kaveh's Father]], a scholar from the Rtawahist and an employee of the Akademiya, enters the Interdarshan Championship to win the [[Diadem of Knowledge]] for [[Kaveh|his son]]. Sometime after entering the championship, he encounters [[Sachin]] and is influenced by his words, soon after returning home to tell his family that he is going into the desert and venturing out to [[Aaru Village]], where supports the villagers financially and medically. He eventually comes across a caravan stuck in quicksand and dies saving them, with his family learning of his death soon after.
** Kaveh reached schooling age and enrolled into the [[Kshahrewar]] after passing the entrance exams.<ref name="Kaveh 2"/><ref group="Assumption">Kaveh’s second Character Story explains that he reached schooling age and enrolled into the Akademiya around the time his father died. While his father is confirmed to have died 20 years ago in the event story [[A Parade of Providence]], the vague wording could imply that Kaveh reached schooling age several months to a year after his fathers death.</ref>
* '''? years ago, May 8''' ― [[Collei]] is born in Sumeru<ref>Collei's Official Introduction: [[Collei/Lore#Official Introduction|To grow is to conquer the past]]</ref> with the disease of [[Eleazar]] and is given to a seer named [[Barnabas]]<ref name="CHAP11"/> for treatment. Unbeknownst to her parents, however, Barnabas is an agent of the [[Fatui]] and turns Collei into a test subject for their Archon Residue experiments.<ref name="CHAP3"/><ref name="CHAP12"/>
* '''? years ago''' ― Lisa graduates from the [[Spantamad]] Darshan<ref name="Layla About Lisa"/> after only two years of study. Disillusioned with the Akademiya's atmosphere, she returns to [[Mondstadt]] and joins the [[Knights of Favonius]].<ref name="Lisa 4"/>
* '''? years ago''' ― 100 years after she trapped within the desert ruins, Faruzan finally escapes, and found in the forest with an {{Anemo}} Vision in hand.<ref name="Faruzan Vision"/>
* '''? years ago''' ― [[Cyno]] studies under [[Cyrus (Sumeru)|the same master]] as Lisa.<ref name="Cyno About Lisa"/>
* '''? years ago''' ― [[Faranak]] leaves for [[Fontaine]] for employment. Kaveh met Alhaitham, and they became friends.<ref name="Kaveh 2"/><ref name="Kaveh 5"/>
** Kaveh and Alhaitham begin the joint project "Decoding the Runes and Architectural Philosophy of the Ruins of King Deshret's Civilization," and their respective contributions contributed greatly to academic research and developments in language and architecture.
** Kaveh and Alhaitham have a falling out and their friendship comes to an end. They clash in academic journals for some time after this, criticizing each other's perspective. Their collaborative project also comes to a halt due to a lack of a shared vision between the collaborators.
* '''? years ago''' ― The Six Sages become more radical in their belief that the arts are meaningless, and society follows suit, resulting in the marginalization of people that worked in art-related fields in Sumeru.<ref name="Kaveh 3"/>
* '''<4 years ago''' ― ''The following events presumably occur sometime between 4 years ago and the present. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.''
* '''Last Ludi Harpastum (~1 year to 6 months ago)'''<ref group="Note">Crepus' death occurs 3 years before the manga's events while Diluc's character stories place it 4 years before the game's story, making the manga set roughly a year before the game. However, according to Diluc's stories, he returned to Mondstadt after Varka left on his expedition, making his return occur sometime within 6 months before the game's story. The message on the [[Cat's Tail Message Board#About Collei...|Cat's Tail Message Board]] about Collei says she was seen at the "last Ludi Harpastum" before the game's story, with no indication of how long ago it occurred.</ref> ― The events of the manga's main story, set in Mondstadt, occur. At the end of the story, Collei leaves Mondstadt with Cyno to go to Sumeru.<ref name="CHAP16"/>
* [[Kaveh]] is commissioned by [[Dori]] to design and build [[The Palace of Alcazarzaray]]. The first version of the palace is destroyed by [[The Withering]] 70% into its completion. The [[Forest Rangers]] show up and clear away The Withering Zone. [[Kaveh]] and [[Tighnari]] meet each other around this time.<ref group="Assumption">It is unclear when the two met. Alhaitham claims in his "About Tighnari" voice-over that Tighnari was part of the Forest Ranger groups that cleared away the initial Withering incident, which would suggest that they met then, but Tighnari implies in his own "About Kaveh" voice-over that he knew Kaveh before the incident, as Kaveh asked him for advice on ornamental flora to use for the project during its planning stage.</ref><ref name="Kaveh 4"/>
** Kaveh sells his home and all of his possessions to fund 70% of the construction of the second Palace of Alcazarzaray, with Dori covering the rest. Kaveh gains his {{Dendro}} [[Vision]] after transferring his assets.<ref name="Kaveh Vision"/>
** After overspending on the project, there was still Mora to be repaid, and Dori convinces Kaveh to foot the bill, resulting in his bankruptcy and debt. Kaveh gains nationwide fame in Sumeru as a result of completing this project and Kaveh spends a fortnight in [[Lambad's Tavern]] due to his homelessness before reuniting with Alhaitham. Alhaitham invites Kaveh to move in with him after this encounter.
** Kaveh designed and built [[Mehrak]] using a machine core excavated from [[King Deshret]]'s kingdom.<ref name="Kaveh Old Sketchbook"/>

==Present Day==
* '''[[Version 2.6]] Event, [[Marvelous Merchandise/2022-05-06/Story|Marvelous Merchandise]]''' ― [[Liben]] heads to Sumeru to trade, but quickly leaves after seeing the arrival of "strange folks", sensing an "ominous air" surrounding the nation.
* '''[[Version 2.8]] Event, [[Summertime Odyssey/Story|Summertime Odyssey]]''' ― According to [[Chevka]], one of the Harbingers &mdash; likely [[Il Dottore]] &mdash; discovered in Sumeru a way to connect people's minds through the means of "certain technologies" (the Akasha).<ref name="The Discarded Insignia"/>
* '''[[Version 3.6]] Event, [[A Parade of Providence/Story|A Parade of Providence]]''' ― [[Kaveh]] wins the [[Akademiya Extravaganza]] championship, granting him to wear the [[Diadem of Knowledge]], but he destroys it after placing the diadem on the stand.<ref>{{Quest|Gatherings and Partings}}</ref>
* '''[[Version 5.1]] Event, [[Chromatic Ode of Candies and Roses/Story|Sabzeruz Festival]]''' ― The Sabzeruz Festival is celebrated for [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1|refs=<!--
--><ref group="Note" name="Archon War start">Occurred at some point before the destruction of [[Guili Assembly]] 3700 years.</ref><!--
--><ref group="Note" name="Celestial Nails">All Celestial Nails are implied to have been cast down simultaneously after the Heavenly Principles won the great war of vengeance. Therefore, this takes place at the same time as the creation of [[The Chasm]], which happened 6000 years ago.</ref><!--
-->}}

===Lore Discrepancies===
{{Reflist|group=Lore Discrepancy|refs=<!--
-->}}

===Translation Notes===
{{Reflist|group=Translation Note|refs=<!--
-->}}

===Editors' Assumptions===
{{Reflist|group=Assumption|refs=<!--
-->}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2|refs=<!--
<!--Mainpage refs-->
--><ref name="BAF1">{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1|Ballad Selection Excerpt}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Bit of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Chunk of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Chunk of Aerosiderite}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Cleansing Light">{{Quest|Cleansing Light}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Divine Body from Guyun">{{Ref/Item|Divine Body from Guyun}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Equilibrium">{{Ref/Quest|Equilibrium}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Official Site">Genshin Impact Official Site: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/map Teyvat]<br>''However, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...''</ref><!--
--><ref name="Promise of a People's Dream">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/hQ5GEOlwLUQ Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream]</ref><!--
--><ref name="That Which Rises From the Sea">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|That Which Rises From the Sea}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TLTF">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 1)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Snowy">{{Ref/Quest|The Snowy Past}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Zhongli 5">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5}}</ref><!--

<!--Transclusion refs-->
--><ref name="Boat">{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="TLAA">{{Ref/Item|The Lay of Al-Ahmar}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="SotSS">{{Ref/Weapon|Staff of the Scarlet Sands}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Gilded Dreams">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Gilded Dreams}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Vourukasha's Glow">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Vourukasha's Glow}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="OAM">{{Ref/Item|Oasis Garden's Mourning}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Shepherd">{{Ref/Item|The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle}}</ref><<!--
--><ref name="Dream of Scorching Might">{{Ref/Item|Dream of Scorching Might}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ToSaS1">{{Ref/Book|The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin|1}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Oasis Garden's Truth">{{Ref/Item|Oasis Garden's Truth}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ODSM">{{Ref/Item|Olden Days of Scorching Might}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Laurel Coronet">{{Ref/Arti|Laurel Coronet}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Version 3.0 Special Program">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/Sjv8d9X9h6s?t=474 Version 3.0 Special Program] (Timestamp: 7m 54s)</ref><!--
--><ref name="Loading Aranara">{{Ref/Loading|Sumeru|Aranara}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="SoSD">{{Ref/Quest|Secret of the Scorching Desert}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Key">{{Ref/Weapon|Key of Khaj-Nisut}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Xiphos Moon">{{Ref/Weapon|Xiphos' Moonlight}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Transparent Ruins Record (I)">{{Ref/Item|Transparent Ruins Record (I)}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="ToSaS2">{{Ref/Book|The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Towers of Betrayal">Viewpoint: [[Viewpoint/Towers of Betrayal|Towers of Betrayal]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Vaguely-Readable Inscription">Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)|Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Defender's Will">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Defender's Will}}</ref>!--
--><ref name="Elegy for the End">{{Ref/Weapon|Elegy for the End}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Funerary Mask">{{Ref/Item|Funerary Mask}}</ref><<!--
--><ref name="Sumeru teaser 3">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/JrC7DTUsii8 Sumeru Preview Teaser 03: Prelude to Wisdom]</ref><ref name="VV">{{Ref/Arti|Viridescent Venerer's Determination}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="VV">{{Ref/Arti|Viridescent Venerer's Determination}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Folio of Foliage">{{Ref/Item|The Folio of Foliage}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Splendorous Sky That Day">{{Ref/Quest|The Splendorous Sky That Day}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="STFG">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Lisa Details">{{Ref/CS|Lisa|Character Details}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kaveh 2">{{Ref/CS|Kaveh|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Wise Doctor's Pinion">{{Ref/Arti|Wise Doctor's Pinion}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Coordinates of Sun and Rain">{{Ref/Domain|The Coordinates of Sun and Rain}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="CHAP3">{{Ref/Manga|3|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="CHAP12">{{Ref/Manga|12|2}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="CHAP11">{{Ref/Manga|11|1}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Layla About Lisa">{{Ref/VO|Layla|About Lisa}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Lisa 4">{{Ref/CS|Lisa|4}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Faruzan Vision">{{Ref/CS|Faruzan|Vision}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Cyno About Lisa">{{Ref/VO|Cyno|About Lisa}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kaveh 5">{{Ref/CS|Kaveh|5}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kaveh 3">{{Ref/CS|Kaveh|3}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="CHAP16">{{Ref/Manga|16|zh=1}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kaveh 4">{{Ref/CS|Kaveh|4}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kaveh Vision">{{Ref/CS|Kaveh|Vision}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Kaveh Old Sketchbook">{{Ref/CS|Kaveh|Old Sketchbook}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Discarded Insignia">{{Ref/Quest|The Discarded Insignia}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Oathkeeper">{{Ref/Quest|Oathkeeper}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Scroll of Streaming Song">{{Ref/Book|Scroll of Streaming Song}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="For the Children of the Past">{{Ref/Quest|For the Children of the Past|quote='''Arama:''' Seelies are just empty husks that race left behind. This is because they were born with a curse: If they fall in love with Nara, they shall lose their intelligence and strength, and their bodies will regress.<br>'''Arama:''' There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with Queen Aranyani and ruler of Valuka.}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III">{{Ref/Quest|Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="What Shape Does the Self Hold">{{Ref/Quest|What Shape Does the Self Hold}}</ref><!---->}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[fr:Sumeru/Histoire]]
[[pt-br:Sumeru/História]]
[[th:Sumeru/ประวัติศาสตร์]]
[[vi:Sumeru/Lịch Sử]]