{{RegionTabs}}
==Sumeru Preview Teaser==
===The Fascinating Dendro Element===
'''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' The Dendro element is the last piece of the puzzle in ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s seven element system. We intend to design it in a more systematic way. In Version 3.0, we invited all the colleagues in the planning department from the very beginning, along with our Art and Creative Concept and Writing Teams to discuss it together. We hoped to design a system with a higher degree of synergy, one that was more interconnected and easier to understand. There are three key words in the design of the Dendro element that is "catalysis," "wisdom," and "life." These three concepts are mainly reflected in the elemental reactions, level design, and environment mechanics. They also have a very strong connection to each other.

Regarding ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s Elemental Reactions, on the one hand, it is the combination between different elemental design languages; on the other hand, it is also an artistic rework based on everyday phenomena. For example, in ''Genshin Impact'', our players have seen the Electro-Charged reaction. It is actually an everyday phenomenon that fits players' perception, but at the same time, it is also the product of the combination of the recovery aspect of the Hydro element and the energy aspect of the Electro element. In the game, it is also a phenomenon that can steadily release energy.

Based on a similar design concept, we introduced two more new reactions in Version 3.0, Bloom and Catalyze. Bloom is inspired by the real-life phenomenon of flowers blooming. It is also the combination of the recovery aspect of the Hydro element and the catalysis concept of the Dendro element. The Catalyze reaction, on the other hand, is a completely original effect. It originates from the collision between the energy aspect from the Electro element and the wisdom concept from the Dendro element, which serves as another keyword of Dendro. The phenomenon related to the Catalyze reaction also has a very deep connection with the local history of Sumeru.

'''Yangshen, Combat Designer:''' In Version 3.0, we have also added a lot of interesting area-specific gameplay in Sumeru. Based on the three reaction characteristics of Burning, Bloom, and Catalyze, we defined a design concept called polymorphic transformation. Some targets that have Dendro characteristics. Through interaction with Hydro, Pyro, and Electro elements, transitions between different states can be achieved resulting in different interactive effects.

We have also made a similar attempt on the ecology of monsters. Depending on the environment you are in and the effects of the elements you are exposed to, monsters will switch back and forth between different states. Other than changes in the attack methods, defeating monsters when they are in specific states will also get you rare special materials.

To find out more about Dendro-related gameplay, players will have to experience it for themselves in the game.

'''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' We hope that the addition of Dendro element gameplay can bring players a novel and interesting experience.

===Of Rain and Sand===
'''Jax Huang, Environment Art:''' Sumeru is rather different from the major versions we've seen in the past. It is divided into two large parts: the rainforest and the desert. There are many things to pay attention to in the design process, which are reflected in the three components of local characteristics, core themes, and use of fantasy. The landscape of the rainforest gives the impression of endless mountains. In comparison to the pillars of Liyue, and Inazuma's rugged and strong environment, the mountains and rocks of Sumeru are more in line with the tropical and humid region. These rocks with gentler contours, along with massive ancient trees, are seen throughout the entire area.

In terms of the vegetation, we studied a very wide range of local plants as a reference. We wanted to reflect traits of vividness, vitality, and humidity, among other tropical characteristics. The desert has desert storms, oases, and vegetation that needs water; rocks eroded by the wind and sand, and sacred ruins with historical elements. The overall design expresses the natural charm of both the rainforest and the desert and incorporates many fantasy elements.

We have been experimenting with design boundaries. We didn't want to come up with a very realistic design. But we didn't want to deviate too wildly either to achieve a good balance between exoticism, fantasy, and realism. The main vision of each area is also very important. The world of Sumeru itself provides excellent support for visual diversity, as it has a wide variety of fantasy elements. This content will be placed in different areas depending on the player's game experience and artistic logic to provide a pleasant visual perception and emotional changes for players, so that the overall game experience would be enhanced.

'''Maizi, Environment Art:''' When players first arrive in this fantasy forest, they will find a city built on a giant tree. In this nation blessed by the Dendro Archon. You will meet a group of adorable little spirits that only children can see. Help them solve a series of crises hidden in the depths of the forest to gain their trust, and in the process, you will discover many unknown areas.

There are forests with many enormous trees and it rains all year round. Forests that have withered for some unknown reason, and also special ecological zones formed by huge umbrella-shaped luminous plants. In another forest, you will also find the remains of a giant robot lying between the cliffs of the mountain. Behind these fantastical forests, a mysterious force seems to be eroding them. Look west from Sumeru City, and you will be able to see the desert area of Sumeru. Here you'll find mysterious ruins floating upside down and tornadoes tearing through the sky. Beneath the vast desert hides many areas waiting to be explored. There is also a giant robot deep in the desert. And as to what this robot has to do with the robot in the forest and where does the mysterious power of the forest come from, it'll be up to you, the Travelers, to unravel the truth yourself.

===Prelude to Wisdom===
'''Yogurt, IP Scriptwriter:''' Sumeru is a nation that treasures wisdom. The affairs of state are handled by an organization called the Akademiya. According to what Yae Miko said in Inazuma, knowledge in Sumeru is managed as a resource, and this is done through a Gnosis-powered legacy left by the previous Dendro Archon, the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, called the "Akasha" system. Another interesting point is that in Sumeru, most people, especially adults, aren't capable of dreaming, which is why there's a saying that "the people of Sumeru don't dream." Locals take pride in it, seeing it as a testament to their rationality and wisdom.

'''Baiheng, Monster Designer:''' The proper humidity and soil in Sumeru's forests are ideal living grounds for Shroom-Kin to thrive. To increase the ability to reproduce and protect the flora, the Shroom-Kin have evolved to the point where they became an entirely new species: the Fungi. The highest form of Fungi have developed a strong animalistic nature, and they are territorial and rather aggressive. The rainforest is also home to a variety of animals, and there are quite a few wonderful creatures among them.

In Sumeru, we will also encounter a new force called The Eremites. They are settlers from an ancient civilization in the desert. They are not part of any nation's forces, but make a living with their own wisdom and strength. In short, they are mercenaries. In a vast desert beyond the forest, there are many scars and legacies from the past. There are machines from an advanced civilization that guard the ancient secrets buried in the sand, and there are also fierce beasts that have been affected and thus mutated by these things. The Eremites also have a claim to part of the legacy of this ancient civilization as a deterrent of last resort in a crisis. As for what that means, you'll have to find out for yourself!

'''Yogurt, IP Scriptwriter:''' The Traveler will also meet various companions during their travels in Sumeru. As a nation of wisdom, the role of researchers is certainly integral. For example, as an Amurta researcher, Tighnari also serves as a Forest Watcher. The person you meet by chance in Port Ormos, Alhaitham, is from the Haravatat in the Akademiya. In addition, characters from other walks of life will also cross paths with the Traveler such as Dehya, who is a Desertfolk and a mercenary from The Eremites. We also have Nilou, who went off the beaten path; in such a land that values rationality and wisdom as Sumeru, she instead chose to pursue art and dance. And as the journey continues, a mysterious girl, Nahida, the General Mahamatra, Cyno, and other characters will also appear in turn.

Thus far, the Traveler's footsteps will finally reach Sumeru. Whether it's the scenery, the local customs and practices, or the companions along the way, it will be a completely new experience for you. We sincerely hope to bring you an adventure worth looking forward to.

==Version 3.0 Special Program==
===Stories and Characters of Sumeru===
'''Dawei:''' Welcome to Sumeru, Travelers! After a long period of preparation, ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s Version 3.0 and Sumeru, the "Land of Dendro," is finally ready to be introduced to everyone. It can be said that the opening of the Sumeru region has a very special significance. On one hand You can set out to explore this new nation On another, the addition of the Dendro element also finally completes ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s seven-element system. Previously, during your travels, you've probably heard all sorts of stories about Sumeru. What kind of civilization awaits us there? What kind of adventures will you have? And what kind of fresh experiences will Dendro add to those adventures? So today On behalf of everyone in the ''Genshin Impact'' project team, you are all cordially invited to come check out Sumeru's landscape with us! For today's show, we invited Xiao Luohao, the Head of ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s Creative Concept and Writing Team to share more about what's going on in Sumeru.

'''Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team:''' Hello, Travelers! It's a pleasure and an honor to be here with you once again I know many of you are very excited for Sumeru!

'''Dawei:''' Firstly, We're finally introducing the Dendro element in the Land of Dendro. Secondly, we're also going to see a whole new theme, that is wisdom. So what kind of land is Sumeru?

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Well, I believe that there are many players who have already met some people from Sumeru in the game. If you still remember, most of them are various kinds of traveling scholars who appear in various countries to conduct all kinds of academic research. And these scholars have formed the basis of players' first impression of Sumeru. Sumeru serves as Teyvat's "City of Scholars" Where many scholars and researchers of all ages and identities aspire to go. And Sumeru City is situated within eastern Sumeru's vast rainforest. The story of the Traveler in Version 3.0 will also unfold in this fresh, new land by stepping foot in dense vegetation or fiery sands of the desert. You will learn, bit by bit, about this city-state of wisdom.

'''Dawei:''' When you come to this new nation, you are probably curious about the Archon of this land. Previously, in the last Preview Teaser about Sumeru, I have found that the Dendro Archon's Statue of the Seven is unlike that of the Archons we have previously met She sort of looks like a very... petite god?

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Yeah, she's small, alright! Sumeru has always been known as the nation of wisdom. True to its reputation, it also boasts an old and well-established history. But the Archon of Sumeru, "Lesser Lord Kusanali," is not as long-lived as this nation; she is around 500 years old, born just after the Khaenri'ah disaster. She took over from her departed predecessor, the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, to become the Archon of Sumeru. The concept of being 500 years old may seem a little abstract to imagine for the rest of us or perhaps is an idea that feels out of reach. But for the Archons, at 500 years, life has only just begun So, for this young Archon, will she be able to succeed the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, who bequeathed innumerable blessings and support all of Sumeru? This question gradually took root in the minds of Akademiya sages.

'''Dawei:''' Is that so? I've heard of the Akademiya several times before. It seems to be a gathering of many researchers and a large school boasting a fountain of knowledge, but I didn't expect that the sages of the Akademiya can question even the power of the Archons!

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Since you've asked about this, we will have to talk about the origins of the Akademiya. Since time immemorial, Sumeru had survived all kinds of hardships and disasters, all of which were dealt with by the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. The Greater Lord Rukkhadevata created the rainforest so that the people of Sumeru could live in peace. And the original Akademiya of Sumeru was made up of researchers who were long-time followers of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. Each of them performed their respective duties to assist the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata in ruling Sumeru. If there are any people or organization in Sumeru who could best understand the strength and philosophy of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, it would have to be the Akademiya. So in most people's minds, the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata is an all-knowing, all-powerful God of Wisdom. Her departure was sorely felt by all of Sumeru's people. Thus, her disappearance also symbolized the end of a golden age. Thus has the legend... come to a close.

After the death of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, the sages of the Akademiya began filling up the power vacuum, regarding themselves as the administrators of Sumeru. Attentive players may have remembered Yae Miko remarking that knowledge in Sumeru is managed as a resource. But you might find that hard to imagine how they manage that "resource." The means through which they make that happen is through the Akademiya's reformed "Akasha" system. The system was originally a legacy of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. But after it was reformed by the Akademiya, knowledge is able to be integrated and divided which, in turn, can be distributed to the people. As recipients, the people of Sumeru use a device called the "Akasha Terminal" to directly acquire the relevant knowledge.

'''Dawei:''' As the saying goes: "Knowledge is power." Looks like the Akademiya is a very powerful institution! So if our friends, the Travelers, want to visit the Akademiya, where should they start?

'''Xiao Luohao:''' If we want to go to Sumeru City, where the Akademiya is located, we can begin our journey by choosing to depart from Sumeru's closest neighboring region: The Chasm. By taking this route, we have to go through a vast, lush rainforest known as the "Avidya Forest." This rainforest is home to many amazing creatures with unique features. For example, Fungi of various kinds; the simple, stocky Sumpter Beast; the bright, colorful Dusk Bird, and so on. At the same time, the rainforest has a humid climate and is enriched with Dendro. It also makes the plants in this area grow wildly with these special conditions. The interior of the rainforest has unique majestic scenery, and this area is mysterious and complex. Of course, there are many dangers lurking. For example, there is a kind of corruption that is disrupting the ecological balance, elemental monsters that cause difficulties for passersby, and so on. So in Sumeru, there's a task force set up to deal with these particular situations. They are based in Avidya Forest's Gandharva Ville. People call them the Forest Rangers and their leader is usually referred to as a Forest Watcher.

'''Dawei:''' Ah~ This very striking young man with big, adorable ears must be Tighnari, our Forest Watcher.

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Correct, Forest Watcher Tighnari is also a researcher specializing in botany. He comes from one of the Six Darshans of the Akademiya. It is also the largest school of thought: Amurta. After graduating with top honors, Tighnari chose not to stay and teach. Instead, he went to Avidya Forest and became a Forest Watcher who had access to plants at all times.

'''Dawei:''' Looks like he's a very formidable researcher! That reminds me, we've encountered some Sumeru researchers who are deeply involved in research and are willing to go to great lengths for their reports. So it seems that Tighnari can be seen as young and talented.

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Haha, well... A lot of Akademiya researchers seem to think so. They think that Tighnari, as a brilliant student, might be a little overqualified to be a Forest Watcher. But he seems to be very happy with his decision. Tighnari, as an expert Is highly knowledgeable His work ethic is meticulous and rigorous. He cares deeply for his peers and subordinates. He is well regarded among the Forest Rangers as a proper, well-renowned leader. Unlike some pedantic scholars who focus solely on rigid studies and written knowledge, Tighnari is straightforward with his words and gets things done efficiently. At the same time, he is also able to act appropriately according to the situation. With him around, people in danger can get out quickly. And the people who are rescued are usually grateful to him. But among those who have been saved once in a while, there are those who never learn their lesson and always get into trouble. They will carelessly litter and pollute the environment or eat poisonous mushrooms in the forest. For these people, Tighnari will not hesitate to "teach" them a lesson.

'''Dawei:''' It sounds like the rainforest and humans are making it hard on each other. And the Forest Watchers must address problems that arise on both sides. They must be very busy.

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Yep. Aside from the influence of people, the rainforest has problems of its own, For example: Forest Rangers are dealing with a phenomenon known as "The Withering." It poses a threat to all kinds of plants and animals in the rainforest and even the lives of the humans who pass through it. Only those who have Visions can resist its decaying corrosion. For more stories about "The Withering," you can play through Sumeru's Archon Quests and Tighnari's Story Quest: Vulpes Zerda Chapter to get a better understanding. Our next character, Collei, is a Trainee Forest Ranger.

'''Dawei:''' Hmm, sounds like she works for Tighnari, right?

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Ah, yes. Collei is a subordinate as well as a studentl Long before joining the Forest Rangers, Collei had a very difficult past. She has experienced illness, experiments, and exile. In the end, she was saved by our valiant Knights of Favonius in Mondstadt. At the time, Lisa, who once studied at the Sumeru Akademiya, got in touch with her teacher. So Collei was brought back to Sumeru by Cyno, an emissary of the Akademiya. And that is how her story goes

'''Dawei:''' Wow... Collei has grown a lot! It seems she's matured a lot in Sumeru.

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Well, yeah. When one is growing up, there are always challenges. Collei's childhood experiences made her turn out a little bit different. She has a lot of experience in the wild but she lacks fundamental knowledge about human culture. So for Collei right now, she is under Tighnari's tutelage, and learning how to read while taking up forest patrol duties. Collei hopes she can overcome her past and become a kind and warm person who has the ability to help others. Thanks to her hard work, coupled with her master's careful instruction along with the care of her fellow rangers, she is maturing rather quickly.

'''Dawei:''' That's a relief! This feeling of moving on to a better future.

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Yes. Collei, who is currently with the Forest Rangers, is already a lot different than before. As for what the future holds for her, we invite you to check it out together with us!

'''Dawei:''' So, moving on from the Avidya Forest The time has finally come! This city, built around a giant tree must be Sumeru City, right?

'''Xiao Luohau:''' Ah, yes. Sumeru City owes its existence to the Divine Tree. It has a multi-layered structure. Let's start at the root of the tree. The first thing we see is a Grand Bazaar with a lively atmosphere. Among these rich array of buildings that are very characteristic of Sumeru are a number of places that you will visit regularly in the future. Some of them are old friends of ours such as the Adventurers' Guild, while others are new faces like the Zubayr Theater, the Puspa Café, and so on.

'''Dawei:''' Haha, seems like in a city of academia, a refreshing cup of coffee is essential.

'''Xiao Luohao:''' That's right For academic matters, we go up from the Grand Bazaar and finally reach the Akademiya, located in the middle of our tree trunk. Here, you will see lots of researchers who will talk together or think independently. As mentioned in the previous introduction, the Akademiya has Six Darshans, Each of the Six Darshans has their own color and insignia. If you come to the Akademiya and you cannot clearly see which researchers belong to which Darshan, you can identify them by the color of their coat of arms to distinguish between their schools and their colleges.

'''Dawei:''' Eh, you make me curious about which college I can join. Earlier you said that the Akademiya was in the central part of the tree trunk. Does that mean there are any other places further up?

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Yes. Near the top of the tree, there is a palace off the beaten path. It's located in such a unique place that those of you who might be aware have already made some guesses of your own. But getting into the palace will not be easy. In reality, though Sumeru City is busy and prosperous on the inside, most arriving merchants and travelers might notice that most people in Sumeru City are familiar with the legend of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, but little is known about the current ruler, the Lesser Lord Kusanali. Sumeru City is under the strict rule of the Akademiya. If you want to do something fun, there may be some limitations and complications there. So, going to another part of Sumeru, Port Ormos, might be a good choice.

'''Dawei:''' I heard that Port Ormos is rather different from Sumeru City. It's a very free trading port where large numbers of merchants and sellswords have gathered. Maybe you will hear many new stories from them.

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Yes. Port Ormos is a port where much of Sumeru's foreign trade comes and goes. Many merchants from other nations arrive here with their ships. Due to the diverse mix of people in the area, trade is frequent. It is located far from Sumeru City, and the Akademiya's authority over it is a lot less strict. It is a convenient area for underhanded transactions in Sumeru. And we all know that where there is trade, there are also goods.

'''Dawei:''' I get it. This is the part where Dori comes in?

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Yes, indeed. Here's our amazing Traveling Merchant Dori.

'''Dawei:''' Yet another lovely character!

'''Xiao Luohao:''' As a trader who loves Mora more than anything, so long as there's Mora in it for her, Dori can handle any kind of business. As long as you buy her goods, she will treat you with great enthusiasm. Dori is very interesting. She carries with her many of Sumeru's "mosts." The most incredible channels, the most fascinating commodities, the most unpredictable hangout spot, and the most outrageous asking price! Even though her asking prices shock customers every time, to get something that one can't get through normal channels, the people of Sumeru always end up coming back to her to do business. Dori is indeed a sales genius. She can use her gift of gab to convince her customers to part with their money. Even the mysterious Jinni in the lamp is willing to help her. In Version 3.0, Sumeru's Archon Quests Act I "Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark" and Act II "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings" will both be available to play through. And the entire main storyline of Sumeru will take place from Version 3.0 to Version 3.2 and will unfold through these three Versions

'''Dawei:''' Oh! So it seems that this storyline is very substantial!

'''Xiao Luohao:''' Yes, whether it's for us, the content developers or for Travelers eager to leave for their next stop, we've both entered a new stage in our journey. This is a stage of inheritance, transition, and extension &mdash; one that is full of vitality and one that is full of many challenges, of course. We will cling to the same principles that we have always held on to in continuing to explore, to innovate, and do what we can to provide you with richer, better content. We also hope that our players will feel this vitality in this new land, see new possibilities and new connections, and enjoy their journey in Sumeru.

'''Dawei:''' Thank you for sharing, Xiao Luohao! I'm sure you've got your first impression of the Land of Dendro. But other than the characters and stories, I'm also curious. While exploring the vast land of Sumeru, what else can we look forward to? Let's delve even further into Sumeru to find out. Next, please join me in exploring the wilderness of the Sumeru region See you soon, Xiao Luohao!

===Level Design of Sumeru===
'''Dawei:''' I've kept you two waiting for a long time!

'''Kawa:''' Hello, Dawei.

'''Aqiang:''' Hello, Dawei.

'''Dawei:''' Welcome back, Travelers. We've been talking a lot about the story of Sumeru As well as local conditions and customs Next up, we've invited two members from the production team to take us to explore the nature of Sumeru and tell us a bit about the environment and combat design of this fantastic region. Well, let's meet our two guides.

'''Kawa, Level Designer:''' Hello, Travelers. I am Level Designer Kawa.

'''Aqiang, Combat Designer:''' Hi, Travelers, I am Combat Designer Aqiang.

'''Dawei:''' Well, since you're our guides, where should we begin in terms of understanding Sumeru's world design?

'''Kawa:''' Should I start? Okay... as you all know from some of the previous promotional videos there are both rainforests and deserts in Sumeru. And all sorts of exotic places. So, when we were designing the scenery, we had a recurring concept which was to create these relatively contrasting scenery themes in the promotional videos.

'''Dawei:''' We have seen a few of them. But what about Version 3.0? In this Version What kind of visual content can Travelers experience?

'''Kawa:''' In this Version, we will introduce you to environments with the concept of "forests" at its core. In the creative process, the members of the open world team have used the elements like forest and plants to imagine fantastic environments that provide a different visual perception. Starting from the concept of "forest," we have conceptualized gameplay and exploration that gave us inspirations for new imagery such as life, growth, and fantasy. Of course, not all concepts are positive.

'''Aqiang:''' It is natural to think of concepts such as wilting, decay, and death.

'''Kawa:''' Indeed. We reflected these keywords in the gameplay and we came up with objects that have three states of transformation. They represent several states of plant growth. Each state has a different way of feedback and interaction, waiting for players to discover.

'''Dawei:''' Wait a second. In the preview video, we have seen the concept of polymorphic transformation. But maybe our players are not familiar with it yet. Could you guys elaborate more on this?

'''Aqiang:''' The idea of polymorphic transformation is built with the Dendro element in mind and stems from three reactions: Burning, Bloom, and Catalyze. There are a few Dendro objects that you can use Pyro, Hydro, and Electro, to interact with to generate a change in state. This is a unique ecological feature of the Sumeru region.

'''Dawei:''' It feels like we have a stronger connection to the scene.

'''Kawa:''' Yup. We just talked about the opposing concepts of life and decay. So the next thing we thought about was if it could be the subject of a World Quest? So we came up with a representation of life &mdash; the spirits of the forest and "The Withering" which represents decay. The battle between the two is at the heart of the Version 3.0 World Quests.

'''Aqiang:''' These spirits look very interesting and the shape of each individual is different.

'''Dawei:''' Are they like the humans of Teyvat with their own unique circle of socialization?

'''Kawa:''' The origins of these spirits and their way of life are very interesting. But in order to let the players accept the new settings in a more natural way, we will carefully portray the relationship between the spirits and humans of Sumeru. To increase player immersion without even realizing it, you will already be adventuring with these little friends of the forest. Players travel with them through the rainforest, where it rains all year round, an ecology made up of giant mushrooms and a massive mechanical wonder sleeping on the side of the mountain. Every time you step into a new mystery, you'll be sure to encounter more of them. Wherever these spirits encounter their own kind or human inhabitants, there will be more stories.

'''Dawei:''' Looks like it's going to be an amazing journey!

'''Kawa:''' Don't jump to conclusions just yet. I've got something else to show everyone: a dying forest devoid of any breath of life.

'''Aqiang:''' It looks so spooky.

'''Dawei:''' Yeah. What's the story behind this place?

'''Kawa:''' I don't want to reveal too much just yet. It is up to the players to experience the story for themselves. I can only say that there are many more stories and secrets in the forest waiting to be discovered by you, the Traveler.

'''Dawei:''' Okay. Thank you, Kawa and Aqiang, for giving us a glimpse of Sumeru's wilderness scenery. Though, outside the city, there must be occasions where you have to fight. So I would like to ask Aqiang regarding combat in Sumeru. What kind of changes can we expect?

===Dendro Element and Combat Design===
'''Aqiang:''' When it comes to changes in combat, we have to look at the Dendro element and reactions related to it. We just spoke about the three reactions related to Dendro with regards to polymorphic transformation: we have encountered the Burning reaction before; the Bloom reaction, produced by Dendro and Hydro; and the Catalyze reaction, produced by Dendro and Electro, will be implemented in Version 3.0.

'''Kawa:''' The variations of these two reactions are even more diverse and their effects are also different.

'''Aqiang:''' That's right. When creatures are affected by Hydro and Dendro, the "Bloom" reaction will occur, generating a Dendro Core. Only a certain number of Dendro Cores can exist at the same time. If new ones are created, once this limit is reached or if the duration of the existing Dendro Cores ends, the pre-existing Dendro Cores will explode, dealing AoE Dendro DMG. When Dendro Cores come into contact with Pyro, they will trigger "Burgeon," causing even greater AoE Dendro DMG. Electro will cause Dendro Cores to transform into homing Sprawling Shots. If creatures are affected by Electro and Dendro, the "Quicken" reaction will occur which will render them Quickened. When a Quickened entity is attacked by Electro, they will trigger the "Aggravate" reaction, increasing the Electro DMG dealt by this attack. When a Quickened entity is attacked by Dendro, they will trigger the "Spread" reaction, increasing the Dendro DMG dealt by this attack. We believe these new elemental reactions will bring a different combat experience to everyone in Version 3.0. Other than the Dendro Traveler, two new characters, Tighnari and Collei, will also use Dendro in combat.

'''Dawei:''' As for their character skills, I'm sure everyone can't wait to find out more. Why don't you tell us more?

'''Aqiang:''' Let's start with Tighnari then. Tighnari's Aimed Shot has two Charge Levels and can be charged to fire a Wreath Arrow, which will generate homing Clusterbloom Arrows after hitting. His Elemental Skill creates a Vijnana-Khanda Field that creates mysterious illusions that taunt opponents and decreases the charging time for the next three Wreath Arrows. When Tighnari uses his Elemental Burst, he will fire a great number of homing Tanglevine Shafts. These Tanglevine Shafts will create secondary shots after hitting. Tighnari's Charged Attack and Elemental Burst deal DMG over multiple phases and can deal even more damage with Dendro Elemental Reactions. During exploration, Tighnari's Exploration Talent Shows nearby resources unique to Sumeru on the mini-map. As a Forest Watcher Tighnari naturally has a lot of experience with wilderness adventures

'''Dawei:''' It feels like Tighnari's skill effects contain a lot of floral elements, right?

'''Kawa:''' Yes. In particular, the effect of his charged arrows.

'''Aqiang:''' After all, he's a young man who loves plants! Tighnari's pupil, Collei, is a lovely young lady. When exploring in the wild, she also has her own unique fighting style. Collei's Elemental Skill throws out a Floral Ring that will deal Dendro DMG to opponents as it flies outward and back. Her Elemental Burst will summon a Cuilein-Anbar doll to go jumping around a certain area, dealing continuous Dendro DMG to opponents within it. It's also worth mentioning that one of her Talents, "Gliding Champion of Sumeru," decreases all party members' gliding Stamina consumption.

'''Dawei:''' Does Sumeru also have a Gliding Champion?

'''Kawa:''' Umm... I don't think so? This may be due to admiration for Amber, which spurred her to practice this skill secretly.

'''Aqiang:''' Last but not least, we have our merchant, Dori, who is an Electro support character. Her Elemental Skill fires off Troubleshooter Shots, and upon hitting opponents, creates two homing After-Sales Service Rounds. Her Elemental Burst summons a Jinni that can connect to a nearby character, constantly regenerating their HP and Elemental Energy. When the connector between the Jinni and the character touches opponents, it will deal Electro DMG to them. When Dori crafts Character and Weapon Level-Up Materials, she has a chance to refund a portion of the crafting materials used.

'''Dawei:''' Ooh! This is our marvelous Dori. It's no wonder that she has such tricks up her sleeve.

'''Aqiang:''' Also, there will be new weapons and artifacts in Version 3.0, including a set of Sumeru-themed weapons that are forgeable and two Artifact Sets: "Deepwood Memories" and "Gilded Dreams" that can be obtained by challenging the new Domain of Blessing, Spire of Solitary Enlightenment.

'''Dawei:''' After learning about the new characters and new equipment, should we go out into the wild and try them out in combat?

'''Aqiang:''' Well, let's now take a look at the lord of fungal beasts that has a very interesting appearance &mdash; the Jadeplume Terrorshroom.

'''Dawei:''' It's a Fungus too? Looking at its demeanor and behavior, it looks very majestic and dignified. Comparing it to our usual impression of the cute little fungi, it's completely different.

'''Kawa:''' It has the imposing aura of the lord of the forest. Maybe this is what we call a miracle in evolution.

'''Aqiang:''' The Jadeplume Terrorshroom has a special "Activated" state. When it is in this state, it will unleash more fearsome attacks until it becomes exhausted. When the Jadeplume Terrorshroom is not Activated, it can be put into a Burning state via the use of Pyro which will cause it to become Scorched, It will then spread spores around to create Fungi in an attempt to escape this status.

'''Dawei:''' What an extreme style of combat. But it's pretty interesting. This combat process is rather dynamic and filled with all kinds of changing situations.

'''Aqiang:''' The Electro Regisvine is also worth mentioning. It's similar to the Cryo Regisvine we've seen before. However, there are still some differences. The Electro Regisvine can create an organ at its roots or corolla that resembles Electro Cores. When this type of organ starts to shift, it will change the Electro Regisvine's state Condensing into either a Waxing Stamen or a Waning Stamen. When the two types of stamens are present at the same time, they will attract one another and then unleash a powerful electrical explosion when they make contact. Travelers can come and take on the challenge themselves.

'''Kawa:''' There are also new Ruin monsters hiding in certain areas of Sumeru such as the Ruin Drake which can periodically release a torrent of energy, and based on the previous main type of Elemental DMG it suffered, increase its own Elemental RES against this element, which makes it a dangerous opponent.

'''Aqiang:''' Yup. You may also find never-before-seen enemies in your adventure and intriguing creatures. Travelers can interact with them to find out what happens.

'''Dawei:''' Okay. After listening to you I can't wait for the arrival of Version 3.0 so that I can experience it for myself. The team has produced so much content. Do you have something to say to the players watching this?

'''Aqiang:''' In Sumeru's open world, there is a lot of very interesting content, be it combat or area-specific gameplay. We all hope that Travelers can reap more fun than before. We also look forward to our content being released to our players soon. The development of Sumeru is also an unforgettable experience for our team.

'''Kawa:''' The experiences on this journey Are beautiful memories that we build together with everyone. It is also a unique story dedicated to our Travelers.

'''Dawei:''' Thank you both for exploring the wonderful world of Sumeru with us! I think it's time to take a quick break. Let's find out more about the events of Version 3.0 when we come back See you!

'''Kawa:''' Bye, Dawei!

===Game Events and Wish Banners===
'''Dawei:''' Welcome back to today's Version 3.0 Special Program. Previously, we passed through the dense rainforest, experiencing the profound wisdom of the Land of Dendro, Sumeru, and its mysterious and unique customs.

'''Aquaria, Combat Designer:''' Yes, we hope that all Travelers can embark on the journey to Sumeru soon.

'''Dawei:''' Right, but before that, let us invite ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s Combat Designer, Aquaria, for a chat to find out more about interesting events that we will encounter during our Sumeru journey!

'''Aquaria:''' Sure. Hello, Travelers. After arriving at Sumeru, Travelers can also visit various places to experience different event gameplay. For example, Port Ormos, also known as the largest port in Sumeru, has a toy store. The craftsmen in this toy store are preoccupied with the hindered development of new toys. For adults like us who lack childlike innocence, making toys that appeal to children cam be pretty difficult. Therefore in the "Graven Innocence" event, the Traveler, together with Collei, will explore Sumeru to look for materials and help the craftsmen to gather inspiration. You can obtain "Creative Notes" to exchange for rewards provided by the staff.

'''Dawei:''' "Graven Innocence" is very suitable to be completed together with Collei. So it looks like there will be new stories about Collei in the event too!

'''Aquaria:''' That's right. In this event, not only are there new stories about Collei. When players experience the tutorial quest of this event, "Meticulous Craftsmanship," they don't have to complete additional criteria and can invite Collei to join their team.

'''Dawei:''' You mentioned just now that Collei and the Traveler have to go collect inspiration on toy making. But inspiration is so abstract. How will the inspiration be collected?

'''Aquaria:''' Actually, there are many ways to accumulate inspiration. The first method is through snapshots, better known as taking photos. There are various curious creatures in Sumeru, and such fantastic creatures often star in fairy tales. We can take photos of them to serve as reference for the toy models. There are also species rich in the Dendro element that are also worth taking snapshots of. The second method is via challenges, or better known to the player as combat gameplay. Players have to battle two kinds of giant beasts in the wilderness of Sumeru and observe their characteristics to complete certain combat objectives. The unusual evolution of these beasts are full of fantasy elements that are worth studying. The third method is via racing, also known as parkour. In Sumeru's dense forests, players have to sprint and jump to overcome obstacles and hazards while dashing around and collecting Adventure Coins. Everyone can familiarize themselves with the topography of Sumeru's rainforests. The last method is for players to carry out combat with more new opponents. Through these battles, players can better understand and experience the ecology of Sumeru's wilderness and try out the new Elemental Reaction effects. In this challenge when triggering different reactions such as Catalyze and Bloom, unique shockwaves will be generated to help everyone complete the challenge.

'''Dawei:''' Looks like these gameplay methods are mostly in Sumeru's wilderness. In this way, Travelers will be able to get a better understanding of Sumeru.

'''Aquaria:''' Yes, via snapshots, challenges, racing and using new Elemental Reactions in combat. Such gameplay methods will allow everyone to familiarize themselves quickly with Sumeru's wilderness environment and combat methods. Travelers can also collect Items called "Whimsical Drafts" and hand them over to the shop staff to exchange for precious Carving
Components. Assemble these components to obtain an adorable forest spirit woodcarving that can be displayed on the event's furnishing stand. We hope they will let the children smile brightly again.

'''Dawei:''' Wow, it's an event filled with childlike wonder! That is in line with the impression that Sumeru gives the fantastical impression that this has given me, gives off the feeling of being in a fairy tale.

'''Aquaria:''' Yes. Other than the events mentioned, there are also some challenge events that will provide novel and intriguing combat experiences for players. For example, the event we are going to introduce next is the "Fayz Trials" event. In this event, we have put together a whole trial party for you. These teams do not require players to build their characters sufficiently. Also, in these Event Domains, players can use a special potion. Such potions allow your mind to be so extremely sharp that you can observe a fantastic scene where time almost stops amid combat.

'''Dawei:''' Eh? Can we take this chance To launch a sneak attack?

'''Aquaria:''' Haha, actually in such a state, both the character and opponent are static. However, players can use the Viewfinder to capture your opponent's weaknesses and use certain special skills. When the weaknesses captured reach a certain number, the power of such special skills will be enhanced. By continuously defeating opponents, players can accumulate Fayz Tinctures and obtain up to 3 uses of the Fayz Potion. In addition, some monsters have special golden weaknesses. Capturing these weaknesses will also significantly increase the accumulated value of Fayz Tinctures. Other than "Fayz Trials," there is also an event in Version 3.0 &mdash; a challenge event where you can randomly draw for buff effects called "Tablet Analytics." In this event, players can form their own party. And the system also provides some trial characters for you to choose from. There are three rounds of challenges in each trial. During the challenge, every time players use the special mechanism, it will randomly activate one or more buff effects. During the challenge, we also need to defeat as many opponents as possible to gain points and obtain the corresponding medal. Besides the fast-paced combat challenges, our old friend, Ulman, is back with the "Lost Riches" event in Version 3.0. This time Travelers can meet up with Ulman again and work together with his Mini Seelie. When Travelers bring the Seelie along to search for treasure, they can look at Ulman's Treasure Map and head to the place where the treasure is buried. First, players have to help the Seelie absorb elemental energy and following its guidance, dif for treasure. Other than rewards available from the treasure hunt itself, Ancient Iron Coins dug out can be used to redeem for other rewards. Of course Everyone can also select a Mini Seelie of their desired color and redeem it. After equipping it, if will become a companion on your travels. Lastly, in Version 3.0, we will also be seeing another return of the Ley Line Overflow event. Don't miss out, Travelers. This is an event where players have been anticipating, to farm for resources.

'''Dawei:''' The Ley Line Overflow event should be of great help in building characters.

'''Aquaria:''' Absolutely.

'''Dawei:''' Oh! Let's not forget about the new version's Character Event Wishesl Aquaria, do you mind introducing them too?

'''Aquaria:''' Haha! I was wondering why you haven't asked about the Character Event Wishes. Alright. Let's take a look at the new version's Character Event Wishes to see which characters will be making an appearance. In Phase 1 of Version 3.0's Character Wishes, the new character Tighnari will appear in the event wish "Viridescent Vigil" and will enjoy a boosted drop rate. In Character Event Wish-2, in the same phase Zhongli will be making his return. The new character Collei will also enjoy a boosted drop rate in these two characters' wish banners. Just as a reminder to everyone, Tighnari is not an event-exclusive character. After the Version 3.1 update, he will be featured in the Standard Wish. In Phase 2 of Character Wishes, our old friends Ganyu and Sangonomiya Kokomi will have their reruns. The new character Dori will also appear in these two characters' wish banners in Phase 2, in which she will receive a huge drop-rate boost.

'''Dawei:''' Okay. Thank you, Aquaria, for sharing so much event content with us, all at one go. I have one final question. In Version 3.0 regarding system updates and future plans, can you give a sneak peek to our Travelers?

'''Aquaria:''' Of course. Our System Designer colleagues have also prepared some content regarding optimizations and updates. Firstly, for Travelers busy farming in Domains of Blessing, we have some good news to share with everyone: all 5-star Artifacts that were updated before Version 1.2 can now be obtained via conversion through the Mystic Offering system! In the Mystic Offering system, with every three 5-star Artifacts you sacrifice, you can create a designated Artifact Strongbox and obtain a 5-star artifact from a specific set. Also, in this new version, we have also prepared three new gadgets "The Boon of the Elder Tree, "Ultra-Hot Burner Lamp Test Model," and "Fishing Line Stabilizer." After using "The Boon of the Elder Tree," Travelers can obtain wood materials from nearby trees. Consume ore using the "Ultra-Hot Burner Lamp Test Model" to increase the efficiency of processing food. The "Fishing Line Stabilizer" can be used based on the number of fish caught in the past. When you are within the Ideal Tension Zone Different, levels of buff effects are provided.

'''Dawei:''' Wow, that sounds convenient. We hope our optimizations can help to enhance players' experience, allowing for a more enjoyable adventure.

'''Aquaria:''' That's right. At the same time, we have news about future versions. The duration of Versions 3.0 to 3.2. Will be adjusted to five weeks. We will also adjust the version content plan correspondingly without reducing the gameplay content of each version.

===Music Production===
'''Dawei:''' Alright. Actually I have more information to share about the new area. With Version 3.0's arrival, Sumeru's music and the map will be released concurrently. I believe that in the previous promotional videos, everyone has had your first impression of the music in Sumeru. Moving forward, we have prepared a live recording of Sumeru's music. Let's immerse ourselves in Sumeru's music.

'''Aquaria:''' Sumeru's music exudes a very distinct flavor.

'''Dawei:''' Agreed. ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s music production team, HOYO-MiX, has teamed up with the London Symphony Orchestra and folk musicians. We have overcome the pandemic and time zone differences to complete the recording of Sumeru's music together. We took a foundation of orchestral music and incorporated many unique traditional instruments such as the oud, Sitar Bansuri, and more. We will also release the behind-the-scenes of Sumeru's music album and music production. We hope that after entering Version 3.0, players will be able to feel a distinct musical style difference Between Mondstadt, Liyue, and Inazuma. Furthermore, during Version 3.0, we will also release the version trailer-themed album "Footprints of the Traveler." This album features splendid tracks composed by @HOYO-MiX, each one an original composition for the version trailers of ''Genshin Impact'' since Version 1.1. This new album is also a culmination of memories shared between ''Genshin Impact'' and Travelers. In the future, we will continue to travel together hand in hand on a never-ending adventure! Meeting new companions aside, there are new encounters to be explored which are eternal themes in an adventure story. We hope that in your journey to Sumeru, Travelers will still be surprised and touched by what we have to offer. Every content sharing session is a process of experience and growth for us. Besides repeatedly refining content to present to our players, we also hope to convey our love for ''Genshin Impact'' and games to each and every one of you watching this. Although today's program has come to an end, the Traveler's adventure knows no bounds. Let us meet again in a new chapter of the story. Goodbye, Travelers!