{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Summer Night's Mask.png
|set   = Retracing Bolide
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A popular mask cast in the image of a [[Kitsune Saiguu|deity]], as described in the legends.}}
'''Summer Night's Mask''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Retracing Bolide]].

==Description==
The mask of one indwelt by a deity.<br>A mask that has been cast in the image of some legendary deity.

People will often take on the guise of the fox of legend,<br>Covering their faces with masks based on her divine visage,<br>Perhaps wishing that they might gain her ability of transformation.

In Inazuma's legends, everything has a spirit.<br>...But even so,<br>It is likely that most such beings would have long fled,<br>Driven into the forests by the suppression of the [[Shogun]].

But many people still believe in these [[Kitsune|divine foxes]] and the ability to be indwelt by them...<br>They believe that thousands of years of age may confer power upon animals.<br>As such, they also believe in what this fox mask represents.

A note has been left on the back of this mask, written in a lovely hand.<br>"I'm sorry, I departed under the cover of the fireworks."<br>"We will most likely never meet again. Take care of yourself."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Summer Night's Mask
|zhs      = 夏祭之面
|zhs_rm   = Xiàjì zhī Miàn
|zht      = 夏祭之面
|zht_rm   = Xiàjì zhī Miàn
|zh_tl    = Summer Festival's Mask
|ja       = 夏祭りの仮面
|ja_rm    = Natsumatsuri no Kamen
|ja_tl    = Summer Festival's Mask
|ko       = 여름 축제의 가면
|ko_rm    = Yeoreum Chukje-ui Gamyeon
|ko_tl    = Mask of the Summer Festival
|es       = Máscara de la Noche de Verano
|es_tl    = Mask of the Summer Night
|fr       = Masque de la nuit d'été
|fr_tl    = Mask of the Summer Night
|ru       = Маска равноденствия
|ru_tl    = Equinox Mask
|th       = Summer Night's Mask
|vi       = Mặt Nạ Lễ Tế Mùa Hè
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Sommerfestmaske
|de_tl    = Summer Festival Mask
|id       = Summer Night's Mask
|pt       = Máscara do Festival de Verão
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yaz Gecesi Maskesi
|tr_tl    = Summer Night Mask
|it       = Maschera delle notti d'estate
|it_tl    = Mask of the Summer Nights
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Retracing Bolide}}

[[fr:Masque de la nuit d'été]]
[[ja:夏祭りの仮面]]
[[tr:Yaz Gecesi Maskesi]]
[[uk:Маска літнього фестивалю]]
[[vi:Mặt Nạ Lễ Tế Mùa Hè]]
[[zh:夏祭之面]]