{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79008
|image         = Event Quest Summer Gift.png
|caption       = Harpasta and a note left by [[Barbara]]
|type          = World
|event_name    = Midsummer Island Adventure
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 21
|startLocation = [[Pudding Isle/1.6|Pudding Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|rewards       = Wind-Blessed Harpastum*1
|characters    = Barbara;Paimon;Traveler
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Pudding Isle
}}
'''''Summer Gift''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]] that will only trigger if the player did not receive the [[Wind-Blessed Harpastum]] during the [[Midsummer Island Adventure]] event.

==Steps==
# Search for harpasta in the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
## Go to the [[Teleport Waypoint]] in [[Pudding Isle/1.6|Pudding Isle]]
## Investigate the harpasta to finish the quest

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A mysterious, joyous gift lies somewhere, waiting to be discovered...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
; When you first enter your world
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Barbara gave Klee a harpastum too, didn't she? Aww, Paimon's so jealous! Paimon wants one too!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, let's have a look around the Golden Apple Archipelago, shall we? If we're lucky, we might find the remaining harpasta!
; Upon investigating the harpasta
:'''Paimon:''' This should be it!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? Looks like there's a letter next to it, too...
:'''Barbara's Letter:''' To a friend who may have the fortune to come here,
:'''Barbara's Letter:''' Hello there, person from afar. If you're reading this letter, then you must have found the harpastum I left here.
:'''Barbara's Letter:''' The Golden Apple Archipelago is full of many games that involve harpasta, and I and my friends spent a most wonderful summer here.
:'''Barbara's Letter:''' As such, I've left a harpastum that I made myself here, in the hopes that you, who have found that harpastum, can experience the same joys as I.
:'''Barbara's Letter:''' Please enjoy the sunshine, the sea breeze, and the summer games to fullest.
:'''Barbara's Letter:''' &mdash;Barbara
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that's Barbara for you! Guess we've got ourselves a harpastum now, so come on, let's go play!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Summer Gift
|zhs     = 夏日赠礼
|zhs_rm  = Xiàrì Zènglǐ
|zht     = 夏日贈禮
|zht_rm  = Xiàrì Zènglǐ
|zh_tl   = Summertime Gift
|ja      = 夏のギフト
|ja_rm   = Natsu no Gifuto
|ja_tl   = Summer Gift
|ko      = 여름날의 선물
|ko_rm   = Yeoreumnal-ui Seonmul
|ko_tl   = Summerday's Gift
|es      = Obsequio estival
|es_tl   = Summer Gift
|fr      = Cadeau d'été
|fr_tl   = Summer Gift
|ru      = Летний подарок
|ru_tl   = Summer Gift
|th      = ของขวัญแห่งฤดูร้อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quà Tặng Mùa Hè
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Gabe des Sommers
|de_tl   = The Gift of Summer
|id      = Hadiah Musim Panas
|id_tl   = Summer Gift
|pt      = Presente de Verão
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

[[ru:Летний подарок]]