{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Summer Night's Finale.png
|set   = Retracing Bolide
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A well-crafted wooden dart. It will only stop once it has reached its destination.}}
'''Summer Night's Finale''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Retracing Bolide]].

==Description==
An intricately-made throwing dart. It is a common sight during the [[Summer Festival|summer festival]].<br>In the ghost stories of [[Inazuma]],<br>There is a tale about a meeting between the human and inhuman...

To celebrate my wife's pregnancy, I went to the shrine to give a votive offering.<br>But for reasons unknown, I went up [[Mt. Yougou|the mountain]] with these objects.<br>The [[Summer Night's Waterballoon|water balloon]] from when I was seven, the [[Summer Night's Mask|fox mask]] from when I was seventeen,<br>And a [[Summer Night's Bloom|flower]] that would not wilt in ten or even a hundred years.

Why did I expect to meet [[Kitsune Saiguu|her]] again?<br>No matchmaker introduced myself and my wife, and we were always short on money,<br>And it took some time for us to produce an heir,<br>But our days were still filled with happiness, were they not?

But still I detoured on that mountain road to the place where I'd seen the fireworks with her.<br>Pulling the bushes apart, I thought I saw her dressed in white, sitting upon that rock.<br>But when I came forward and looked, it was just a fox sunbathing.<br>It leaped up at the sound of snapping branches, and fled into the woods,<br>And like the spots of light that poke between leaves moved by the breeze, it was gone in a flash.<br>All that was left was an old throwing dart.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Summer Night's Finale
|zhs      = 夏祭终末
|zhs_rm   = Xiàjì Zhōngmò
|zht      = 夏祭終末
|zht_rm   = Xiàjì Zhōngmò
|zh_tl    = End of the Summer Festival
|ja       = 夏祭りの終わり
|ja_rm    = Natsumatsuri no Owari
|ja_tl    = End of the Summer Festival
|ko       = 여름 축제의 끝
|ko_rm    = Yeoreum Chukje-ui Kkeut
|ko_tl    = End of the Summer Festival
|es       = Gran Final de la Noche de Verano
|es_tl    = Summer Night's Great Finale
|fr       = Fin de la nuit d'été
|fr_tl    = End of the Summer Night
|ru       = Конец равноденствия
|ru_tl    = The End of Equinox
|th       = Summer Night's Finale
|vi       = Kết Thúc Lễ Tế Mùa Hè
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ende des Sommerfestes
|de_tl    = End of the Summer Festival
|id       = Summer Night's Finale
|pt       = Fim do Festival de Verão
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yaz Gecesi Finali
|tr_tl    = Summer Night's Final
|it       = Gran finale delle notti d'estate
|it_tl    = Summer Nights' Grand Finale
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Retracing Bolide}}

[[fr:Fin de la nuit d'été]]
[[ja:夏祭りの終わり]]
[[tr:Yaz Gecesi Finali]]
[[uk:Фінал літнього фестивалю]]
[[vi:Kết Thúc Lễ Tế Mùa Hè]]
[[zh:夏祭終末]]