{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Summer Night's Waterballoon.png
|set   = Retracing Bolide
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|Water balloons can be seen everywhere during the summer festival, but none are as finely-wrought as this one.}}
'''Summer Night's Waterballoon''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Retracing Bolide]].

==Description==
A beautiful water balloon filled with water.<br />In the ghost stories of Inazuma,<br />This is a memento of a chance meeting with something inhuman...

During the summer festival, I was separated from my parents.<br />It was but a moment, but I had wanted to look at the water balloons,<br />And let go of my hand that had gripped on to my father's sleeve.<br />Before we knew it, the tide of people escorting the divine palanquin had washed us apart.

I cried by the torii gates along the road to the shrine,<br />And I counted the feet of the people ascending the mountain.<br />I do not know when it happened.<br />But [[Kitsune Saiguu|a beautiful lady with fox-like eyes]] had come to my side, and taken my hand.

"How preposterous, to leave such an adorable child here."<br />"So, how about it? Would you like to see the fireworks, throw some darts, and play fusen with me?"

==Trivia==
* Using the [[Memento Lens]] on an [[Earth Kitsune Statue]] in the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] reveals the words ''"How preposterous, to leave such an adorable child here."'' which are also included in the artifact's description.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Summer Night's Waterballoon
|zhs     = 夏祭水玉
|zhs_rm  = Xiàjì Shuǐyù
|zht     = 夏祭水玉
|zht_rm  = Xiàjì Shuǐyù
|zh_tl   = Summer Festival's Water Gem
|ja      = 夏祭りの水風船
|ja_rm   = Natsumatsuri no Mizufuusen
|ja_tl   = Summer Festival's Water Balloon
|ko      = 여름 축제의 물풍선
|ko_rm   = Yeoreum Chukje-ui Mulpungseon
|ko_tl   = Water Balloon of the Summer Festival
|es      = Globo de Agua de la Noche de Verano
|es_tl   = Water Balloon of the Summer Night
|fr      = Ballon d'eau de la nuit d'été
|fr_tl   = Water Balloon of the Summer Night
|ru      = Шар равноденствия
|ru_tl   = Ball of Equinox
|th      = Summer Night's Waterballoon
|vi      = Ly Ngọc Lễ Tế Mùa Hè
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sommerfest-Wasserballon
|de_tl   = Summer Festival Waterballoon
|id      = Summer Night's Waterballoon
|pt      = Balões de Água do Festival de Verão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yaz Gecesi Su Balonu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pallone d'acqua delle notti d'estate
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Retracing Bolide}}

[[fr:Ballon d'eau de la nuit d'été]]
[[ja:夏祭りの水風船]]