{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Summer Night's Moment.png
|set   = Retracing Bolide
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A pocketwatch that has stopped at a certain point in time.}}
'''Summer Night's Moment''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Retracing Bolide]].

==Description==
A small, ornate pocket watch.<br />The watch seems to have stopped at a certain time of day.<br />In the ghost stories of Inazuma,<br />This has something to do with an encounter with something inhuman...

On the night of the summer festival, as I walked the path to the shrine with the girl I admired,<br />I heard, only barely, the sound of a lost child's cries.<br />In that moment of distraction, I fell, spraining my ankle and breaking that pocket watch.

While she ran to look for some ointment,<br />I tried to make way for the people passing through,<br />And sat down on a rock by the wayside to rest.<br />The beautiful mask-wearing woman sat down beside me.<br />"There are few who know about this spot."<br />"But it's the best place to watch the fireworks, you know?"

It should have been a dream.<br />We hadn't met in ten years,<br />And she had aged not a single day in those years, and yet...

"You've grown so much. Looks like we should pass on the game of fusen."<br />"I've brought wine, though. Let's watch the fireworks together. What do you say?"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Summer Night's Moment
|zhs     = 夏祭之刻
|zhs_rm  = Xiàjì zhī Kè
|zht     = 夏祭之刻
|zht_rm  = Xiàjì zhī Kè
|zh_tl   = Summer Festival's Moment
|ja      = 夏祭りの刻
|ja_rm   = Natsumatsuri no Koku
|ja_tl   = Summer Festival's Moment
|ko      = 여름 축제의 시계
|ko_rm   = Yeoreum Chukje-ui Sigye
|ko_tl   = Clock of the Summer Festival
|es      = Reloj de la Noche de Verano
|es_tl   = Summer Night's Watch
|fr      = Temps de la nuit d'été
|fr_tl   = Time of the Summer Night
|ru      = Час равноденствия
|ru_tl   = The Hour of Equinox
|th      = Summer Night's Moment
|vi      = Đồng Hồ Lễ Tế Mùa Hè
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sommerfestuhr
|de_tl   = Summer Festival Clock
|id      = Summer Night's Moment
|pt      = Momento do Festival de Verão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yaz Gecesi Saati
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Orologio delle notti d'estate
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Retracing Bolide}}

[[fr:Temps de la nuit d'été]]
[[ja:夏祭りの刻]]