{{Meta
|missing_summary = yes
}}
{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Boreal Flurry
|subpage2 = Flying Hatter's Trick
|subpage3 = Metropole Trials
|subpage4 = Figurine Fabrication
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = Summertide Scales and Tales Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = Summertide Scales and Tales
}}
'''Summertide Scales and Tales''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|18;Song of the Dragon and Freedom|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}.

Recommended Quests: {{Quest|Inversion of Genesis;Masquerade of the Guilty|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}.

==Fairytale Voyage==
===List of Acts===
* Page I - [[The Story Begins in a Forest Without Rain]]
* Page II - [[They Once Walked the Starry Sky]]
* Page III - [[Until the End of the World]]
* Appendix - [[Afterword (Summertide Scales and Tales)|Afterword]]

===Summary===
====Page I - The Story Begins in a Forest Without Rain====
{{Main|The Story Begins in a Forest Without Rain}}
The Traveler and Paimon received a strange book and they decided to read it. Soon later, the Traveler and Paimon wake up in a mysterious land. They decide to look around and figure out where they are.

Following the path, they encountered two paper frogs, [[Stream]] and [[Firecracker]]. After the paper frogs leave, the Traveler and Paimon try to catch up with them. On their way, a white paper hamster introduces himself as [[Almond (NPC)|Almond]] and asks them if they are the awaited Hero of Prophecy. Almond explains that there is a prophecy that says "The Hero from another world, supported by their companions, shall restore peace to this world..." Almond tells them about the history of [[Simulanka]], which was created by three goddesses: The [[Goddess of Creation]], the [[Goddess of Prophecy]], and the [[Goddess of Fate]]. The life in Simulanka was peaceful until an evil dragon descended upon the land and attacked it. The [[Calligraphy Tavern]] closed down as a result of the attack. Without the [[Magic Tonic]] that the Tavern produced, all inhabitants of the Forest will gradually lose their color and eventually disintegrates. Seeing Almond already lost his color and starting to lose his memory, they decide to help the Forest. Almond takes them to the [[Hut of Blessings]] to meet the Forest Fairy, who is prophesized to join the Hero on their journey.

Arriving at the Hut, the Traveler discovers the Forest Fairy is actually [[Nilou]] and they both hug. Just like them, Nilou was also trapped in Simulanka after reading a book she found in [[Grand Bazaar]]. She heard a voice telling her to save the forest using her magic, although still cannot figure out how to use it. A book suggests that the world is made up by words and everyone can use its magic. She goes to help with the preparation to reopen the Tavern, the Traveler and Paimon join her.

After finishing the preparation and helping some forest-dwellers along the way, the Tavern is finally ready for reopening. Still figuring out how to use her magic, she decides to try by folding a paper into a paper hamster. Afterwards, she kisses the paper hamster on its forehead and blesses it with good wishes. She names it [[Padisarah]], and the paper hamster comes alive right after. While using her magic, Nilou is able to sense the magic flowing through the Forest. But she is not able to sense a hollowed-out space beneath the Tavern and asks Almond to investigate it. Everyone else goes to gather some ingredients for the Magic Tonic and after making it, Almond takes it to the space beneath the Tavern.

Nilou reopens the Tavern by blessing it, resulting in the Tavern to be reopened and the forest-dwellers regaining their colors. Almond's memories are restored and he remember the time he witnessed the Goddess's prophecy and the reason he waited in the [[Cliff of Prophecy]]. Nilou, the Traveler, and Paimon decide to visit [[Constellation Metropole]], Simulanka's most prosperous city. Almond suggests them to seek the divine counsel of the Goddess of Prophecy located in [[Astral Garden]].

====Page II - They Once Walked the Starry Sky====
{{Main|They Once Walked the Starry Sky}}
The Traveler, Paimon, and Nilou leave for Constellation Metropole using the [[Maritime Express]]. But before boarding the train, they see [[Kirara]] sleeping in one of the carriage. She wakes up, and Paimon introduces her to Nilou. Kirara explains that she also heard the same mysterious voice before coming to Simulanka. They all bid their farewell to the forest-dwellers and begin their train ride to Constellation Metropole.

Arriving at the outskirts of the Constellation Metropole, Kirara wishes to [[Narration Footnotes|investigate something]] in the outskirts and decided not to join the others, but she will come if they need her help. Heading to the Metropole, they encounter [[Bleufond]] and [[Bleucher]] being frozen in time and help them. They explain that the "gift from the Goddess of Prophecy" protects them from danger and the Goddess watches over everything. They direct the group to the Gear Sky Ladder so they can enter the Metropole.

Arriving in the Metropole, the King of Contellation Metropole, [[Navia]], comes to personally welcome the Forest Fairy only to be surprised with the Traveler's presence. Navia also came to Simulanka in a similar way and also heard a voice. She reveals that the evil dragon was snatching the stars above the city and dropping them all around. She also adds that the "gift from the Goddess of Prophecy" has been triggered more often and assumes that the Goddess of Prophecy wants to take her gift back because of her prophecy: "...Go, and push the gear that connects up to the starry sky. When that time comes, I shall dance, and return the tracks beneath my people's feet back to the stars in the sky.". The residents are hesitant to push the gear because they are afraid of losing their protection and Navia respected their wishes, but still actively trying to change their mind.

Navia takes them to the top floor of the Metropole's castle, where the Goddess of Prophecy's statue is located. Along the way, they find the [[Scattered Star|missing stars]] from the sky. At the top, they encountered [[Montagne]] trying to catch [[Olivier]] who was stealing the Magic Thread linking the Oracle Pillar, but Navia decides to let him go after retrieving the Magic Thread. After speaking to the Goddess statue, they realize that it is not answering any question regarding Simulanka's future. Using the [[Aerial Express]], they return the stars to its place in the sky above the Metropole.

After disembarking the train, Olivier returns with [[Bizerte]] and tries to talk with Navia, asking her not to turn the gear in fear of losing the Goddess' protection. When Navia asks if he got any plan to solve current issues, Bizerte confesses that they got none. Despite Navia's encouragement and reasoning, Olivier storms off in anger but Bizerte trusts Navia's judgment. Everyone finally turn the gear, and stars are filling up the sky afterwards.

Having no more plan, Navia suggests Bizerte to start helping everyone around him who got stuck because of the Goddess's magic. For it, Navia establishes Simulanka branch of the [[Spina di Rosula]] with Bizerte as the leader. As Navia reveals her plan to fight the dragon, Montagne and Bizerte discourage her from doing it because the evil dragon has tore the end of the world to pieces that caused a strange fog to surround the whole island, with all the guards sent there never returned. Navia is even more determined because they may be alive and waiting for help. Montagne directs them to take the [[Maritime Express]] to the toytanium mines and the conductor will wait for them tomorrow morning. Navia entrusts the Metropole to Montagne and Bizerte in her absence and says that they can just call her "Boss" from now on.

====Page III - Until the End of the World====
{{Main|Until the End of the World}}
[[Nilou|Forest Fairy]], [[Navia|King of Constellation Metropole]], [[Kirara|Nekomata-in-Boots]], and [[Traveler]] were on a journey to defeat the Evil Dragon when they encountered the true [[Wanderer|Simulanka's Hero]]. They fought the Dragon, but the Dragon remembered [[Durin|his name]] thanks to the Hero. The Dragon reconciled with everyone, received a blessing, and gained a [[Mini Durin|new form]].

====Appendix - Afterword====
{{Main|Afterword (Summertide Scales and Tales)}}
The Traveler greeted the friends invited by [[Alice]] and learned that Mini Durin had reconciled with the residents of Simulanka. The [[Wanderer]] told [[Albedo]] that [["B"]] had said Durin would be resurrected, and Albedo confirmed that this was indeed a possibility based on his observations. Albedo sayd the Wanderer and Mini Durin to assist him when the time comes. Afterward, Mini Durin headed to [[Teyvat]] with the "Hat Guy".

==World Quests==
===Mosaic of Moments===
* [["Brave Northerly Wind"]]
* [["Flying Hatter"]]
* [["Owl Musician"]]

===Figurine Fabrication===
* [["Good Shelf"]]

===Exploration===
* [[Narration Footnotes]]
* [[Text's Coda]]

* [[An Odd Textual Mystery]]

* [[The Forest and the Princess]]
* [[The Lotus Leaf and the Champion]]
* [[The Answer of the Lotus Leaves and Forest]]

* [[Towards the Lighthouse, or Far Away]]

===Hidden Exploration Objectives===
* [[A Stormy Friendship]]
* [[The Metropole's Treasure Hunt]]

==Open-World NPCs and Interactables==

==Character Appearances==
===Playable Characters===
The following [[playable characters]] appear in this event in Event Story Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name!!Page I!!Page II!!Page III!!Appendix!!Open World!!Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Albedo]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|no}}
|
|-
|[[Chiori]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|After Appendix
|-
|[[Clorinde]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|After Appendix
|-
|[[Collei]]||{{check|no}}||{{check|no}}||{{check|no}} ||{{check|yes}}|| ||After Appendix
|-
|[[Fischl]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|-
|[[Jean]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|
|-
|[[Kaeya]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|
|-
|[[Kirara]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}
|
|-
|[[Klee]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|
|-
|[[Mona]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|
|-
|[[Nahida]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|After Appendix
|-
|[[Navia]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}
|
|-
|[[Nilou]]
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}
|
|-
|[[Wanderer]]
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|no}}
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|yes}}
|{{check|yes}}
|
|}
===Other Notable Characters===
The following notable non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world.
{| class="article-table sortable"
!Name!!Page I!!Page II!!Page III!!Appendix!!Open World!!Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Alice]]||{{check|no}}||{{check|no}}||{{check|yes}}||{{check|no}}||{{check|no}}||
|-
|[["B"]]
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|[["M"]]
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|[[Mini Durin]]|| || ||{{check|yes}}||{{check|yes}}|| ||
|-
|[[Oz]]|| || || ||{{check|yes}}||{{check|yes}}||
|}
===Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters===
The following non-playable characters only appear during this event in Event Story Quests, subevents, or in the open world.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name!!Quests!!Open World!! Notes
|-
|}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Summertide Scales and Tales|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Summertide Scales and Tales}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Summertide Scales and Tales Soundtracks|type=quest}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[ja:陽夏！悪龍？童話の王国！/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Escamas e Contos da Maré de Verão/História]]
[[ru:Лето! Драконы? Сказка!/История]]
[[vi:Rồng Và Vương Quốc Hè/Cốt Truyện]]