{{Terminology Infobox
|type             = Lore
|region           = Inazuma
|area             = Enkanomiya
|affiliation      = Enkanomiya
}}
The '''Sunchildren''', or '''Phaethons''', were the puppet rulers of [[Enkanomiya]] during the period after the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] was built before [[Orobashi]] assumed control.

==Story==
After [[Aberaku]] built the Dainichi Mikoshi and staved off the threat of the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]], peace was established in Enkanomiya, but a cabal of corrupt nobles<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lotus Eater}}</ref> would manipulate the people of Enkanomiya into worshipping the Dainichi Mikoshi as a god, and chose a child to be the Sunchild and rule over the land.<ref name="dirge">{{Ref/Quest|Hyperion's Dirge (Quest)}}</ref> As they were children, the Sunchildren could not truly rule competently, and were instead manipulated to commit heinous deeds as the nobles who controlled them profited from their misrule. Because of this, the Sunchildren would become hated by the people of Enkanomiya, who scapegoated them and blamed them for willful ignorance even though they were aware that the Sunchildren were being manipulated.

Despite their tyranny, the Sunchildren were still children: they led lonely lives and lamented their existences, but the officials tasked with taking care of them were forbidden from saying a word to them.<ref name="syrtos">{{Ref/Quest|The Phaethons' Syrtos}}</ref> The nobles knew that as the Sunchildren grew into adults, they would eventually realize they were being manipulated.<ref name="dirge" /> To prevent this, they established a ceremony called the Rite of Solar Return where, when a Sunchild reached a certain age, they would be taken to the inner sanctum of the Dainichi Mikoshi, where they would be incinerated by the artificial sun's high temperatures.<ref name="dirge" /><ref name="syrtos" />

During the time of the first Sunchild, Aberaku opposed the Sunchild and the people who controlled them. As a result, he was accused of high treason,<ref name="dirge" /> and the first Sunchild had him imprisoned in the Dainichi Mikoshi for life.<ref name="tokoyokoku">{{Ref/Item|The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku}}</ref><ref name="temple">{{Ref/Quest|Temple Inquiry}}</ref> Upon his death, his clothes and body were enshrined in various places in acknowledgement of his achievements.<ref name="temple" />

Eventually, an Enkanomiyan child would discover Orobashi, who was hiding in a cave due to having escaped from the [[Archon War]]. The child would ask Orobashi to become their god, and he agreed, overthrowing the Sunchild's rule and becoming Enkanomiya's ruler.<ref name="tokoyokoku" />

The [[Divine Bridle]] was the badge of the Sunchild's office.<ref name="syrtos" />

==List of Sunchildren==
There were seven Sunchildren in total, all of whom can be met as part of the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] ''[[Sunchildren Hide and Seek]]''.
* [[Ion]]
* [[Isumenasu]]
* [[Orupeusu]]
* [[Piramumon]]
* [[Rikoru]]
* [[Risutaiosu]]
* [[Surepio]]

==Trivia==
* In Greek mythology, {{w|Phaethon}} was the son of Helios, god of the sun. Phaethon is most known for his disastrous failure to drive his father's sun chariot, which caused several catastrophes in the heavens and on the earth and led to Zeus killing him after he went too far.
* The Sunchildren appear to each be named after a son of Apollo, often one that had a connection with the temple of Delphi:
** Ion: Ion, who was raised by a priestess of the Delphic Oracle
** Isumenasu: Ismenus
** Orupesu: Orpheus
** Piramumon: Philammon, composer of the hymns to Artemis and Apollo that were sung at Delphi
** Rikoru: Lycorus, the city Lycoreia was named in his honor, and it was later renamed Delphi in honor of his great-grandson Delphus
** Risutaiosu: Aristaeus, who travelled to Ceos because of a Delphic prophecy
** Surepio: Asclepius, who was born in the Temple of Apollo at Delphi

==Other Languages== 
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sunchild
|zhs     = 太阳之子
|zhs_rm  = Tàiyáng zhī Zǐ
|zht     = 太陽之子
|zht_rm  = Tàiyáng zhī Zǐ
|zh_tl   = Child of Sun
|ja      = 太陽の子
|ja_rm   = Taiyou no Ko{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Child of Sun
|ko      = {{tt|태양|太陽}}의 아이
|ko_rm   = Taeyang-ui Ai
|ko_tl   = Child of Sun
|es      = Hijo del Sol
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Enfant du soleil
|fr_tl   = Child of the Sun
|ru      = Сын Солнца
|ru_tl   = Son of the Sun
|th      = บุตรแห่งสุริยัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Con Của Mặt Trời
|vi_tl   = Child of Sun
|de      = Sonnenkind
|de_tl   = Sunchild
|id      = Sang Sunchild
|id_tl   = The Sunchild
|pt      = Filho do Sol
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[Category:Sunchildren| ]]