{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book Sundjatta's First Foray.png
|quality   = 4
|region_lore = Natlan
|region_location = Natlan
|volumes   = 3
|vol1      = Sold by [[Amazolli]] at [[Idukan's Trove]] <br>
|vol2      = Sold by Amazolli at Idukan's Trove
|vol3      = Sold by Amazolli at Idukan's Trove
|author    = Djeli Mamoudou
}}
'''''Sundjatta's First Foray''''' is a [[Book Collection]] sold by [[Amazolli]] at [[Idukan's Trove]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|A woven scroll passed down for generations in the [[Children of Echoes]]. It tells the legend of a young [[Sundjatta]] from 500 years ago.
}}
Oh, my brothers, my children, listen well, <br> 
Listen well to my name &mdash; Djeli Mamoudou of the [[Children of Echoes]]. <br> 
A singer am I of our tribe, a herald of epic tales. <br> 
From Bilali, that first singer of sagas, does my line begin, <br> 
And Keitan Kouyate and Bintu Kouyate are my forebears. <br> 
Bilali it was who once followed a wandering sage to learn ancient verses, <br> 
And the Kouyates wove the ancient texts into carpets and felt tents. <br><br> 
<!--x-->
My mind comprehends the dragon-lords and barbarian kings of benighted ages, <br> 
My tongue can engage the most verbose [[Monetoo]] in verse, <br> 
My stories illuminate many truths, my words purify more falsehoods, <br> 
For stories cleanse untruths and become history, clear as a crystal mirror. <br> 
Such mirrors gleam with rainbow light from ancient days, but darkness too is dazzling, <br> 
Like a glimmer in the unfathomable eyes of the dead. <br> 
History teaches the survivors, but stories are rooted in those who have passed... <br> 
As surely as gems of the future must spring from the veins of the past. <br> <br> 
<!--x-->
So come, hear me sing, hear me tell of this hero, <br> 
Listen as I chant the soul-song of the children of the wild bull, the children of the rhinoceros. <br> 
I shall tell you of Magan [[Sundjatta]], his deeds, and his fate, <br> 
I shall speak of Mali Djata's burdens and passion, <br> 
I shall sing praise of Sogolon Djata's illustrious reputation, <br> 
And of Nare Magan Djata's final battle against the great enemy... <br> 
Oh, which hero has ever possessed so many titles? <br> 
Neither the darkest magic nor the foulest wraith could hurt him! <br><br> 
<!--x-->
My brothers, my progeny, proud Children of Echoes, <br> 
Listen, and I shall tell you of a hundred thousand barbarian kings, now forgotten, <br> 
Harken as I tell you of their defeat at Sundjatta's hands, <br> 
And how, once conquered, they fought by his side, <br> 
Let me speak of how foes become friends, how savagery may yet birth goodwill... <br> 
Let me tell of how the [[Abyss|pitch-dark]] armies came forth like a mountain, 
And how they dissolved before Sundjatta's might, <br> 
For this is a tale of great deeds once unrecorded, sacrifices misunderstood...<br>

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|A woven scroll passed down for generations in the Children of Echoes. It tells the legend of a young Sundjatta from 500 years ago.
}}
It is as they say, that many who are wise are not of noble birth. <br> 
So too had Sundjatta's lineage never been tainted by ancient royalty. <br> 
The old tales have faded like salt rivers in a darkened mine, <br> 
Leaving but shimmering crystals of truth for poets to reveal. <br> 
So it is with Sundjatta, and many are the account of his birth. <br> 
Close friends may desire to embellish, and amongst enemies one shall find a lack of praise. <br> 
What were the names of his parents? Which tribe were they from? <br> 
Ask the pale light of three moons, and still you shall have no answer. <br><br> 
<!--x-->
Story and song say Sundjatta was born blessed by the stars of dawn. <br>
No beauty his mother, no strongman his father, <br> 
But the celestial watcher-stars care not for mortal appearance, <br> 
For to weave the fate of heaven and earth alone is duty eternal, a task divine. <br>  
Mbande was chief of our tribe when Sundjatta was young, <br> 
Black-Jade Mbande, who was the mother of mines and gems, <br> 
T'was she who chose him to be our tribe's hero. <br> 
And thus did his story begin, the hero great, the miner mighty. <br><br> 
<!--x-->
When young Sundjatta began his career in the mines, <br> 
The mountain-carving hammers were larger than his whole body. <br> 
Yet he wielded them as though he were the wind itself, <br> 
So much so that heroes cried out, "The mine! It's about to collapse!" <br> 
"Haha! Brothers, sisters, do not be afraid!" <br> 
"'Tis merely my hammer summoning up a gale. See? A whoop, and a whoosh!" <br> 
Thus did he swing on, chiseling into the great mountain, sparks flying from the hammer's handle, <br> 
And they all looked on in joy and fear, as the champion's laurels he claimed! <br><br> 
<!--x-->
When Lady Mbande returned to the [[Lord of the Night]]'s embrace, <br> 
Sundjatta was already a young man, robust beyond his years. <br> 
On the night when a chief was to be elected, he left the tribe alone, <br> 
Tribal champion though he was, Sundjatta aspired not to power, <br> 
But instead sought to find a proud testament to his existence as one of us, <br> 
Resolute was he, striking out on an adventure toward lands distant and foreign, <br> 
Yet his passion was misunderstood by his tribespeople, who regarded him as a runaway, a traitor... <br>

==Vol. 3==
{{Description|A woven scroll passed down for generations in the Children of Echoes. It tells the legend of a young Sundjatta from 500 years ago.
}}
Sundjatta, who had lost his good name by voluntarily embarking on an adventurous journey, <br> 
Headed to the distant lava lake, letting the scorching waves burn his body. <br> 
This burning lake has now cooled, and [[dragons]] play havoc there no more, <br> 
But in those days, it was the abode ruled by the evil dragon Lukwata, <br> 
One of the few survivors of the ancient dragon race, <br> 
Who, with malice in its heart, sought ever to restore ancient draconic tyranny. <br> 
The ancient war, which had rocked both heaven and earth, had destroyed its tribe, <br> 
But it hid in a dark, rocky cave, thus evading utter devastation. <br><br> 
<!--x-->
Without servants to wait upon it, Lukwata had grown decrepit, <br> 
Eyes scorched blind by sulfur's breath, mind becoming dull and frenzied. <br> 
Inextricably trapped in a delirious dream of battle against [[Angels|heavenly envoys]], clinging to life, <br>  
Unaware of the human epoch that had come upon [[Natlan]]. <br> 
So when a tiny slave came to its hideout and issued a challenge, <br> 
The ancient dragon arose in fury, coughing and retching, hurling curses unceasingly, <br>  
Along with which spewed flames and sulfur from its maw, <br> 
"You insolent wretch! You dare disturb my royal slumber!?" <br><br>
<!--x-->
Sundjatta saw that the vile dragon of legend had long become doddering and deranged, <br> 
That it would claim a [[Seven Sovereigns|Sovereign]]'s title while forgetting its race. <br> 
So he burst into laughter, hoisting his massive hammer, and mocked the enfeebled drake: <br> 
"I am merely a nameless miner, not some contemptible knave." <br> 
"Just as you are no king &mdash; merely a tottering lizard!" <br> 
Rage surged in Lukwata's throat upon hearing these words, and with more wild retching, <br> 
It spat forth filthy, scorching lava, billowing forth plumes of pitch-black smoke, <br> 
At which Sundjatta did not even frown, instead swinging his heavy hammer down on the old drake. <br><br> 
<!--x-->
Old and infirm was Lukwata, yet when enraged it remained terrifyingly formidable, <br> 
And as the great heat of the magma scorched Sundjatta's hair and eyebrows, <br> 
The dragon's fierce venom again seeped into flesh and viscera, the unbearable agony burning deep, <br>  
And its massive yellowed fangs left festering wounds, while sharpened claws tore open old scars. <br> 
Yet on and on Sundjatta swung, enduring tremendous pain, <br> 
Until the dragon's craggy head split open, until the hammer-storm blew the black smog away. <br> 
And when the elder dragon's soul had been scattered to the winds, and the magma lake had cooled by half, <br> 
Sundjatta lay down, contented — truly now did he deserve a hero's name!<br> 

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|zhs      = 松伽塔的初阵
|zht      = 松伽塔的初陣
|ja       = スンジャタの初陣
|ko       = 순디자타의 첫 출진
|es       = La primera incursión de Sundiata
|fr       = Première incursion de Sundjatta
|ru       = Первый поход Сундиаты
|th       = การต่อสู้ครั้งแรกของ Sundjatta
|vi       = Trận Đấu Đầu Tiên Của Sundjatta
|de       = Sundjattas erster Auszug
|id       = Serangan Pertama Sundjatta
|pt       = Primeira Incursão de Sundjatta
|tr       = Sundjatta'nın İlk Yolculuğu
|it       = Prima incursione di Sundjatta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Natlan}}

[[fr:Première incursion de Sundjatta]]
[[ru:Первый поход Сундиаты]]