{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Supada no Hiko.png
|realname         = Spartacus
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Enkanomiya
|affiliation2     = Shades of Tokoyo
}}
'''Supada no Hiko''', also known as '''Spartacus''', is an quest-exclusive NPC in [[Enkanomiya]] that appears during the [[World Quest]] ''[[Lotus Eater]]''.

==Profile==
Spartacus was the leader of a resistance against the [[Sunchildren]] and the nobles that controlled Byakuyakoku. However, he was captured by the [[Sunchildren]] and imprisoned at the shrine in the Serpent's Heart where he eventually died. Due to the nature of the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], his shade remained long after his death and would be discovered by the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] thousands of years later.

Spartacus was initially relieved to see someone but realized the Traveler was not a member of the resistance. He wanted them to relay a message to his comrades, but he had forgotten his name and the phrase needed. After being informed of his name, he began to gradually remember everything and asked them to inform his comrades to continue fighting the nobility. The Traveler arrived at the location and met [[Adonis]], who told them that after Spartacus' capture, the resistance collapsed as they lacked funds &mdash; once they did from acquiring [[Dragonbone Orb]]s, the resistance collapsed anyways due to their greed being sated and that if Spartacus had been around, he would have stopped it from the start.

===Personality===
Spartacus was a brave individual who fought against the tyrannical rule of the Sunchildren and the nobles that controlled them from behind the scenes. He was essentially the figurehead of the resistance; following his capture by the Sunchildren's followers, the resistance was left leaderless and scrambled to regain their footing. Despite his death, he hoped that the resistance would continue fighting, unaware that they had collapsed due to a lack of leadership that only he could provide.

===Appearance===
Like most [[Shades of Tokoyo|shades]], Spartacus is a translucent humanoid figure without defining physical features.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Supada no Hiko's Enkanomiya name "Spartacus" is likely derived from {{w|Spartacus}}, the Thracian gladiator and leader of the escaped slave leaders in {{w|Third Servile War}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Supada no Hiko
|zhs     = 须婆达之彦
|zhs_rm  = Xūpódá zhī Yàn
|zht     = 須婆達之彥
|zht_rm  = Xūpódá zhī Yàn
|ja      = 須婆達の彦
|ja_rm   = Supada no Hiko
|ko      = 스파다노히코
|ko_rm   = Seupadanohiko
|es      = Supada no Hiko
|fr      = Supada no Hiko
|ru      = Супада но Хико
|th      = Supada no Hiko
|vi      = Supada no Hiko
|de      = Supada no Hiko
|id      = Supada no Hiko
|pt      = Supada no Hiko
|tr      = Supada no Hiko
|it      = Supada no Hiko
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}