{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial Cuisine Machine Test Run 3.png
|event        = Moonlight Merriment
|event2       = 
|region       = Liyue
|type         = Exploration
}}
The '''Supreme Cuisine Machine''' is a device created by [[Cloud Retainer]] that debuts in the quest [[Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part I]] during the event [[Moonchase Tales]].

It involves adjusting the [[temperature]] of three stoves to be within a certain desired range on the thermometer. The heat of the stoves can be increased by applying {{Pyro}} and decreased by applying {{Hydro}} or {{Cryo}}.

==Moonchase Tales==
In the Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course, Cloud Retainer works with the Traveler to create dishes from the machine.
*In [[Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part II|Part II]], cooking takes place while it is [[rain]]ing.
*In [[Contraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part III|Part III]], cooking takes place in [[Sheer Cold]] climate.
During the series, sometimes enemies such as [[Cryo Hilichurl Shooter]]s and [[Large Cryo Slime]]s may appear. Their [[aggro]] will initially be focused on the machine, and their attacks can decrease the temperature of the stoves.

When activated, it will automatically search for nearby ingredients and mark their scent out. The machine also requires an adeptal flame to cook.

Each challenge lasts for 1:30 time (90 [[second]]s).

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Moonlight Merriment/Moonchase Tales|Tutorial|main=1}}

==Trivia==
* In the Web Event [[The Great Banquet of the Adepti]], Cloud Retainer and [[Shenhe]] can be seen using this machine.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}

[[ja:からくり調理神器]]
[[pt-br:Máquina de Cozinha Suprema]]