{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|summary       = Zhongli stops by Angel's Share and requests some tea served by the Traveler.
|requirement   = Complete [[When They Take Off Their Armor]] and [[Fine Wine From Yesterday]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
|primogems     = 30
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]] and enter the tavern
# Head to the counter and get ready to open for business
# Talk to [[Zhongli]]
# Mix Zhongli the specified drink
#* "One Misty Garden, please. I take my tea strong."
# Give the drink to Zhongli

==Notes==
* "One Misty Garden, please. I take my tea strong."
** {{Ingredient|Tea|4+}} in any size cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"There seems to be a very unusual customer in the tavern..."<br />"Well, it isn't everyday that someone piques your interest. How about we go check this person out together?"<br />"Forget it... I wouldn't dare to utter a word in front of him even if I went."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Another familiar face has arrived at the tavern.'''

;(Talk to Zhongli)
:{{A|vo eqtj005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Zh&mdash;Zhongli!
:{{A|vo eqtj005 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ah, Traveler. Good to see you, I trust you are well?
:{{A|vo eqtj005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait... Uh, Zhongli, what are you doing here?
:{{A|vo eqtj005 1 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If I am to roam about the world, then I certainly mustn't limit my destinations. The free and prosperous Land of Wind is as splendid a place to visit as any.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 1 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' And it's quite a pleasant surprise to run into you here.
:{{DIcon}} Can I get you a drink?
:{{DIcon}} We can chat over a cup of tea.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 1 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' One Misty Garden please. I take my tea strong, thank you.
----
;(If the drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
----
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry to keep you waiting!
:{{DIcon}} Enjoy.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Mmm, the tea is clear and glows with a pleasing hue. Its richness is complemented by a floral and fruity fragrance. Exquisite.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so Zhongli is even super knowledgeable about tea.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon usually just gulps down the tea and says something simple like, "Yummy yummy in Paimon's tummy."
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Mindfully savoring the tea shows due respect to the person that brewed it for you.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Tea of good quality is hard to come by, and those capable of brewing tea according to the occasion and emotions even more so.
:{{DIcon}} You're too kind.
:{{DIcon}} I'm flattered.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it now.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So could you teach Paimon how to savor tea like you do? It seems you smell it first, then drink it, right?
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That's correct.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Every type of tea is unique. The more you drink, the more you will understand the subtle differences. Smelling the aroma will reveal the quality of the tea.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Lower-grade teas emit a musty and seemingly scorched scent, whereas ones with a delicate yet soothing aroma are usually of a higher quality.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If you want to be more particular, according to Liyue ancient tradition, you could acquire a "Vintage Goblet," which is used specifically for examining the aroma.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, all this time, Paimon's been missing out on her tea...
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Not to worry. Knowledge is vast, it's never too late to learn.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As a beginner, you can try this method: first observe the color. Then, smell the fragrance... And finally, take a sip.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Remember, you can understand anything as long as you approach it in the proper order.
:{{DIcon}} I learned a lot today.
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to know more.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' [[Qiaoying Village]] in northwest Liyue is famous for their tea industry. It would be well worthwhile the visit when you get the chance.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' What I shared with you today are mostly my own habits as an old-fashioned Liyue local.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Each region has its own tea traditions and culture. One should always respect the conventions of the local region.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it! But whether Paimon can remember it all is another story, hehe...
:{{DIcon}} Classic Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Thank you for such excellent tea, (Traveler). It made my trip out here all the more worthwhile.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If you ever come to manage a tea house, I will certainly be a regular.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we're already pretty busy. I don't think we'll have time to manage a side hustle at a tea house.
:{{DIcon}} Well, who knows...
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Regardless, you have my complete support.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 17.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Let's call it a day. I won't take more of your time. All the best with your new pursuit.
:{{DIcon}} Bye.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, about the bill...
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 zhongli 18.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ah yes, the bill... Just put it on [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]'s tab, as usual.
:{{A|vo eqtj005 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course... Take care! Give our regards to the [[Hu Tao|director]]!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea
|zhs     = 茶香氤氲间
|zhs_rm  = Chá Xiāng Yīnyūn Jiān
|zht     = 茶香氤氳間
|zht_rm  = Chá Xiāng Yīnyūn Jiān
|zh_tl   = Room With the Enshrouding Scent of Tea
|ja      = たちこめる茶の香り
|ja_rm   = Tachikomeru Cha no Kaori
|ja_tl   = Enshrouding Scent of Tea
|ko      = 자욱한 차 향기
|ko_rm   = Ja'ukan Cha Hyanggi
|ko_tl   = Thick Tea Aroma
|es      = La fragancia del té
|es_tl   = The Fragrance of Tea
|fr      = Un arôme de thé dans l'air
|fr_tl   = An Aroma of Tea in the Air
|ru      = Окружённый ароматом чая
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = กลิ่นชาที่หอมอบอวล
|th_rm   = Klin Cha thi Hom Op-uan
|th_tl   = Scent of Fragrant Tea
|vi      = Hương Trà Phảng Phất
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Umgeben vom Teeduft
|de_tl   = Surrounded by Tea Aroma
|id      = Semerbak Aroma Teh
|id_tl   = Fragrant Aroma of Tea
|pt      = Rodeado Pelo Aroma do Chá
|pt_tl   = Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[pt-br:Rodeado Pelo Aroma do Chá]]