{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40102
|image         = Event Quest Suspicions Aroused.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|act           = Beginnings and Endings
|actNum        = II
|part          = 2
|characters    = Aarav; Candace; Dehya; Kaveh; Nilou; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Competition on the Sands
|next          = To Claim the Crown
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Suspicions Aroused''''' is the second part of [[A Parade of Providence]]: Act II - ''[[Beginnings and Endings]]'' during the Event.

==Steps==
# Go play at an Akademiya booth
# Head to the Akademiya and find a matra
# Talk to Aarav
# Go to the main venue and find Alhaitham
# Head to [[Alhaitham's Home|Alhaitham's home]]
# Knock on the door and enter Alhaitham's home
# Investigate the documents on the table

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The second round has come to an end, but there are some matters that haven't been resolved...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the south entrance of Sumeru City)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It feels like something's been on your mind this entire time.
:{{DIcon}} (That white-haired man I saw before the competition started...)
:{{DIcon}} (That secret conversation we overheard after the first round ended...)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon! I've finally found you.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Finally"? Did something happen?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Don't you feel like there's something off about this year's Akademiya Extravaganza?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' When Candace and I were at a café earlier, we might've caught sight of some mercs on business. Thing is, they were disguised as tourists here to shop.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But no disguise can mask the stench of blood. Just from their suspicious looks, I bet they do dirty work like kidnapping or assassinations.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' We eavesdropped on them for a while. Their target seems to be someone called Sachin.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sachin? Isn't that the person who Kareena mentioned during the opening ceremony?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's apparently the sponsor behind the competition prizes and the Diadem of Knowledge. But he hasn't shown himself at all...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Sounds like a rich person, all right... It makes sense now.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The Eremites have been struggling to make ends meet recently, so a lot of groups have been doing "private" work that involves the rich.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' In their words, one gig sets you up for half a year. Just one job like this nets them enough Mora to take it easy for a while.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' The Extravaganza has brought many tourists to Sumeru City all at once, so it's likely that they took advantage of the bustle to sneak in.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Dehya and I wanted to directly capture them, but they were on guard and made some excuse to slip away.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I would've tied them up if it wouldn't have caused a scene.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Who's legally supposed to take care of this kind of thing? The matra? Or the Corps of Thirty?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... If Cyno were here, he'd definitely get involved. Why don't we head over to the Akademiya and tell a matra?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks a million, you two!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 candace 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Not at all. It was coincidence on our part as well.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, don't sweat it. The Eremites' reputation is gonna get even worse if these scumbags succeed.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But this is Sumeru City. Candace and I don't have as much freedom to act here, so we're leaving this in your hands.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 candace 06.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Should you require our aid, come find us at the café.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's noticed that something's bugging you. Is it the Extravaganza? 'Cause Paimon's starting to think that there's more than meets the eye here, too...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, but thinking like this isn't doing anything. Let's just go find a matra!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Dehya and Candace heard about someone plotting to kidnap Sachin. You should report this to the matra.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Candace and Dehya in Puspa Cafe, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm surprised anyone has the guts to try and pull off something like this during the Extravaganza. Just goes to show how tempting a fortune like Sachin's is.
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' What would you do if a sum of Mora like that suddenly landed in your lap?
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I don't know. I've never thought about it.
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Come on, first thing off the top of your head. How would you spend it?
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Hmm... Buying food, finding water sources... That kind of thing, I guess?

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Candace, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 8 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' (Mmm, this is good coffee.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Dehya, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 8 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' (There's not much harm that a bunch of small-time crooks can do. But this whole Sachin affair... something about it strikes me as strange.)

;(Approach Aarav)<!-- NOT conditional, I did not do Alhaitham's Story Quest, still got these lines -->
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey... Isn't that the matra [[The Illusions of the Mob|we investigated Siraj with]]?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Aarav," wasn't it? Let's go talk to him!

;(Talk to Aarav)<!--no ASTK-->
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 01.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Hello both. It's been a while. Do you have any issues to report?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Aarav about the situation with Dehya and Candace.}}
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 02.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Someone's planning to kidnap Sachin? Goodness... Though I suppose it's not all that surprising.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 03.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' The growing popularity of the Extravaganza has given him quite the reputation boost as its sponsor. He's seen as one of these "super-rich" types.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, since he's got a target on his back now, shouldn't you send some people to protect him?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 04.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' To tell you the truth, we've thought about doing just that. However, Sachin apparently prefers to spend most of his time out doing field work, and hardly ever comes back to Sumeru City. No one has been able to contact him.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 05.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Our only lead is something he once said... "Each time the Interdarshan Championship is held, I will be watching from close by to choose a suitable person to inherit my estate."
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 06.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Assuming he remains committed to that promise, then he must be right here in the city somewhere. I suspect that the Eremites in question must've heard about that as well, and decided to come here and try their luck.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they shouldn't know where Sachin is either, right?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 07.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' I would assume not. Anyway, Mahamatra Cyno is still on vacation, so I'll handle this.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 08.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Don't you worry. A couple of kidnappers aren't gonna get very far in Sumeru City these days. I have my ways of forcing them out into the open.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 09.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' All of that said &mdash; if you're interested in Sachin's story, why don't you try tracking him down as well?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 10.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' The sooner we ascertain his whereabouts, the quicker we can act to ensure his safety. I mean, you could task all the matra and the whole Corps of Thirty with someone's protection, but if the client doesn't show themselves, there's nothing we can do to help them.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair point. Guess we should start searching for him too. But where should we start?
:{{DIcon}} Do the matra have any information at all on Sachin?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 11.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' None, I'm afraid. He's never committed any crimes or broken academic protocol, so we don't have a very detailed file on him.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 aarav 12.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' I've heard that Alhaitham has now stepped down from his post as Acting Grand Sage and is back to being the Scribe again. Maybe it's worth checking to see if he knows anything?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea. Okay, we'll head back to the Extravaganza venue and see if we can find him!

;(Talk to Aarav again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 aarav 01.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Rest assured that I will bring these criminals to justice.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Matra Aarav has indicated that he will resolve the matter of the kidnappers himself, but it appears that only Scribe Alhaitham can aid in the Sachin investigation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Nilou)<!-- No ASTK -->
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Hey, Nilou, have you seen Alhaitham anywhere?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alhaitham? Why, what is it?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're trying to track down someone, and we need him to pull up some records for us.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Oh, I see... Sorry, I don't know where he went.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' He's always the first to leave after the competition ends, and he never tells anyone where he'll be going...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Yeah, actually, that sounds about right for him.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Lemme think... To be honest, he doesn't seem very interested in the Extravaganza, so he probably doesn't stick around longer than he has to.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' To him, being a commentator is just extra work he was roped into. Do you guys know of any places he'd go after work?
:{{DIcon}} A tavern?
::{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 nilou 06a 1.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Uhh... There's still one more round to go. Would he really go to a tavern in the middle of the competition?
::{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 paimon 04a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Here's a thought. Maybe he just went straight home?
:{{DIcon}} ...Maybe he went home?
::{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, maybe!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers that his house isn't that far from here, so we might as well check it out!

;(Talk to Nilou again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I wonder where Alhaitham would go?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Alhaitham isn't at the main venue. Go look for him at his home...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Alhaitham's home)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's try knocking...
:{{DIcon}} (Knock.)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No answer... Maybe no one's home?
:{{DIcon}} (Knock.)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hellooo...? Alhaitham? Are you in? We need your help with something!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 4 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, it's you two?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Kaveh! You're home!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 4 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Come on in. I'll get the door for you.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon enter Alhaitham's home)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't hear a peep when we first knocked &mdash; we thought no one was home!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, I can't be too careful. If someone from the Akademiya came here looking for Alhaitham and I opened the door for them without thinking, before long the whole city would know that I'm living here...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're pretty conscientious about this, huh...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... what happens if someone comes inside looking for him while you're at home?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's fine, as long as I stay in my own room. Anyway, why would someone just barge in here looking for him? Most people have better things to do.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair enough. So do you know where he is at the moment?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What do you think? Who knows what he does in his free time. All that matters to me is that he's out of the house!
:{{DIcon}} Did you have a quarrel or something?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I wouldn't call it that, he's just incapable of saying anything pleasant at all!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I told him how the second round went. I won the lot draw, remember? Because of good karma, of course. My luck's on the rise.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But him, being him... You wouldn't believe what he said after I was done talking!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 26.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' "You're always quick to remind me that you're my upperclassman, and yet you do not problem-solve in the manner becoming of an upperclassman. This begs the question of why we attach prestige to seniority at all." What does he mean, "manner becoming of an upperclassman"? What, am I supposed to earn the title of upperclassman now!?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 27.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And he didn't stop there! He said:
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' "I'd encourage you to reflect on why you've ended up having to rely on luck every round. Frankly, it's incomprehensible to me how you've managed to make it to this age without acknowledging the proverbial elephant in the room of your life."
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hahaha... Yeah, that does sound like something Alhaitham would say...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've had it with him! Every time I talk to him it's the same way! He finds a way to infuriate me, every single time!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Anyway, the disdain is very much mutual between us, so I'll be moving out as soon as possible. I'm actually packing my things right now. He'll have to get used to doing his own cleaning and tidying from now on!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' See those perfectly hung paintings on the walls? They're coming with me, too! Heh, if his life wasn't utterly devoid of artistic sensibility already, it certainly will be after today.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're moving out already? But the competition isn't even over yet. How can you afford it?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, obviously I can't just yet. I'm just packing early, to get ahead of the game.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've got my new place picked out already. The moment I have my hands on the prize money, I'm going to buy it and move my things right in. It'll take me three days tops to move out of here for good.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I now know what I have to do to achieve this goal. No matter what happens in the third round, I will win. I will emerge triumphant! You'll see!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we'll be rootin' for ya. But... are you sure you'll be alright?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm? In what way?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Layla said that she thinks you'll get caught up in internal conflict.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Meaning what, exactly? Don't tell me you think I have serious personality flaws, too...?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't say that! But think about it. You say you wanna win, but you also turned Faruzan down when she offered to give you her points. Plus, you took it upon yourself to help those Desert Foxes...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Wait, what's so unusual about all that? I gave you my reasons &mdash; I would have felt guilty otherwise... Where's the conflict in that?
:{{DIcon}} Why would you feel guilty?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, when you put it like that... Yes, why, indeed? It's a good question. I guess it's just in my nature. Plus, if I just did nothing, then there'd be no escaping the blame if something bad came of it later down the line.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But thinking like that all the time must make your life so exhausting. Not to mention that by helping out, you put yourself at risk... Fainting in the middle of the desert, for example. Was that really worth it?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's complicated, I... Look, let's maybe leave this conversation for another time. What was it you needed Alhaitham's help with, anyway?
:{{DIcon}} We'd like him to help us look into Sachin.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Sachin? Huh, he did actually mention a Sachin recently.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 21.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I remember he brought a few documents home that day. He was thinking out loud as he looked through them, making some notes and doodling as he went. He even suggested that I should take a look, but I didn't. Gimme a moment, let me go find them...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 22.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, this is the one. Here, take it.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... You sure he'd be okay with this?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 23.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' With taking liberties? He's certainly okay with helping himself to my beer whenever he pleases.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 24.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And anyway, he did ask me if I wanted to read his notes. I didn't see the point at the time, so he just left them on the side.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 kaveh 25.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He doesn't leave documents lying around unless he's okay with other people reading them. It's fine, I promise.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cool, if you say so. Okay, let's see what he's got on Sachin...

;(Talk to Kaveh, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I fetched the documents for you. Feel free to look through them at your leisure.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Kaveh, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 8 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' (Did he leave these notes there on purpose, or was this sheer coincidence? No... But if it wasn't a coincidence, then...)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Alhaitham isn't home, and the one who opened the door for you is a fuming Kaveh. After ranting about Alhaitham, Kaveh remembers that Alhaitham left some files relating to Sachin behind...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Investigate the document)
::'''Tabletop Documents'''
::Sachin was born to a wealthy family, and his father Rajput was a renowned merchant in Sumeru, with many properties to his name.
::At the age of nine, Sachin enrolled into Vahumana and achieved excellent grades. At the age of fifteen, he completed all of his courses and graduated first in class, his accomplishments greatly lauded by the sages.
::At the age of sixteen, Sachin ventured out and began to research the local environment and customs. His travels took him throughout Sumeru's rainforests and deserts.
::When Sachin was 23 years old, his father Rajput passed away. Sachin returned to Sumeru City to take over his father's business and spent two years here.
::At the age of 25, Sachin once again ventured into the desert to conduct field research. Records show that he traveled with a caravan and lived in Aaru Village for a period of time.
::At the age of 32, Sachin returned to Sumeru City. He looked withered and weary, his mental state in shambles. Much speculation arose amongst outsiders, but Sachin locked himself in his room and did not respond.
::At the age of 33, Sachin entrusted all of his properties to the Akademiya and pledged to donate all proceeds to the Akademiya. He then wrote a contract regarding the use of the proceeds and property ownership.
::The following is an excerpt quoted from Sachin when the contract was signed:
::"A minimum of 30% of all revenue generated from the business will be used to fund prizes for the Interdarshan Championship, which will encourage young prodigies to actively participate in the competition..."
::"I will also be donating my entire collection, the most prominent item of which, the 'Diadem of Knowledge,' will serve as a symbol of great honor in the Interdarshan Championship. Only the winner of the competition may wear it..."
::"In addition, the Akademiya is only given the right to maintain and manage my properties. Ownership of them does not belong to the Akademiya, nor does it belong to me."
::"Each year, when the Interdarshan Championship is held, I will keep a close eye on each candidate... If I particularly identify with a participant, I will reveal myself."
::"I will then bequeath all of my wealth to this individual whom I judge worthy of my acknowledgment. They will have the usage rights to all assets and proceeds under my name. I hope the Akademiya will respect any and all decisions made by that person."
::After the contract came into effect, Sachin returned to the desert to continue his investigations. But there has been no word from him since then.
::Many claimed to have seen him in the desert, but none of such claims have been verified. Twenty years have passed since then.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was a lot of information... Paimon's getting a headache.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So to sum up, Sachin put the Akademiya in charge of managing his estate and went off to do research, right?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He even said that if he really liked one of the contestants, he wouldn't just give them a reward, but his entire estate as well... That must be worth heaps and heaps of Mora!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What!? Are you serious?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' All of Sachin's wealth, that's... more than I could spend in a lifetime, surely. Heck, if I got chosen, I'd be able to pay off all my debts, then buy a new place, and still have cash to burn...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I could build another Palace of Alcazarzaray... Except this time, I'd make it ten times bigger...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Then there's that new project in Port Ormos, of course &mdash; the bridge renovation. To do it properly would take upwards of&mdash;
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, hey, snap out of it! You're getting way ahead of yourself there, mister!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You're right. First, I need to focus on winning and moving out of this place...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait a moment, there's a loose slip of paper tucked in between these pages.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did Alhaitham write this? It looks like he was jotting ideas down as he was thinking things over. Hmm, let's see... Um, two phrases have been circled:
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Sachin, dead or alive? Unknown"... and "Diadem of Knowledge"?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some of this stuff is just plain incomprehensible. Is this written in some other language?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Let me see... Huh? I recognize this script. Hmm, give me a second...
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' "Lofty ideals may provide no defense at all against nihilism, but perhaps little decisions can"... That's a rough translation, anyway. I can't guarantee it's one hundred percent accurate.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Hmm? There's another, smaller line of text underneath... Huh... Why would he bring that up?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it's so cool that you can actually read this script!
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' We worked together on a project once when we were students &mdash; the title was "Decoding the Runes and Architectural Philosophy of the Ruins of King Deshret's Civilization." I had to familiarize myself a little with this script at the time.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, interesting! So... Any idea what Alhaitham meant by all of this?
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Heh. Who knows? The way his mind works is one of the great mysteries of the world.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair enough. Well, guess we've learned all we can here.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hope Aarav's made some progress.
:{{A|vo xyjeq003 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, he'd better catch those crooks. But until then, uh... let's just head out for a stroll.
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Kaveh again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq003 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' "Little decisions"? What could've been going through his mind when he wrote that...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Suspicions Aroused
|zhs       = 疑案浮现
|zhs_rm    = Yí'àn Fúxiàn
|zht       = 疑案浮現
|zht_rm    = Yí'àn Fúxiàn
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 浮かび上がった懸念
|ja_rm     = Ukabiagatta Kenen
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 떠오르는 음모
|ko_tl     = 
|es        = Sospechas que afloran
|es_tl     = Emerging Suspicions
|fr        = Éveil de soupçons
|fr_tl     = Arousal of Suspicions 
|ru        = Подозрительные обстоятельства
|ru_tl     = Suspicious Circumstances
|th        = ข้อสงสัยที่เริ่มปรากฏ
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Nghi Án Dần Hiện
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Verdacht erregt
|de_tl     = Suspicions Aroused
|id        = Timbul Kecurigaan
|id_tl     = Suspicion Arouses
|pt        = Suspeitas Levantadas
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Artan Kuşkular
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Sospetti sollevati
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[es:Sospechas que afloran]]
[[pt-br:Suspeitas Levantadas]]
[[vi:Nghi Án Dần Hiện]]