{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02010
|image         = Archon Quest C2A3 Sword, Fish, Resistance.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = III
|act           = Omnipresence Over Mortals
|part          = 1
|description   = At [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]'s invitation, you decide to visit [[Sangonomiya Shrine]], the headquarters of the resistance army.
|requirement   = Adventure Rank 30<br />Complete [[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]]
|characters    = Koutoku; Ookubo Daisuke; Paimon; Sangonomiya Kokomi; Teppei; Traveler; Yoshihisa
|startLocation = [[Fort Fujitou]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = In the Name of the Resistance
|next          = Those Who Yearn for the Gods' Gaze
|exp           = 650
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|3|part=1}}

==Steps==
#Go to the agreed location and meet [[Teppei]]
#Talk to Teppei
#Go to the [[Bourou Village|resistance camp]]
#* A Waverider will appear by the docks.
#Talk to Teppei
#Go to [[Sangonomiya Shrine]]
#Talk to [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]
#Go to where Swordfish II is stationed
#Speak to the members of Swordfish II
#Clear out the nearby monsters
#*{{Enemy|Nobushi: Jintouban|x=3}}
#Speak to the members of Swordfish II
#Go to the area threatened by monsters
#Clear out the nearby monsters
#*{{Enemy|Nobushi: Kikouban|x=3}}
#*{{Enemy|Kairagi: Fiery Might|x=1}}
#*{{Enemy|Kairagi: Dancing Thunder|x=1}}
#Speak to the members of Swordfish II
#Return to headquarters and talk to Sangonomiya Kokomi
#Talk to Teppei

==Achievements==
* Defeating the first set of ronins grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[SWORDFISH II]]."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Arrive at the agreed location on [[Yashiori Island]])
:{{A|vo dqaq101 1 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Aha, (Traveler), there you are, good to see you.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 1 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Your appointment with Sangonomiya is fast approaching. We should get going.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 1 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Are you ready? We'll start by heading to the camp on {{Color|buzz|[[Watatsumi Island]]}}, and then we'll go meet [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Her Excellency]] together from there.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 1 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' If you start to feel seasick at any point during the trip, let me know straight away. That said, you've spent time with the [[Crux Fleet]] in the past, so I think you'll probably be fine...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 1 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Ready... and away we go!
----
;(Arrive at the resistance camp on Watatsumi Island)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Here we are. The training grounds for Watatsumi Island's troops.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Right now, the resistance is predominantly made up of local soldiers from Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Some of them are fighting with the [[Shogun's Army]] in [[Tatarasuna]], and some of them are stationed here on the island to keep the locals safe.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you use to train here, too?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Yep! Unfortunately, I had to join the fight in Tatarasuna before I'd had the chance to impress the instructors. So they had me start off by helping out in the logistics division...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I'll be staying here for now. If you need me for anything, just come here.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' If I'm not around, just write a note and stick it on the wall. As soon as I see it, I'll come find you...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' ...Shoot, it's nearly time for the appointment with {{Color|buzz|[[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Her Excellency]]}}.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 teppei 08.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I'll have to show you around Watatsumi Island some other time. For now, let's get ourselves over to {{Color|buzz|Sangonomiya}}!

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Sangonomiya is the name of the place where Sangonomiya Kokomi lives... huh. Let's go check it out.
----
;(Arrive at the Sangonomiya Shrine)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Food supplies are the absolute top priority, period. We cannot afford any losses.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' With the conflict between us and the Shogun's Army getting more intense by the day, we must prioritize the stability of the rearguard.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 ookubodaisuke 01.ogg}} '''Ookubo Daisuke:''' Understood. I will think of a way...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Take heart. We have a fresh batch of supplies in hand, and I'm working on expanding the army.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I appreciate that the lack of manpower has been hard on all of you. But things are going to get better.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 ookubodaisuke 02.ogg}} '''Ookubo Daisuke:''' We're expanding the army? Oh, that's great. Whoever this mystery supporter is, they're doing us a great service...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 ookubodaisuke 03.ogg}} '''Ookubo Daisuke:''' Huh? Teppei? What are you doing back on Watatsumi Island?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 ookubodaisuke 04.ogg}} '''Ookubo Daisuke:''' Might I ask, who...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 01a.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Haha, VIP guests of Her Excellency, that's who. I'm acting under orders to escort them both here.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 ookubodaisuke 05.ogg}} '''Ookubo Daisuke:''' Oh really? Wait, so are you the new recruit everyone's been talking about? Strength of twenty men, splits an arrow in twain from a hundred paces, skin as hard as diamond... That's you?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously, what is going on with these rumors!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 ookubodaisuke 06.ogg}} '''Ookubo Daisuke:''' You've come a long way. I'm sure you must be here on pressing business, so I won't disturb you any further. Feel free to visit me if you have any time to spare.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 ookubodaisuke 07.ogg}} '''Ookubo Daisuke:''' Your Excellency, I'll take my leave.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Your Excellency, I couldn't help but overhear [[Ookubo Daisuke|Ookubo]] mention something about... a third party supporter? What was that about?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Not long ago, someone wrote to me saying that they wished to support the Watatsumi Island resistance effort. To that end, they also furnished us with a great deal of supplies.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Thanks to them, we can finally start recruiting troops on the scale we need to openly confront the Shogun's Army on the front line.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds great.
::{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 07a.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I am not without my doubts about the whole affair... but Watatsumi Island is hardly affluent, and these supplies are a much-needed lifeline for us.
:{{DIcon}} Can this mystery sponsor be trusted?
::{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 07b.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I am not without my doubts... but Watatsumi Island is hardly affluent, and these supplies are a much-needed lifeline for us.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The sender's conditions were also reasonable. They simply ask us to dedicate ourselves fully to fighting against the Shogun's Army.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Whatever other motives they may have, we are at least aligned on this. So let's consider them an anonymous ally.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Naturally, we shouldn't let our guard down. If you discover anything out of the ordinary, please report it to me at once.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Your Excellency, does this mean that the food at the front line is gonna get any better? I was at the field hospital the other day, and everyone was begging for some barbecued meat.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehe... Don't worry. I've already made arrangements for that. Everyone will have their fill of meat. But to be clear, still no alcohol.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' That's fantastic!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I understand how hard it's been on everyone. The resistance army's rations have barely changed at all since the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was first announced.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I will discuss this with the logistics division to see what further improvements can be made.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' However, our supplies are still limited. I must ask you to remain patient until victory is ours.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When will the Vision Hunt Decree finally end?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 15.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' That's the question... and I'm afraid I don't have an answer.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 16.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The mere existence of the Vision Hunt Decree is baffling. The [[Tenryou Commission]]'s attitude just doesn't seem to add up, and neither does the [[Raiden Shogun|Shogun]]'s.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 17.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The Tenryou Commission's zealous support for the decree seemed to come out of nowhere. And the Shogun seems completely indifferent to the fact that it has effectively caused a civil war...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 18.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I suspect the Vision Hunt Decree won't end until these mysteries are solved. All I can say for certain is that as long as the Vision Hunt Decree remains in force, we will never give up our fight.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 19.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' (Traveler), to confirm... knowing the current situation facing Watatsumi Island and the resistance, are you still willing to fight with us?
:{{DIcon}} Yes. I won't give up, either.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 20.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Good. Then here is your assignment:
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 21.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I hereby appoint you as captain of the Watatsumi Island special operations unit: Swordfish II.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Whoa, whoa, whaaaat!? Swordfish II!? Is this the same Swordfish special ops unit that I'm thinking of?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' It's hard enough getting into a special ops unit at the bottom rung, let alone jumping to captain in one fell swoop... this is incredible!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 22.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Although this appointment breaks with convention, I firmly believe that with your wisdom, courage, and strength, you can lead your team to victory.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! So when do we take up our post?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 23.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The members of {{Color|buzz|Swordfish II}} are currently on standby in a {{Color|buzz|valley to the southwest}}. Ronin have been causing trouble down there lately, and we need a special operations unit to eliminate them and stabilize the rearguard.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 24.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I have already written your Appointment Letter, which you'll need to show them on arrival. Once that's out of the way, please lead them in ridding the area of ronin.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 25.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The special ops unit comprises Watatsumi Island's elite soldiers. They can be a little rough around the edges, but I have every confidence that you will win their trust.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Um, what about me, Your Excellency? Any battles you need me to get involved in?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 08.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I want to make a contribution to the resistance, too!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 kokomi 26.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Of course. I'll arrange something and brief you shortly.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 teppei 09.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Alright! One successful operation, coming right up! Hehe (Traveler), you may have swiped the captaincy of Swordfish II, but watch this space, 'cause this guy's on his way up!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, sure. Well, be careful out there. Don't push yourself too hard.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well (Traveler), let's move out.

;(Talk to Sangonomiya Kokomi again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq101 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' From now on, let's fight together.

;(Talk to Teppei again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq101 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I'll admit, being promoted directly to captain is pretty amazing. But I'm not about to get left behind! I'll see you at the top some day soon.
----
;(Go to where Swordfish II is stationed)
;(Speak to the members of Swordfish II)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 koutoku 01.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Provisional Squad Leader:''' Ah, you must be the new captain of Swordfish II. Her Excellency briefed us in advance.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 koutoku 02.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Provisional Squad Leader:''' Your reputation precedes you, and the Appointment Letter is all in order. But I still have my doubts...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? About what?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 koutoku 03.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Provisional Squad Leader:''' I'll be straight with you. I want to know whether you have what it takes to lead us.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean... like a duel?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 yoshihisa 01.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Veteran:''' Normally, a duel would be the quickest way to settle the question. But this time, we've got a better way.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 yoshihisa 02.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Veteran:''' We're stationed here because of all the {{Color|buzzword|ronin}} causing trouble in these parts. If you can get rid of {{Color|buzzword|them}} for us, we'll take that as a measure of your strength.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's show them what you're made of!

;(Speak to Swordfish II Provisional Squad Leader or Swordfish II Veteran again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq101 koutoku 01.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Provisional Squad Leader:''' Show me that you are worthy to lead us.
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq101 yoshihisa 01.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Veteran:''' We make no apologies for holding our leader to the highest standard. Because at the end of the day, your competence decides whether we live or die.

;(Upon clearing out the nearby monsters)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 5 koutoku 01.ogg}} '''Swordfish II Provisional Squad Leader:''' Okay, seems like you can hold your own... The rumors are exaggerations, of course, but still, your abilities are admirable.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 5 koutoku 02.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Allow me to introduce myself. My name is [[Koutoku]], Acting Captain of Swordfish II. This is [[Yoshihisa]], a fellow veteran of the team.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 5 koutoku 03.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' I now formally cede the position of captain to you. Swordfish II awaits your orders.
:{{DIcon}} Are there any other ronin to deal with?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 5 yoshihisa 01.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' There are two hard-hit areas. This was one of them, but thanks to you, this area is now secure. Their only remaining stronghold is located at the shallows on the {{Color|buzz|east side of the island}}.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 5 yoshihisa 02.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' That said, the ones over there are tougher, and there's more of them.
:{{DIcon}} We should go take a look.
:{{DIcon}} Kokomi said we need to secure the rearguard.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You got that right. Watatsumi Island is busy fighting the Shogun's Army on the front line. We can't let these guys mess up thing at the rear!
----
;(Arrive at the area threatened by monsters)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's so many of them...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 6 koutoku 01.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' That's not even all of them. They have two more camps nearby.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 6 koutoku 02.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Whichever camp we attack, it's the ronin in the other two camps that'll cause us issues. They might decide to provide backup or abandon them and escape on their own.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's attack them all at once.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 6 koutoku 03.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' But Captain, that would put you in great danger...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 6 koutoku 04.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' If we spread our troops too thin, we won't have enough men to guard you. It's too risky.
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, the Traveler eats amateurs like these for breakfast!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 6 koutoku 05.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' All right then. We'll deal with them all in one go and rendezvous with you on completion!

;(Upon clearing out the nearby monsters)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That should be the last of them... (Traveler), you didn't get hurt, did you?
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine.
:{{DIcon}} Just a little tired.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cool... Paimon wonders how everything is going with Koutoku and Yoshihisa. Should we go over and check on them?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 yoshihisa 01.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Captain!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 koutoku 01.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Captain, the other two camps have been cleared. The entire rearguard of Watatsumi Island is now secure.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Hee-hee, we solved the ronin problem and got everyone to look up to us, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what's next? Let's go back and check with Kokomi.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 yoshihisa 02.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Finally, we got it done. These ronin have been bugging me for ages, but Koutoku wouldn't let us at 'em till now.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 koutoku 02.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' What? No way could you have taken them down without the new captain here. I was putting the safety of the team first, got it?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 yoshihisa 03.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Oh come on, you were just being a coward...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, cut the attitude!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These guys, honestly... (Traveler), forget them, {{Color|buzz|let's go}}!
----
;(Return to headquarters and talk to Sangonomiya Kokomi)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' How was it, (Traveler)? Did your initiation go smoothly?
:{{DIcon}} Without a hitch.
::{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 02a.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehe... I'm sure you're playing it down a little. Koutoku and the others put you through your paces, I presume?
:{{DIcon}} There was a short test to begin with.
::{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 02b.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Mm, yes. That's standard for the team.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But with your level of ability, I'm sure it was a walk in the park.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Since you're back, I take it that the ronin are now gone from Watatsumi Island?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You bet. We sure showed them who's boss!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Good. Now we just need to make sure Ookubo keeps a close watch to prevent their resurgence.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Thank you. I believe in rewarding merit, so you will be compensated for your hard work. Let me see... too soon for another promotion, I think. I could increase your pay...
:{{DIcon}} Hey, where did Teppei go?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I gave him an assignment. He's taking part in a surprise attack against the Shogun's Navy.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' He expressed a desire to be on the front line, so I honored his wishes.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Now. Speaking of assignments, (Traveler), I have a special mission I'd like to give you.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A special mission?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Yes. In between Watatsumi Island and Tatarasuna, {{Color|buzz|there are some ruins relating to a god who fell in the Archon War}}. There are several small islands there, often used as a transit point when transporting supplies.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Recently, however, supplies stored there have started to go missing for no obvious reason.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Stranger still, the resistance army passed by and reported they found no signs of danger... I'd like to task you with getting to the bottom of this.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It's not urgent, so there is no need to leave immediately. I suggest you take a few days to familiarize yourselves with the army and also with Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 kokomi 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' When Teppei returns, you can catch up with him, then pick a day when the weather's good to set sail for the islands.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is Teppei really gonna be okay?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He has a tendency to dive into action without thinking things through... Paimon can't help but feel a little worried about him. Oh (Traveler), why don't we go wait for him at the {{Color|buzz|training grounds}}?

----
:'''''After training with Swordfish II for a few days...'''''
;(Upon automatic teleportation to Bourou Village)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Long time no see, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' So, how's Swordfish II treating you? Getting along okay with everyone?
:{{DIcon}} Well enough.
:{{DIcon}} Eh, they can be a pain in the butt...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Hehe, well you're in luck, because this seasoned veteran's got a few leadership tips for you!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Raising their pay will boost morale, while giving them a few bounties will act as an incentive to go the extra mile. It's also important to maintain strict discipline at all times, and finally... uh, wait, what was it, what was it...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Where'd ya learn all that, Teppei?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I read it in a novel from the [[Yae Publishing House]]... it was a long time ago. You wouldn't believe how many Dango it took to convince my friend to let me borrow it.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're seriously gonna use a novel to tell people how to run an army? Pretty sure that's called being an "armchair general"...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Haw-haw, that's where you underestimate me! That's right, I'm learning military management on the job now, just like you.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, you mean...
:{{DIcon}} You too?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' You'd better believe it! Thanks to my outstanding achievements in the recent naval battle, I've officially been made the captain of my very own special operations unit!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 08.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' It's a brand new unit: Herring I! What do you think? Pretty awesome, right?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 09.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I spoke to Her Excellency and she says our uniforms are in production.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 10.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Let's go collect them together once they're ready. I can't wait to put them on! We're really gonna look the part.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 11.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Ah, everything's going great. Our mystery sponsor's supplies have really helped turn things around...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Will Paimon get a uniform, too?
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 12.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Of course! You're a recognized member of the Watatsumi Island resistance.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yippy!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 crewmember 01.ogg}} '''Herring Section 1 Squad Member:''' Captain, a new assignment has come in...
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 13.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Thank you soldier, I'll be there on the double. Alright, I'd better go. (Traveler), see you again soon.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 14.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' You'd better watch out, partner &mdash; at the rate I'm going, I'll overtake you if you're not careful!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, in your dreams, mister!
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 teppei 15.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' *clears throat*... I wouldn't be so confident if I were you. I'm at the top of my game right now. This is my time to shine!
;(Teppei leaves)
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon is so surprised that Teppei's been made a platoon captain... He must have been working super hard.
:{{A|vo dqaq101 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a break then go check out these {{Color|buzz|Archon War ruins}}!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sword, Fish, Resistance
|zhs     = 剑与鱼与反抗者
|zhs_rm  = Jiàn Yǔ Yú Yǔ Fǎnkàng-zhě
|zht     = 劍與魚與反抗者
|zht_rm  = Jiàn Yǔ Yú Yǔ Fǎnkàng-zhě
|zh_tl   = Sword and Fish and Resistance
|ja      = 剣と魚と抵抗者
|ja_rm   = Ken to Sakana to Teikousha
|ja_tl   = Sword, Fish, Resistance Members
|ko      = 검, 물고기, 저항자
|ko_rm   = Geom, Mulgogi, Jeohangja
|ko_tl   = Sword, Fish, Resistance Members
|es      = Espadas, peces, resistencia
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Épées, poissons et Résistance
|fr_tl   = Sword, Fish, and Resistance
|ru      = Меч, рыба, сопротивление
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดาบ, ปลา และผู้ต่อต้าน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Sword, Fish, and Resisters
|vi      = Kiếm, Cá Và Kẻ Kháng Chiến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schwert, Fisch und die Widerstandskämpfer
|de_tl   = Sword, Fish and the Resistance Fighters
|id      = Pedang, Ikan, Pemberontak
|id_tl   = Sword, Fish, Rebel
|pt      = Espada, Peixe, Rebeldes
|pt_tl   = Sword, Fish, Rebels
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[pt-br:Espada, Peixe, Rebeldes]]