{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Sword.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Swords''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

==Normal Attacks==
A Sword user's Normal Attack chain typically consists of 3-5 fast melee attacks with relatively short reach.

==Charged Attacks==
A Sword user's Charged Attack has a small windup before performing 2 fast, arcing attacks in front of them with high [[knockback]] and wide AoE. Notable exceptions include:
* [[Jean]]'s upward thrust ([[Favonius Bladework]])
* [[Ayaka]]'s AoE scan attack ([[Kamisato Art: Kabuki]])
* [[Ayato]]'s forward lunge ([[Kamisato Art: Marobashi]])
* [[Kirara]]'s rapid claw strikes ([[Boxcutter]])
* [[Furina]]'s AoE attack that switches her [[Arkhe]] alignment ([[Soloist's Solicitation]])
* [[Clorinde]]'s Pistolet Suppression ([[Oath of Hunting Shadows]])
* [[Xilonen]]'s forward kick ([[Ehecatl's Roar]]).

Sword Charged Attacks can only be performed after a Normal Attack, and cannot be buffered after the final Normal Attack in a combo. The only exception to this is Furina's Charged Attack.

Most Sword users move forward during their Charged Attacks. However, exceptions are [[Keqing]], [[Kaeya]], [[Albedo]], [[Chiori]], and [[Xilonen]] who move backward, as well as [[Ayaka]], [[Nilou]] and [[Furina]], who do not move or have very little movement. 

Sword Charged Attacks typically cost 20 Stamina, with the only exception being Keqing's which costs 25 Stamina.

==Plunging Attacks==
Sword Plunging Attacks are considered [[Blunt Attack]]s. All Sword users have similar animations when plunging, which involves them striking downward with their sword.

==Sword Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Sword Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Sword Characters|noweapon=1|nomodel=1}}

==List of Swords==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Swords|not1=Unreleased Content|not2=Quest-Exclusive Weapons}}

===Quest-Exclusive Swords===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Swords&Quest-Exclusive Weapons|collapsible=1}}

==Artifacts==
The following are artifacts that benefit swords.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Sword Bonus Artifacts}}

==Cost Reduction==
<!--
==={{subst:PAGENAME}} Forging Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|{{subst:PAGENAME}} Forging Talents|notype=1}}
-->
===Sword Ascension Cost Reduction Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Sword Ascension Cost Reduction Talents|notype=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sword
|zhs     = 单手剑
|zhs_rm  = Dānshǒu-jiàn
|zht     = 單手劍
|zht_rm  = Dānshǒu-jiàn
|zh_tl   = One-Handed Sword
|ja      = 片手剣
|ja_rm   = Katateken
|ja_tl   = One-Handed Sword
|ko      = 한손검
|ko_rm   = Hansongeom
|ko_tl   = One-Handed Sword
|es      = Espada ligera
|es_tl   = Light Sword
|fr      = Épée à une main
|fr_tl   = One-Handed Sword
|ru      = Одноручное оружие
|ru_tl   = One-Handed Weapon
|th      = ดาบ
|th_rm   = Dap
|th_tl   = Sword
|vi      = Kiếm Đơn
|vi_tl   = One-Handed Sword
|de      = Einhänder
|de_tl   = One-Handed Sword
|id      = Sword
|pt      = Espada
|pt_tl   = Sword
|tr      = Kılıç
|tr_tl   = Sword
|it      = Spada
|it_tl   = Sword
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|Swords|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Swords| ]]

[[de:Einhänder]]
[[es:Espada]]
[[fr:Épée à une main]]
[[id:Swords]]
[[ja:片手剣]]
[[pl:Miecz]]
[[pt-br:Espadas]]
[[ru:Одноручное]]
[[th:ดาบ]]
[[tr:Kılıç]]
[[uk:Меч]]
[[vi:Kiếm Đơn]]
[[zh:單手劍]]