{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Sword.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Swords''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

Sword attacks are the middle ground of melee weapons, the damage and speed of their attacks are comparable to those of [[Polearms]], but with a shorter reach.

==Normal Attacks==
A Sword user's Normal Attack chain typically consists of 4-5 fast melee attacks.

==Charged Attacks==
A Sword user's Charged Attack has a small windup before performing 2 fast, arcing AoE attacks in front of them.  There are three notable exceptions to this pattern: [[Jean]]'s upward thrust ([[Favonius Bladework]]), [[Ayaka]]'s triple arcing AoE attack ([[Kamisato Art: Kabuki]]) and [[Ayato]]'s iai ([[Kamisato Art: Marobashi]]). All Sword Charged Attacks can launch small enemies off the ground and away from the player, with the only exception being Ayaka's.

Most Sword users move forward during their Charged Attacks. However, exceptions are [[Keqing]], [[Kaeya]], and [[Albedo]] who move backward, and [[Ayaka]] who does not move.

Sword Charged Attacks typically cost 20 Stamina. Keqing's Charged Attack however, costs 25 Stamina.

==Sword Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Sword Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Sword Characters|noweapon=1}}

==List of Swords==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Swords|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
The following are artifacts that benefit swords.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Sword Bonus Artifacts}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Sword
|zhs     = 单手剑
|zhs_rm  = Dānshǒu-jiàn
|zht     = 單手劍
|zht_rm  = Dānshǒu-jiàn
|zh_tl   = One-handed Sword
|ja      = 片手剣
|ja_rm   = Katateken
|ja_tl   = One-handed Sword
|ko      = 한손검
|ko_rm   = Hansongeom
|ko_tl   = One-handed Sword
|es      = Espada ligera
|es_tl   = Light Sword
|fr      = Épée à une main
|fr_tl   = One-handed Sword
|ru      = Одноручное оружие
|ru_tl   = One-handed Weapon
|th      = ดาบ
|th_rm   = Dap
|th_tl   = Sword
|vi      = Kiếm Đơn
|vi_tl   = One-handed Sword
|de      = Einhänder
|de_tl   = One-handed Sword
|id      = Sword
|pt      = Espada
|pt_tl   = Sword
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|type=Swords|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Swords| ]]

[[uk:Меч]]
[[es:Espada]]
[[pt-br:Espadas]]
[[ru:Одноручное]]
[[ja:片手剣]]
[[vi:Kiếm Đơn]]