{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74653
|image         = Sylvie Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Court Region Waterway Hub
|characters    = Sylvie; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Fontaine
}}
'''''Sylvie's Beryl Conch Commission''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Give five [[Beryl Conch]] to Sylvie

==Request Details==
"Tales of Humanity":<br>
Dear readers of The Steambird, I've been a taxidermy enthusiast for as long as I can remember and am looking for kindred spirits.<br>
Among all the different species out there, the creatures that fascinate me the most are crustaceans like the {{color|buzzword|Beryl Conch}}.<br>
If anyone happens to have any high-quality specimens, please don't hesitate to reach out.<br>
I'm willing to compensate you well.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sylvie requires 5 Beryl Conches.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Beryl Conches...
::'''Sylvie:''' Ah! My submission to "Tales of Humanity" has been answered! Yes, that's right, I am collecting them.
::'''Sylvie:''' You've already prepared all the Beryl Conches I requested, haven't you?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Beryl Conches are ready.
:::'''Sylvie:''' Wonderful, thank you! Beryl Conches are both quaint and elegant. Simply the best home decoration to be found anyway.
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Sylvie:''' No problem, come and find me once you've got them. I'm usually at work here.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Sylvie's Beryl Conch Commission
|zhs     = 希尔维娅的苍晶螺需求
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 希爾維婭的蒼晶螺需求
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = シルヴィアの蒼晶螺のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Shiruvia no Soushou-ra no Rikuesuto{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 실비의 푸른 수정 소라 의뢰
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Caracolas azurescentes para Sylvie
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Des conques pour Sylvie
|fr_tl   = 
|ru      = Берилловые ракушки для Сильви
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คำขอ Beryl Conch ของ Sylvie
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Ốc Beryl Của Sylvie
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sylvies Bitte um Beryllmuscheln
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Permintaan Beryl Conch Sylvie
|id_tl   = 
|pt      = Comissão de Concha de Cristal Azul de Sylvie
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sylvie'nin Beril Kabuk Görevi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Conchiglie di Béryl per Sylvie
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[ja:シルヴィアの蒼晶螺のリクエスト]]