{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Symbol of Felicitation.png
|set   = Echoes of an Offering
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A circular jade ornament. Legend has it that it was once used somewhere as a symbol for rituals to begin.}}
'''Symbol of Felicitation''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Echoes of an Offering]].

==Description==
It is said that this jade ornament comes from the long-sealed sacred mountain.<br />
Just as a [[Starconch]] separated from the sea will recall the sound of the waves,<br />
The ornament will also emit the sound of flowing water.<br />
<br />
You may often hear such rumors in inns...<br />
"You know, legend has it that the greatest treasure of the mountains is a slab of fine jade that can bring down sweet rains."<br />
"But when the world was in turmoil, demons began to covet its power."<br />
"So the master of the mountain split it into many parts, forming each part into different shapes, so as to hide them."<br />
"Then, the master concealed them underwater, in the hills, and some were even offered to shrines."<br />
"In the legends of [[Chenyu Vale]], these jade ornaments bear the blessing of a deity's pact."<br />
"It's just that no one has been able to find them, even after so many years..."<br />
<br />
The priest had been ever careful in hiding this jade loop on their person.<br />
But on certain years, they would discreetly show it to a friend with no sense of refinement on the eve of a departure.<br />
The priest would speak of its patterns and its origins, and of the pact made with a deity by their ancestors,<br />
But the friend was busy pounding herbs with mortar and pestle, and did not hear a single word.<br />
<br />
"We do this song and dance every year, and I've heard this story who-knows-how-many times."<br />
"Didn't you say you'd treat me to some tea when you get back? Let's talk then."<br />
But that which came from the waters was not that which she had thought would come, and would vanish henceforth back into those waters...<br />
<br />
Till today, the artisans of [[Yilong Port]] still make such simple ornaments.<br />
Visiting merchants will also often place these jade loops close to their ears, as the legend says,<br />
Wondering if they can truly hear the sound of the rain pitter-pattering on mountain stone.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Symbol of Felicitation
|zhs     = 祝祀之凭
|zhs_rm  = Zhùsì zhī Píng
|zht     = 祝祀之憑
|zht_rm  = Zhùsì zhī Píng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 祭祀の証
|ja_rm   = Saishi no Akashi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Proof of Ritual
|ko      = {{tt|축사|祝祀}}의 {{tt|증명|證明}}
|ko_rm   = Chuksa-ui Jeungmyeong
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Símbolo Ceremonial
|es_tl   = Ceremonial Symbol
|fr      = Symbol de félicitation
|fr_tl   = Symbol of Felicitation
|ru      = Символ подношения
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Symbol of Felicitation
|vi      = {{tt|Chứng Nhận|證認}} {{tt|Tán Dương|讚揚}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zeichen des Rituals
|de_tl   = Symbol of the Ritual
|id      = Symbol of Felicitation
|pt      = Símbolo da Oferenda
|pt_tl   = Offering Symbol
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Echoes of an Offering}}
[[th:Symbol of Felicitation]]