{{Location Infobox
|image        = Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = Galesong Hill
|subarea      = Windrise
}}
{{Location Intro|The '''Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero'''|description=<p>{{If Self|Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero|It|The Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero}} is the massive oak tree at [[Windrise]]. It is believed to have grown after [[Vennessa]] ascended to [[Celestia]] around a thousand years ago. A [[Statue of The Seven]] stands underneath its branches.</p>}}

==Overview==
A thousand years ago, Vennessa led the rebellion that overthrew the corrupt [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]] and became known as the hero of Mondstadt. According to legend, at the end of her life, she ascended to Celestia in reward for her great deeds. Following her ascension, the towering oak tree rose at the place where she ascended.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Dr. Edith}}</ref><ref name="Leaves Wind">{{Ref/Quest|Leaves on the Wind}}</ref>

After [[Venti]] witnessed the [[Traveler]]'s presence purify [[Dvalin]]'s teardrop, he thought of "a friend so dear" and runs off to the "Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|That Green Fellow}}</ref> When the Traveler finds him sitting on the branches of the tree, Venti remarks that he could feel the [[Abyssal Corruption|Abyssal poison]] being removed from his body after it transferred into him when his attempt to communicate with Dvalin was interrupted.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Let the Wind Lead (Quest)}}</ref> After [[Signora]] rips his [[Gnosis]] from his chest and [[Barbara]]'s healing powers fail to have any effect on him, Venti instead returns to the Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero to recuperate.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Ending Note}}</ref>

While conducting research into the power of "wind," Dr. Edith attempts to investigate the Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero and posts a commission to gather help. The Traveler brings back some leaves from the tree, which turn out to carry some [[Anemo]] elemental power.<ref name="Leaves Wind" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero
|zhs     = 蒙德英雄的象征
|zhs_rm  = Méngdé Yīngxióng de Xiàngzhēng
|zht     = 蒙德英雄的象徵
|zht_rm  = Méngdé Yīngxióng de Xiàngzhēng
|zh_tl   = Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero
|ja      = モンドの英雄の象徴
|ja_rm   = Mondo no Eiyuu no Shouchou
|ja_tl   = Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero
|ko      = 몬드 영웅의 상징
|ko_rm   = Mondeu Yeong'ung-ui Sangjing
|ko_tl   = Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero
|es      = Símbolo de la heroína de Mondstadt
|es_tl   = Symbol of Mondstadt's heroine
|fr      = Origine de Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = Origin of Mondstadt
|ru      = Символ героев Мондштадта
|ru_tl   = Symbol of Mondstadt's Heroes
|th      = สัญลักษณ์ของฮีโร่แห่ง Mondstadt
|th_rm   = San-ya-lak khong Hi-ro haeng Mondstadt
|th_tl   = Symbol of the Hero of Mondstadt
|th_note = Also written as {{th|สัญลักษณ์แห่งฮีโร่ของ Mondstadt|rm=San-ya-lak haeng Hi-ro khong Mondstadt}}, which has the same meaning but changes the order of two words.
|vi      = Biểu tượng anh hùng của Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wahrzeichen der Helden von Mondstadt
|de_tl   = Symbol of the Heroes of Mondstadt
|id      = Lambang pahlawan<!--lowercase in-game--> Mondstadt
|id_tl   = Symbol of Mondstadt's hero
|pt      = Um Símbolo do Herói de Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mondstadt Kahramanının Sembolü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Simbolo dell'eroe di Mondstadt
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[ja:モンドの英雄の象徴]]
[[pt-br:Símbolo do Herói de Mondstadt]]