{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Killed by the Traveler in ''[[The Fallen Falcon]]''
|image            = NPC Tadhla.png
|region           = Sumeru
|element          = Anemo
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|title            = Bent-Winged Falcon<!-- During the fight against her. -->
|father           = Masseira
}}
'''Tadhla''' was a quest-exclusive NPC in the [[Tanit Camps]] and was a member of the [[Tanit]] tribe.

==Profile==
Tadhla was the daughter of [[Masseira]], trained to become a Falcon of the tribe. After the [[Traveler]] was welcomed as a guest, Masseira asked them to help find Tadhla. The Traveler found Tadhla in a [[Fatui]] camp, having been ambushed by them and caught in the process. Driving the Fatui away, Masseira was disappointed in her inability to focus as a Falcon, but nonetheless continued with her coming-of-age ceremony.

The next day, Masseira asked the Traveler to accompany Tadhla on her hunt, which consisted of the three [[Consecrated Beast]]s - a [[Consecrated Red Vulture|Red Vulture]], [[Consecrated Scorpion|Scorpion]] and [[Consecrated Flying Serpent|Flying Serpent]]. While hunting the scorpion, Tadhla and the Traveler were caught off guard by a second scorpion which injured her, forcing the Traveler to tackle the Flying Serpent alone. After preparing the items, they returned to Masseira, who then gave her the next hunt - the Traveler themselves.

Tadhla confronted the Traveler at the ruins of [[Gurabad]], where she fought them as a Falcon as they were to see them as potential prey. The Traveler fought back in self-defense, defeating her, upon which she asked them not to forget her. [[Liloupar]] interpreted her final words as her choice of no longer living as a Falcon, but a friend instead. They picked up her [[Tadhla's Feather|feather]], implying that she had died after the fight.

===Personality===
Tadhla does not get along well with her father despite him training her to be a Falcon, likely because of the disagreements they have; Masseira disapproves of the feelings she harbors in herself, feeling that they distract her from focusing on her training, while Tadhla believes that he's interfering in her tasks. Despite this, she does obey her father's requests, even going as far as to comply with his request to "hunt" the Traveler. Ultimately, the time she spent with the Traveler, Paimon and Liloupar made her realize that she did not want to be a Falcon in the Traveler's eyes, wanting to be a friend instead.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Tadhla takes on the appearance of an Eremite Galehunter.

== Dialogue ==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After finishing the quest [[The Falcon's Hunt]], near Masseira's hut)

;(Note''':''' Incomplete, please expand with other the dialogue options)
:'''Tadhla:''' (Tadhla avoids eye contact and lowers her head nervously).
:{{DIcon}}Are you alright?
::'''Tadhla:''' Sorry, the hunt is over. I am Father's "Falcon."
::'''Tadhla:''' But I'm feeling great. Don't worry about me.
::{{DIcon}}That's pretty extreme...
:::'''Tadhla:''' Extreme, huh? I'm not sure about that. I've always lived like this ever since I was a child.
::{{DIcon}}Haven't you ever thought about living for yourself?
:::'''Tadhla:''' ...
:::'''Tadhla:''' No. Never. I never had such thoughts, or expectations.
:::'''Tadhla:''' The desert is a place of indifference and brutality, where I have no time to think for my own good. Without me, my tribe lives on just the same. However, without my tribe, there is no way I will survive.
::'''Tadhla:''' Well... But, the stories of you and Paimon, and the adventures that you two experienced...
::'''Tadhla:''' Should there be a chance, I would really want to hear more of them.
::'''Paimon:''' No problem! We have tons of stories to tell!
::{{DIcon}}Yes, I'll tell you all of them.
::{{DIcon}}We can talk about them any time you want.
::'''Tadhla:''' Pfft...
::'''Tadhla:''' Ahem, sorry. I'm just very happy. Thank you, the Master of the Jinni. Um, I mean, thank you, (Traveler).
{{Dialogue end}}











==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Tadhla}}{{Dialogue start}}
;''(After defeating the Fatui in [[Tadhla the Falcon]])''
:'''Tadhla:''' (...Blast, it doesn't work...)

;''(At the start of [[The Falcon's Hunt]])''
:'''Tadhla:''' (…Why can't you let me finish my coming-of-age ceremony on my own…)

;''(After finding the Red Vulture's lair)''
:'''Tadhla:''' (…Don't think about it too much, Tadhla, you're just a Falcon…)

; ''(At the Serpent's Cave, when Tadhla sits this fight out)''
:'''Tadhla:''' (…So thirsty… and hurting… and cold…)

;''(After defeating the Serpent, while collecting Liloupar's fragment)''
:'''Tadhla:''' (…I must not show weakness, or look afraid…)

;''(After completing [[The Falcon's Hunt]])''
:'''Tadhla:''' (...The next hunt, huh...)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tadhla
|zhs     = 塔德菈
|zhs_rm  = Tǎdélā
|zht     = 塔德菈
|zht_rm  = Tǎdélā
|ja      = タッドラー
|ja_rm   = Taddoraa
|ko      = 타들라
|es      = Tadla
|fr      = Tadhla
|ru      = Тадлэ
|th      = Tadhla
|vi      = Tadhla
|de      = Tadhla
|id      = Tadhla
|pt      = Tadhla
|tr      = Tadhla
|it      = Tadhla
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}