{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = May be killed by Traveler in [[Shuumatsuban Operations]]
|image            = NPC Tae.png
|element          = Cryo
|elementNote      = Delusion
|region           = Inazuma
|region2          = Snezhnaya
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = House of the Hearth
|title            = Fatui Spy
}}
'''Tae''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the World Quest [[Shuumatsuban Operations]]. She may be killed if the Traveler chooses to reveal that they are related to the [[Shuumatsuban]]. Her real identity is a [[Fatui Cryo Cicin Mage|Cryo Cicin Mage]].

==Profile==
Like many of [[Efim Snezhevich]]'s subordinates in [[Inazuma]], Tae was raised in the [[House of the Hearth]], an orphanage run by "The Knave" [[Arlecchino]]. After growing up, she joined the Fatui and was dispatched as a spy to infiltrate the Royal Bathhouse in [[Tenshukaku]]. At some point while working there, the hot springs made her dizzy and she accidentally used her [[Cryo]] [[Delusion]] inside, giving a guest frostbite and causing the [[Tenryou Commission]] to suspect her to be an infiltrator.

She loathes fellow spy [[Lyudochka Snezhevna]] for taking the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] position and for the favor Efim regularly shows towards her. While eating out with her, Tae snooped into Lyudochka's purse for spare change and found a light novel &mdash; idle leisure that was prohibited from Fatui spies. Aware that Efim was already growing irritated with Lyudochka's intentional stalling, she informed him of the novel, causing him to become enraged and reassign her to [[Watatsumi Island]].

===Personality===
Tae expresses extreme jealousy and contempt towards Lyudochka due to her being assigned as an infiltrator for the Grand Narukami Shrine, hoping that she would be taken down. [[Paimon]] remarks that her attitude is worse than [[Momoyo]]'s as she shows no sincerity behind her words. She dislikes her position at the Royal Bathhouse as she finds the hot springs dizzy, slipping her concentration and she frequently skips her work to the point that her boss [[Mikawa Akane]] prefers her to not come in at all.

Unlike the other two spies, [[Buzuleac]] and [[Nakatani]], Tae's hatred of Lyudochka causes her to be the only one of the three spies to make her not suspect the Traveler as a Shuumatsuban associate; if they try to reveal it, she immediately and incorrectly guesses they're with Lyudochka, going as far as to attack them without regard as to who they actually are.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* Tae means "many blessings" in Japanese.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tae
|zhs     = 多惠
|zhs_rm  = Duōhuì
|zht     = 多惠
|zht_rm  = Duōhuì
|ja      = {{Rubi|多|た|恵|え}}
|ja_rm   = Tae
|ko      = 타에
|ko_rm   = Ta-e
|es      = Tae
|fr      = Tae
|ru      = Таэ
|th      = Tae
|vi      = Tae
|de      = Tae
|id      = Tae
|pt      = Tae
|tr      = Tae
|it      = Tae
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}