{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Tailor-Made.png
|character     = Chiori
|type          = 1st Ascension Passive
|info          = Gain different effects depending on the next action you take within a short duration after using Fluttering Hasode's upward sweep. If you {{Control|Tap|Press|Press}} the [[Fluttering Hasode|Elemental Skill]], you will trigger the Tapestry effect. If you {{Control|Tap|Press|Press}} your [[Weaving Blade|Normal Attack]], the Tailoring effect will be triggered instead.<br><br>'''Tapestry'''<br><ul><li>Switches to the next character in your roster.</li><li>Grants all your party members "Seize the Moment": When your active party member's [[Normal Attack]]s, [[Charged Attack]]s, and [[Plunging Attack]]s hit a nearby opponent, "[[Tamoto]]" will execute a coordinated attack, dealing 100% of Fluttering Hasode's upward sweep DMG as {{Color|AoE Geo DMG}} at the opponent's location. DMG dealt this way is considered Elemental Skill DMG.</li><li>"Seize the Moment" lasts 8s, and 1 of "Tamoto"'s coordinated attack can be unleashed every 2s. 2 such coordinated attacks can occur per "Seize the Moment" effect duration.</li></ul><br>'''Tailoring'''<br><ul><li>Chiori gains {{Color|Geo [[Elemental Infusion|infusion]]}} for 5s.</li></ul><br>When on the field, if Chiori does not either {{Control|Tap|Press|Press}} her Elemental Skill or use a Normal Attack within a short time after using Fluttering Hasode's upward sweep, the Tailoring effect will be triggered by default.
|scale_att1    = 
|scale_att2    = 
|utility1      = Elemental Infusion
|utility2      = Character Switching
}}
'''Tailor-Made''' is [[Chiori]]'s [[1st Ascension Passive]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* The "short duration" is indicated by a large visual indicator over the screen.
* This passive has no effect if a character is manually switched to before the short duration runs out, even if the character is the next character.
* The Tapestry effect's character switch can occur mid-air and allow the character who takes the field to perform a [[Plunging Attack]].
* The Tapestry effect can still be triggered when Chiori is the only character in the party.
* "Seize the Moment" is indicated by a flower that circles the active character.
* The Tailoring effect's Geo infusion is completely non-interactive with other elements that Geo normally reacts with. While a Cryo/Hydro/Pyro infusion and the Geo infusion exist at the same time, no reaction will trigger and the Cryo/Hydro/Pyro infusion will take priority when attacking. If the Cryo/Hydro/Pyro infusion runs out before the Geo infusion, the Geo infusion can immediately resume without needing to be reapplied.

==Advanced Properties==
{{Advanced Properties
|title   = Coordinated Attack
|gu      = 1U
|icdtag  = Elemental Skill
|icdtype = 1.9s
|poise   = 50
|impulse = 2
}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1    = Tailor-Made Preview
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tailor-Made
|zhs     = 量体裁衣
|zhs_rm  = Liàngtǐ-cáiyī
|zht     = 量體裁衣
|zht_rm  = Liángtǐ-cáiyī
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 量体裁衣
|ja_rm   = Ryoutai Sai'i{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 맞춤 제작
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Hecho a medida
|es_tl   = Tailor-Made
|fr      = Sur-mesure
|fr_tl   = Tailor-Made
|ru      = Сшито на заказ
|ru_tl   = Made-to-Order
|th      = Tailor-Made
|vi      = Đo Ni Đóng Giày
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Mode nach Maß
|de_tl   = Fashion Tailor-Made 
|id      = Tailor-Made
|pt      = Feito Sob Medida
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Terzi İşi
|tr_tl   = 
|tr_note = 
|it      = Su misura
|it_tl   = Tailor-Made
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Chiori}}

[[es:Hermosa figura]]
[[fr:Sur-mesure]]
[[ru:Сшито на заказ]]
[[vi:Đo Ni Đóng Giày]]