{{Stub|Verify unlock requirements. It seems users are able to play the Domain at AR25, and probably after completing the Archon Quest ''[[Of the Land Amidst Monoliths]]'' or ''[[Farewell, Archaic Lord]]''. Please check before completing Archon Quests if domain is playable. Otherwise, a notification when domain is unlocked after the quest supposedly shows up too. Screenshots of this would be appreciated but not required.}}
{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Taishan Mansion.png
|type         = Mastery
|description  = Once, people who sought the path of the [[adepti]] had to pass the trials of heavens and earth. Taishan Mansion served as the trial of "earth." Now that the adepti have long departed from this realm, Taishan Mansion has also turned into a common treasure trove.
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Minlin
|subarea      = Jueyun Karst
|requiredAR   = 27/28/36/45
|recLevel     = 38/54/71/88
|recElements  = Hydro, Cryo, Electro
}}
'''Taishan Mansion''' is a [[Domain]] located near [[Jueyun Karst]] in [[Liyue]]. Clearing this domain gives [[Talent Level-Up Materials]] which can be used for leveling up [[Characters]]' talents to enhance their fighting ability. Challenge domains with higher levels to get better rewards.

The [[Jueyun Karst#Taishan Mansion Puzzle|Taishan Mansion Puzzle]] must be solved to unlock this domain.

==Ley Line Disorder==
The following Ley Line Disorders are applied in this domain:
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Level
!Ley Line Disorder
|-
!I - IV
|| Your character will be periodically inflicted with [[Smoldering Flames]], causing you to take {{Color|Pyro DMG}} until the inflicted Pyro element is removed.
|}

===Damage===
{{See also|Level Scaling/Reaction#Level Multiplier}}
The {{Color|Pyro DMG}} dealt by Smoldering Flames is calculated as <math>\text{Multiplier} \times \text{Element Level Multiplier}</math>. This DMG is affected by the player's [[Pyro RES]], but unaffected by [[DEF]] or [[DMG Reduction]]. The final result is rounded down.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
! Level !! Multiplier !! Base Damage
|-
! I
| 0.15
| 28.76
|-
! II
| 0.15
| 56.79
|-
! III
| 0.15
| 111.37
|-
! IV
| 0.4
| 456.67
|}

==Challenge Features==
Each level in this domain has the following Challenge Features:
{| class="wikitable"
!Level
!Challenge Features
|-
!III - IV
|· Smoldering Flames is an application of Pyro that will continuously deal DMG to characters. Use Elemental Reactions to remove it or use characters' healing abilities and shields to decrease combat difficulty.
|}

==Rewards==
{{Domain by Weekday
|mon-name = Altar of Flames
|mon-2    = Teachings of Prosperity
|mon-3    = Guide to Prosperity
|mon-4    = Philosophies of Prosperity
|tue-name = Heart of the Flames
|tue-2    = Teachings of Diligence
|tue-3    = Guide to Diligence
|tue-4    = Philosophies of Diligence
|wed-name = Circle of Embers
|wed-2    = Teachings of Gold
|wed-3    = Guide to Gold
|wed-4    = Philosophies of Gold
}}
{{Domain Levels/Mastery}}

==Enemies==
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Taishan Mansion I
|objective=Defeat 20 opponents within 360 seconds.
|subsubheader1=Wave 1
|enemies1=Large Pyro Slime*3,Pyro Slime*12
|subsubheader2=Wave 2
|enemies2=Pyro Abyss Mage,Pyro Slime*4
}}
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Taishan Mansion II
|objective=Defeat 12 opponents within 360 seconds.
|subsubheader1=Wave 1
|enemies1=Large Pyro Slime*4,Pyro Slime*6
|subsubheader2=Wave 2
|enemies2=Pyro Abyss Mage,Large Pyro Slime
}}
*Two of the '''Large Pyro Slimes''' are empowered and will periodically spawn a '''Pursuing Fireball''' that explodes three times once it reaches the player, dealing {{Color|Pyro DMG}}. During these three explosions, it remains stationary but will shift towards the player again for two more cycles.
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Taishan Mansion III
|objective=Defeat 8 opponents within 360 seconds.
|subsubheader1=Wave 1
|enemies1=Large Pyro Slime*6
|subsubheader2=Wave 2
|enemies2=Pyro Abyss Mage*2
}}
*One of the '''Large Pyro Slimes''' is empowered and will periodically spawn a '''Pursuing Fireball''' that explodes three times once it reaches the player, dealing {{Color|Pyro DMG}}. During these three explosions, it remains stationary but will shift towards the player again for two more cycles.
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Taishan Mansion IV
|objective=Defeat 4 opponents within 480 seconds.
|subsubheader1=Wave 1
|enemies1=Blazing Axe Mitachurl*2
|subsubheader2=Wave 2
|enemies2=Fatui Pyro Agent*2
}}
*One of the '''Fatui Pyro Agents''' is empowered and will periodically spawn a '''Pursuing Fireball''' that explodes three times once it reaches the player, dealing {{Color|Pyro DMG}}. During these three explosions, it remains stationary but will shift towards the player again for two more cycles.

==Trivia==
* The level names for this domain are 'Altar of Flames' for Prosperity talents, 'Heart of Flames' for Diligence talents, and 'Circle of Embers' for Gold talents. All of them have fire-related names likely because the Ley Line Disorder inflicts you with a fire-based ailment and the enemies are all Pyro-related.
**The association between an altar and prosperity may relate to worshipping a deity for success/blessings.
**The association between a heart and diligence likely is because diligence is a character trait.
**The association between a circle and gold may relate to a council or organization like the Liyue Qixing that controls business or even to the circular shape of Mora.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Taishan Mansion
|zhs     = 太山府
|zhs_rm  = Tàishān Fǔ
|zht     = 太山府
|zht_rm  = Tàishān Fǔ
|zh_tl   = Taishan Mansion
|ja      = 太山府
|ja_rm   = Taisan Fu
|ja_tl   = Big Mountain Mansion
|ko      = 태산부
|ko_rm   = Taesanbu
|ko_tl   = Huge Mountain Storeroom
|es      = Mansión Taishan
|es_tl   = Taishan Mansion
|fr      = Manoir Taishan
|fr_tl   = Taishan Mansion
|ru      = Тайшаньфу
|ru_lang = zh
|ru_tl   = Taishan {{tt|Fu|Mansion}}
|th      = วัง Taishan Mansion
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Taishan Mansion Palace
|vi      = {{tt|Thái Sơn Phủ|太山府}}
|vi_tl   = Taishan Mansion{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Villa Taishan
|de_tl   = Taishan Mansion
|id      = Taishan Mansion
|pt      = Mansão Taishan
|pt_tl   = Taishan Mansion
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Permanent}}

[[es:Mansión Taishan]]