{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Taj Radkani.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Died in [[All Returns to Silence]]
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Sumeru Akademiya
|title            = Matra
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Murtada Radkani
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = {{w|ja:高橋研二|Takahashi Kenji ({{ja|高橋研二}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/george0116/status/1575813424407203842 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Taj Radkani''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Lupus Aureus Chapter]], Act I: [[Sands of Solitude]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Taj is a member of the [[Matra]] and had a single son, [[Murtada Radkani]]. They had a brief argument but were able to reconcile, before Murtada was enticed by someone to investigate the [[Court of Desolation]], which had been banned by the Akademiya due to the dangers tied to it. Taj arrested Murtada and threw him in jail, although he committed suicide shortly after arriving in prison, much to Taj's sorrow.

Taj worked with his junior, [[Cyno]], but was injured during a mission, causing him to retire from partaking in live missions and instead relegating himself to administrative duties. When he learned that the organization that had killed his son had been researching the Court of Desolation, Taj investigated them and learned that they had many famous members in their ranks, including the Akademiya. Pretending to have fallen from grace, Taj worked with them while leaving behind a trail for Cyno to follow, although the [[Traveler]] would be the one to find it. Fortunately, the Traveler ran into Cyno, who was likewise investigating a surplus of smuggled Canned Knowledge which was an unintended result of Taj's actions.

He eventually found the Court of Desolation and began damaging its walls to allow quicksand to bury it, knowing that the organization could not continue to use it for their own gains. By the time the Traveler and Cyno learned that Taj was responsible for the leaks in the Akademiya, he had been waiting for their arrival. After a brief fight, Cyno realized that Taj had not gone astray, which he confirmed. Hoping to see his son in the afterlife and needing to atone for the leaks, Taj willingly let himself be buried by quicksand.

Cyno would later clear Taj's name, with the announcement of his sacrifice shocking his fellow Matra, who were riled up and arrested the traitors in the Akademiya on the list he complied. Some would escape, but they would all be caught by Cyno. While the Matra wanted to erect a memorial at the place he died, Cyno did not reveal the location due to the circumstances involved.

===Personality===
As a Matra, Taj has a strong sense of academic integrity. He was well-known and respected by his fellow Matra for both his skills in polearm combat and his general personality. He was willing to take extreme risks, as long as they were within acceptable grounds. He also shared a good relationship with his son Murtada, having been able to mend their relationship when he first joined the Akademiya due to conflicting interests. However, when Murtada was enticed to research the Court of Desolation, Taj did not hesitate to send his son to prison for his crimes, although he still cared for him.

After Murtada committed suicide, Taj was left shattered by his son's death and became a former shell of himself, although he still retained his integrity as a Matra. Learning of the organization that enticed Murtada to his death, Taj chose to take revenge on them by infiltrating the group, having gone further than his fellow Matra had thought.

===Appearance===

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Taj Radkani
|zhs     = 塔杰・拉德卡尼
|zhs_rm  = Tǎjié Lādékǎní
|zht     = 塔傑・拉德卡尼
|zht_rm  = Tǎjié Lādékǎní
|ja      = タージ・ラドカニ
|ja_rm   = Taaji Radokani
|ko      = 타지・라드카니
|ko_rm   = Taji Radeukani
|es      = Taj Radkani
|fr      = Taj Radkani
|ru      = Тадж Радкани
|th      = Taj Radkani
|vi      = Taj Radkani
|de      = Taj Radkani
|id      = Taj Radkani
|pt      = Taj Radkani
|tr      = Taj Radkani
|it      = Taj Radkani
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}