{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Inazuma Clans
|type2        = Families
}}
The '''Takatsukasa Clan''' is a clan that supports the [[Kujou Clan]] in heading the [[Tenryou Commission]]. They have a [[Hidden Mountain Base]] on [[Mt. Yougou]].

==Overview==
The Takatsukasa Clan has served the Kujou Clan for several generations. One of its members, Takatsukasa Tokibeitetsu, is the Internal Affairs Head and a [[Yoriki Samurai]] who directly serves the Tenryou Commissioner, [[Kujou Takayuki]].<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Yoriki Samurai|note=as ''Takatsukasa Tokibeitetsu'' in [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters (Domain)|Tenryou Commission Headquarters]]}}</ref>

However, the Kujou Clan and Takatsukasa Clan have been at odds for a long time, particularly over the leadership of the Tenryou Commission. A feud between Kujou Takayuki and [[Takatsukasa Isamu]], the former head of the Police Station, resulted in Isamu's murder with which [[Ryuuji]] was scapegoated for. [[Sango]] and [[Shikanoin Heizou]] identified [[Shiroyama]], another member of the Police Station, as the real culprit; Ryuuji was acquitted, while Shiroyama was pressured into committing suicide and Takayuki erased all evidence that could trace Shiroyama's poison back to him.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Long-Sealed Mystery}}</ref>

Following the events of ''[[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]'', the Tenryou Commission was destabilized following revelations about Takayuki's collusion with the [[Fatui]]. Eager to claim the position of head of the Tenryou Commission for himself, members of the Takatsukasa Clan attempted to oust the Kujou Clan by coercing [[Kujou Kamaji]] into signing a written confession that not only outlined all of the Kujou Clan's corrupt actions, but also falsely painted the Takatsukasa Clan in a positive light. The matter was eventually settled by [[Ei]], who took Kamaji on in a duel and recognized his valor despite his overwhelming loss, and declared that Kamaji would be the temporary head of the Kujou Clan and the head of the Tenryou Commission until she reached her verdict on their fate.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To Hear Mortal Hearts}}</ref>

==Known Members==
*[[Takatsukasa Susumu]] &mdash; Clan Head
*[[Takatsukasa Isamu]] &mdash; Former Head of the Police Station and Susumu's younger brother
**[[Takatsukasa Chika]] &mdash; Isamu's daughter
*[[Takatsukasa Tokibeitetsu]] &mdash; Internal Affairs Head
*[[Takatsukasa Tomohide]] &mdash; Tax Secretary

==Trivia==
*Breaking all the vases on the island where [[Violet Court]] is located spawns a [[Nobushi: Kikouban]], which may randomly have the name {{lang|"Takatsukasa the Terrible"|ja=「悪逆非道の鷹司」}}. However, his background is not elaborated on and there is no other reference to any person within the Takatsukasa Clan who may link back to him.

===Etymology===
*Takatsukasa literally means the "Master of Falconry" in Japanese.
*The clan is most likely inspired by the {{w|Takatsukasa family}}, one of the five noblest aristocratic families in Japan. In real life, the house has the same family status as Kujou.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages||default_hidden=1
|en      = Takatsukasa Clan
|zhs     = 鹰司家
|zhs_rm  = Yīngsī-jiā
|zht     = 鷹司家
|zht_rm  = Yīngsī-jiā
|ja      = 鷹司家
|ja_rm   = Takatsukasa-ke
|ko      = 타카츠카사 {{tt|가문|家門}}
|ko_rm   = Takacheukasa Gamun
|es      = Clan Takatsukasa
|fr      = Clan Takatsukasa
|ru      = Клан Такацукаса
|th      = ตระกูล Takatsukasa
|th_rm   = Tra-kun Takatsukasa
|vi      = Nhà Takatsukasa
|de      = Takatsukasa-Klan
|id      = Klan Takatsukasa
|pt      = Clã Takatsukasa
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[pt-br:Clã Takatsukasa]]