{{Character Infobox
|name             = Takamine
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Inazuma Shogunate
|title            = The Mistsplitter
|title2           = Hatamoto
|title3           = Konbumaru (by the Tengu and Hibiki)
}}
{{Lang|'''Takamine the Mistsplitter'''|ja=霧切高嶺|ja_rm=Kirigiri Takamine}},<ref group="Note">According to Hibiki's narration in [[Hamayumi]], Takamine was his surname. He has not been referred to by his first name.</ref> nicknamed {{Lang|"Konbumaru"|ja=昆布丸}}, was a famous martial artist in [[Inazuma]] who lived five hundred years ago.<ref name="Mistsplitter">{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref><ref group="Note">A [[Nazuchi Beach#Pirate's Diary #4|Pirate's Diary]] on [[Nazuchi Beach]], written by present-day pirates, states that [[Ako Domeki]] lived five hundred years ago. In [[Hamayumi]], which is set some time after Takamine's disappearance/death, Hibiki offers Domeki her assistance. As a result, Takamine lived around that same time period.</ref>

He was [[Asase Hibiki]]'s love interest, although he married a high-ranking samurai's daughter after becoming the [[Raiden Shogun]] [[Baal]]'s {{w|Hatamoto}}.<ref name="EoSF">{{Ref/Arti|Storm Cage}}</ref> Despite later entrusting his bow to Hibiki and wagering his "future" on it, they would never come to see this future &mdash; in battle against the dark forces during the cataclysm, Takamine was overwhelmed and disappeared.<ref name="Mistsplitter" /><ref name="ShiRem">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}</ref>

Takamine was the wielder of [[Mistsplitter Reforged]] and [[Thundering Pulse]].

==Profile==
<!--detailed story/lore information goes here-->
===Personality===
Takamine was a wanderer and a gambler, two traits he never fully rid himself of even after becoming a Hatamoto.<ref name="EoSF" /> His reckless personality may have contributed to his undoing; before setting off with Baal's campaign during the cataclysm, he left his warbow, Thundering Pulse, with Hibiki as his wager for his bet on his victorious return. As a result, when he was fighting alone against the dark forces, he only had his blade to rely on and was overwhelmed after it broke.<ref name="Mistsplitter" />

==Story==
In Takamine's youth, he was wandering around [[Mt. Yougou]] when he came across the Great Tengu [[Reizenbou]] and made a wager with her. The contest ended in a draw with three wins and three losses; Takamine temporarily became the Tengu's servant in exchange for gaining ownership over Thundering Pulse, a bow gifted by the Raiden Shogun [[Baal]].<ref name="ThunPulse">{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref> He followed her to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] where the [[Kitsune Saiguu]], the subject of the great Tengu's protection,<ref name="ShiRem" /><ref name="Hakushin Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring}}</ref> resided, and there he met [[The Yougou Three]], including Hibiki. Takamine and Hibiki grew close, a matter which the Kitsune Saiguu enjoyed teasing her over.<ref name="ShiRem" />

During his servitude to the Tengu, he learned some of her archery and swordplay. Despite priding himself in both fields, he was much more renowned for his skill with his blade. Finding it a shame that his Tengu archery was going to waste, he taught it to Hibiki.<ref name="Mistsplitter" /><ref name="EoSF" /><ref name="ThunPulse" />

After his period of servitude ended, Takamine gained Baal's recognition thanks to a recommendation letter from his master<ref name="ThunPulse" /> and became a Hatamoto. Likely as a result of his station, Takamine later married a high-ranking samurai's daughter. Despite this, he hadn't lost his gambling and wandering habits, which Hibiki scolded him for.<ref name="EoSF" />

===The Cataclysm and Death===
When the [[cataclysm]] struck, Takamine was among those who accompanied Baal on her campaign to the [[abyss]] to against the dark forces.<ref name="Mistsplitter" /><ref name="ThunPulse" /> [[Chiyo]] of the [[Mikoshi Clan]], Baal's Lieutenant, also participated.<ref name="EoSF" /><ref group="Note">Weapon Ascension Material: [[Mask of the One-Horned]] and [[Mask of the Kijin]]<br />''He [Torachiyo] was once a beloved lieutenant of the Shogun, and he followed her into the dark abyssal realms to repel the defiled ones [...]''; Mask of the Kijin reveals that the story of "Torachiyo" is actually Chiyo's story, distorted over time.</ref> The Kitsune Saiguu also fell victim to the dark disaster,<ref name="ShiRem" /><ref name="Hakushin Ring" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Yougou Cleansing}}</ref> although it is unclear whether she personally participated in the campaign.

During the conflict, Takamine was separated from the rest and fought against the dark forces alone. Because he left Thundering Pulse with Hibiki as his wager for his successful return, he had only his Mistsplitter to rely on in battle. After the sword broke, he was overwhelmed and failed to resurface even after the events of the cataclysm ended. Takamine managed to survive and returned to Inazuma many years later, only to be pierced and presumably killed by Hibiki's arrows upon reuniting with her.<ref name="ThunPulse" /> It appears that she viewed her act as "saving" him.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Shaft of Remembrance}}</ref>

===Legacy===
Takamine is still remembered in a popular Inazuman folk song: "Arataki of the Front Gate, [[Iwakura Doukei|Iwakura the Successor]], [[Kitain Bunsou|Kitain the Serpent]], Takamine the Mistsplitter."

After Hibiki returned to [[Asase Shrine]], she often spoke fondly of Takamine to [[Neko]], although she usually referred to him as "Konbumaru." As a result, Neko interpreted the name to have a positive connotation, and has named a cat "[[Konbumaru]]" once per generation ever since.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Neko Is a Cat: The Children}}</ref>

During [[Ako Domeki]]'s rebellion against the Shogunate, his mannerisms and manner of speech reminded Hibiki of Takamine, so she offered him her assistance. Even though he rejected her, she decided to use the "true 'magic'" she learned from the Yougou Tengu to undo a certain seal and use it to wreak havoc on the Shogunate fleet to aid his cause and protect him.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Hamayumi}}</ref>

==Trivia==
*Takamine's nickname, {{Lang|Konbumaru|ja=昆布丸}}, is comprised of {{Lang|mini=1|ja={{wt|昆布||Japanese}}|ja_rm=konbu|ja_tl={{w|kelp}}}} + {{Lang|mini=1|ja=丸|ja_rm=maru}} (a suffix for names).
*When Harunosuke refers to "Mr. Takamine" in the Chinese and Japanese versions, he uses the honorific {{Lang|"Uncle"|zh={{wt|大叔||Chinese}}|zh_rm=dàshū|ja={{wt|おじさん||Japanese}}|ja_rm=oji-san|sort=zh,ja}},<ref name="Araumi Statue">Interactible: [[Earth Kitsune Statue#Araumi|Earth Kitsune Statue]]<br />'''''Someone's Voice:''' "Have you seen Master Tengu, Harunosuke?"''<br />'''''Someone's Voice:''' "No, I haven't. Must be out fighting... But don't worry! This is the chieftain of the Yougou Tengu we're talking about here!"<br />'''''Someone's Voice:''' "I'm more worried about Mr. Takamine. Is he going to be alright?"''<br />'''''Someone's Voice:''' "...Hey, he'll be alright. He made a bet with me, after all..."''</ref> after he became a servant of the Great Tengu in exchange for ownership of [[Thundering Pulse]].<ref name="ThunPulse"/> indicating that Takamine was probably almost a generation older than Harunosuke.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Takamine the Mistsplitter
|zhs     = 雾切高岭
|zhs_rm  = Wùqiē Gāolǐng
|zht     = 霧切高嶺
|zht_rm  = Wùqiē Gāolǐng
|ja      = 霧切高嶺
|ja_rm   = Kirigiri Takamine{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 무절(霧切)의 타카네
|ko_rm   = Mujeol-ui Takane
|es      = Takamine Cortatinieblas
|fr      = Takamine le tranche-brume
|ru      = Такаминэ<!--Такаминэ с Рассекающим туман?-->
|th      = Takamine ผู้เฉือนเมฆหมอก
|th_rm   = Takamine phu chuean mek mok
|vi      = Vết Cắt Sương Mù Takamine
|de      = Takamine, der Nebelspalter
|id      = Takamine si Mistsplitter
|pt      = Takamine Cortador da Névoa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[th:Takamine the Mistsplitter]]