{{Event
|name              = Take part in the Genshin Impact Version 3.6 Sumeru Akademiya event to win Primogems!
|image             = Take part in the Genshin Impact Version 3.6 Sumeru Akademiya event to win Primogems!.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-27 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-14 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18022068
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Version 3.6 has begun, and the grand Akademiya Extravaganza is underway! HoYoLAB has also prepared exclusive content for everyone. Bountiful rewards await, come take part now!}}
'''Take part in the Genshin Impact Version 3.6 Sumeru Akademiya event to win Primogems!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
Part 1 - Select Your Darshan: April 27, 2023 10:00:00 – May 4, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Part 2 - Sharing Event: April 27, 2023 10:00:00 – May 14, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate==
Part 1 - Select Your Darshan: During the event period, select and join your Darshan by participating in the poll under this post. Feel free to share your reasons for joining this Darshan in the comments!<br>
Part 2 - Sharing Event: During the event period, post your event anecdotes under the topic #Sumeru Akademiya Extravaganza. There are no limits to the format of your post (images, text, videos, etc.), so come and take part in the sharing event!

==Event Rewards==
* HoYoLAB Sumeru Akademiya Extravaganza Avatar Frame
** Take part in Part 1 - Select Your Darshan to obtain. The avatar frames will be issued before May 11.
* Primogem reward: Primogems ×100 (100 winners)
** Take part in Part 2 of the Sharing event and share your event anecdotes to participate in the prize draw.
* HoYoLAB Sumeru Akademiya Profile Page Background
** Take part in Part 2 - Sharing Event. The prizes will be sent before May 20.

==Notes==
# Each user can get a maximum of one HoYoLAB avatar frame and one HoYoLAB profile page background.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contains any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}