{{Event
|name              = Take Part in "The Recollector's Path" Event Discussion and Win Primogems!
|image             = The Recollector's Path Event Discussion.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-05-08 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-22 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18381232
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>"[[The Recollector's Path]]" event has already begun, has everyone already encountered the Pari Sorush?<br>During this event, Travelers will help Sorush pass through multiple trials, understand the role of a Pari "Bloomguard," and become a worthy Bloomguard! It sounds like another adventure filled with meaning and excitement!<br>However, it won't be easy to pass through the trials. How can every single uninvited guest be expelled with limited Nirodha Fruit? Just where exactly are the important locations in our recollections? I don't get it either... and just what are the responsibilities of a Bloomguard? Do you have the answers? From now until May 22, share your tips and tricks for "The Recollector's Path" or your understanding of a Bloomguard's role for a chance to win Primogem prizes!}}
'''Take Part in "The Recollector's Path" Event Discussion and Win Primogems!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
May 8 – May 22 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
The list of winners will be announced in this post after May 29.

==How to Participate==
* Method 1: Use the topic #The Recollectors Path to publish tips for any of the trial challenges in The Recollector's Path. When publishing, be sure the topic clearly includes the event name and trial number, such as "The Recollector's Path, Trial 1, Completion Tips".
* Method 2：In the comment section of this post, share your understanding of a Bloomguard's role, as well as your reasoning (replies to comments are not considered as participating).

Participating using any one of the two methods outlined above is sufficient. There are no limits as to the format of the content shared: text, images, videos...

I will select 100 Travelers, 50 who participated using Method 1 and 50 who participated using Method 2, from among all eligible posts. The winners will be selected based on the quality of the content shared, and each winner will get Primogems ×100!

==Event Rewards==
Method 1: Primogems ×100 (50 winners)<br>
Method 2: Primogems ×100 (50 winners)

==Note==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if a winner deletes their work (including posts or comments), the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}