{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Kaveh
|date               = 2023-07-08
|zh                 = 
;今天是卡维的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''这是给我们的吗？
:'''卡维：'''嗯，画稿的间隙大概构思了一下，如果你们之后想在须弥有个住处，我可以做完整的设计。
:'''卡维：'''别不说话啊…感觉怎么样？
:'''派蒙：'''哇&mdash;&mdash;特别好！
:'''旅行者：'''是兼具美观和舒适的房子，很喜欢。
:'''派蒙：'''没错！我已经想象出住在里面的感觉了！
:'''卡维：'''…这么满意？
:'''派蒙：'''这还能有哪里不满意呀。
:'''卡维：'''唔…其实我很少有一次过稿的经历，多少都要改几次。
:'''卡维：'''你们不会是看在我生日的份上，让我体验一次过稿才故意这么说的吧？
:'''派蒙：'''怎么可能嘛！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「你们不会是看在我生日的份上，让我体验一次过稿才故意这么说的吧？」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Kaveh]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' Is this for us?
:'''Kaveh:''' Yeah, I made some rough plans for the design between some client work. If you two are planning to get a place to stay in Sumeru sometime soon, I can draw up a more detailed design.
:'''Kaveh:''' Don't leave me hanging now... What do you think?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa&mdash; This is amazing!
:'''Traveler:''' It's a design that accounts for both aesthetic beauty and comfort of living. I really like it.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! Paimon can already imagine the both of us living in it! 
:'''Kaveh:''' ...You're ''that'' satisfied?
:'''Paimon:''' Why wouldn't we be?
:'''Kaveh:''' Um... It's actually extremely rare for a client to agree to a first draft. I always end up having to go through at least a few revisions.
:'''Kaveh:''' Wait, you guys aren't doing this just because you want me to know what it's like to have one of my drafts accepted for my birthday, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Why would we do that?!
|dialogue_review_en = "Wait, you guys aren't doing this just because you want me to know what it's like to have one of my drafts accepted for my birthday, right?"
}}