{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Kaedehara Kazuha
|time               = 2022-10-29
|zh                 = 
;今天是枫原万叶的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''没想到走到一半突然下雨了呢。
:'''派蒙：'''不好意思呀，万叶。本来我和旅行者觉得今晚景色不错，正好邀你一起出来走走。
:'''派蒙：'''结果大家现在都被困在草棚里，呜…
:'''枫原万叶：'''无须在意，旅途中各种际遇都值得回味。
:'''枫原万叶：'''而且我听到了云散开的声音，雨或许马上就会停了。
:……
:'''派蒙：'''让我看看…雨确实小了不少，好像还能看到远处的月亮，万叶真厉害！
:'''枫原万叶：'''抬头见月，侧耳听风…真是一番美景。
:'''枫原万叶：'''旅行者、派蒙，谢谢你们邀请我。
|dialogue_review_zh = 抬头见月，侧耳听风…真是一番美景。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' I didn't expect it to rain suddenly before we even got halfway.
:'''Paimon:''' Sorry, Kazuha. The Traveler and I wanted to invite you for a walk because the view was nice this evening.
:'''Paimon:''' But now everyone's stuck under this straw shed...
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Don't worry, every encounter on a journey is worth savoring.
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Besides, I can hear the sound of the clouds dissipating. Perhaps the rain will stop soon.
:...
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... The rain does seem to be dying down. Looks like we can see the moon in the distance! That was impressive, Kazuha!
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Looking at the moon up high, as the winds on our ears pass by... Truly a lovely sight.
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Traveler, Paimon, thank you for inviting me.
|dialogue_review_en = Looking at the moon up high, as the winds on our ears pass by... Truly a lovely sight.
}}

[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/楓原万葉]]