{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Raiden Shogun
|date               = 2023-06-26
|zh                 = 
;今天是雷电将军的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''唔…还是不成功吗…
:'''旅行者：'''这些不全是适合锻造刀剑的矿石，或许我们应该考虑做些别的。
:'''派蒙：'''装饰品怎么样？比如之前那座御…御建…
:'''旅行者：'''「御建鸣神主尊大御所大人像」？
:'''派蒙：'''对对，我说的就是这个！我们可以设计类似的装饰品送给影嘛。
:'''派蒙：'''欸，我是不是眼花了，站在那边的人…是影吗？
:'''影：'''「哎呀，最近不出去散心吗？我听说趁月色到天目锻冶屋附近转转…或许会有不得了的发现哦？」
:'''影：'''原来神子当时这么说，是因为你们。
:'''影：'''无须拘泥于形式和造型，各位的心意就是最好的礼物了。
|en                 = 
;Today is the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... I guess this is still unsucessful...
:'''Traveler:''' Not all of these ores are suitable for forging weapons. Maybe we should consider making something else.
:'''Paimon:''' How about decorations? Such as Statue of Her... Her...
:'''Traveler:''' "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder"?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah yeah, that is what I mean! We can design something similar as a gift for Ei.
:'''Paimon:''' Am I seeing things, or is that person over there... Ei?
:'''Ei:''' "Hey, why not go outside for a walk? I heard that if you go to Amenoma Smithy at night... Maybe you would find something surprising?"
:'''Ei:''' Now that I see you here, what Yae Miko said completely makes sense.
:'''Ei:''' You don't need to be bounded by methods or designs, since your intentions are already the best gifts for me.|dialogue_review_zh=无须拘泥于形式和造型，各位的心意就是最好的礼物了。|dialogue_review_en=You don't need to be bounded by methods or designs, since your intentions are already the best gifts for me.
}}