{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Sucrose
|time               = 2022-11-26
|zh                 = 
;今天是砂糖的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''原来这就是用超甜…超级甜甜花熬制的糖果？
:'''派蒙：'''那我就开动啦&mdash;&mdash;谢谢你，砂糖！
:'''砂糖：'''不…不用客气！应该是我要说谢谢才对。
:'''砂糖：'''有了这些墩墩桃和香辛果，我可以开始新的研究了…谢谢你们从这么远的地方带给我。
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，砂糖喜欢就好。唔&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''好辣！
:'''旅行者：'''说起来，之前把食材递到砂糖时好像有香辛果掉了出来，难道说…？
:'''砂糖：'''欸…欸？可能是我刚才太兴奋了…
:'''旅行者：'''没想到能创造出新口味的糖果，也是很特别的发现呢。
:'''派蒙：'''第一次吃到香辛果做的糖，感觉很有意思！嘶…
|dialogue_review_zh = 有了这些墩墩桃和香辛果，我可以开始新的研究了…
|en                 =
;Today is [[Sucrose]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' So this is candy made from the Extra Sweet&mdash; Super [[Sweet Flower]]s?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's gonna try some then! Thank you, Sucrose!
:'''Sucrose:''' D&mdash;Don't mention it, I should be the one thanking you two.
:'''Sucrose:''' With these [[Zaytun Peach]]es and [[Henna Berry|Henna Berries]], I can start doing some new research... Thank you for bringing these from so far away.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, as long as you like it. *nom*&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' It's so spicy!
:'''Traveler:''' Speaking of which, when we were handing the ingredients to Sucrose, some Henna Berries fell out. Do you think...?
:'''Sucrose:''' Huh... Huh? Maybe I got too excited earlier...
:'''Traveler:''' I mean I didn't expect to make a new candy flavor. That's a pretty special discovery.
:'''Paimon:''' This is the first time Paimon's had a Henna Berry candy. It's super interesting! Phew...
|dialogue_review_en = With these Zaytun Peaches and Henna Berries, I can start doing some new research...
}}

[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/スクロース]]