{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Wriothesley
|date               = 2023-11-23
|zh                 = 
;今天是莱欧斯利的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''让本名侦探派蒙看看，还有没有遗留的贴纸&mdash;&mdash;嗯嗯，干干净净，一张都没有了~
:'''旅行者：'''确实，焕然一新。&mdash;&mdash;好茶。
:'''莱欧斯利：'''辛苦了，美露莘们总是到处粘贴纸，有些粘在不显眼的位置很难找。&mdash;&mdash;旅行者，再来点茶？
:'''旅行者：'''好的，谢谢。
:'''派蒙：'''让我看看，我找到了二十九张，旅行者五张，莱欧斯利两张，我赢啦！
:'''派蒙：'''刚才怎么说来着，输的两个人要请找到贴纸最多的人吃饭&mdash;&mdash;你们要请我吃大餐哦？
:'''莱欧斯利：'''不愧是名侦探派蒙。&mdash;&mdash;这是手下从国外带回的新茶，还不错吧？
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙太厉害了，我完全找不到&mdash;&mdash;这茶确实不错，回味甘甜。
:'''派蒙：'''哼哼！不愧是我。好累哦，要大吃一顿才能恢复…
:'''莱欧斯利：'''好了休息够了，去巡视转一圈吧。等巡视结束一起去吃饭，我已经给韦尔赛打招呼了，备了豪华福利餐。
:'''派蒙：'''好耶！
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙，福&mdash;&mdash;利&mdash;&mdash;餐&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''咦，那岂不是免费…怪不得你们这么划水，等下要把你们的好吃的都抢过来！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「等巡视结束一起去吃饭，我已经给韦尔赛打招呼了，备了豪华福利餐。」
|en                 = 
;Today is [[Wriothesley]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Let Ace Detective Paimon have a look and see if there are any stray stickers&mdash; Mmm! It's all clean, not a single one left~
:'''Traveler:''' Yup, good as new. &mdash;This is some good tea.
:'''Wriothesley:''' Thank you both. The [[Melusine]]s are always leaving stickers around everywhere. They can be hard to find when they're stuck in places that are usually out of sight. &mdash;Some more tea, Traveler?
:'''Traveler:''' Sure, thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see. Paimon found twenty-nine stickers, Traveler found five stickers, and Wriothesley found two stickers. Paimon wins!
:'''Paimon:''' What did we say? Losers have to treat the person who finds the most stickers to a meal? &mdash;Are you two going to treat me to a nice meal? 
:'''Wriothesley:''' That's Ace Detective Paimon for you. &mdash;One of my workers brought this tea back from abroad. It's quite nice, isn't it?
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon's so impressive. There's no way I would've been able to find that many stickers. &mdash;This tea is lovely. It leaves behind a very pleasant aftertaste.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon knew she could do it! Paimon's super tired now though. Time to recharge with a big meal...
:'''Wriothesley:''' Alright, that's enough of a break. I'm going to go for a round of patrols, and then we can sit down and eat. I've already told [[Wolsey]] to prepare a few Super Deluxe [[Welfare Meal]]s for us.
:'''Paimon:''' Yay!
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon, Wel&mdash;fare&mdash; Meals&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, aren't those free...? No wonder the both of you were slacking off! Oh, Paimon's going to steal all your delicious food!
|dialogue_review_en = "I'm going to go for a round of patrols, and then we can sit down and eat. I've already told Wolsey to prepare a few Super Deluxe Welfare Meals for us."
}}