{{Event Tabs|story=no}}
{{China Only}}
{{Event
|name              = Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times
|image             = Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-03 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-03-01 00:00:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/news/detail/20339
|link2             = https://webstatic.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20220303-birthday/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Qiqi;Shenhe;Xianyun;Barbara;Klee;Jean;Traveler;Paimon;Noelle;Xiao;Diluc;Gorou;Yun Jin;Fischl;Arataki Itto;Lisa;Venti;Raiden Shogun;Yae Miko;Okazaki Rikuto;Kujou Sara;Shikanoin Heizou;Kuki Shinobu;Yanfei;Genta;Mamoru
}}

{{Lang|'''Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times''' ''(unofficial name)''|zh=留影叙佳期|zh_rm=Liúyǐng Xù Jiāqī}} is a Chinese-exclusive [[Web Event]] celebrating ''Genshin Impact'' characters' birthdays.

==Event Details==
<!--===Duration===
* -->
===Requirements===
* An account UID from one of the ''Genshin Impact'' Chinese servers, and
* An account on miHoYo BBS

===Summary===
* Players may select either [[Traveler]], talk to the featured ''Genshin Impact'' character, and take photos with them on their [[birthday]].

===Event Notes===
* If the player misses a character's birthday, the respective page in {{Lang|mini=1|zh=我的画片}} ("My Photos") will contain a blurry photo instead of the normal one and will not have a {{Lang|mini=1|zh=回看对白}} ("Dialogue Review").
* The next birthday is shown in a pop-up message:
** {{Lang|mini=1|zh={M}月{D}日，我们不见不散~}} ("See you on {date}~")
* When multiple characters share the same birthday, this message is displayed:
::{| class="wikitable" width="100%"
! width="50%" | Chinese
! width="50%" | Translation
|-
|{{Dialogue Start|lang=zh}}
;今天是{Character 1}和{Character 2}的生日，我们先为谁庆祝呢？
:{{DIcon}} {Character 1}
:;接下来我们去为{Character 2}庆祝吧！
:{{DIcon}} {Character 2}
:;接下来我们去为{Character 1}庆祝吧！
;有新的画片收录进来啦！快去看看吧~
{{Dialogue End}}
|{{Dialogue Start}}
;Today is {Character 1} and {Character 2}'s birthday, who should we celebrate with first?
:{{DIcon}} {Character 1}
:;Let's celebrate with {Character 2} next!
:{{DIcon}} {Character 2}
:;Let's celebrate with {Character 1} next!
;New photos have been recorded! Let's check it out~
{{Dialogue End}}
|}
* On [[Kamisato Ayato]]'s birthday in 2022, this pop-up message appeared, as he would not be released until several days later:
** {{zh|欸，3月26日，好像错过了什么…}} ("Um... feels like we missed something on March 26th...")
* [[Aloy]] is not featured in this event.

==List of Stories==
{{#DPL:
|namespace=
|ordermethod=title
|titlematch=Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times%
|uses=Template:TPRGT Stories by Category Table
|format=²{Card List¦delim=;¦1=,{²{Replace¦%PAGE%¦s1=Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times/¦s2=/%d+%-%d+%-%d+}² $link=%PAGE%};,,}²
}}

==Recent Stories==
{{#DPL:
|count         = 5
|namespace     = 
|category      = TPRGT Stories by Date
|ordermethod   = sortkey
|order         = descending
|uses          = Template:TPRGT Story
|include       = {TPRGT Story}:date,{TPRGT Story¦TPRGT Story}
|format        = ,²{,}²²{Reflist¦note=1}²,<!-- braces have to be here due to the way phantoms are included -->
|tablerow      = <!--
-->#if:<!--
   -->²{#if:²{#var:_DATE¦}²<!--
      -->¦²{#ifeq:²{#var:_DATE¦}²¦%%<!--
         -->¦yes<!--
         -->¦<!--
      -->}²<!--
      -->¦²{#vardefine:_DATE¦%%}²yes<!--
   -->}²<!--
  -->¦²{Main¦%PAGE%}²,<!--
-->
}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真]]
[[uk:Фотографії та розповіді про гарні часи]]
[[vi:Bức Ảnh Lưu Giữ Ngày Hẹn Hò]]