{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Dori
|date               = 2022-12-21
|zh                 = 
;今天是多莉的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''多莉：'''赚呀赚呀赚摩拉，亮晶晶的摩拉少不了，看一看呀数一数，只要有摩拉就没烦恼~
:'''多莉：'''哎呀，这不是大名鼎鼎的旅行者，还有…旁边的小吉祥物嘛！
:'''派蒙：'''喂！
:'''多莉：'''等等，你们手上拿的莫非就是…
:'''旅行者：'''摩拉肉。
:'''多莉：'''送给我的吗？干得不错，快让我尝尝&mdash;&mdash;
:'''多莉：'''嗯！味道真棒！只不过摩拉肉里没有摩拉呢。
:'''派蒙：'''渔人吐司里没有渔人，黄金蟹里面也没有黄金呀！
:'''多莉：'''也对，如果用摩拉做原料，再把它卖掉去赚摩拉，不就得不偿失了嘛。
:'''多莉：'''但如果把一份普普通通的商品用「摩拉」包装一下，就可以获得百倍利润…
:'''多莉：'''比如在盘子底部印上摩拉的符号，再做一些宣传：「每天用它吃饭，就能招财进宝，日进斗金。」
:'''多莉：'''嘿嘿，发现新商机！
:'''多莉：'''怎么样，旅行者，心动了吧？
:'''多莉：'''你是第一个顾客，可以给你打八折优惠哦！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「嘿嘿，发现新商机！」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Dori]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Dori:''' Making Mora, making Mora, can't live without shiny Mora. Counting Mora, counting Mora, no worries if you have Mora~
:'''Dori:''' Oh! Well if it isn't the famed Traveler... and their mascot too!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey!
:'''Dori:''' Wait, that thing you're holding... Is that what I think it is?
:'''Traveler:''' [[Mora Meat]]?
:'''Dori:''' Is that for me? Well done. Quick, let me try some&mdash;
:'''Dori:''' Mmm! This tastes delicious! But there isn't any Mora in this Mora Meat.
:'''Paimon:''' [[Fisherman's Toast]] doesn't have fishermen, and [[Golden Crab]] doesn't have gold either!
:'''Dori:''' That's true. If you use Mora as an ingredient, then sell it for Mora, you would lose more than you make.
:'''Dori:''' But if you instead sell a plain old product with Mora branding, you can make a huge profit...
:'''Dori:''' So if you print a Mora symbol at the bottom of a plate, then do some marketing like "Usher in tons of treasure and gold, if your meals you use this plate to hold."
:'''Dori:''' Hehe, I've discovered a new business opportunity!
:'''Dori:''' What do you think, Traveler? Are you captivated by this product?
:'''Dori:''' Since you're the first customer, I can give you a 20% discount!
|dialogue_review_en = "Hehe, I've discovered a new business opportunity!"
}}



<!-- interwikis -->
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/ドリー]]