{{EventTabs}}

The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] come celebrate Genshin Impact characters' [[birthday]]s.

'''Note:''' The following translations are unofficial.

==Notes==
* If the player misses a character's birthday, the respective page in {{Lang|mini=1|zh=我的画片}} ("My Photos") will contain a blurry photo instead of the normal one and will not have a {{Lang|mini=1|zh=回看对白}} ("Dialogue Review").
* The next birthday is shown in a pop-up message:
** {{Lang|mini=1|zh={M}月{D}日，我们不见不散~}} ("See you on {date}~")
* When multiple characters share the same birthday date this message is displayed:
::{| class="wikitable" width="100%"
! width="50%" | Chinese
! width="50%" | Translation
|-
|{{Dialogue start|no_indent=1|lang=zh}}
;今天是{Character 1}和{Character 2}的生日，我们先为谁庆祝呢？
:{{DIcon}} {Character 1}
:;接下来我们去为{Character 2}庆祝吧！
:{{DIcon}} {Character 2}
:;接下来我们去为{Character 1}庆祝吧！
;有新的画片收录进来啦！快去看看吧~
{{Dialogue end}}
|{{Dialogue start|no_indent=1}}
;Today is {Character 1} and {Character 2}'s birthday, who should we celebrate with first?
:{{DIcon}} {Character 1}
:;Let's celebrate with {Character 2} next!
:{{DIcon}} {Character 2}
:;Let's celebrate with {Character 1} next!
;New photos have been recorded! Let's check it out~
{{Dialogue end}}
|}
* For [[Kamisato Ayato]], who was unreleased at the time of his birthday, this pop-up message appeared:
** {{Lang|mini=1|zh=欸，3月26日，好像错过了什么…}} ("Um... feels like we missed something on March 26th...")
* [[Aloy]] is not featured in this event.

==Qiqi==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Qiqi
|time               = 2022-03-03
|zh                 =
;今天是七七的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''七七，好久不见，还记得我们吗？
:'''七七：'''记得。是…旅行者和派蒙。
:'''旅行者：'''我们给你带了椰奶哦。
:'''七七：'''啊…凉凉的，喜欢。谢谢你，派蒙。
:'''派蒙：'''我才是派蒙啦！
:'''派蒙：'''不过，七七好像很开心的样子，太好了~
|dialogue_review_zh = 啊…凉凉的，喜欢。谢谢你，派蒙。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Qiqi]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Qiqi, we haven't seen you in a while! Do you still remember us?
:'''Qiqi:''' Yes... Traveler and Paimon.
:'''Traveler:''' We brought coconut milk for you.
:'''Qiqi:''' Ah... nice and cold. I like it. Thank you, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, I'm Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' But Qiqi looks like she's happy. Isn't that nice?
|dialogue_review_en = Ah... nice and cold. I like it. Thank you, Paimon.
}}

==Shenhe==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Shenhe
|time               = 2022-03-10
|zh                 = 
;今天是申鹤的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''申鹤，今天是你的生日，旅行者特地为你煮了面哦！
:'''申鹤：'''这是…
:'''旅行者：'''听说在璃月部分人家中有生日吃面这种习俗。
:'''申鹤：'''嗯…
:'''旅行者：'''怎么了？
:'''申鹤：'''没什么。味道很好，谢谢。
|dialogue_review_zh = 听说在璃月部分人家中有生日吃面这种习俗。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Shenhe]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Shenhe, today is your birthday! The Traveler cooked some noodles just for you!
:'''Shenhe:''' This...
:'''Traveler:''' We heard that it's customary in parts of Liyue to celebrate birthdays by eating noodles.
:'''Shenhe:''' Mm...
:'''Traveler:''' What's wrong?
:'''Shenhe:''' Nothing. It tastes good, thanks.
|dialogue_review_en = We heard that it's customary in parts of Liyue to celebrate birthdays by eating noodles.
}}

==Jean==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Jean
|time               = 2022-03-14
|zh                 = 
;今天是琴的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''我听到脚步声了！旅行者和芭芭拉，你们那边好了吗？
:'''旅行者：'''我们准备好了。
:'''派蒙：'''她们来了，三，二，一&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''锵锵，生日快乐！
:'''琴：'''这是…
:'''琴：'''让大家费心了，谢谢。
|dialogue_review_zh = 三，二，一&mdash;&mdash;锵锵，生日快乐！
|en                 =
;Today is [[Jean]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' I can hear footsteps! Traveler, Barbara, are you guys ready?
:'''Traveler:''' We're ready.
:'''Paimon:''' They're coming! Three, two, one...
:'''Paimon:''' Tada! Happy birthday!
:'''Jean:''' This is...
:'''Jean:''' Thank you for your trouble, everyone.
|dialogue_review_en = Three, two, one... Tada! Happy birthday!
}}

==Noelle==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Noelle
|time               = 2022-03-21
|zh                 = 
;今天是诺艾尔的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''诺艾尔：'''呼…今天的工作提前完成了，我们出发吧。
:'''诺艾尔：'''咦？
:'''诺艾尔：'''旅行者，你在干什么？
:'''派蒙：'''哇！等等，现在还不能看！
|dialogue_review_zh = 咦，旅行者，你在干什么？
|en                 =
;Today is [[Noelle]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Noelle:''' Phew... I'm done today's work early. Let's go.
:'''Noelle:''' Hm?
:'''Noelle:''' Traveler, what you are doing?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait! You can't look yet!
|dialogue_review_en = Hm? Traveler, what you are doing?
}}

==Xiao==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Xiao
|time               = 2022-04-17
|zh                 = 
;今天是魈的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''魈：'''你们来了。
:'''魈：'''……
:'''魈：'''这曲调，让我想起一些往事。
|dialogue_review_zh = 这曲调，让我想起一些往事。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Xiao]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Xiao:''' You're here.
:'''Xiao:''' ...
:'''Xiao:''' This tune... it brings up some old memories.
|dialogue_review_en = This tune... it brings up some old memories.
}}

==Diluc==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Diluc
|time               = 2022-04-30
|zh                 = 
;今天是迪卢克的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''迪卢克：'''比预想中提前了一些完成，谢谢帮忙。
:'''迪卢克：'''埃泽已经开始筹备今晚的宴会了，我先回去。
:'''迪卢克：'''晚上见。
|dialogue_review_zh = 埃泽已经开始筹备今晚的宴会了，我先回去。晚上见。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Diluc]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Diluc:''' We've finished up earlier than I expected. Thank you for your help.
:'''Diluc:''' [[Elzer]] has already started to prepare for this evening's dinner party, so I'll head back first.
:'''Diluc:''' I'll see you then.
|dialogue_review_en = Elzer has already started to prepare for this evening's dinner party, so I'll head back first. I'll see you then.
}}

==Gorou==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Gorou
|time               = 2022-05-18
|zh                 = 
;今天是五郎的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''你们走快点呀，到了山顶就能坐下来一起吃蛋糕了！
:'''五郎：'''派蒙很有干劲呢，要来场登山比赛吗？
:'''派蒙：'''好，比就比，输的人要让对方摸摸尾巴！
:'''旅行者：'''可是派蒙没有尾巴。
:'''派蒙：'''那就…那就摸耳朵！
:'''派蒙：'''哼哼，派蒙是不会输的~那句话怎么说来着…
:'''派蒙：'''「飞，比跑快吧？」
:'''五郎：'''气势不错嘛！那就一起向着顶峰全力前进吧！
|dialogue_review_zh = 一起向着顶峰全力前进吧！
|en                 =
;Today is [[Gorou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Hurry up, guys! When we get to the top of the mountain, we can sit down and have cake together!
:'''Gorou:''' Paimon sure is excited. Do you want to have a race to the top?
:'''Paimon:''' Sure, bring it on! Loser has to let the other person touch their tail!
:'''Traveler:''' But Paimon doesn't have a tail.
:'''Paimon:''' Then&mdash; ears then!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon isn't going to lose~ What's that saying again?
:'''Paimon:''' "Wouldn't gliding be faster?"<ref group="Note">This line references Venti's [[Venti/Voice-Overs#Sprint Start|sprint voice-over]]. [[Venti/Voice-Overs/Chinese#冲刺开始|In Chinese]], it is literally "Flying is faster than running, right?"</ref>
:'''Gorou:''' That's quite the spirit! Let's forge ahead to the top together then!
|dialogue_review_en = Let's forge ahead to the top together!
}}

==Yun Jin==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Yun Jin
|time               = 2022-05-21
|zh                 = 
;今天是云堇的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''云堇，生日快乐！
:'''云堇：'''呀，是旅行者和派蒙，谢谢你们。
:'''派蒙：'''我们一直想着要送你一份特别的生日礼物，想了好久好久…
:'''派蒙：'''最后试着写了一场「戏」！
:'''旅行者：'''是以你为原型的故事。想现在唱给你听，可以吗？
:'''云堇：'''当然可以，我很期待！
|dialogue_review_zh = 这是以你为原型的故事。想现在唱给你听，可以吗？
|en                 =
;Today is [[Yun Jin]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Happy birthday, Yun Jin!
:'''Yun Jin:''' Oh, it's the Traveler and Paimon. Thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' We've been wanting to give you a special present and we were thinking for a long, long time...
:'''Paimon:''' And we ended up trying to write an opera!
:'''Traveler:''' It's a story based on you. Do you think I could perform for you right now?
:'''Yun Jin:''' Of course, I can't wait!
|dialogue_review_en = This is a story based on you. Do you think I could perform for you right now?
}}

==Fischl==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Fischl
|time               = 2022-05-27
|zh                 = 
;今天是菲谢尔的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''菲谢尔，奥兹！你们好，我们来赴约啦！
:'''菲谢尔：'''不愧是被命运之丝引至我身前的祝圣之人，能将吾之旨意铭记于心。
:'''旅行者：'''菲谢尔，生日快乐。
:'''菲谢尔：'''谢谢！
:'''菲谢尔：'''唔！咳咳…
:'''菲谢尔：'''在这幽星闪烁之日，本皇女恩许你们，随我一同见证这世间万象的因果与命运！
:'''奥兹：'''小姐的意思是，现在时间还早，她想和你们一起四处逛逛。
:'''旅行者：'''荣幸至极！
|dialogue_review_zh = 在这幽星闪烁之日，本皇女恩许你们，随我一同见证这世间万象的因果与命运！
|en                 =
;Today is [[Fischl]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Fischl, Oz! We're here as promised!
:'''Fischl:''' I expected no less from the one who was brought before me by the threads of fate and blessed by the Prinzessin. You have engraved in your mind my command.
:'''Traveler:''' Happy birthday, Fischl.
:'''Fischl:''' Thank you!
:'''Fischl:''' Um! Ahem...
:'''Fischl:''' Upon this day of glimmering stars, the Prinzessin permits you to accompany her to witness the fate and destiny of the phenomena of this world!
:'''Oz''': What mein Fräulein means is that it's still early and she wants to take a walk with you.
:'''Traveler:''' My pleasure!
|dialogue_review_en = Upon this day of glimmering stars, the Prinzessin permits you to accompany her to witness the fate and destiny of the phenomena of this world!
}}

==Arataki Itto==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Arataki Itto
|time               = 2022-06-01
|zh                 = 
:'''荒泷一斗：'''哟！我的挚友啊，欢迎来到「荒泷天下独尊一斗的生日豪歌会」！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''你们是今天到场的第七位和第八位客人！
:'''派蒙：'''居、居然有这么多人！还有谁来了呀？
:'''荒泷一斗：'''既然你诚心诚意地发问了，本大爷就也诚心诚意地告诉你！听好了…
:'''荒泷一斗：'''一共八位，除了我们三个之外，还有鬼婆婆、阿晃、阿守、元太、阿忍…
:'''荒泷一斗：'''对了，还有阿丑！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''欸…
:'''荒泷一斗：'''这不是有九位嘛，哈哈哈哈！
:'''派蒙：'''阿丑也算啊！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''那当然！阿丑可是荒泷派的编外成员。
:'''荒泷一斗：'''来，你们俩别不好意思，站到这里，把内心的豪情和对本大爷的祝福都唱出来！
|dialogue_review_zh = 欢迎来到「荒泷天下独尊一斗的生日豪歌会」！
|en                 =
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, pal! Welcome to "Arataki 'The One and Oni' Itto's Glorious Singing Party"!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' You guys are the seventh and eighth guests to show up today!
:'''Paimon:''' There&mdash;there were actually that many people!? Who else came today?
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Since you asked so sincerely, I will answer you sincerely as well! Listen carefully...
:'''Arataki Itto:''' There's a total of eight people. Other than us three, there was [[Granny Oni]], [[Akira]], [[Mamoru]], [[Genta]], [[Kuki Shinobu|Shinobu]]...
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Oh right, there's also [[Ushi]]!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Hm...
:'''Arataki Itto:''' That makes it nine, doesn't it? Hahahaha!
:'''Paimon:''' Ushi counts too!?
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Of course! Ushi is an auxiliary member of the Arataki Gang, you know.
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Come, don't be shy! Stand here and sing out all your innermost aspirations and your blessings for me!
|dialogue_review_en = Welcome to "Arataki 'The One and Oni' Itto's Glorious Singing Party"!
}}

==Paimon==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Paimon
|time               = 2022-06-01
|zh                 = 
:'''派蒙：'''说起来，这已经是和你一起度过的第二个生日了呢！
:'''派蒙：'''过去的一年里，我们共同走过了好多地方，比如&mdash;&mdash;
:'''旅行者：'''有神秘的海岛冒险。
:'''派蒙：'''那时我们在海边烧烤…
:'''旅行者：'''在稻妻结交了很多新朋友。
:'''派蒙：'''吃到了好多好吃的…
:'''旅行者：'''还在层岩巨渊下发现了许多秘密。
:'''派蒙：'''见到了会说话的大蘑菇…
:'''旅行者：'''呃…你是不是又饿了？
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，被发现了。
:'''派蒙：'''那么接下来，就有请善良可爱的，我最好的伙伴，带我去吃蛋糕吧！
|dialogue_review_zh = 这已经是和你一起度过的第二个生日了呢！
|en                 =
:'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, this is already the second birthday I've spent with you!
:'''Paimon:''' In the past year, we've been to so many places together. Like...
:'''Traveler:''' The mysterious island adventures.
:'''Paimon:''' Where we had a barbecue by the sea...
:'''Traveler:''' We made lots of friends in Inazuma.
:'''Paimon:''' And had a lot of yummy food...
:'''Traveler:''' We also discovered quite a few secrets in The Chasm.
:'''Paimon:''' And met a giant talking mushroom...
:'''Traveler:''' Umm... are you hungry again?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you saw right through me.
:'''Paimon:''' So, how about we have the kind-hearted and lovable &mdash; my best companion &mash; bring me to have some cake!
|dialogue_review_en = This is already the second birthday I've spent with you!
}}

==Lisa==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Lisa
|time               = 2022-06-09
|zh                 = 
;今天是丽莎的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''丽莎：'''是小可爱啊，午安。好久不见你们了呢。
:'''旅行者：'''生日快乐！
:'''丽莎：'''呵呵，谢谢你们的礼物。
:'''丽莎：'''现在时间还早，不如坐下来喝杯茶，陪姐姐聊聊天吧？
|dialogue_review_zh = 现在时间还早，不如坐下来喝杯茶，陪姐姐聊聊天吧？
|en                 =
;Today is [[Lisa]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Lisa:''' Good afternoon, cuties. I haven't seen you two in a while.
:'''Traveler:''' Happy birthday!
:'''Lisa:''' Hehe, thank you for the gift.
:'''Lisa:''' It's still early out. How about you sit down for a cup of tea and have a chat with me?
|dialogue_review_en = It's still early out. How about you sit down for a cup of tea and have a chat with me?
}}

==Venti==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Venti
|time               = 2022-06-16
|zh                 = 
;今天是温迪的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''快看，是卖唱的！
:'''温迪：'''嘿，我刚刚还想着你们什么时候会来呢。
:'''旅行者：'''温迪，今天是你的生日。
:'''旅行者：'''有什么生日愿望，或者想要做的事情吗？
:'''温迪：'''嗯…那就陪我一起聊聊天，散散步，要是能再去喝一杯就好了。
:'''派蒙：'''都是些平常的事情…我还以为神明的生日愿望会更有「噼咔」的感觉呢…
:'''温迪：'''欸嘿，那种「噼咔」的感觉，不是来自于做了什么事情，而是来自于陪伴在身边的人。
:'''温迪：'''对吧，旅行者？
|dialogue_review_zh = 那种「噼咔」的感觉，不是来自于做了什么事情，而是来自于陪伴在身边的人。对吧，旅行者？
|en                 =
;Today is [[Venti]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Look, it's the Tone-Deaf Bard!
:'''Venti:''' Heh, I was just wondering when you two would get here.
:'''Traveler:''' Venti, it's your birthday today.
:'''Traveler:''' Do you have any birthday wishes or anything you want to do?
:'''Venti:''' Mmm... Then stay with me to chat and walk around. If we could go for a drink after, that would be great.
:'''Paimon:''' These are all pretty normal... I would've thought a god's birthday wishes would have more of that "boom shaka-laka."
:'''Venti:''' Hehe, that "boom shaka-laka" isn't from what you're doing, but who you're doing it with.
:'''Venti:''' Right, Traveler?
|dialogue_review_en = That "boom shaka-laka" isn't from what you're doing, but who you're doing it with. Right, Traveler?
}}

==Yoimiya==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Yoimiya
|time               = 2022-06-21
|zh                 = 
;今天是宵宫的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''宵宫：'''晚上好啊，你们来得正好，现在是最合适观赏烟花的时间！
:'''派蒙：'''宵宫&mdash;&mdash;！
:'''宵宫：'''嗯？什么什么？
:'''派蒙：'''今天是你的生日！我们想对你说&mdash;&mdash;
|dialogue_review_zh = 宵宫，今天是你的生日！我们想对你说&mdash;&mdash;
|en                 =
;Today is [[Yoimiya]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Good evening, you guys are here just on time! It's the perfect time to watch fireworks!
:'''Paimon:''' Yoimiya&mdash;!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Hmm? What is it?
:'''Paimon:''' It's your birthday today! And we want to say&mdash;
|dialogue_review_en = Yoimiya, it's your birthday today! And we want to say&mdash;
}}

==Raiden Shogun==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Raiden Shogun
|time               = 2022-06-26
|zh                 = 
;今天是雷电将军的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''八重神子：'''怎么样？读了这本《转生成为雷电将军，然后天下无敌》，你有什么感想吗？
:'''影：'''嗯…想法很有趣，没想到在一般民众眼里，将军会是这样的形象。
:'''八重神子：'''什么呀，真冷淡。不喜欢的话， 我这里还有本《拜托了我的狐仙宫司》哦。
:'''八重神子：'''是八重堂限量发售的珍藏纪念版，扉页还有我的亲笔签名呢。
:'''影：'''你啊…
:'''派蒙：'''什么什么？让我看看…
:'''派蒙：'''呜哇！
|dialogue_review_zh = 怎么样？读了这本《转生成为雷电将军，然后天下无敌》，你有什么感想吗？
|en                 =
;Today is the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Yae Miko:''' How is it? Having read "[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]," what are your impressions?
:'''Ei:''' Mmm... The idea behind it is quite interesting. I did not expect the Shogun to have this kind of image in the eyes of ordinary people.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Oh come now, what a cold response. If this isn't to your liking, I also have a copy of "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]" right here.
:'''Yae Miko:''' It's a rare commemorative limited-edition copy sold by the [[Yae Publishing House]], the title page even has my handwritten signature.
:'''Ei:''' You...
:'''Paimon:''' What is it, what is it? Let me have a look...
:'''Paimon:''' Woah!
|dialogue_review_en = How is it? Having read "[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]," what are your impressions?
}}

==Yae Miko==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Yae Miko
|time               = 2022-06-27
|zh                 = 
;今天是八重神子的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''哇&mdash;&mdash;我们一进门，大家的目光全都聚集过来了！
:'''旅行者：'''毕竟雷电将军和八重宫司同时出现在这里了。
:'''八重神子：'''呵呵，说得好像是什么严肃的会面一样。
:'''八重神子：'''不过，倒确实难得见到影出来闲逛呢。
:'''八重神子：'''那就点一份{{sic|牛奶团子}}来庆祝吧。
:'''八重神子：'''嗯…可惜，这家店的菜单上好像没有呢，只能麻烦你们跑一趟啦。
:'''八重神子：'''快去，快去。
:'''派蒙：'''咦？怎么突然…
|dialogue_review_zh = 那就点一份牛奶团子来庆祝吧。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Yae Miko]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa&mdash;&mdash; The moment we walked through the door, everyone started staring at us!
:'''Traveler:''' After all, the Raiden Shogun and Yae Guuji are both here at the same time.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, you put it as though this is some sort of solemn meeting.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Although, it is indeed rare for Ei to come out for a stroll like this.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Let us order some [[Dango Milk]] to celebrate.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Mmm... It's too bad that this store doesn't seem to have it on the menu. We'll have to trouble you both to go fetch some.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Go, go.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why the sudden...
|dialogue_review_en = Let us order some [[Dango Milk]] to celebrate.
}}

==Barbara==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Barbara
|time               = 2022-07-05
|zh                 = 
;今天是芭芭拉的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：''' 芭芭拉的歌声一直都那么动听。
:'''芭芭拉： '''谢谢你们来陪我排练。能得到「荣誉骑士」的夸奖，我很开心。
:'''{{sic|芭芭拉}}：''' 收到了这&mdash;&mdash;么多礼物，看来芭芭拉相当受欢迎呢！
:'''芭芭拉： '''嗯…所以我也要努力回应大家的期待才行。
:'''芭芭拉： '''今晚的演出，我一定会好好加油的！
|dialogue_review_zh = 今晚的演出，我一定会好好加油的！
|en                 =
;Today is [[Barbara]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Traveler:''' Barbara's singing is always so melodious.
:'''Barbara:''' Thank you both for keeping me company while I rehearse. I'm very happy to be complimented by the "Honorary Knight."
:'''{{sic|Barbara}}:''' Looking at all these presents, it seems like Barbara is really popular!<ref group="Note">The speaker of this line is Paimon, though the transcript mistakenly identifies the speaker as Barbara.</ref>
:'''Barbara:''' Mmm... So I need to work hard to respond to everyone's expectations.
:'''Barbara:''' I will definitely try my best during tonight's performance!
|dialogue_review_en = I will definitely try my best during tonight's performance!
}}

==Kujou Sara==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Kujou Sara
|time               = 2022-07-14
|zh                 = 
;今天是九条裟罗的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''裟罗，快看我们给你带了什么礼物！
:'''派蒙：'''锵锵&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''最新款的御，御…
:'''九条裟罗：'''是「御建鸣神主尊大御所大人像」。
:'''派蒙：'''对对，我们可是花了好大力气才抢到的！
:'''九条裟罗：'''二位费心了。这次的「御建鸣神主尊大御所大人像」只限现场抢购，可惜我有公务在身，未能到场。没想到竟能…
:'''九条裟罗：'''非常感谢二位。
|dialogue_review_zh = 这次的『御建鸣神主尊大御所大人像』只限现场抢购，可惜我有公务在身，未能到场。没想到竟能…
|en                 =
;Today is [[Kujou Sara]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Sara, quick! Come look at our present for you!
:'''Paimon:''' Tada&mdash;&mdash;!
:'''Paimon:''' It's the newest model of the Statue of... of...
:'''Kujou Sara:''' "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder."
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that! It took us a lot of effort to get it, you know!
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Thank you for the trouble, you two. The Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder this time was limited to a doorbuster sale, but I had official duties to attend to and wasn't able to go. I never thought that I would...
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Thank you so much, you two.
|dialogue_review_en = The Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder this time was limited to a doorbuster sale, but I had official duties to attend to and wasn't able to go. I never thought that I would...
}}

==Hu Tao==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Hu Tao
|time               = 2022-07-15
|zh                 = 
;今天是胡桃的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''胡桃到底跑去哪儿呀…
:'''派蒙：'''这么晚，街上一个人都没有，她该不会还在无妄坡闲逛吧？
:'''旅行者：'''我们去找她。
:'''派蒙：'''要…要去那个阴森森的地方吗？
:'''派蒙：'''你…你要保护我哦！万一有什么「奇怪的东西」突然窜出来…
:'''胡桃：'''嗨！
:'''派蒙：'''哇啊啊啊啊！
:'''胡桃：'''欸欸，我有这么吓人吗？别跑呀！
|dialogue_review_zh = 欸欸，我有这么吓人吗？别跑呀！
|en                 =
;Today is [[Hu Tao]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Where on earth did Hu Tao go...?
:'''Paimon:''' It's so late and there's not a single person to be seen on the streets... Surely she can't still be wandering around [[Wuwang Hill]] right?
:'''Traveler:''' Let's go find her.
:'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;We need to go to that dark and creepy place?
:'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You need to protect me, alright? If anything "out of the ordinary" jumps out...
:'''Hu Tao:''' Hi!
:'''Paimon:''' Ahhhh!
:'''Hu Tao:''' Hey, hey! Am I that scary? Stop running away!
|dialogue_review_en = Hey, hey! Am I that scary? Stop running away!
}}

==Tartaglia==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Tartaglia
|time               = 2022-07-20
|zh                 = 
;今天是达达利亚的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''达达利亚在哪里呢？
:'''派蒙：'''找附近的愚人众士兵们问问？等等，湖边那堆雪好奇怪…
:'''达达利亚：'''你们来了，伙伴。
:'''旅行者：'''！
:'''派蒙：'''雪堆说话啦！
:'''达达利亚：'''哈哈，吓到你们了？
:'''达达利亚：'''大雪之后最适合冰钓，今天一定能钓到大鱼。只要再等一会儿&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''他又一动不动了…我们来准备那个吧！
:'''旅行者：'''好的。
:'''派蒙：'''螃蟹…蟹黄…小火…啊火要灭了！我扇扇！
:'''达达利亚：'''嘘…有动静&mdash;&mdash;来吧！
|dialogue_review_zh = 大雪之后最适合冰钓，今天一定能钓到大鱼。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Tartaglia]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' Where's Tartaglia?
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe we should ask the Fatui soldiers nearby? Wait... that pile of snow by the lake looks funny...
:'''Tartaglia:''' You guys are here, comrades.
:'''Traveler:''' !
:'''Paimon:''' The pile of snow is talking!
:'''Tartaglia:''' Haha, did I scare you guys?
:'''Tartaglia:''' The best time to go ice fishing is after heavy snowfall. I'm definitely gonna get a big catch today. I just need to wait a bit longer&mdash;&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' He's as still as a statue again... Let's start preparing that thing!
:'''Traveler:''' Okay.
:'''Paimon:''' [[Crab]]s... [[Crab Roe]]... low heat... Ah, the fire is going out! Let me fan it!
:'''Tartaglia:''' Shh... I feel some tugging&mdash;&mdash; Bring it on!
|dialogue_review_en = The best time to go ice fishing is after heavy snowfall. I'm definitely gonna get a big catch today.
}}

==Shikanoin Heizou==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Shikanoin Heizou
|time               = 2022-07-24
|zh                 = 
;今天是鹿野院平藏的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''哎呀呀，这不是我的搭档和小派蒙嘛，下午好。
:'''旅行者：'''平藏，生日快乐。
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''嘿嘿，真体贴啊，谢谢你们。
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''好香的味道，里面装的是什么？让我猜猜…
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''是「绯樱天妇罗」吧？
:'''旅行者：'''猜对了。
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''不过，烹饪过程似乎不太顺利，你们应该尝试了很多遍。
:'''派蒙：'''你怎么知道…
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''你圆鼓鼓的小肚皮已经告诉我了哦。
:'''派蒙：'''欸？
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''嘴角也还挂着面衣呢。
:'''派蒙：'''欸&mdash;&mdash;
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''哈哈，趁它凉掉之前，我们快找个地方坐下来，一起享用吧。
|dialogue_review_zh = 趁它凉掉之前，我们快找个地方坐下来，一起享用吧。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Shikanoin Heizou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well hello there, if it isn't my dear partner and little Paimon. Good afternoon.
:'''Traveler:''' Happy birthday, Heizou.
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, how thoughtful of you guys. Thanks.
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It smells really good, what's inside? Let me guess...
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's [[Sakura Tempura]], isn't it?
:'''Traveler:''' Correct.
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But it seems like you guys had some trouble cooking it... and tested it a lot of times.
:'''Paimon:''' How did you know...
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Your bulging little belly ratted you out.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh?
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And you still have fried batter around your mouth.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh&mdash;&mdash;
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, let's find a place to sit down and enjoy it together before it gets cold.
|dialogue_review_en = Let's find a place to sit down and enjoy it together before it gets cold.
}}

==Klee==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Klee
|time               = 2022-07-27
|zh                 = 
:'''派蒙：'''草莓，奶油，糖果…完成啦！
:'''可莉：'''好耶，是蹦蹦蛋糕！
:'''派蒙：'''我们快去吧大家喊过来吧！
:'''可莉：'''嗯，走喽！
:'''旅行者：'''啊，等等！你们两个，先擦干净…
:'''旅行者：'''……
:'''旅行者：'''手…
|dialogue_review_zh = 好耶，是蹦蹦蛋糕！
|en                 =
:'''Paimon:''' Strawberries, butter, sweets... We're done!
:'''Klee:''' Yay, it's a Jumpty Dumpty cake!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go and get everyone!
:'''Klee:''' Mmm, let's go!
:'''Traveler:''' Ah, wait! You two, wipe off your hands...
:'''Traveler:''' ...
:'''Traveler:''' First...
|dialogue_review_en = Yay, it's a Jumpty Dumpty cake!
}}

==Kuki Shinobu==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Kuki Shinobu
|time               = 2022-07-27
|zh                 = 
:'''派蒙：'''阿忍，我们做了一顶花环，快看，它和你的眼睛颜色很像呢！你戴上看看…
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，果然适合你，真好看～
:'''久岐忍：'''谢谢，我很喜欢。
:'''久岐忍：'''对了，你们有没有听到什么声音？
:'''派蒙：'''嗯…派蒙刚刚好像确实听到了喊声…
:'''旅行者：'''也许是一斗又把堇瓜烤糊了。
:'''派蒙：'''欸？让他自己想办法啦，我们先把手环编完吧！
|dialogue_review_zh = …你们有没有听到什么声音？
|en                 =
:'''Paimon:''' Shinobu, we made a flower crown, come look, its color is just like your eyes! Let's see how it looks on you...
:'''Paimon:''' Heheh, just as I thought, it suits you! It looks so nice~
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Thank you, I like it very much.
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' By the way, do you guys hear something?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... Paimon thinks she just heard something like a scream...
:'''Traveler:''' Maybe Itto burnt the [[Lavender Melon|Lavender Melons]] he was roasting again.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Then let him figure it out himself, let's finish weaving these bracelets!
|dialogue_review_en = ...Do you guys hear something?
}}

==Yanfei==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Yanfei
|time               = 2022-07-28
|zh                 = 
:'''烟绯：''' 嗯…清淡爽口、口感鲜嫩，还冒着腾腾热气。
:'''烟绯：''' 这顿饭完美符合「豆腐律法」，我给它一百分！
:'''派蒙：''' 嘿嘿，符合你口味就好！
:'''烟绯：''' 作为回报，这是各国律法资料！
:'''烟绯：''' 下次见面时我还可以赠送一次免费的普法课程哟～
|dialogue_review_zh = 这顿饭完美符合『豆腐律法』，我给它一百分！
|en                 =
:'''Yanfei:''' Mmm... Light and refreshing, with a fresh and tender texture. There's even hot steam rising from it.
:'''Yanfei:''' This meal is in perfect accordance with the "Laws of Tofu", I give it one-hundred marks!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, as long as it suits your taste!
:'''Yanfei:''' In return, here is information on the laws of various countries!
:'''Yanfei:''' Next time we meet, I can even give you a class on the basics of law for free~
|dialogue_review_en = This meal is in perfect accordance with the "Laws of Tofu", I give it one-hundred marks!
}}

==Translation Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}