{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Xiangling
|date               = 2022-11-02
|zh                 = 
;今天是香菱的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''香菱：'''…出海找食材，最有趣的就是收网之前你不知道会抓到什么~
:'''派蒙：'''有什么东西在动…伸，伸出来了！
:'''香菱：'''…让我看看，这次能开发出怎样的新菜品呢？
:'''派蒙：'''啊，章鱼，是章鱼&mdash;&mdash;
:'''香菱：'''…来点滑溜溜，黏糊糊的东西…再加点香喷喷的配菜，一定很好吃！&mdash;&mdash;快来吧快来吧！
:'''派蒙：'''哇啊啊&mdash;&mdash;章鱼要跑出来了！派蒙要被章鱼抓走啦！
:'''香菱：'''…嗯？这是什么香味，简直恰到好处！
:'''旅行者：'''等等，我的鱼！
:'''派蒙：'''派蒙要&mdash;&mdash;被&mdash;&mdash;抓&mdash;&mdash;走&mdash;&mdash;啦！可恶！都没人关心一下我嘛？
|dialogue_review_zh = …让我看看，这次能开发出怎样的新菜品呢？
|en                 = 
;Today is [[Xiangling]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Xiangling:''' The most interesting part about getting ingredients from the sea is that you don't know what you're gonna get until you haul in the net~
:'''Paimon:''' There's something mov&mdash; reach&mdash; reaching out!
:'''Xiangling:''' Let's see... what kind of new dishes can I make this time?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, octopus! It's an octopus!
:'''Xiangling:''' Something slimy and sticky... with some nice side dishes... It's bound to be delicious! Come on, hurry up!
:'''Paimon:''' Waaah! The octopus is climbing out! Paimon's gonna get kidnapped by the octopus!
:'''Xiangling:''' ...Hm? What's that amazing smell? It's perfect!
:'''Traveler:''' Wait, my fish!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon &mdash; is &mdash; getting &mdash; kidnapped! Jeez! Does no one care about Paimon!?
|dialogue_review_en = Let's see... what kind of new dishes can I make this time?
}}


<!-- interwikis -->
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/香菱]]