{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Nilou
|date               = 2023-12-03
|zh                 = 
;今天是妮露的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''妮露&mdash;&mdash;祖拜尔先生让我们把这些信交给你。
:'''旅行者：'''听说今天信箱又被塞满了呢。
:'''妮露：'''啊，谢谢你们！观众时常会将对演出的感想写进信里，唔，突然有点紧张…
:'''妮露：'''旅行者、派蒙，如果有时间的话，可以陪我一起看看吗？
:'''派蒙：'''当然没问题！
:'''妮露：'''「妮露小姐就像夜色中绽放的月莲一样皎洁」…「我是从奥摩斯港专程赶来看演出的，真是不虚此行！」…
:'''派蒙：'''看来这次的演出也非常成功呢！嘿嘿。
:'''妮露：'''「生日快乐！演出结束后，兰巴德酒馆见~有你喜欢的甜食哦！」…咦，这封信的落款是…
:'''旅行者：'''咳咳&mdash;&mdash;
|dialogue_review_zh = 「如果有时间的话，可以陪我一起看看吗？」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Nilou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Nilou&mdash; [[Sheikh Zubayr]] asked us to pass you these letters.
:'''Traveler:''' We heard that the mailbox was filled to the brim today too.
:'''Nilou:''' Ah, thank you both! Audience members will often write to us about their thoughts about the performance. Ah, I suddenly feel a little nervous.
:'''Nilou:''' Traveler, Paimon, if you have a moment, would you like to read them with me?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course!
:'''Nilou:''' "Ms. Nilou is as luminous as a [[Nilotpala Lotus]] blooming in the night..." "I came here all the way from [[Port Ormos]] just to catch the performance, and it was so worth it!"
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like your last performance was really successful again! Hehe.
:'''Nilou:''' "Happy birthday! See you at [[Lambad's Tavern]] after the performance~ We've prepared your favorite desserts!" ...Huh, the sender of this letter is...
:'''Traveler:''' Ahem&mdash;
|dialogue_review_en = "If you have a moment, would you like to read them with me?"
}}