{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Nilou
|date               = 2022-12-03
|zh                 = 
;今天是妮露的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''妮露，你刚刚跳的这支舞和正式演出时的感觉不太一样呢！
:'''妮露：'''嗯…平常练习时，我会根据当下的心情对舞步做一些改编。
:'''妮露：'''对了，旅行者。你要不要也一起？
:'''旅行者：'''欸？可是我不会跳须弥的舞…
:'''妮露：'''没关系，请站到这里来。
:'''妮露：'''你看，净善宫旁的那棵大树变得那么小，城里的吆喝声传到这儿也变得模模糊糊。
:'''妮露：'''此刻没有别人，连湖中的鱼儿都去休息了，只有花草和月亮作为你的观众。
:'''妮露：'''这种时候最适合尽情跳舞了！
:'''旅行者：'''妮露…
:'''妮露：'''不必担心动作是否优美，你的舞蹈是独属于你自己的「语言」。试试看！我会认真去理解的。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「不必担心动作是否优美，你的舞蹈是独属于你自己的『语言』。试试看！我会认真去理解的。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Nilou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Nilou, the dance you just did felt kind of different from your official performance!
:'''Nilou:''' Yeah... Usually, when I'm practicing, I try to adapt the dance according to how I feel in the moment.
:'''Nilou:''' Oh right, Traveler. Would you like to dance together?
:'''Traveler:''' Eh? But I don't know any Sumeru dances...
:'''Nilou:''' Don't worry. Please stand here.
:'''Nilou:''' Look. The tree by the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]] seems so tiny from here. The sounds and bustle of the city are also muffled now.
:'''Nilou:''' There's no one else here. Even the fishes in the lake have gone to sleep. Only the surrounding plants and the moon are your captive audience.
:'''Nilou:''' It's the perfect time to dance your heart out!
:'''Traveler:''' Nilou...
:'''Nilou:''' Don't worry about how graceful your movements might look. Your dance is a unique "language" that belongs only to you. Just give it a try! I'll try my best to understand it.
|dialogue_review_en = "Don't worry about how graceful your movements might look. Your dance is a unique 'language' that belongs only to you. Just give it a try! I'll try my best to understand it."
}}


<!-- interwikis -->
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/ニィロウ]]