{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Gorou
|date               = 2023-05-18
|zh                 = 
:'''派蒙：'''五郎&mdash;&mdash;！
:'''五郎：'''你们来了。这个味道…你们涂了什么东西吗？
:'''派蒙：'''其实…这是要送给你的植物精油…
:'''派蒙：'''呜，没有惊喜感了。五郎的鼻子也太灵啦！下次，下次一定要选择无香型的…
:'''五郎：'''哈哈，谢谢你们，有这份心意我就已经很开心了。
:'''五郎：'''说起来，最近我给《闲事月刊》写回信的时候也遇到了类似的问题。有位读者在信中写道&mdash;&mdash;
:'''读者来信：'''「上司最近要过生日了，我们想给他一个惊喜。<br>他的鼻子很灵，蛋糕也好，鲜花也好，总是在我们拿出来之前，就被他发现了。」
:'''读者来信：'''「上司是位温柔又细心的人，他也每次都假装很吃惊的样子配合着我们。但果然还是想看看他发自内心惊喜的表情啊…这次一定要提前做好保密工作！」
:'''读者来信：'''「他的爱好是登山，大家准备凑钱买一套新的登山套装送给他，但是我们不知道该如何挑选…」
:'''旅行者：'''五郎是怎么回复的呢？
:'''五郎：'''正好我也经常登山，就给他们推荐了我正在用的那套，虽然算不上名贵，但胜在结实耐用。
:'''五郎：'''礼物的珍贵在于其中饱含的心意，而不是花费了多少金钱。
:'''五郎：'''咳咳…说回正题。晚饭马上准备好了，我们先进去吧。
:'''五郎：'''欸？门前放着一个盒子…
:'''派蒙：'''一定是士兵们送给你的生日礼物，快打开看看吧！
:'''五郎：'''嗯！
:'''五郎：'''……
:'''五郎：'''噗哈哈哈，原来是他们！
:'''派蒙：'''怎么了？笑什么？里面是什么呀？
:'''五郎：'''是我推荐的那套登山装备。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「噗哈哈哈，原来是他们！」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Gorou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Gorou&mdash;！
:'''Gorou:''' You're here. This smell... Did you guys put something on?
:'''Paimon:''' That's... actually the plant essential oil we were planning to give you...
:'''Paimon:''' *sobs* The surprise is ruined. Your nose is way too good, Gorou! Next time... Next time we'll definitely choose an oil with no fragrance...
:'''Gorou:''' Haha, thank you both. I'm very happy you even thought of me.
:'''Gorou:''' Come to think of it, I encountered a similar problem recently while I was writing a reply for [[Gorou/Lore#Character Story 4|"That's Life"]] magazine. There was a reader who wrote to the magazine, saying&mdash;
:'''Letter From Reader:''' "Our boss' birthday is soon, and we want to prepare a surprise for him.<br>His nose is really sensitive. Be it cake or fresh flowers, he'll always notice what we get him way before we present it to him."
:'''Letter From Reader:''' "Our boss is a gentle and considerate person, so he always goes along with it and acts really surprised every time. But we still want to see his face when he actually gets surprised for once... This time, we'll definitely try our very best to keep it a secret!"
:'''Letter From Reader:''' "One of his hobbies is mountaineering, so everyone chipped him to get him a new set of climbing gear, but we don't know how to pick one for him..."
:'''Traveler:''' So how did you reply, Gorou?
:'''Gorou:''' I just so happen to go mouintaineering pretty often too, so I just recommended the gear I'm currently using. It's not anything fancy, but it's sturdy and durable.
:'''Gorou:''' A gift is valuable because of the thought and intention behind it, not because someone spent a lot of money getting it.
:'''Gorou:''' Ahem... Back on topic. Dinner's about to be ready. We should head in.
:'''Gorou:''' Huh? There's a box in front of the door...
:'''Paimon:''' That's probably the birthday present the soldiers got you! You should open it up and see what it is!
:'''Gorou:''' Mmm!
:'''Gorou:''' ...
:'''Gorou:''' Hahahaha! It was them all along!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what are you laughing at? What's inside?
:'''Gorou:''' It's the climbing gear I recommended.
|dialogue_review_en = Hahahaha! It was them all along!
}}