{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Yae Miko
|date               = 2023-06-27
|zh                 = 
;今天是八重神子的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''八重神子：'''怎么办呢…
:'''派蒙：'''神子！
:'''八重神子：'''是你们呀？来得刚好！
:'''旅行者：'''发生什么事情了吗？
:'''八重神子：'''八重堂最近的轻小说销量普普通通，我作为总编正在发愁呢，愁得油豆腐都吃不下了。
:'''旅行者：'''我们这里有很多故事可以作为小说素材。
:'''八重神子：'''嗯，你们的经历固然精彩，可是现在的读者要求越来越严格，光是有精彩的故事情节还不够，更需要能让人眼前一亮的新奇设定。
:'''派蒙：'''也就是说…光是勇者战胜巨龙还不够，必须是噼咔噼咔的勇者战胜噼咔噼咔的巨龙？
:'''八重神子：'''小派蒙真聪明。对了！“金发旅人穿越到异世界，和可爱的神秘生物结缔契约，被赋予超能力后，一边变身为猫猫勇士，一边拯救世界”这个设定如何？
:'''派蒙：'''我才没办法赋予那种能力呢！不过…我也很好奇旅行者长出猫耳和尾巴会是什么样子…
:'''旅行者：'''我不好奇。
:'''八重神子：'''正好，我这里有角色扮演活动留下来的道具。下次签售会你们就作为特邀嘉宾出席吧。来，戴上这个，再比个喵的姿势看看吧~
:'''旅行者：'''不可能&mdash;&mdash;！！
:'''八重神子：'''哎呀哎呀…呵呵，怎么跑得比五郎还快呀。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「来，戴上这个，再比个喵的姿势看看吧~」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Yae Miko]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, what to do...
:'''Paimon:''' Miko!
:'''Yae Miko:''' Oh, it's you two! Perfect timing.
:'''Traveler:''' Did something happen?
:'''Yae Miko:''' The light novel sales at [[Yae Publishing House]] have been mediocre lately. As the editor-in-chief, I've been so bothered by this that I don't even have the appetite for Fried Tofu anymore.
:'''Traveler:''' We have quite a few stories that could serve as new novel material.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Yes, your travels have indeed been very fascinating, but reader expectations have been getting more and more stringent lately &mdash; they're not settling for books with just an interesting plot anymore, they also want sparkly new story settings they've never seen before.
:'''Paimon:''' So what you're saying is... It's not enough for the hero to defeat a giant dragon, it needs to be a boom-shaka-laka hero who defeats a giant boom-shaka-laka dragon?
:'''Yae Miko:''' Very clever, little Paimon. That's right! "After the golden-haired Traveler is reincarnated into a new world, they forge a contract with an adorable and mysterious creature. They're bestowed superpowers beyond their imagination, and transform into a kitty knight to save the world!" How does this sound?
:'''Paimon:''' There's no way Paimon has the ability to grant superpowers like that! But... Paimon is pretty curious what the Traveler would look like with cat ears and a tail...
:'''Traveler:''' I'm not curious at all.
:'''Yae Miko:''' Oh, we just so happen to have a few props leftover from a character roleplay event. We can have you two on as special guests for the next signing event. Here, put this on. Strike a pose and give us your best meow~
:'''Traveler:''' No way&mdash;!
:'''Yae Miko:''' Oh, my... Hehe. They're running even faster than Gorou.
|dialogue_review_en = "Here, put this on. Strike a pose and give us your best meow~"
}}