{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Neuvillette
|date               = 2023-12-18
|zh                 = 
;今天是那维莱特的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''来，大家的咖啡。
:'''那维莱特：'''谢谢。
:'''派蒙：'''今天是旅行者请客哦。
:'''希格雯、基娅拉：'''好！
:'''派蒙：'''你们在看什么呀？
:'''希格雯：'''是讲须弥占星术的书哦，可以算一算今后的运势。
:'''基娅拉：'''对了，上次说要帮那维莱特大人看看，但是突然有人来找，没看成。
:'''希格雯：'''现在来看看吧？那维莱特大人的命之座是？
:'''旅行者：'''嗯…
:'''那维莱特：'''不妨你们先…
:'''派蒙：'''对了，希格雯刚刚不是说，带了自己做的奶昔嘛，来尝尝吧？
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙…
:'''那维莱特：'''唔，口感很好，味道也很丰富。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「唔，口感很好，味道也很丰富。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Neuvillette]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' Here's your coffee, everyone.
:'''Neuvillette:''' Thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' These coffees are on the Traveler today.
:'''[[Sigewinne]], [[Kiara]]:''' Okay!
:'''Paimon:''' What are you guys reading?
:'''Sigewinne:''' It's a book about Sumeru astrology! We can take a look at our final fortunes for today.
:'''Kiara:''' Oh, right, last time we said we would help Monsieur Neuvillette look up his fortune, but we were interrupted when someone came looking for us.
:'''Sigewinne:''' Why don't we take a look now? What's your [[constellation]], Monsieur Neuvillette?
:'''Traveler:''' Hmm...
:'''Neuvillette:''' Why don't the both of you go first...?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh right, didn't Sigewinne mention that she brought a milkshake she made herself? Why don't we give it a try?
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon...
:'''Neuvillette:''' Mmm, the texture is excellent, and it has a very pleasing flavor.
|dialogue_review_en = "Mmm, the texture is excellent, and it has a very pleasing flavor."
}}