{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Barbara
|date               = 2023-07-05
|zh                 = 
;今天是芭芭拉的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''诺艾尔：'''甜点、茶具…都摆放好了！辛苦旅行者和派蒙准备了这么多，今天的茶会很丰盛呢。
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，今天可是「做饭专家派蒙」！
:'''旅行者：'''我们试着做了些须弥的甜点，不知道合不合大家的口味。
:'''芭芭拉：'''我可以试一块椰炭饼吗？唔…微甜的面饼搭配辛辣的酱料，好特别的体验！
:'''旅行者：'''辛辣的…
:'''派蒙：'''酱料？
:'''派蒙：'''呜哇…该不会是我昨天手忙脚乱准备的时候，把绝云椒椒和墩墩桃弄混了吧…对不起…
:'''芭芭拉：'''怎么会！我很喜欢，派蒙创造了很有趣的搭配呀。
:'''诺艾尔：'''是场难忘的茶会呢…各位，要来杯茶吗？
|dialogue_review_zh = 「唔…微甜的面饼搭配辛辣的酱料，好特别的体验！ 」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Barbara]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Noelle:''' All the desserts, the tea set... Everything's laid out perfectly! You two have worked hard to prepare all this. Today's tea party will definitely be lovely. 
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, today Paimon is "The Cooking Specialist Paimon"!
:'''Traveler:''' We tried making a few pastries from Sumeru, but we're not sure if they're quite to everyone's taste.
:'''Barbara:''' May I try one of those [[Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake]]s? Mmm... The cake is slightly sweet, paired with a spicy sauce... What a unique experience!
:'''Traveler:''' A spicy...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Sauce?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no... Paimon got so busy yesterday preparing for the tea party... Did Paimon mix up the [[Zaytun Peach]]es with the [[Jueyun Chili]]s? Sorry...
:'''Barbara:''' Don't worry about it! I actually really like it. You came up with a really interesting combination, Paimon.
:'''Noelle:''' This is already an unforgettable tea party. Would anyone like some tea?
|dialogue_review_en = "Mmm... The cake is slightly sweet, paired with a spicy sauce... What a unique experience!"
}}