{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Mona
|date               = 2023-08-31
|zh                 = 
;今天是莫娜的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''莫娜早上好，给你带了好吃的哦！刚出炉的面包~
:'''旅行者：'''早啊莫娜。咦，怎么黑眼圈这么重&mdash;&mdash;
:'''莫娜：'''你们来啦！快到截稿日，我昨天赶稿到半夜，不小心睡着了…
:'''莫娜：'''幸好大部分稿件都写完了&mdash;&mdash;正好有点饿，谢谢你们带的早饭…呼，继续写稿！
:'''派蒙：'''等等，中午说好一起去菲谢尔家聚餐你没有忘记吧。
:'''派蒙：'''听说菲谢尔昨天研究菜谱到很晚，不知道准备了什么大餐，我好期待的！
:'''莫娜：'''没有忘啦，我的稿子还需要最后占卜一次就完成了！先进来喝杯茶吧，很快就好。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「我的稿子还需要最后占卜一次就完成了！先进来喝杯茶吧，很快就好。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Mona]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Good morning, Mona! We brought you some delicious food! Here's a bun fresh out of the oven~
:'''Traveler:''' Morning, Mona. Oh no, why do you have such dark circles under your eyes?
:'''Mona:''' Oh, you're here! My deadlines are coming up. I was rushing my astrology column all night, and accidentally fell asleep...
:'''Mona:''' Thankfully most of the draft's done&mdash; I just so happen to be a little hungry too, so thank you both for the thoughtful breakfast... Phew, back to my writing!
:'''Paimon:''' Hold on, you didn't forget about our lunch date at Fischl's house later, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon heard Fischl was testing recipes until super late last night. Wonder what kind of feast she's prepared for us? Paimon can't wait to see!
:'''Mona:''' I didn't forget, I just need one final scry for the column! Why don't you both come in for some tea? I'll be done in just a minute.
|dialogue_review_en = "I just need one final scry for the column! Why don't you both come in for some tea? I'll be done in just a minute."
}}