{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Xingqiu
|date               = 2023-10-09
|zh                 = 
;今天是行秋的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''刚刚真是千钧一发，如果不是行秋及时出手，那个孩子就要落水了。
:'''行秋：'''派蒙过奖了，遇到需要帮助的人及时相助，此乃侠义之道，只希望他下次别为了捞风筝做出那么危险的事情。
:'''行秋：'''稍微耽误了些时间，难得有空一起去品读新书，我们快点走吧。
:'''香菱：'''&mdash;&mdash;欸？旅行者、派蒙和行秋？这边这边！
:'''行秋：'''（香菱笑容这么灿烂，难不成是有新菜的试吃，不好，快跑&mdash;&mdash;）
:'''派蒙：'''…香菱？那是什么，看起来好美味~
:'''香菱：'''你们运气可真不错，这是刚送来的兽肉和须弥采购的调味料，我最近研究了一种用兽肉烹饪的新菜，来试试，给你们免费试吃~
:'''派蒙：'''(¯﹃¯)好耶！~旅行者、行秋，吃饱了才有力气看书嘛，走嘛！
:'''行秋：'''这…旅行者你可要帮我，如果新菜里有「刺客」&mdash;&mdash;
:'''旅行者：'''…懂了，包在我身上！正好饿了，走吧~
|dialogue_review_zh = 「这…旅行者你可要帮我，如果新菜里有『刺客』&mdash;&mdash;」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Xingqiu]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, that was so close! If Xingqiu hadn't helped out at exactly the right moment, that kid was definitely going to fall into the water.
:'''Xingqiu:''' You flatter me, Paimon. Helping someone out when you encounter them in their time of need is only the chivalrous thing to do. I just hope he doesn't resort to something that risky next time just to retrieve his kite.
:'''Xingqiu:''' Well, that was a slight detour. It's rare that I get the opportunity to peruse some new books, so let's get a move on.
:'''Xiangling:''' &mdash;Huh? Traveler, Paimon, and Xingqiu? Over here!
:'''Xingqiu:''' (Xiangling's smiling super wide... Is she going to get us to try out a new dish? Oh no, we need to run&mdash;)
:'''Paimon:''' ...Oh, Xiangling? What's that? It looks delicious~
:'''Xiangling:''' You guys are in luck. I just got some [[Meat]] and a shipment of spices from [[Sumeru]]. I've been working on a new Meat dish lately. Come on and have a taste, it's on the house~
:'''Paimon:''' (¯﹃¯) Alright!~ Come on Traveler, Xingqiu, let's go! We'll only have the energy to read after we eat something, after all~
:'''Xingqiu:''' I'm... You need to save me, Traveler, if there's an "assassin" in this new dish&mdash;
:'''Traveler:''' ...Got it. Leave it to me! I just so happen to be a little hungry. Let's go~
|dialogue_review_en = "I'm... You need to save me, Traveler, if there's an 'assassin' in this new dish&mdash;"
}}