{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Xinyan
|date               = 2023-10-16
|zh                 = ;今天是辛焱的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''辛焱！好久不见呀。
:'''辛焱：'''是啊，听说你们去枫丹了，怎么样？
:'''旅行者：'''唔…我们坐下慢慢说吧。
:（三人喝着茶，旅行者和派蒙给辛焱说了一些在枫丹的见闻。）
:'''辛焱：'''哇——能在歌剧院演出，应该是很厉害的人吧。
:'''辛焱：'''有空我也想去枫丹演出，也能找找灵感。怎么样，要不要一起？
:'''派蒙：'''哇哦，合作舞台吗？
:'''辛焱：'''对，我可以帮你们准备我亲手做的乐器哦。
:'''派蒙：'''好期待呀！
:'''辛焱：'''正好听听我新写的曲子。来，动起来吧，摇滚时间到！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「正好听听我新写的曲子。来，动起来吧，摇滚时间到！」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Xinyan]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Xinyan! Long time no see.
:'''Xinyan:''' Yeah! I heard you two went to Fontaine. How's it been?
:'''Traveler:''' Mmm... Why don't we grab a seat somewhere and chat?
:(The three sit down for tea while Traveler and Paimon regale Xinyan with their latest adventures in Fontaine.)
:'''Xinyan:''' Wow&mdash; It must take someone really impressive to perform at the [[Opera Epiclese|opera house]] like that.
:'''Xinyan:''' If I ever find the time, I wanna put on a show in Fontaine too. It'll be great for finding inspiration. What do you say, wanna come with?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! You want to us to perform with you?
:'''Xinyan:''' That's right. I can help you two prepare some musical instruments I made myself.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's so excited!
:'''Xinyan:''' I can also show you guys a new song I wrote. Come on, let's shake it up! Time to rock!
|dialogue_review_en = "I can also show you guys a new song I wrote. Come on, let's shake it up! Time to rock!"
}}