{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Rosaria
|time               = 2023-01-24
|zh                 = 
;今天是罗莎莉亚的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''城里的酒馆都找了一遍，难道她出城工作去了？我们再找找！希望罗莎莉亚喜欢烤肉卷…
:'''派蒙：'''那边城墙上是不是她？
:'''派蒙：'''&mdash;&mdash;嗨！罗莎莉亚！
:'''罗莎莉亚：'''哦？是你们啊，早安。
:'''罗莎莉亚：'''今天的工作时间结束了，需要帮助的话明天再说吧。
:'''派蒙：'''不是的啦，听说今天是你的生日，我们是来给你送礼物的！
:'''旅行者：'''生日快乐。
:'''罗莎莉亚：'''嗯？独特的烤肉香气…谢谢，你们有心了。
:'''罗莎莉亚：'''我正要去喝杯早餐酒，没什么事的话一起来吧？
:'''罗莎莉亚：'''蒲公英酒配烤肉，真是不错的早餐…想喝点什么？我请客。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「想喝点什么？我请客。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Rosaria]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' We've searched all the taverns in the city... Maybe she's left the city for a job? Let's keep looking! Paimon sure hopes she likes [[Shawarma Wrap]]s...
:'''Paimon:''' Is that her by the city wall?
:'''Paimon:''' &mdash;Hi! Rosaria!
:'''Rosaria:''' Oh? It's you two. Morning.
:'''Rosaria:''' I'm done with work for today. Come look for me again tomorrow if you need help.
:'''Paimon:'''  We're not here for that! We heard that today was your birthday, so we came to give you a gift!
:'''Traveler:''' Happy birthday.
:'''Rosaria:''' Hmm? This unique fragrance of roasted meat... Thank you, this is very thoughtful.
:'''Rosaria:''' I was just about to go have a glass of breakfast wine. If you're free, perhaps you'd like to come along?
:'''Rosaria:''' Dandelion Wine paired with roasted meat makes for a pretty good breakfast... What would you like to drink? My treat.
|dialogue_review_en = "What would you like to drink? My treat."
}}