{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Fischl
|date               = 2023-05-27
|zh                 = 
;今天是菲谢尔的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''奥兹：'''今日待完成的事项不少，感谢两位前来帮助小姐准备邀请函。
:'''派蒙：'''不用客气！嘿嘿，那我们现在开始吧。
:'''旅行者：'''「在此命定之日，诚邀各位于夜…夜幕垂落之时，在本皇女选定之地，赐与诸位共品之幸…」
:'''旅行者：'''「随后循着星辰的轨迹，见证远方命运的预兆…」
:'''菲谢尔：'''此即幽夜净土之圣诏！本皇女最信任的扈从啊，你的贡献将被永远铭记。
:'''奥兹：'''啊，这句话是小姐在感谢你，不用写进邀请函。
:'''派蒙：'''所以邀请函里究竟说了些什么呀？
:'''奥兹：'''小姐的意思是，请大家傍晚来猎鹿人餐馆小聚，然后去蒙德城郊外散步。
:'''派蒙：'''唔…只看文字完全不明白呢…
:'''奥兹：'''咳，将信送到客人手里时，要拜托两位帮忙解释一番了。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「此即幽夜净土之圣诏！本皇女最信任的扈从啊，你的贡献将被永远铭记。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Fischl]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Oz:''' There are a lot of things to get done today. Thank you both for offering to help mein Fräulein prepare the invitations. 
:'''Paimon:''' Don't mention it! Hehe, let's get started.
:'''Traveler:''' "On this destined day, the Prinzessin earnestly beseeches you to a venue appointed by Her Majesty. When the curtain of night... nightfall envelops the land, you will be bestowed the honor of delighting together in various delicacies..."
:'''Traveler:''' "Soon after, following the path of the stars, you will bear witness to an omen of great fate in the distant sky..."
:'''Fischl:''' This is the divine edict of the Immernachtreich! Ah, trusted retainer of mine, your contributions will forever be remembered.
:'''Oz:'''  Ah, that was just mein Fräulein's casual word of thanks. You don't need to write that into the invitation.
:'''Paimon:''' So what exactly does the invitation say?
:'''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means is that she would like to invite everyone to have a meal together at [[Good Hunter]] in the evening, after which we'll take a stroll around the outskirts of the City of Mondstadt.
:'''Paimon:''' Ngh... Paimon never would've guessed that from just reading the invite...
:'''Oz:''' Ahem. When we deliver these to our guests, we'll have to trouble you two to explain the contents to them. 
|dialogue_review_en = "This is the divine edict of the Immernachtreich! Ah, trusted retainer of mine, your contributions will forever be remembered."
}}