{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Zhongli
|date               = 2022-12-31
|zh                 = 
;今天是钟离的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''你说旅行者拿着的兽肉和蘑菇…嘿嘿，是在须弥的特别发现！要听听是怎么来的吗？
:'''钟离：'''愿闻其详。
:'''旅行者：'''当时我和派蒙正走在雨林里…
:'''派蒙：'''然后看到了背上长蘑菇的野林猪哦！很神奇吧？
:'''旅行者：'''感觉是非常方便的食材呢。
:'''派蒙：'''所以我们正想着，做成什么菜比较合适。
:'''钟离：'''确实是有趣的生物。这种共生关系也使得蕈猪广受食客们的欢迎。
:'''钟离：'''我认识一家餐馆的厨师，正擅长处理这样优质的食材。旅行者，是否要顺路去店里试一试？
:'''派蒙：'''好耶！钟离推荐的店，味道一定很不错！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「我认识一家餐馆的厨师，正擅长处理这样优质的食材。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Zhongli]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, you're asking about the [[Raw Meat]] and [[Mushroom]]s that the Traveler is holding... Heheh, they were an unexpected discovery in Sumeru! Do you want to hear where they came from?
:'''Zhongli:''' I'm all ears.
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon and I were taking a stroll in the rainforest...
:'''Paimon:''' When we saw a [[Forest Boar]] with mushrooms growing on its back! Sounds super cool, right?
:'''Traveler:''' This feels like it'll be a very useful ingredient.
:'''Paimon:''' So we were just thinking about what dish we should try making with it.
:'''Zhongli:''' This is indeed a fascinating creature. This symbiotic relationship has also made the [[Shroomboar]] quite popular among gourmets.
:'''Zhongli:''' I know a chef who specializes in handling fine ingredients such as these. Traveler, would you like to sample some of their food along the way?
:'''Paimon:''' Yay! If Zhongli's recommending a restaraunt, it's definitely bound to have some amazing food!
|dialogue_review_en = "I know a chef who specializes in handling fine ingredients such as these."
}}



<!-- interwikis -->
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/鍾離]]
[[vi:Bức Ảnh Lưu Giữ Ngày Hẹn Hò/Câu Chuyện/Zhongli]]