{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Beidou
|date               = 2024-02-14
|zh                 = 
;今天是北斗的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''重佐：'''…说时迟那时快，只见北斗姐提着剑冲向海怪，霎那间，山一样高的家伙就断成两截，沉到海底喂鱼去咯！
:'''派蒙：'''哇，然后呢然后呢！？
:'''重佐：'''多亏了北斗姐，那次战斗我们连皮都没蹭到&mdash;&mdash;可惜有一部分货物被打湿，少赚了不少摩拉。
:'''旅行者：'''人没事就好，摩拉还可以再赚。
:'''派蒙：'''出海可真危险，我们这次也会遇到那么大的海怪吗？
:'''北斗：'''想遇到海怪可不是容易的事。何况这次出海只是去近海的岛上提货，可能性就更低了。
:'''派蒙：'''这样啊，可惜……啊不对，真让人安心~但是，如果之前那只海怪的亲朋来寻仇…
:'''北斗：'''那就要问问我手里的剑同不同意了。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「那就要问问我手里的剑同不同意了。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Beidou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Juza:''' ...Before I knew it, all I could see was Captain Beidou, sword in hand, rushing towards the sea monster. A single blink, and the mountainous beast was cleaved clean down the middle, sinking into the fathoms as fish food! 
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! What happened next, what happened next?!
:'''Juza:''' It's all thanks to the Captain that all of us escaped unscathed. Shame that some of the cargo we were carrying got wet in the chaos, though. We lost out on a good chestful of Mora.
:'''Traveler:''' As long as everyone was alright. You can always make back the Mora another day.
:'''Paimon:''' Sailing the high seas sounds so dangerous. Will we meet any sea monsters that huge this time as well?
:'''Beidou:''' Well, you don't encounter a sea monster that easy. Besides, this time around, we're just headed towards a nearby island to pick up some shipments, which lowers the chances even more.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, is that so? That's a shame... Wait, no, that's a good thing! But what if the friends or family of that old sea monster come looking for revenge...?
:'''Beidou:''' Then they'll have to get well-acquainted with this sword in my hand.
|dialogue_review_en = "Then they'll have to get well-acquainted with this sword in my hand."
}}