{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Shenhe
|date               = 2023-03-10
|zh                 = 
;今天是申鹤的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''申鹤：'''原来这就是师父的改良版「机关烹饪神机」。
:'''派蒙：'''今天是看在申鹤的面子上，我们才能把它借出来呢！据说它能够调和不同食材，呈现出最和谐的味道，解决众口难调的难题。
:'''旅行者：'''我们快把各自喜欢的食材加进去吧。
:'''旅行者：'''…等等，这烟的颜色…
:'''申鹤：'''危险，退后！
:（嘭&mdash;&mdash;！！！）
:'''派蒙：'''咳咳咳…看来我们几个的口味关系很好，都碰撞出火花了呢！
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙，一点也不好笑。
:'''派蒙：'''唔…好吧，那大家都加了什么进去？
:'''旅行者：'''鱼肉。
:'''申鹤：'''清心。
:'''派蒙：'''史莱姆凝液！
:'''旅行者：'''……
:'''申鹤：'''……
:'''派蒙：'''……为什么这样看着我？不是说喜欢的食材吗…
:'''派蒙：'''哇，旅行者，别掐我的脸！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「看来我们几个的口味关系很好，都碰撞出火花了呢！」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Shenhe]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Shenhe:''' So this is Master's upgraded [[Supreme Cuisine Machine]].
:'''Paimon:''' We were only able to borrow it today because we said it was for you! Cloud Retainer said it can combine different ingredients and bring out the most harmonious flavors to manage the difficulty of catering to everyone's tastes.
:'''Traveler:''' Let's all put our favorite ingredients into the machine.
:'''Traveler:''' ...Wait, this color of smoke...
:'''Shenhe:''' Watch out! Everyone stand back!
:(Boom&mdash;!!!)
:'''Paimon:''' *cough cough cough* Looks like our tastes have some really good chemistry... They've caused a pretty explosive reaction!
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon, not funny.
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Okay, what did everyone put in?
:'''Traveler:''' [[Fish]].
:'''Shenhe:''' [[Qingxin]].
:'''Paimon:''' [[Slime Condensate]]!
:'''Traveler:''' ...
:'''Shenhe:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Why are you all looking at Paimon like that? Weren't we supposed to put in our favorite ingredient?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Traveler, stop pinching Paimon's face!
|dialogue_review_en = Looks like our tastes have some really good chemistry... They've caused a pretty explosive reaction!
}}