{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Arataki Itto
|date               = 2023-06-01
|zh                 = 
;今天是荒泷一斗的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''一斗生日快乐！
:'''派蒙：'''生日快乐！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''哈哈哈哈哈哈本大爷的生日果然难以被忽略！我可是为挚友准备了「美味到古今无双」的料理！
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙你觉得怎么样？
:'''派蒙：'''这个颜色……总感觉有点不靠谱。
:'''荒泷一斗：'''喂喂喂，飞行矮堇瓜你这是什么意思？这可是「荒泷美食大师一斗」定制的生日特别版「热血强者之道」！传承荒泷派老大的强者意志！
:'''鬼婆婆：'''一斗啊，乌冬面还要吗？
:'''荒泷一斗：'''啊啊啊，请再来一碗！
|dialogue_review_zh = 这可是「荒泷美食大师一斗」定制的生日特别版「热血强者之道」！<!--no quotation brackets in original-->
|en                 =
;Today is [[Arataki Itto]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' Happy birthday, Itto! 
:'''Paimon:''' Happy birthday! 
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahahaha, I knew my birthday was impossible to forget! I prepared my specialty "heretofore unmatched dish" for you today, compadre!
:'''Traveler:''' What do you think, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' This color... feels a little suspicious.
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Hey hey hey, what the heck do you mean by that, Flying Lavender Melon? This is a special custom-made birthday edition of my "Red-Hot Passionate [[Way of the Strong]]", made by the one and only "Arataki 'Number One Gourmet' Itto"! It's a physical representation of the strong determination of the head honcho of the Arataki gang!
:'''[[Granny Oni]]:''' Itto, do you want more [[Udon Noodles]]?
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Ahhh of course! One more bowl, Granny!
|dialogue_review_en = This is a special custom-made birthday edition of my "Red-Hot Passionate [[Way of the Strong]]", made by the one and only "Arataki 'Number One Gourmet' Itto"!
}}