{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Kaeya
|date               = 2022-11-30
|zh                 = 
;今天是凯亚的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''最后一击！&mdash;&mdash;
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙今天干劲满满呢。
:'''派蒙：'''呼，没想到竟然聚集了这么多盗宝团，难道那个传说是真的？
:'''旅行者：'''那个&mdash;&mdash;传说？
:'''派蒙：'''就是那个，那个，传说！
:'''凯亚：'''某酒庄今年收获的葡萄，在午夜，用极其精确的方式萃取其精华，就能获得颠覆蒙德的力量&mdash;&mdash;
:'''凯亚：'''这个传说？
:'''派蒙：'''为什么你会知道，等等…果然是你，传播谣言的坏人！
:'''凯亚：'''怎么是谣言呢，今年收获的葡萄多汁甘甜，比往年的葡萄甜度高了不止一点，酿出来的酒稍晚点可就买不到咯，说是颠覆蒙德也不为过吧。
:'''凯亚：'''好了，该去找某酒庄收佣金了。帮他们找回了重要的货物，收取多少谢礼才合适呢？
|dialogue_review_zh = 「好了，该去找某酒庄收佣金了。帮他们找回了重要的货物，收取多少谢礼才合适呢？」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Kaeya]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' And now for the final attack!&mdash;
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon sure is full of energy today.
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, Paimon can't believe there were so many Treasure Hoarders here! Is the legend really true?
:'''Traveler:''' The&mdash; legend?
:'''Paimon:''' You know, that legend!
:'''Kaeya:''' If you go to a certain winery at midnight, carefully and accurately extract all the essence from their grape harvest this year, you will obtain the power to turn all of Mondstadt upside down&mdash;
:'''Kaeya:''' Is this the legend you're talking about?
:'''Paimon:''' How did you know? Hold on... You were the one who spread the rumor! You big meanie!
:'''Kaeya:''' What do you mean ''rumor''? The grapes from this year's harvest have been especially juicy and sweet. Way sweeter than last year, in fact. The wine they make is sure to fly off the shelves. Turning all of Mondstadt upside down would be an understatement.
:'''Kaeya:''' Alright, time to go collect my commission from a certain winery. How much do you think I should get for helping them retrieve some very important cargo?
|dialogue_review_en = "Alright, time to go collect my commission from a certain winery. How much do you think I should get for helping them retrieve some very important cargo?"
}}


<!-- interwikis -->
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/ガイア]]