{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Kamisato Ayaka
|time               = 2022-09-28
|zh                 = 
;今天是神里绫华的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''好久没有和绫华一起出来玩了， 今天真开心！
:'''派蒙：'''除了那张可恶的纸签，呜…
:'''旅行者：'''三人一起求的签，偏偏只有派蒙抽中了凶。
:'''派蒙：'''哼，我还没看到你们两个的签文呢！
:'''派蒙：'''让我看看…哇，你们怎么都是大吉！
:'''派蒙：'''「所求之事心想则成。」
:'''派蒙：'''好厉害！绫华，快趁着今天多许几个愿望吧！
:'''神里绫华：'''欸？
:'''神里绫华：'''愿望的话，刚刚已经在心里许过了哦。
:'''旅行者：'''许了什么样的愿望？
:'''神里绫华：'''嗯…
:'''神里绫华：'''保密。
|dialogue_review_zh = 所求之事心想则成。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Kamisato Ayaka]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him/her!
:'''Paimon:''' It's been a while since we've gone out with Ayaka like this! Today's such a happy day!
:'''Paimon:''' Except for those cursed fortune slips... *sob*
:'''Traveler:''' We all drew our fortune slips together, but Paimon's somehow the only one who drew "Great Misfortune."
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph, I still haven't read your fortunes yet!
:'''Paimon:''' Let me have a look... Wow, how did the you two ''both'' get "Great Fortune"?!
:'''Paimon:''' "Everything you wish for is within your grasp."
:'''Paimon:''' That's so cool! Ayaka, you should seize this opportunity and make a few more wishes today!
:'''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Huh?
:'''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, well, I've already made a wish in my heart.
:'''Paimon:''' What kind of wish did you make?
:'''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Mmm...
:'''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's a secret.
|dialogue_review_en = Everything you wish for is within your grasp.
}}

[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/神里綾華]]