{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Keqing
|date               = 2023-11-20
|zh                 = 
;今天是刻晴的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''等你的时候，香菱还准备了金丝虾球哦。
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙已经盯了好久了……
:'''派蒙：'''我一口都没有吃呢！刻晴先吃吧。
:'''刻晴：'''今天事情有点多，谢谢你们等我。
:'''旅行者：'''如果工作到很晚的话，直接回去休息也没关系的。
:'''派蒙：'''是呀是呀，劳逸结合是不错，但也别紧绷过头哦。
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙还学刻晴说话。
:'''刻晴：'''…噗，没关系。今日事今日毕是我的行事准则，工作要今天完成，和你的约定也一样重要。
:'''刻晴：'''吃完饭再一起去逛一逛吧，如何？
|dialogue_review_zh = 「今日事今日毕是我的行事准则，工作要今天完成，和你的约定也一样重要。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Keqing]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' While we were waiting for you, [[Xiangling]] even prepared some [[Golden Shrimp Balls]].
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon's already been staring at them for a while...
:'''Paimon:''' I didn't eat a single one! Go ahead, Keqing.
:'''Keqing:''' There was quite a lot to take care of today. Thank you both for waiting for me.
:'''Traveler:''' If you have to work until really late, you can always just go home and rest.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! Paimon's all for work-life balance, but Paimon thinks this is pushing it.<ref group="Note">This is a reference to {{Ref/VO|Keqing|闲聊・放松|zh}} (Chat: Relax). In Chinese, Paimon replaces {{zh|别放松过头|tl=you shouldn't slack off too much}} with {{zh|别紧绷过头|tl=you shouldn't put too much stress on yourself.}}</ref>
:'''Traveler:''' Paimon's even picking up on how Keqing usually talks.
:'''Keqing:''' ...Pfft, it's alright. I always try to finish the tasks I've started on the same day. Both my work and my appointments with you are equally important.
:'''Keqing:''' Why don't we have a stroll after we finish eating?
|dialogue_review_en = "I always try to finish the tasks I've started on the same day. Both my work and my appointments with you are equally important."
}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|group=Note}}