{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Tartaglia
|time               = 2022-07-20
|zh                 = 
;今天是达达利亚的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''达达利亚在哪里呢？
:'''派蒙：'''找附近的愚人众士兵们问问？等等，湖边那堆雪好奇怪…
:'''达达利亚：'''你们来了，伙伴。
:'''旅行者：'''！
:'''派蒙：'''雪堆说话啦！
:'''达达利亚：'''哈哈，吓到你们了？
:'''达达利亚：'''大雪之后最适合冰钓，今天一定能钓到大鱼。只要再等一会儿&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''他又一动不动了…我们来准备那个吧！
:'''旅行者：'''好的。
:'''派蒙：'''螃蟹…蟹黄…小火…啊火要灭了！我扇扇！
:'''达达利亚：'''嘘…有动静&mdash;&mdash;来吧！
|dialogue_review_zh = 大雪之后最适合冰钓，今天一定能钓到大鱼。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Tartaglia]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' Where's Tartaglia?
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe we should ask the Fatui soldiers nearby? Wait... that pile of snow by the lake looks funny...
:'''Tartaglia:''' You guys are here, comrades.
:'''Traveler:''' !
:'''Paimon:''' The pile of snow is talking!
:'''Tartaglia:''' Haha, did I scare you guys?
:'''Tartaglia:''' The best time to go ice fishing is after heavy snowfall. I'm definitely gonna get a big catch today. I just need to wait a bit longer&mdash;&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' He's as still as a statue again... Let's start preparing that thing!
:'''Traveler:''' Okay.
:'''Paimon:''' [[Crab]]s... [[Crab Roe]]... low heat... Ah, the fire is going out! Let me fan it!
:'''Tartaglia:''' Shh... I feel some tugging&mdash;&mdash; Bring it on!
|dialogue_review_en = The best time to go ice fishing is after heavy snowfall. I'm definitely gonna get a big catch today.
}}
<noinclude>
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/タルタリヤ]]
[[uk:Фотографії та розповіді про гарні часи/Відомості/Тарталья]]
</noinclude>