{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19152
|image         = Hangout Event Taking the Opposite Route.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = The Wisdom Seelie
|next          = Compiling the Clues
|characters    = Hunayn; Katayoun; Latifah; Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Taking the Opposite Route''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Gather more information about the Wisdom Seelie (0/3)

==Dialogue==
===Taking the Opposite Route===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|After weighing the pros and cons, you decide to seek out Wisdom Seelie's true identity.}}
;(Gather more information about the Wisdom Seelie)
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Katayoun, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 11.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' (*sigh* Did someone put the books back in the wrong place again?)

;(Talk to Katayoun)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 01.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' Oh, hello there. Can I help you?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Uh, hello, I'm a Rtawahist student and would like to see the checkout logs for "Theoretical Astrology" and "A Quick Reference Guide to Astrology Cases."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 02.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' Oh, are you also here to investigate the Rtawahist Wisdom Seelie legend?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "Also?" Hmm... I suppose it makes sense that we're not the only ones investigating such a popular legend.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 03.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' Yes, I myself am also quite curious about it. But unfortunately, I haven't found anything out of the ordinary.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 04.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' Given you're a Rtawahist student, I'm sure you know that a lot of research references these two books. All our copies of these particular titles are frequently checked out.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 05.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' I have looked into it, but found no irregularities in the checkout logs.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Is there any chance the Seelie could have taken the books out and returned them without being noticed...?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 06.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' Not likely, that would be almost impossible. The House of Daena is extremely strict about the circulation of its books. There will always be a record if a book is checked out.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 07.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' And even if it managed to figure out a way to take the books without leaving any record, it's possible that someone would come looking to borrow the books before the Seelie returned them.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 08.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' If someone discovers that a book is missing or that it doesn't match my inventory records, it would come to my attention immediately.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 09.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' However, it might be possible to pull off in the case of a less popular book...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay. I understand now, thank you.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This is useful to know. With any luck, it'll help us work out the Seelie's identity.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Katayoun, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 12.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' (Speaking of checkouts, it's time to do a routine inventory check. I hope everything's in order.)

;(Talk to Katayoun again)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915201 katayoun 10.ogg}} '''Katayoun:''' I assure you that you won't find anything strange here.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hunayn, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 15.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' (The House of Daena doesn't feel as quiet as it used to be.)

;(Talk to Hunayn)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hi there, have you heard of the legend of the Wisdom Seelie?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 01.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Do I really look like the kind of student that would be interested in such a pointless legend...?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh uh, I'm sorry, we were just curious.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 02.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Well, I do happen to have some information on it.
:{{DIcon}} Then why didn't you just say so?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 03.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Huh? Logically, that has nothing to do with the question I asked.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 04.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' I just don't want others to see me as some poor excuse for a student, whiling away my time in the House of Daena.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I don't really think bad students would come to the House of Daena to pass the time... But anyways, you were saying?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 05.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Well, I spend most of my time here, and I have noticed something odd before.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 06.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' One time, late at night, a black shadow fell from above and landed in the central area of the House of Daena.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 07.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Of course, I was a little sleepy at the time, but it startled me and I got up to see what was going on.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' An&mdash;And then what happened??
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 08.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Then, the shadow quickly circled behind me with incredible speed. Just as I tried to turn around to get a look at it, I fainted.
:{{DIcon}} This shadow sounds pretty powerful.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 09.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Yes, it was unbelievably fast. I had never seen anything like it. It was so unusual that I wasn't sure if it was real or if I was half-dreaming.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 10.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' But given how popular the legend of the Seelie has become lately, maybe this has something to do with it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Don't take this the wrong way, but... doesn't the House of Daena have a door?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 11.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' It was closed that night. I suppose even the House of Daena needs to be closed for maintenance from time to time.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I see, that makes sense...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But what were you doing here if the House of Daena was closed?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 12.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' Don't look so surprised. It's a common practice to find a place to hide before they lock the doors so you can continue reading books here... Everyone knows that.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing I'm not studying alongside you. I can tell that you'd really stress me out.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Anyway, thank you for the info. I'll be sure to take note of everything you mentioned.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 13.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' You're welcome.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hunayn, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 16.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' (No wonder the House of Daena has been getting more noisy recently...)

;(Talk to Hunayn again)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915202 hunayn 14.ogg}} '''Hunayn:''' If you don't have any more questions, I'm gonna go back to my books now.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Latifah, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 15.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' (I wonder if there will be any new sightings today...)

;(Talk to Latifah)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hi there, do you know anything about the Wisdom Seelie?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 01.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' Yes, of course. I've been looking into it for quite a while now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 02.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' However, I feel like I'm still missing some key pieces of information. Hey, maybe if we put our heads together, we can figure something out.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sure, I'll try my best.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 03.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' There are a few known traits of the Wisdom Seelie. First, it's extremely strong. It can easily carry a few dozen books, along with four or five pieces of astrology equipment all at once.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 04.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' It's extremely athletic as well. It only moves in a straight line and doesn't stop for anything, not even walls or rivers.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 05.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' Lastly, it has a number of "special abilities." It has a hardened metal body that's impervious to injury, it can freeze water into ice, and it can also summon meteors.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That... doesn't even sound human.
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like some hero out of a fairy tale.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 06.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' Well, it is a legend after all. It's no surprise that some details seem a little exaggerated.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 07.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' But these aren't just made up, you know. Each of its abilities has been confirmed by eyewitnesses.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 08.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' There have been many sightings too, including at Chatrakam Cave, the Avidya Forest, and around the waterfall south of Sumeru City.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Has anyone seen what it actually looks like? Or what kind of a person it is?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 09.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' Hmm, not that I know of. No one's been able to get close to it. It seems like it tries to stay out of sight.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 10.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' I would probably want to remain a mystery too, if I were someone as legendary as the Wisdom Seelie.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 11.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' So, what do you make of it? Have you seen it somewhere as well?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No... We're probably gonna need some time to digest all the... incredible information you've provided us.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 12.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' Haha, not a problem. But if you manage to find anything, be sure to come and tell me about it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 13.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' I trust that you'll quickly discover the excitement of slowly unraveling the truth.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Latifah, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 16.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' (It's so exciting to search and dig for the truth.)

;(Talk to Latifah again)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915203 latifah 14.ogg}} '''Latifah:''' Please remember to share any new information you come across.

;(After Talking to Katayoun, Hunayn, and Latifah)
;(Proceed to [[Compiling the Clues]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Taking the Opposite Route
|zhs      = 反其道而行
|zhs_rm   = Fǎn-qídào Ér Xīng
|zht      = 反其道而行
|zht_rm   = Fǎn-qídào Ér Xīng
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 逆を行く
|ja_rm    = Gyaku wo Iku
|ja_tl    = Go the Opposite Way
|ko       = 청개구리 방법
|ko_tl    = The Green Frog Way
|ko_note  = The green frog is a character in a fairy tale who always does the opposite of what his mom says. Now, it's used as an idiom in Korean that means 'someone who always does the opposite of what should be done'.
|es       = Haciendo lo contrario
|es_tl    = Doing the Opposite
|fr       = À contresens
|fr_tl    = The Wrong Way
|ru       = Другим путём
|ru_tl    = Going Another Way
|th       = เลือกทางตรงข้าม
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Làm Theo Hướng Ngược Lại
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Rückwärtssuche
|de_tl    = Backwards Search
|id       = Mengambil Jalan Yang Sebaliknya
|id_tl    = Taking the Opposite Route
|pt       = Tomando o Caminho Oposto
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Ters Yöne Doğru
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Percorso inverso
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}