{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Freminet
|date               = 2023-09-24
|zh                 = 
;今天是菲米尼的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''早就想去莱舒的发条工坊看看啦，听说有好多好玩的发条玩具~
:'''旅行者：'''看到什么好玩的就买下来。
:'''派蒙：'''就等你这句话啦！机会难得，菲米尼有什么想买的吗？
:'''菲米尼：'''欸，不，不是，我只想走近看看那些橱窗里的发条工艺品，谢谢你们陪我…
:'''利弗：'''菲米尼先生，你来啦，之前的发条企鹅很畅销哦！
:'''菲米尼：'''啊，好的…那真是太好了…
:'''菲米尼：'''…
:'''派蒙：'''喂喂菲米尼，怎么就带上头盔了&mdash;&mdash;老板，我们来看发条玩具啦！听说有会吹喇叭的膨膨兽，在哪里呀？
:'''利弗：'''欢迎欢迎，就在店内橱窗，还有许多新品，喜欢的话给你们折扣！
:'''菲米尼：'''谢谢…
|dialogue_review_zh = 「欸，不，不是，我只想走近看看那些橱窗里的发条工艺品，谢谢你们陪我…」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Freminet]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's wanted to check out [[Leschots Clockwork Workshop]] for ages! Everyone says there are so many fun clockwork toys here~
:'''Traveler:''' If we spot something fun, we should buy it.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon was just waiting for you to say that! Since we're here, do you want to get anything, Freminet?
:'''Freminet:''' Huh? O&mdash;Oh, no, I just wanted to take a closer look at those clockwork crafts on display... Thank you both for coming with me...
:'''Livre:''' Oh you're here, Mr. Freminet! The clockwork penguins from last time are selling really well!
:'''Freminet:''' Oh, I see... That's great to hear... 
:'''Freminet:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, Freminet, why did you suddenly put on your diving helmet&mdash;? Mr. Livre, we're here to check out the clockwork toys! We heard that you have a [[Blubberbeast]] that plays the trumpet! Is it here?
:'''Livre:''' Welcome, welcome! Yes, it's right by the display window. We have lots of new toys in too! I'll give you a discount if anything catches your eye.
:'''Freminet:''' Thank you...
|dialogue_review_en = "Huh? O&mdash;Oh, no, I just wanted to take a closer look at those clockwork crafts on display... Thank you both for coming with me..."
}}