{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Qiqi
|time               = 2022-03-03
|zh                 =
;今天是七七的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''七七，好久不见，还记得我们吗？
:'''七七：'''记得。是…旅行者和派蒙。
:'''旅行者：'''我们给你带了椰奶哦。
:'''七七：'''啊…凉凉的，喜欢。谢谢你，派蒙。
:'''派蒙：'''我才是派蒙啦！
:'''派蒙：'''不过，七七好像很开心的样子，太好了~
|dialogue_review_zh = 啊…凉凉的，喜欢。谢谢你，派蒙。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Qiqi]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Qiqi, we haven't seen you in a while! Do you still remember us?
:'''Qiqi:''' Yes... Traveler and Paimon.
:'''Traveler:''' We brought coconut milk for you.
:'''Qiqi:''' Ah... nice and cold. I like it. Thank you, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, I'm Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' But Qiqi looks like she's happy. Isn't that nice?
|dialogue_review_en = Ah... nice and cold. I like it. Thank you, Paimon.
}}
{{TPRGT_Story
|character          = Qiqi
|time               = 2023-03-03
|zh                 =
;今天是七七的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''绝云间的路也太难走啦，上上下下的我都累了。
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙飞着也会累呀？休息一下吧，七七？
:'''七七：'''七七…不会累。七七…
:（七七翻了翻笔记。）
:'''七七：'''还有…好多药材没有采…
:'''派蒙：'''那我们去旁边休息一下，七七加油啦&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''欸？七七？爬上去太高啦，我们去采别的！
:'''七七：'''…七七…采药…
:（她似乎没听到，只是闷头一个劲继续往上爬。）
:'''旅行者：'''完全听不到了呢。之前白术先生似乎说过，如果七七被敕令卡住的话，要从背后抱住他，然后&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''然后？啊，我想起来了！可是，这怎么说的出口…很难为情&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''啊七七小心，要摔下来了！
:'''旅行者：'''解除敕令要紧，加油派蒙！
:'''派蒙：'''嗯…那个…等等…
:（派蒙追上去，一把抱住了七七。）
:'''派蒙：'''我…最·喜·欢·你·了！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「敕令解除！」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Qiqi]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' The roads in Jueyun Karst are so hard to traverse. Paimon's exhausted from going up and down all day.
:'''Traveler:''' How do you get tired while you're flying, Paimon? Do you want to stop and rest for a bit, Qiqi?
:'''Qiqi:''' Qiqi... isn't tired. Qiqi...
:(Qiqi flips through her notes.)
:'''Qiqi:''' Still has many herbs... to collect...
:'''Paimon:''' Then we'll find a spot to rest for a while. Good luck, Qiqi&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Qiqi? That's way too high! Let's go pick something else!
:'''Qiqi:''' ...Qiqi's... gathering herbs...
:(Qiqi doesn't seem to have heard Paimon. She continues climbing persistently.)
:'''Traveler:''' She can't hear us at all. Mr. [[Baizhu]] once said that if Qiqi gets stuck on her orders, you need to hug her from behind, and then&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' And then? Oh, Paimon remembers! But... how do you say this out loud... This is so embarassing&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Careful, Qiqi! You're going to fall!
:'''Traveler:''' We need to get rid of Qiqi's orders now! Good luck, Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Umm... Okay... Hold on...
:(Paimon catches up to Qiqi and hugs her tightly.)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon... Likes. You. The. Most!
|dialogue_review_en = "Orders released!"

}}
<noinclude>
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/七七]]
[[uk:Фотографії та розповіді про гарні часи/Відомості/Ціці]]
</noinclude>