{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Noelle
|date               = 2023-03-21
|zh                 = 
;今天是诺艾尔的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''还要多久到呀？没有力气啦！
:'''诺艾尔：'''订单上写着龙脊雪山脚下，覆雪之路附近的冒险家营地——应该就在附近才对…
:'''派蒙：'''可是这附近白茫茫的一片，一个营地也没看到。
:'''派蒙：'''究竟是谁在雪山点外卖呀，真是的！
:'''派蒙：'''害我们的下午茶都要凉啦，呜呜，特地给诺艾尔带了须弥的茶点呢！
:'''诺艾尔：'''真是太感谢了…不过看到猎鹿人餐厅的老板那么苦恼，我很难拒绝她的委托…
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，不必谢啦，我们快快完成订单回去继续喝下午茶吧！
:'''派蒙：'''&mdash;&mdash;欸等等，那边是不是有烟？
:'''诺艾尔：'''看来营地就在那边了，我们快点过去吧~等回去给你们重新准备下午茶，只需一小会就好！
|dialogue_review_zh = 「看来营地就在那边了，我们快点过去吧~等回去给你们重新准备下午茶，只需一小会就好！」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Noelle]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' How long is this going to take? I'm about to run out of energy!
:'''Noelle:''' According to the order, there should be an adventurer camp by the foot of Dragonspine&mdash; It should be right around here...
:'''Paimon:''' But it's just an expanse of white here! There's no sign of a camp at all.
:'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, who'd even order takeout all the way out here in Dragonspine? Ugh!
:'''Paimon:''' Now our afternoon tea's about to get cold. *sobs* We even brought some Sumeru pastries for Noelle too!
:'''Noelle:''' I'm really grateful... But when I saw how distressed [[Good Hunter]]'s [[Sara|boss]] was, I found it really hard to say no to her commission...
:'''Paimon:''' Heheh, don't need to thank us. Let's finish up the order quickly and then go back to having our afternoon tea!
:'''Paimon:''' &mdash;Hey, hold on, is that smoke coming from over there?
:'''Noelle:''' Looks like that's where the camp is! Let's head on over~ When we get back, I'll prepare the afternoon tea again for you two, I'll take only a moment!
|dialogue_review_en = "Looks like that's where the camp is! Let's head on over~ When we get back, I'll prepare the afternoon tea again for you two, I'll take only a moment!"
}}