{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Albedo
|date               = 2022-09-13
|zh                 = 
;今天是阿贝多的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''你说，阿贝多会不会喜欢我们送的礼物呢？
:'''派蒙：'''…啊等等，阿贝多的工坊爆炸了！
:'''可莉：'''哇！可莉不是故意的！！
:……
:'''阿贝多：'''&mdash;&mdash;所以你们就帮可莉抓鱼来道歉？
:'''派蒙：'''是…是这样的…
:'''旅行者：'''嗯…
:'''阿贝多：'''啊，看起来可莉的新配方有些问题，一会我来看一下…
:'''阿贝多：'''在此之前，可莉要把工坊先打扫干净哦。
:'''可莉：'''可莉知道错了，阿贝多哥哥对不起！
:'''可莉：'''可莉这就去打扫！
:'''阿贝多：'''好哦。
:'''阿贝多：'''走吧旅行者，我们去烤鱼。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「阿贝多会不会喜欢我们送的礼物呢？」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Albedo]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Say, do you think Albedo will like the present we got for him? 
:'''Paimon:''' ...Ah, wait! Albedo's workshop exploded!
:'''Klee:''' Wah! Klee didn't mean to!
:...
:'''Albedo:''' &mdash;So that's why the the both of you were helping Klee catch some fish? To apologize?
:'''Paimon:''' T&mdash;That's right...
:'''Traveler:''' Y&mdash;Yup...
:'''Albedo:''' Ah, looks like Klee's new formula has some issues. I'll take a look at it later...
:'''Albedo:''' Before that, though, make sure you clean up the workshop, okay, Klee?
:'''Klee:''' Klee knows now! Sorry, Mr. Albedo!
:'''Klee:''' Klee will start cleaning right now!
:'''Albedo:''' Alright.
:'''Albedo:''' Let's go, Traveler. Let's grill some fish.
|dialogue_review_en = "Do you think Albedo will like the present we got for him?"
}}

<!-- interwikis -->
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/アルベド]]
[[uk:Фотографії та розповіді про гарні часи/Відомості/Альбедо]]
[[vi:Bức Ảnh Lưu Giữ Ngày Hẹn Hò/Câu Chuyện/Albedo]]