{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Diluc
|date               = 2023-04-30
|zh                 = 
;今天是迪卢克的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''我们来啦！
:'''迪卢克：'''晚上好，两位。
:'''派蒙：'''我们带了超——多新食材哦！可以调各种各样的饮品了，嘿嘿。
:'''迪卢克：'''基础的调制方法，你们应该很熟悉了。
:'''派蒙：'''没错，大家的评价都很不错哦。
:'''迪卢克：'''那自由发挥就好，需要的话，我可以提供一些建议。
:'''旅行者：'''先做一杯以墩墩桃汁为基底的果酿吧。
:'''派蒙：'''好耶！要不要再加点枣椰的果肉呢？赤念果…没吃过，但也可以试试吧？
:'''旅行者：'''派蒙，别太贪心了，一个一个来吧。
:'''迪卢克：'''上次的「苍古落日」口味很不错，期待你这次的成果，我会好好品尝的。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「期待你这次的成果，我会好好品尝的。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Diluc]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' We're here!
:'''Diluc:''' Good evening, you two.
:'''Paimon:''' We brought a whole lot of new ingredients! Now we can make all kinds of new drinks, hehe.
:'''Diluc:''' You should both be familiar with the basics of drink-making by now.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. We got some good reviews from everyone, too.
:'''Diluc:''' Then feel free to use your creativity. If necessary, I can provide some pointers.
:'''Traveler:''' Let's try making some cider from these [[Zaytun Peach]]es first.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay! Hmm, why don't we add some [[Ajilenakh Nut]]s too? Or maybe some of these [[Henna Berries]]... Paimon's never had them before, but it's worth a try, right?
:'''Traveler:''' Don't get too greedy, Paimon. One step at a time.
:'''Diluc:''' The "Gray Valley Sunset" you made last time was quite tasty. I look forward to trying out the drinks you'll make today. I'll be sure to savor them properly.
|dialogue_review_en = "I look forward to trying out the drinks you'll make today. I'll be sure to savor them properly."
}}