{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Alhaitham
|date               = 2023-02-11
|zh                 = 
;今天是艾尔海森的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''啊啊啊啊啊&mdash;&mdash;
:'''旅行者：'''嘘&mdash;&mdash;派蒙，别扯头发了，小心秃头哦。
:'''派蒙：'''为什么这书上的每一个字我都认识，可是它们连在一起我倒读不懂了…
:'''派蒙：'''半个小时过去了，我只读了两行字！
:'''派蒙：'''艾尔海森平时都在看这么晦涩又枯燥的书吗？
:'''艾尔海森：'''我并不觉得它们晦涩，也不觉得它们枯燥。
:'''派蒙：'''什…呜，那是因为你没读过真正轻松有趣的书！
:'''艾尔海森：'''你指的是这本《野猪公主》？
:'''艾尔海森：'''嗯…的确是一本有趣的书，各种名义上。
:'''派蒙：'''…你刚刚皱眉头了吧，绝对皱眉头了吧！
:'''派蒙：'''不过没关系，我们这回带了这么多书，《沉秋拾剑录》、《菲谢尔皇女夜谭》、《转生成为雷电将军，然后天下无敌》…
:'''派蒙：'''总有一本，包你满意~
|dialogue_review_zh = 嗯…的确是一本有趣的书，各种名义上。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Alhaitham]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Ahhh&mdash;
:'''Traveler:''' Shhh... Paimon, stop pulling your hair. You're gonna go bald.
:'''Paimon:''' Why can Paimon read every word in this book, but not understand a thing when they're all put together...
:'''Paimon:''' It's been half an hour and Paimon's only read two whole lines!
:'''Paimon:''' Alhaitham, do you always read books that are so dull and cryptic?
:'''Alhaitham:''' I don't think they're dull, nor do I think they're cryptic.
:'''Paimon:''' Wha... Hmph. Well, that's because you've never read any books that are actually relaxing and interesting!
:'''Alhaitham:''' You're referring to this book? [[The Boar Princess]]?
:'''Alhaitham:''' Sure... It's certainly an interesting book... in more ways than one.
:'''Paimon:''' ...You just furrowed your brows at that! You definitely did!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, no worries. We brought plenty of books this time... [[A Legend of Sword]], [[Flowers for Princess Fischl]], [[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]...
:'''Paimon:''' You're bound to like one of them!
|dialogue_review_en = Sure... It's certainly an interesting book... in more ways than one.
}}

<!-- interwikis -->



[[vi:Bức Ảnh Lưu Giữ Ngày Hẹn Hò/Câu Chuyện/Alhaitham]]