{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Shikanoin Heizou
|time               = 2022-07-24
|zh                 = 
;今天是鹿野院平藏的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''哎呀呀，这不是我的搭档和小派蒙嘛，下午好。
:'''旅行者：'''平藏，生日快乐。
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''嘿嘿，真体贴啊，谢谢你们。
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''好香的味道，里面装的是什么？让我猜猜…
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''是「绯樱天妇罗」吧？
:'''旅行者：'''猜对了。
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''不过，烹饪过程似乎不太顺利，你们应该尝试了很多遍。
:'''派蒙：'''你怎么知道…
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''你圆鼓鼓的小肚皮已经告诉我了哦。
:'''派蒙：'''欸？
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''嘴角也还挂着面衣呢。
:'''派蒙：'''欸&mdash;&mdash;
:'''鹿野院平藏：'''哈哈，趁它凉掉之前，我们快找个地方坐下来，一起享用吧。
|dialogue_review_zh = 趁它凉掉之前，我们快找个地方坐下来，一起享用吧。
|en                 =
;Today is [[Shikanoin Heizou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well hello there, if it isn't my dear partner and little Paimon. Good afternoon.
:'''Traveler:''' Happy birthday, Heizou.
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, how thoughtful of you guys. Thanks.
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It smells really good, what's inside? Let me guess...
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's [[Sakura Tempura]], isn't it?
:'''Traveler:''' Correct.
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But it seems like you guys had some trouble cooking it... and tested it a lot of times.
:'''Paimon:''' How did you know...
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Your bulging little belly ratted you out.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh?
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And you still have fried batter around your mouth.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh&mdash;
:'''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, let's find a place to sit down and enjoy it together before it gets cold.
|dialogue_review_en = Let's find a place to sit down and enjoy it together before it gets cold.
}}

<noinclude>
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/鹿野院平蔵]]
[[uk:Фотографії та розповіді про гарні часи/Відомості/Шіканоін Хейдзо]]
</noinclude>