{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Kujou Sara
|date               = 2023-07-14
|zh                 = 
;今天是九条裟罗的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''嘘，裟罗在训练呢。
:'''九条裟罗：'''没关系，既然来了，随意就好。
:'''派蒙：'''今天是裟罗的生日欸，要不要休息一下？一起去吃好吃的吧。
:'''九条裟罗：'''训练是每天都要做的，找理由懈怠的话，有了一次就会有第二次。
:（九条裟罗抬起弓箭，瞄准，松弦，动作一气呵成。）
:'''旅行者：'''正中红心。
:'''派蒙：'''哇&mdash;&mdash;不愧是裟罗！
:'''九条裟罗：'''旅行者，要试试吗？
:'''旅行者：'''没问题，来吧。
:'''派蒙：'''你可要好好表现，让我说出「不愧是旅行者」才行。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「训练是每天都要做的，找理由懈怠的话，有了一次就会有第二次。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Kujou Sara]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Traveler:''' Shh. Sara's in the middle of her training.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Don't worry. Since you came all the way, please make yourself at home.
:'''Paimon:''' It's your birthday today, Sara! Would you like to take a break? We can go and get something tasty to eat.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' One should keep up with their training everyday. If you allow yourself to miss even one day of training, it'll easily become a habit.
:(Kujou Sara lifts her bow, aims, and lets forth the arrow. Her movements are clean and quick.)
:'''Traveler:''' Bullseye.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa&mdash; I knew Sara would be good at this!
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Would you like to have a go, Traveler?
:'''Traveler:''' Sure. Let's do it.
:'''Paimon:''' You need to give it your all, Traveler! You need to give me a chance to say "Whoa, I knew the Traveler would be good at this!"
|dialogue_review_en = "One should keep up with their training everyday. If you allow yourself to miss even one day of training, it'll easily become a habit."
}}