{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Zhongli
|date               = 2023-12-31
|zh                 = 
;今天是钟离的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''钟离：'''以往采买工作都有其他人负责，不过今日他们似乎在忙别的事情。幸好有二位帮忙，不然还得多跑几趟。
:'''派蒙：'''不用谢不用谢，正好路过~这清单也太长了，下一个下一个~
:'''钟离：'''嗯，下一项，水产品…就拜托旅行者了。
:'''旅行者：'''没问题。麻烦老板，需要「纹路清晰、肉质肥美的…中段」，很适合做水煮鱼的…
:'''钟离：'''如此细致的要求，看来是要在十分讲究的场合使用。在我印象中，好像没有什么仪式会用到这种鱼。
:'''派蒙：'''啊，这，堂主的想法天马行空，我们按照清单买就行~还有需要采买的吗？比如蛋糕、彩带什么的？
:'''旅行者：'''咳咳&mdash;&mdash;（派蒙，保密！）
|dialogue_review_zh = 「如此细致的要求，看来是要在十分讲究的场合使用。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Zhongli]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Zhongli:''' Someone else usually handles errands like these, but it seems like everyone is busy with something else today. Thank you both for the help. I'd be in for quite the long day otherwise.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we just happened to be passing by anyway~ Man, this sure is a long list! Let's move onto the next item~
:'''Zhongli:''' Yes, let's carry on. Seafood... I'm afraid you'll have to take this one, Traveler.
:'''Traveler:''' You got it. Hello there, we'd like to buy a fish. The flesh should be "plump, fatty, and have clear, distinct stripes," please. We'll need a center cut. Something good for [[Wanmin Restaurant's Boiled Fish|boiled fish]]...
:'''Zhongli:''' With such an intricate order, the fish must be intended for a very particular purpose. I don't personally recall a ritual or ceremony that would call for such a fish though.
:'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Ah! Well, the [[Hu Tao|director]]'s known for her extremely imaginative ideas, after all. We should just follow the instructions she gave us~ Is there anything else we need to get? Like cake or colorful ribbons, maybe?
:'''Traveler:''' Ahem&mdash; (Paimon, don't spill the secret!)
|dialogue_review_en = "With such an intricate order, the fish must be intended for a very particular purpose."
}}