{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Lisa
|date               = 2023-06-09
|zh                 = ;今天是丽莎的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''丽莎，又见面啦！
:'''丽莎：'''出来享受下午茶时间，正好就能遇到你们，真是有缘。
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，我们正准备来吃点东西，旅行者，我好饿——
:'''旅行者：'''知道啦。
:（派蒙立刻去拿菜单，回来时差点撞到了摞在桌边的书。）
:'''旅行者：'''这些书是……？
:'''丽莎：'''玛乔丽小姐正好有些书要还回去。怎么样，要体验下蒙德的学术氛围吗，可以帮你们挑一些哦。
:'''派蒙：'''（想起了一些在须弥的经历……）
:'''派蒙：'''有些书，虽然字都认识，但是连起来就看不懂了。
:'''丽莎：'''虽然我会尽量避免不必要的工作，但如果是小可爱和小派蒙，可以为你们量身定制「特训」，包教包会哦~
:'''派蒙：'''噫——
|dialogue_review_zh = 如果是小可爱和小派蒙，可以为你们量身定制「特训」，包教包会哦~
|en                 = ;Today is [[Lisa]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Lisa, we meet again!
:'''Lisa:''' I just came out for some afternoon tea. What a coincidence that I'd bump into you two.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, we were just about to get some food. Traveler, I'm hungry...
:'''Traveler:''' Go ahead.
:(Paimon speeds off to grab a menu, almost knocking over the pile of books at the edge of the table on the way back)
:'''Traveler:''' What are these books?
:'''Lisa:''' [[Marjorie]] just happened to have some books to return. Why? Did you want a taste of Mondstadt's academic atmosphere? I can pick some out for you.
:'''Paimon:''' (This brings up certain memories from Sumeru...)
:'''Paimon:''' There are some books where you know all the words, but not when they've been put together into a sentence.
:'''Lisa:''' I do try to avoid unnecessary work, but if it's you two, I could put together a "special training" program custom-made for you. I'll teach you personally until you understand~
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh...
|dialogue_review_en = If it's you two, I could put together a "special training" program custom-made for you. I'll teach you personally until you understand~
}}