{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Dehya
|date               = 2023-04-07
|zh                 = 
;今天是迪希雅的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''呼&mdash;&mdash;今天买了好多饰品呢。迪希雅的头发又长又亮，戴上它们肯定很好看！
:'''派蒙：'''迪希雅？你怎么突然不说话了…
:'''迪希雅：'''…啊，抱歉，想起了一些过去的事情。
:'''派蒙：'''过去？迪希雅以前过生日也会买很多漂亮的饰品吗？
:'''迪希雅：'''不，沙漠中并没有这么多新奇的玩意儿。
:'''迪希雅：'''不过在我小的时候，有一次生日，库塞拉…我的老爹，他用一些不知从哪弄来的奇怪装扮，把我从头到脚打扮了一番。
:'''迪希雅：'''大家把我围在中间，唱着不成调的曲子。然后老爹端来加了满满一碗枣椰肉的牛奶，让我对着它许个生日愿望。
:'''旅行者：'''你父亲很用心。
:'''迪希雅：'''是吗？老爹总是笨手笨脚的，他套在我脚上的鞋大了好几码，每走一步就会灌一脚沙子。
:'''迪希雅：'''还有那碗牛奶，因为加了太多枣椰肉，甜到有些发腻。
:'''迪希雅：'''呵呵…很滑稽吧？现在回想起来，佣兵团里都是些粗鲁的汉子，老爹肯定也不知道该如何给女儿过一个理想的生日吧。
:'''旅行者：'''迪希雅…
:'''迪希雅：'''哈哈哈，别露出那样的表情啊。现在不是还有你们陪着我嘛。
:'''迪希雅：'''能像今天这样和朋友一起庆祝的生日，于我而言来之不易。
:'''迪希雅：'''所以，谢谢你们今天过来陪我。
|dialogue_review_zh = 「能像今天这样和朋友一起庆祝的生日，于我而言来之不易。所以，谢谢你们今天过来陪我。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Dehya]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Phew&mdash; We sure bought a lot of accessories today. Dehya's hair is so long and glossy, Paimon's sure she'll look good wearing them!
:'''Paimon:''' Dehya? Why'd you get so quiet all of a sudden...?
:'''Dehya:''' ...Ah, sorry. I was thinking about old times.
:'''Paimon:''' Old times? Did you always get to buy so many pretty new accessories on your birthday?
:'''Dehya:''' No, we didn't have anything like this in the desert.
:'''Dehya:''' But once, when I was little, [[Kusayla]]... I mean, my dad gave me a full-body makeover using whatever strange clothes he could cobble together from who-knows-where.
:'''Dehya:''' Everyone would gather around me in a circle, singing off-key. Then my old dad would bring over a bowl full of milk with [[Ajilenakh Nut]]s, telling me to make a wish.
:'''Traveler:''' Sounds like your dad was really trying his best.
:'''Dehya:''' You think so? My dad was such a clumsy guy. The shoes he tied to me were several sizes bigger than my actual feet. I'd get a whole foot full of sand every time I took a step.
:'''Dehya:''' Not to mention the milk! It was way too sweet from all the Ajilenakh Nuts in it.
:'''Dehya:''' Heh... Sounds pretty ridiculous, huh? Looking back on it now, I'm sure my old dad probably had no idea how to give his daughter an ideal birthday. The mercenaries were mostly just a gang of rough-and-tumble guys, after all.
:'''Traveler:''' Dehya...
:'''Dehya:''' Hahaha, don't make that face. I have you guys here with me now, don't I?
:'''Dehya:''' To me, getting to celebrate my birthday like this with my friends isn't something I take for granted at all.
:'''Dehya:''' So thank you for spending time with me today.
|dialogue_review_en = "To me, getting to celebrate my birthday like this with my friends isn't something I take for granted at all. So thank you for spending time with me today."
}}