{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Kaedehara Kazuha
|date               = 2023-10-29
|zh                 = 
;今天是枫原万叶的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''枫原万叶：'''好久不见，旅行者、派蒙。没想到会在这里遇到你们。
:'''派蒙：'''你好呀，万叶！我们最近在参加诗歌大会，今天正巧来璃月港转转。
:'''枫原万叶：'''对此我也有所耳闻，可惜我刚随船队回到璃月，未能赶上如此盛会。看二位的神色，想必玩得非常开心吧。
:'''旅行者：'''很有趣的活动，难得派蒙这几天还想买书学习呢。
:'''枫原万叶：'''哦？虽然在下诗才不佳，遇到诗友也该好好交流一番才是。
:'''派蒙：'''哼哼，那我们就来对对子！
:'''枫原万叶：'''「巧遇旧友，言谈甚欢，堂上尽抒诗兴。」
:'''派蒙：'''呃…「初…初尝新菜，风味俱佳，桌前…桌前大吃一斤！」
:'''旅行者：'''噗……
|dialogue_review_zh = 「巧遇旧友，言谈甚欢，堂上尽抒诗兴。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It's been a while, Traveler, Paimon. I didn't expect to see you two here.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey there, Kazuha! We took part in a [[Waterborne Poetry/Story|poetry gala]] recently, so we're just taking a stroll around Liyue today.
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I did indeed hear about the poetry gala. It's a shame that [[the Crux]] has only just returned to Liyue, so I wasn't able to make the event. By the looks of you two, I'm sure you very much enjoyed yourselves.
:'''Traveler:''' It's been really fun. Paimon even mentioned she wanted to buy a few books to learn more about poetry.
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Is that so? I've not quite mastered the art of poetry myself, but one should always take the opportunity to exchange a few verses among like-minded friends, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, then let's do a matching couplet!
:'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "A serendipitious encounter with old friends, conversations joyous and inspiring, lovely poetry exchanged amidst the halls."
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh... "A first taste of new dishes, flavors delicious and satisfying, yummy food savored around the table!"
:'''Traveler:''' Pfft...
|dialogue_review_en = "A serendipitious encounter with old friends, conversations joyous and inspiring, lovely poetry exchanged amidst the halls."
}}