{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Kuki Shinobu
|date               = 2023-07-27
|zh                 = ;今天是久岐忍的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''阿忍——欸？好像不在呢。
:'''派蒙：'''她说有东西要交给我们，就是桌上这些吗？
:'''旅行者：'''可这些看起来…像是考试笔记。
:'''派蒙：'''该说不愧是阿忍吗…
:'''久岐忍：'''不好意思，我来迟了。刚才帮派那边有些急事，只好临时赶去处理。
:'''久岐忍：'''给，我之前提过的礼物。听说你们最近要踏上新的旅程，希望它能带给你们好运。
:'''派蒙：'''哇，好漂亮的御守！
:'''久岐忍：'''老大和阿守他们也托我带了句话，希望你们一切顺利。
:'''旅行者：'''阿忍，谢谢你。
:'''派蒙：'''谢谢阿忍！呼，我还以为…
:'''久岐忍：'''以为我要送的是笔记？呵呵，说起来这本正好和户外探险相关，我在准备相关的考试。
:'''久岐忍：'''你们是经验丰富的冒险家，感兴趣的话要不要看看都考些什么？
:'''派蒙：'''呜——旅行者，加油啊！
|dialogue_review_zh = 你们是经验丰富的冒险家，感兴趣的话要不要看看都考些什么？
|en                 = ;Today is [[Kuki Shinobu]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Kuki- Huh? It seems that she is not here.
:'''Paimon:''' She said that she wants to give us something, are they these things on the table?
:'''Traveler:''' But these looks like... notes for examinations.
:'''Paimon:''' Should I say it's Kuki after all...
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Sorry for being late. The [[Arataki Gang]] has some emergencies, so I have to deal with them.
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Here, the gift I had mentioned before. I heard that you will soon be going on a new journey, so I hope this will bring you good luck.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, such a beautiful omamori!
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' The leader and Mamoru also wish that everything will turn out fine for you.
:'''Traveler:''' Thanks, Kuki.
:'''Paimon:''' Thank you too! Phew, I thought...
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' You thought that I would give you these notes? Well, this is about outdoor exploration, as I am preparing for a related exam.
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' You are experienced adventurers, so why not try taking an exam if you are interested?
:'''Paimon:''' What-- I'm counting on you, traveler!
|dialogue_review_en = You are experienced adventurers, so why not try taking an exam if you are interested?
}}