{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Arataki Itto
|date               = 2022-06-01
|zh                 = 
;今天是荒泷一斗的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''哟！我的挚友啊，欢迎来到「荒泷天下独尊一斗的生日豪歌会」！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''你们是今天到场的第七位和第八位客人！
:'''派蒙：'''居、居然有这么多人！还有谁来了呀？
:'''荒泷一斗：'''既然你诚心诚意地发问了，本大爷就也诚心诚意地告诉你！听好了…
:'''荒泷一斗：'''一共八位，除了我们三个之外，还有鬼婆婆、阿晃、阿守、元太、阿忍…
:'''荒泷一斗：'''对了，还有阿丑！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''欸…
:'''荒泷一斗：'''这不是有九位嘛，哈哈哈哈！
:'''派蒙：'''阿丑也算啊！
:'''荒泷一斗：'''那当然！阿丑可是荒泷派的编外成员。
:'''荒泷一斗：'''来，你们俩别不好意思，站到这里，把内心的豪情和对本大爷的祝福都唱出来！
|dialogue_review_zh = 欢迎来到「荒泷天下独尊一斗的生日豪歌会」！
|en                 =
;Today is [[Arataki Itto]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Yo, compadre! Welcome to "Arataki 'The One and Oni' Itto's Glorious Singing Party"!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' You guys are the seventh and eighth guests to show up today!
:'''Paimon:''' T&mdash;there were actually that many people!? Who else came today?
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Since you asked so sincerely, I will answer you sincerely as well! Listen carefully...
:'''Arataki Itto:''' There's a total of eight people. Other than us three, there was [[Granny Oni]], [[Akira]], [[Mamoru]], [[Genta]], [[Kuki Shinobu|Shinobu]]...
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Oh right, there's also [[Ushi]]!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Hm...
:'''Arataki Itto:''' That makes it nine, doesn't it? Hahahaha!
:'''Paimon:''' Ushi counts too!?
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Of course! Ushi is an auxiliary member of the Arataki Gang, you know.
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Come, don't be shy! Stand here and sing out all your innermost aspirations and your blessings for me!
|dialogue_review_en = Welcome to "Arataki 'The One and Oni' Itto's Glorious Singing Party"!
}}

<!-- interwikis -->