{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Venti
|date               = 2023-06-16
|zh                 = 
;今天是温迪的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''旅行者：'''温迪，生日快乐！
:'''派蒙：'''锵锵&mdash;&mdash;我和旅行者一起做了苹果蛋糕！
:'''温迪：'''哇哦，谢谢你们。那么，世上最好的吟游诗人，给你们带来特别演出吧。
:'''派蒙：'''好耶，温迪你真好！
:'''温迪：'''礼尚往来嘛。这次加上了你们的新故事，我早就准备好咯。那么，开始啦。
:（温迪唱起了他新写的诗歌，派蒙拉开纸质礼炮，彩带在空中散开，又缓缓落下。）
:'''温迪：'''哇，还有这样的舞台效果。
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，是我准备的哦。
:'''派蒙：'''不过…走之前不会要我一片一片捡起来吧…
:'''温迪：'''小事一桩，风一吹就收拾好了嘛。
:'''旅行者：'''…原来风神还会把元素力用在这种事情上。
:'''温迪：'''欸嘿。
|dialogue_review_zh = 那么，世上最好的吟游诗人，给你们带来特别演出吧。<!--there were no quotation brackets in the original chinese-->
|en                 =
;Today is [[Venti]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Traveler:''' Happy birthday, Venti!
:'''Paimon:''' Tada&mdash; Paimon and the Traveler made this apple cake for you!
:'''Venti:''' Wow, thank you both! As the greatest bard in the whole world, allow me to put on a special performance for you.
:'''Paimon:''' Yay! You're the best, Venti!
:'''Venti:''' I'm just returning the favor. I've been waiting for a chance to perform this ever since the both of you told me all those new stories. Now then, shall we begin?
:(Venti begins to perform the new ballad he's written. Paimon lets loose a party popper. The confetti flutters in the air, before gently settling on the floor.)
:'''Venti:''' Wow, we even have stage effects for the song.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon prepared this in advance.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... Is Paimon going to have to pick up the confetti pieces one by one before we leave?
:'''Venti:''' Oh, that'll be a breeze. A little gust of wind will make quick work of that.
:'''Traveler:''' ...So this is the sort of stuff the Anemo Archon uses his elemental powers for, huh?
:'''Venti:''' Ehe.
|dialogue_review_en = As the greatest bard in the whole world, allow me to put on a special performance for you.
}}