{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Mika
|date               = 2023-08-11
|zh                 = 
;今天是米卡的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''米卡！等一下&mdash;&mdash;
:'''米卡：'''啊！是旅行者和派蒙…你们好…请问，有什么事吗？
:'''旅行者：'''这么着急，是要去哪里嘛？
:'''米卡：'''没有没有，刚完成了工作，想要快点回到远征队去…有什么需要我做的吗？请都交给我吧！
:'''派蒙：'''欸？不是的啦！我们听说你今天在这里，特地来找你，有个东西想送给你。
:'''旅行者：'''这里记录了我们旅行途中遇到的一些探险心得，希望对你的工作有帮助，生日快乐米卡！
:'''米卡：'''超级强者的笔记，这实在是太珍贵了，谢谢你们！
:'''派蒙：'''生日快乐~等你们远征结束，一起去吃好吃的~
|dialogue_review_zh = 「超级强者的笔记，这实在是太珍贵了，谢谢你们！」
|en                 = 
;Today is [[Mika]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Paimon:''' Mika! Wait up&mdash;
:'''Mika:''' Ah! It's the Traveler and Paimon... Hello... Is anything the matter?
:'''Traveler:''' You look like you're in a hurry. Are you heading somewhere?
:'''Mika:''' No, no, I just finished my work, so I'd like to get back to the expedition team as soon as possible... Did you need me for anything? Please feel free to ask for help!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh, no! We heard you'd be here today, so we came to look for you. We have something to give you.
:'''Traveler:''' We recorded some of the insights we've learned during our adventures in this notebook. Hopefully it'll be of use to you in your work! Happy birthday, Mika!
:'''Mika:''' Notes from a strong adventurer... This is incredibly valuable, thank you both!
:'''Paimon:''' Happy birthday~ We can have a nice meal together when you return from your expedition~
|dialogue_review_en = "Notes from a strong adventurer... This is incredibly valuable, thank you both!"
}}