{{EventTabs}}
==Stories==
{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Beidou
|time               = 2023-02-14
|zh                 = 
;今天是北斗的生日哦，我们快去为她庆祝吧！
:'''派蒙：'''大&mdash;&mdash;姐&mdash;&mdash;头&mdash;&mdash;我们在这里！
:'''北斗：'''哟，是旅行者和派蒙来了，云先生也在，好久不见。
:'''旅行者：'''云堇听说你今日返航，于是和我们一起在万民堂准备了一桌菜，大家小聚一下。
:'''北斗：'''在海上确实格外想念万民堂的口味，大家费心了。来，这个你们先拿着。
:'''北斗：'''别惊讶，壶里其实是果汁，算是这次出航的意外收获吧。
:'''北斗：'''我和兄弟们都觉得味道很不错，所以用酒壶带了一份回来给你们试试。
:'''派蒙：'''好耶！大姐头见多识广，味道一定很不错！如果先偷偷尝一口的话，旅行者不会发现吧&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''欸，旅行者呢？
:'''北斗：'''哈哈哈，旅行者好像被拉住了。
:'''北斗：'''这次出航收获颇多，给大家准备了不少礼物，千万别客气！
|dialogue_review_zh = 这次出航收获颇多，给大家准备了不少礼物，千万别客气！
|en                 =
;Today is [[Beidou]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with her!
:'''Paimon:''' Caaaptaiiin! We're here!
:'''Beidou:''' Hey, Traveler and Paimon. You're here. [[Yun Jin|Ms. Yun]], too. It's been a while.
:'''Traveler:''' Yun Jin heard you were sailing back today, so we prepared a table of food at Wanmin Restaurant for a small get-together.
:'''Beidou:''' I've definitely been missing the taste of Wanmin Restaurant at sea. Thanks everyone. Here, take this.
:'''Beidou:''' Don't be too shocked &mdash; it's just juice inside that jug. It was a sort of surprise find on our expedition.
:'''Beidou:''' The crew and I thought it tasted pretty good, so we bottled some up in a wine jug for you guys to try.
:'''Paimon:''' Yay! With the Captain's vast knowledge and experience, I'm sure it'll be delicious! The Traveler won't notice if Paimon secretly takes a sip, right&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, where's the Traveler?
:'''Beidou:''' Hahaha, looks like {{MC|he|she}}'s been held up.
:'''Beidou:''' We got plenty of stuff on this expedition so we prepared lots of gifts for everyone. Help yourselves!
|dialogue_review_en = We got plenty of stuff on this expedition so we prepared lots of gifts for everyone. Help yourselves!
}}