{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Xingqiu
|date               = 2022-10-09
|zh                 = 
;今天是行秋的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''行秋：'''「他挺剑疾刺，接着…接着…」
:'''行秋：'''唔…这里该接什么动作好呢？想把打戏写得生动灵巧可真难。
:'''派蒙：'''这时候，当然是从亲身实践中找灵感啦。
:'''派蒙：'''看，那边有几个鬼鬼祟祟得家伙，我们去教训教训他们！
:'''行秋：'''好主意。
:……
:'''盗宝团成员：'''是…是你！少侠饶命，我们今天没干坏事啊&mdash;&mdash;
:'''派蒙：'''遛得好快！看来我派蒙的名号连盗宝团都知道啦，哼哼~
:'''派蒙：'''只可惜现成的素材就这么跑掉了…
:'''行秋：'''哈，原来是我的「老相识们」。
:'''行秋：'''有了，「他挺剑疾刺，那贼人招架不住，连退数步…」
:'''派蒙：'''欸？行秋进入了「噼咔」状态了！笔呢，笔呢，赶紧帮他记下来…
|dialogue_review_zh = 他挺剑疾刺，那贼人招架不住，连退数步…
|en                 =
;Today is [[Xingqiu]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Xingqiu:''' "He swiftly unsheathed his sword, thrusting it forth, and then... and then..."
:'''Xingqiu:''' Hmm... What should the next action be? It's so hard to make fighting scenes lifelike and skillful...
:'''Paimon:''' If you're stuck, you should look for inspiration from a fight in person.
:'''Paimon:''' Look, there's some suspicious-looking guys over there. Let's go give them a lesson!
:'''Xingqiu:''' Good idea.
:...
:'''Treasure Hoarder:''' I&mdash;It's you! Have mercy, young master! We haven't done anything bad today...
:'''Paimon:''' He sure ran off fast! Looks like Paimon's name is well-known among the Treasure Hoarders, hehe~
:'''Paimon:''' But unfortunately, it looks like our inspiration source ran off just like that...
:'''Xingqiu:''' Hah, so they were my "old acquaintances."
:'''Xingqiu:''' I've got it. "He swiftly unsheathed his sword, thrusting it forth. The thief was immediately overwhelmed and backed up quickly..."
:'''Paimon:''' Oh? Xingqiu got into his "boom shaka-laka" zone! Pen, get a pen, help him write it down!
|dialogue_review_en = He swiftly unsheathed his sword, thrusting it forth. The thief was immediately overwhelmed and backed up quickly...
}}



<!-- interwikis -->
[[ja:楽しい時間を思い出に残す写真/ストーリー/行秋]]
[[vi:Bức Ảnh Lưu Giữ Ngày Hẹn Hò/Câu Chuyện/Xingqiu]]