{{TPRGT Story
|character          = Tighnari
|date               = 2023-12-29
|zh                 = 
;今天是提纳里的生日哦，我们快去为他庆祝吧！
:'''提纳里：'''水之国生长的植物果然与雨林中的差异甚大，谢谢你们带来如此珍贵的礼物。
:'''提纳里：'''加上巡林时收获的这些，足够做一批新的标本了。
:'''派蒙：'''嘿嘿，你喜欢就好~
:'''提纳里：'''整理完这些我们就去吃饭吧。柯莱那孩子听说你们要来，几天前就开始念叨要准备些什么来招待。
:'''派蒙：'''好耶&mdash;&mdash;那我们现在开始！
:……
:'''提纳里：'''唔，虹彩蔷薇和须弥蔷薇虽然名字相近，外形却相去甚远…真是有趣。
:'''派蒙：'''（悄声）呜哇！旅行者你看这种叶子的形状，是不是很像…
:'''旅行者：'''咳咳，派蒙&mdash;&mdash;
|dialogue_review_zh = 「水之国生长的植物果然与雨林中的差异甚大，谢谢你们带来如此珍贵的礼物。」
|en                 =
;Today is [[Tighnari]]'s birthday, let's go and celebrate with him!
:'''Tighnari:''' Turns out plants from the [[Fontaine|Nation of Hydro]] are vastly different from plants that grow in the rainforest after all. Thank you both for bringing me such a lovely gift.
:'''Tighnari:''' With the plants I collected while out on patrol, I have enough to make a few new samples.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, as long as you like them~
:'''Tighnari:''' Let's go grab a meal after I finish sorting these samples out. Collei's been mumbling about preparing something to welcome you two  ever since she heard you were visiting a few days ago.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! We'll get to it now, then!
:...
:'''Tighnari:''' Hmm, [[Rainbow Rose]]s and [[Sumeru Rose]]s have similar names, but they seem to exhibit completely different physical characteristics... Interesting.
:'''Paimon:''' (Quietly) Whoa! Traveler, look at the shape of these leaves. Don't they look like...
:'''Traveler:''' Ahem, Paimon&mdash;
|dialogue_review_en = "Turns out plants from the [[Fontaine|Nation of Hydro]] are vastly different from plants that grow in the rainforest after all. Thank you both for bringing me such a lovely gift."
}}