{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Takuya.png
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|group            = Oni
|voiceEN          = [https://www.brandonwincklervoice.com/ Brandon Winckler]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/BWincklerVA/status/1470823971436199938 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/杨超然 Yang Chaoran ({{zh|杨超然}})]
}}
'''Takuya''' {{Lang|ja=卓也}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|The Oni's Pride}}.

==Profile==
Takuya is a blue [[oni]]. He was aware of the [[Inazuma]]n fairytale regarding the blue and crimson oni, resulting in him and his fellow blue oni living in a life of misery as they could not rely on humans for support. As a result, he chose to abandon his pride to support his people. [[Nogata]], the leader of a ronin group, presumably invited him for his raw strength which Takuya accepted, but only on the condition that no innocent people be killed, causing significant friction among Nogata's men. Nogata's men kidnapped many people, but Takuya did his best to provide them with extra food and water behind the vagrants' backs. When the vagrants ambushed the traveling merchant [[Masato]], Takuya prevented them from killing him and they simply took his goods.

As the people of Inazuma believed the blue oni to have died off, Takuya was not considered a suspect as the crimson oni, [[Arataki Itto]], claimed to be responsible so he could figure out why Takuya had resorted to a life of crime. With the aid of the [[Traveler]], Itto learned that Takuya held a grudge against him for not upholding their ancient pact as he and his brethren were suffering immensely, believing that Itto was forsaking the pact. He fled into Nogata's hideout, but when the leader attempted to blow the hideout up, he immediately changed sides as a result of the blatant violation of his agreement for joining the group and to sacrifice himself to atone for his sins. Itto later saved him from getting crushed and the two made their way out, where they were arrested by [[Tenryou Commission]] soldiers for their crimes. Itto reassured Takuya that he would have someone take care of his people until they were released from jail.

===Appearance===
As a blue oni, Takuya has blue horns and markings across his body.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival===
''Available after completing [[As Though Surrounded by Thunder]]''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Takuya:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Wait, aren't you...
:'''Takuya:''' *cough* That's right, I'm the Blue Oni descendant who was arrested in that [[Rise Up, Golden Soul|previous incident]]. I didn't expect to meet you again under these circumstances.
:'''Takuya:''' [[Yae Miko|A kitsune lady]] came to the [[Police Station]] the other day, saying that an oni-related incident had come up, and that I might have the chance to make amends for my crime.
:'''Takuya:''' But as it turned out, everything had been taken care of before I could even arrive... and I see humans and [[youkai]] staging such a grand festival together...
:'''Takuya:''' ...Could it be that she just wanted me to see with my own eyes that both youkai and oni are already getting along with humans just fine...?
:'''Takuya:''' *cough* Anyway, help me keep this outing of mine a secret, alright? Especially from [[Itto|that Crimson Oni descendant]].
:'''Takuya:''' He'll start pestering me to join the [[Arataki Gang]] again... which is a decision I'd rather put off until my sentence ends and I've spent some time living as a free man... I mean, oni.
:{{DIcon}} He'd go to the Police Station to look for you if he had to.
:'''Takuya:''' ...On that count, I guess you'll just have to keep a better eye on him.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Takuya
|zhs      = 卓也
|zhs_rm   = Zhuōyě
|zht      = 卓也
|zht_rm   = Zhuōyě
|ja       = 卓也
|ja_rm    = Takuya
|ko       = 타쿠야
|es       = Takuya
|fr       = Takuya
|ru       = Такуя
|th       = Takuya
|vi       = Takuya
|de       = Takuya
|id       = Takuya
|pt       = Takuya
|tr       = Takuya
|it       = Takuya
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[de:Takuya]]
[[pt-br:Takuya]]