{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20600
|part          = 1
|type          = Commission
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Viktor
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Favonius Cathedral]], [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Viktor
|next          = Equivalent Exchange
|other         = *Grants the achievement [[Telling It How It Is]] by listening to all three stories once.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Mora|2,000}}
}}
'''Tales of Winter''' is a daily [[Commission]] that occurs in [[Favonius Cathedral]], [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
# Talk to [[Viktor]]
# Collect [[Mitachurl Loot]] / [[Treasure Hoarder Loot]] / [[Ruin Guard Loot]]
# Talk to Viktor

==Notes==
* Completing this commission after selecting each of the 3 questions (by completing the commission at least 3 times) will grant the achievement ''[[Telling It How It Is]]''. Duplicate options are still available on repeat attempts, so the player should keep in mind which one(s) they already chose.
* Completing this commission for the first time unlocks the [[Equivalent Exchange]] World Quest.
* When having selected the [[Fatui]] option (the one where [[Viktor]] asks the player to collect [[Mitachurl Loot]]), there is no need to defeat the [[Hilichurls#Hilichurl Berserkers|Hilichurl Berserker]], since simply defeating the [[Hilichurls#Blazing Axe Mitachurls|Blazing Axe Mitachurl]] will cause the player to obtain the Mitachurl Loot. Similarly, when having selected the [[Delusion]] option (the one where Viktor asks the player to collect [[Treasure Hoarder Loot]]), defeating the [[Treasure Hoarders#Gravediggers|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger]] in the second wave is unnecessary, since the player only needs to defeat the [[Treasure Hoarders#Crushers|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher]] in order to obtain the Treasure Hoarder Loot.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

The commission will also grant an additional 2,000 [[Mora]].

==Enemies==
; Fatui (Mitachurl Loot)
: [[Thousand Winds Temple]], southwest of the [[Temple of the Wolf]]
:*Wave 1:
::* {{Enemy|Electro Hilichurl Shooter|x=3}}
::* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Grenadier|x=2}}
::* {{Enemy|Anemo Samachurl|x=1}}
:*Wave 2:
::* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Berserker|x=1}}
::* {{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|x=1}}
; Delusions (Treasure Hoarder Loot)
:[[Brightcrown Canyon]], southwest of the [[Teleport Waypoints|Teleport Waypoint]]
:*Wave 1:
::* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer|x=1}}
::* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger|x=1}}
::* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman|x=1}}
::* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer|x=1}}
::* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|x=1}}
:*Wave 2:
::* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher|x=1}}
::* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger|x=1}}
; Tsaritsa (Ruin Guard Loot)
: [[Brightcrown Canyon]], northwest of the [[Teleport Waypoints|Teleport Waypoint]]
:* {{Enemy|Ruin Guard|x=1}}
: (Do note that this Ruin Guard will spawn in addition to the regular Ruin Guard that spawns nearby.)

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In Mondstadt, the [[Fatui]] member [[Viktor]] is recruiting people to join their cause. This may be a good opportunity to pry into what the Fatui is up to.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Viktor:''' Traveler, over here. I've been watching you.
:{{DIcon}} What do you want?
:'''Viktor:''' Come now, why the wary tone? I've got a fine proposition for you.
:'''Viktor:''' How would you like to join the Fatui?
:'''Paimon:''' You wish! Isn't that right?
:{{DIcon}} I'll give it some thought.
:: '''Paimon:''' Hey! What do you mean you'll give it some thought? Shouldn't we be refusing right away?
:: '''Viktor:''' You've got a good eye. If you want to do great things, there's no place like the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} Well, this is Mondstadt.
:: '''Viktor:''' And so what if it is? We, the Fatui, recruit from all over the continent. This is fair game, and Knights have no say in it.
:'''Viktor:''' Now... By the look of you, you must have questions, yes?
:;(Dialogue branches off here, and affects Viktor's response after completing the commission.)
:{{DIcon}} So, tell me about the Fatui...
::'''Viktor:''' How very direct. Hmm, this is quite the long story.
::'''Viktor:''' But given that you're not yet an official member of the Fatui, I can't tell you, either...
::'''Viktor:''' I've heard that there are a lot of hilichurls around [[Mondstadt]], and some have even huddled together into groups.
::'''Viktor:''' Let's make a deal. You take a stroll outside and bring a trophy from a Mitachurl back for me, and I'll tell you a little story. How does that sound?
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
:::'''Viktor:''' Very straightforward, I like it. One hardly finds someone like you in Mondstadt.
:::'''Viktor:''' Hurry along, then. I'll be waiting for you here. Did I mention that you should hurry?
::{{DIcon}} Is this all you need?
:::'''Viktor:''' What, too easy? It'll do, or do you think you can take on something nastier?
:::'''Viktor:''' Just go, and be back soon. I'll wait here.
:::'''Viktor:''' *sigh* If you'd kept me waiting any longer, I'd have been put to sleep by this wind...
:;(Talking to Viktor again)
::'''Viktor:''' Don't forget, it's a Mitachurl trophy that you want. Come back here once you've got it.
::'''Viktor:''' What is it, specifically? It's... a horn. Just go get it already.
:{{DIcon}} So, about Delusions, then...
::'''Viktor:''' Hah! I say, are you an idiot, or is that just an act?
::'''Viktor:''' You're not even an official member of the Fatui. Do you really think you can ask "what's a [[Delusion]]?" just like that?
::'''Viktor:''' Do you think I'd tell you? Like those two [[Knights of Favonius]] guards at the gate?
::'''Viktor:''' Still, Delusions are our precious pride and joy &mdash; it couldn't hurt to explain a little.
::'''Viktor:''' How about this, then. I believe you've seen those Treasure Hoarders outside Mondstadt?
::'''Viktor:''' They're a bunch of skulking two-bit pikers, but they do sometimes blunder into something valuable.
::'''Viktor:''' If you could head over there and take a little something off them, I'll tell you a bit about Delusions in return.
::{{DIcon}} Alright, then.
:::'''Viktor:''' I think I like you. Off you go, then.
::{{DIcon}} Are you lacking money?
:::'''Viktor:''' Money? Hahaha, do you take me for one of those Knights of Favonius?
:::'''Viktor:''' No, I'd just like to see what those Treasure Hoarders can dig up in Mondstadt.
:::'''Viktor:''' That said, I don't think they'll find anything decent. *chuckles*
:;(Talking to Viktor again)
::'''Viktor:''' Remember, you want to nick something off those Treasure Hoarders.
::'''Viktor:''' The deal is off if you try to fool me with any old thing.
:{{DIcon}} Now, about the Tsaritsa...
::'''Viktor:''' What, you want to ask me about the Tsaritsa?
::'''Viktor:''' Is she the reason you want to join the Fatui?
::'''Viktor:''' I don't mean to put you down, but weigh your words for a moment, why don't you?
::'''Viktor:''' Still, the Tsaritsa is something that I cannot tell you about.
::'''Viktor:''' Why don't you go grab something off a Ruin Guard? I'm in need of something to fiddle with.
::{{DIcon}} I... Fine.
:::'''Viktor:''' Well, then off you get. I'll be waiting here.
::{{DIcon}} What do you need that for?
:::'''Viktor:''' Eh? Can't a man collect trinkets? Or are you Mondstadt folk afraid of a little Ruin Guard?
:::'''Viktor:''' To us Fatui, we would barely need to lift a finger to take care of it.
:::'''Viktor:''' Still... *sigh* this breeze really is lulling me to sleep, so I'll leave this trifling matter to you.
:;(Talking to Viktor again)
::'''Viktor:''' You're looking for a trophy claimed from the body of a Ruin Guard, alright? Don't you get lazy to hoodwink me with something else.
::'''Viktor:''' *sigh* I'm getting sleepier by the minute...
----
;(After talking to Viktor)
:'''Paimon:''' Are you really still thinking of joining the Fatui? They're not good people, you know.
:'''Paimon:''' You've seen how arrogant they are. You don't want to become like them, do you?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? "A chance to gather intel"... Are you saying that you want to use this chance to get more information on the Fatui from that guy?
:'''Paimon:''' Well... you do have a point, but Paimon doesn't like it. Why do we need to do the Fatui's dirty work...
:'''Paimon:''' But if you say so, Paimon'll believe you.
----
;(After obtaining the item)
:'''Paimon:''' This must be the loot that he is after... Let's bring it back to him.
----
;(Returning to Viktor if previously asked about the Fatui)
:'''Viktor:''' Have you brought it?
:{{DIcon}} Sure have.
:'''Viktor:''' Let me have a look. Well... it's passable.
:'''Viktor:''' Now, let me tell you a little something about the Fatui.
:'''Viktor:''' We Fatui hail from [[Zapolyarny Palace]]. We hear the commands of Her Majesty the [[Tsaritsa]] and we inherit her will, enacting it throughout the land.
:'''Viktor:''' The eleven strongest among us have been granted the title of [[Harbinger]]s by Her Majesty.
:'''Viktor:''' Compared to a nameless grunt like me, the Eleven Harbingers are truly great figures.
:'''Viktor:''' If you join the Fatui and prove your strength, then perhaps you might be chosen by one of them.
:'''Viktor:''' And then you'd be on the up and up.
:'''Viktor:''' As for me? Well, I'm hardly "chosen", but I am running a little errand here for [[Signora]].
:'''Viktor:''' But if you made me choose... I'd prefer to work under [[Capitano]].
:;(Obtain Mora ×2,000)

;(Returning to Viktor if previously asked about Delusions)
:'''Viktor:''' So, have you got it?
:{{DIcon}} Indeed.
:'''Viktor:''' Let me see. Gah, of course you couldn't find anything good in this backwater...
:'''Viktor:''' Alright, alright, one story about Delusions coming right up. Let me think...
:'''Viktor:''' Delusions are treasures of incredible power, granted by Her Majesty the Tsaritsa in person. Whether faith or Vision, a Delusion makes them all look like child's play.
:'''Viktor:''' Still, not everyone can wield one. Beyond the Eleven Harbingers, very few other Fatui possess a Delusion.
:'''Viktor:''' Even so, for an ordinary mortal like me, a Delusion is far more practical than a Vision, which one can only get by the grace of the gods.
:'''Viktor:''' Ha, I see that you don't own a Vision, either. How about it, then? If you join the Fatui, who knows? Maybe you really will come to possess a Delusion.
:'''Viktor:''' And that's all I have to say about Delusions. The Knights of Favonius are rather touchy about these things, so best you don't send them running my way.

;(Returning to Viktor if previously asked about the Tsaritsa)
:'''Viktor:''' So, did you bring the goods?
:{{DIcon}} Sure did.
:'''Viktor:''' Oh, now this is not bad. You've got some skill, alright.
:'''Viktor:''' So, you'd like to know about Her Majesty the Tsaritsa, correct? Now, where to begin?
:'''Viktor:''' If you need a simple summary, it is that the Tsaritsa is our god.
:'''Viktor:''' This is no abstraction, only concrete truth. The Tsaritsa is the Cryo Archon, one of the Seven who hold dominion over the mortal realm.
:'''Viktor:''' But to us Fatui, Her Majesty has a status beyond even that of a god.
:'''Viktor:''' As for why... I doubt you would understand even if I explained it. Or should I say, you couldn't understand.
:'''Viktor:''' If you wish to understand, then join us. Once you do, you will comprehend how Her Majesty the Tsaritsa is...
:'''Viktor:''' ...Heh, and that's all I'll say for now. That nun is giving me the stink-eye again.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/gx8jwDesPpU
|caption1 = "Tales of Winter" Achievement Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/M-5bzd2KBFQ
|caption2 = "Tales of Winter" Achievement Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tales of Winter
|zhs     = 来自冬天的故事
|zhs_rm  = Láizì Dōngtiān de Gùshì
|zht     = 來自冬天的故事
|zht_rm  = Láizì Dōngtiān de Gùshì
|zh_tl   = Tales from Winter
|ja      = 冬からの物語
|ja_rm   = Fuyu Kara no Monogatari
|ja_tl   = Tales From Winter
|ko      = 겨울 이야기
|ko_rm   = Gyeo'ul Iyagi
|ko_tl   = Winter Story
|es      = Una historia invernal
|es_tl   = A Wintry Story
|fr      = Histoire venue de l'hiver
|fr_tl   = Story from Winter
|ru      = Зимняя история
|ru_tl   = Winter Tale
|th      = เรื่องราวที่ล่องลอยมากับความหนาว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Stories That Float Along With The Cold
|vi      = Câu Chuyện Mùa Đông
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine winterliche Geschichte
|de_tl   = A Wintry Story
|id      = Kisah Musim Dingin
|id_tl   = Tales of Winter
|pt      = Contos de Inverno
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:Una historia invernal]]
[[fr:Histoire venue de l'hiver]]