{{Manga Infobox
|title      = Talks Over a Drink
|image      = Manga Chapter 16 Cover 1.png
|chapter    = 16
|characters = 
|prev       = Conclusion
}}
{{Description|[[Collei]] heads to [[Sumeru]] with [[Cyno]], leaving behind a letter for [[Amber]]. [[Diluc]] escapes from the [[Fatui]]'s clutches, and [[Kaeya]] pays him a visit at [[Angel's Share]] to give a replacement vase... and return the [[Vision]] he left behind with the [[Knights of Favonius|Ordo Favonius]].<!--not official-->}}
'''Talks Over a Drink''' ''(unofficial name)'' is Chapter 16 of the ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' [[manga]]. It has not yet been localized in English.

==Summary==
[[Amber]] takes off on a beautiful morning to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]]. With [[Collei]] nowhere to be found, [[Lisa]] gives her a letter. Amber reads it, learning that Collei is leaving with [[Cyno]] to [[Sumeru]] in order to learn more about the world. She thanks Amber for helping her in [[Mondstadt]]. Collei has also returned Amber's old clothes, which she fixed herself.

Back in [[Snezhnaya]], a severely injured [[Barnabas]] is brought back as [[Dottore]] is even more disappointed in his failure. He then receives a letter containing the [[Diluc|Darknight Hero]]'s mask and [[Delusion#Crepus' Delusion|Delusion]], learning that he has escaped.

At [[Angel's Share]], [[Diluc]] is working as [[Kaeya]] arrives. He presents a new vase that he promised to replace, to Diluc's distaste. However, the vase holds Diluc's [[Vision]].

==Trivia==
* In Simplified Chinese and Korean, the name of this chapter is identical to the name of Chapter 1 ([[Bad Wine]]).

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = 
|zhs     = 添酒
|zhs_rm  = Tiānjiǔ
|zht_rm  = Tiānjiǔ
|zh_tl   = Replenishing Wine
|ja      = つがれる酒
|ja_rm   = Tsugareru Sake
|ja_tl   = Poured Wine
|ko      = {{tt|첨잔|添盞}}
|ko_tl   = Fill up a Glass
}}

==Navigation==
{{Manga Navbox}}

[[es:Capítulo 16]]
[[ja:つがれる酒]]