{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Enemy Ruin Cruiser.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Tamimi''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow}}''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Similarly to [[Karkata]], Tamimi is a mechanical lifeform created by Faruzan's colleagues roughly 100 years prior to her disappearance. As Faruzan spent most of her time in the ruins conducting research, her family and friends would put letters and other documents on Tamimi and had it bring them to her so she could respond accordingly. After Faruzan was entombed in a ruin affiliated with [[King Deshret]] and failed to return or reply back, the Akademiya considered her to have died. Faruzan's friends and family believed otherwise, with her colleagues modifying Tamimi to self-learn and repair itself.

Tamimi would spend the next 100 years trying to find Faruzan in all sorts of ruins, having concluded that she might still be stuck in one, using parts it acquired from its treks to repair and modify itself. It eventually accumulated into a massive automaton known as the '''Ruin Wanderer''', as people in the present-day wondered why it was specifically wandering around various ruins. A group led by [[Raed]] soon discovered the Ruin Wanderer, which reactivated in Faruzan's presence, causing her to realize it was Tamimi. Per its directive, Tamimi delivered the letters from the past before falling into disrepair.

As Karkata was in need of parts, Faruzan decided to salvage the parts from Tamimi to be used on Karkata, promising to repair Tamimi once she understood and could replicate the machines used by the ancient civilization.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
As the Ruin Wanderer, Tamimi took on the form of an [[Aeonblight Drake]]. Outside of this form, it appeared as a [[Ruin Cruiser]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tamimi
|zhs     = 塔米米
|zhs_rm  = Tǎmǐmǐ
|zht     = 塔米米
|zht_rm  = Tǎmǐmǐ
|ja      = タミミ
|ja_rm   = Tamimi
|ko      = 타미미
|es      = Tamimi
|fr      = Tamimi
|ru      = Тамими
|th      = Tamimi
|vi      = Tamimi
|de      = Tamimi
|id      = Tamimi
|pt      = Tamimi
|tr      = Tamimi
|it      = Tamimi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->