{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Killed by Traveler in [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]
|image            = Enemy Kairagi Fiery Might.png
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|title1           = Acting Instructor
|title2           = Iwakura Art Okuden
|affiliation      = Iwakura Clan
|voiceEN          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Tanba Tetsuo'''|ja=丹波鉄生|ja_rm=Tanba Tetsuo}} is a special enemy found around [[Tatarasuna]], [[Inazuma]]. He is one of the [[Iwakura Art]] disciples that can be fought and killed while exploring the region.

He appears as a [[Kairagi: Fiery Might]] and guards a [[Precious Chest]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
Little is known about Tetsuo's life or history. However, it can be assumed that he was part of the Iwakura Clan while [[Iwakura Mitsunari]] was its clan successor. When the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was enacted, Mitsunari had his [[Vision]] taken and decided to join the [[Shogunate]] forces.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Iwakura Mitsunari}}</ref> Many of the other clan members saw this as a betrayal of their clan's pursuit of righteousness and deserted him, choosing to fight against the Shogunate or falling into banditry. Based on his dialogue, Tetsuo fell into the latter camp.

When the [[Traveler]] encounters him, Tetsuo attempts to kill them out of bloodlust. The Traveler is left with no choice but to kill him in self-defense. After receiving word that a Traveler has been going around killing Iwakura Clan members, two expelled members, [[Okazaki Toraemon]] and [[Yanagiha Arashi]], find his corpse and collect his sword to create a memorial at [[Byakko Plain]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Okazaki Toraemon}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Yanagiha Arashi}}</ref>

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon approach)
:'''Iwakura Art: Tanba Tetsuo:''' My Onitsuna Kanemasa thirsts for your blood. Nothing personal.

;(Upon defeat)
:'''Iwakura Art: Tanba Tetsuo:''' A good sword...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* {{Lang|Onimou Kenkou|ja=鬼網兼光}} means (DQ note: I don't know what this means)
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tanba Tetsuo
|zhs     = 丹波铁生
|zhs_rm  = Dānbō Tiěshēng
|zht     = 丹波鐵生
|zht_rm  = Dānbō Tiěshēng
|ja      = 丹波鉄生
|ja_rm   = Tanba Tetsuo
|ko      = 탄바 테츠오
|es      = Tanba Tetsuo
|fr      = Tanba Tetsuo
|ru      = Тамба Тэцуо
|th      = Tanba Tetsuo
|vi      = Tanba Tetsuo
|de      = Tanba Tetsuo
|id      = Tanba Tetsuo
|pt      = Tanba Tetsuo
|tr      = Tanba Tetsuo
|it      = Tanba Tetsuo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Tanba Tetsuo]]