{{Location Infobox
|image        = Tanit Camps.png
|type         = Subarea
|region       = Sumeru
|subregion    = Great Red Sand
|area         = Desert of Hadramaveth
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>It is home to the [[Tanit]] tribe. After completing the [[World Quest]] [[Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...]], the Tanit are removed from the area, with the [[Vahumana]] [[Tanjiyy]] replacing them.</p>}}
<!--
==Points of Interest==
{{Locations by Category Table|type=Points of Interest}}
-->
==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|heo=1}}

==Features==
<!--
===Exploration===
''(To be added.)''
--><!--
===Enemies===
<!--
====Normal Bosses====
* {{Enemy}}
====Elite Enemies====
====Common Enemies====
--><!--
===Local Specialties===
''(To be added.)''
-->
===Interactables===
{{Stub|Check requirements for Tribe Merchant's Letter to appear<br />Add locations}}
* Advanced Visual Technologies: [[Fontaine]] Cinema Edition
{{Dialogue start}}
::'''Advanced Visual Technologies: Fontaine Cinema Edition:''' (A very new book. There are numerous colorful pictures in its pages, and they mostly come from film sets and shooting locations in Fontaine.)
::'''Advanced Visual Technologies: Fontaine Cinema Edition:''' (Ebert, a [[Vahumana]] researcher, gave each of the films an elegant review and also provided them with ratings...)
::'''Advanced Visual Technologies: Fontaine Cinema Edition:''' (The vast majority of this content has to do with complex [[Kshahrewar]] theories and treatises, detailing the imaging techniques and potential future market applications of this advanced piece of machinery.)
::'''Advanced Visual Technologies: Fontaine Cinema Edition:''' (Though it has little to do with tribal life, the people of the tribe are quite fond of this book... You notice the edge of the pages has been discolored from repeated friction, doubtlessly inflicted by rubbing fingers.)
::'''Advanced Visual Technologies: Fontaine Cinema Edition:''' (How are the desert folk, who live in resource-scarce conditions, supposed to imagine the innovative and luxurious aesthetics offered by cinema machines?)
::'''Advanced Visual Technologies: Fontaine Cinema Edition:''' (On the title page, a small red cross sits next to the Akademiya Library emblem, and the following words have been written beneath it: "This piece of entertainment has failed to pass Akademiya evaluations, and hence cannot be entered into the Akasha.")
{{Dialogue end}}
* On Language and Rhetoric (IV), found in [[Aderfi]]'s tent
{{Dialogue start}}
::'''On Language and Rhetoric (IV):''' (A book mangled from how many times it's been read. Seems like it held quite the rapt audience.)
::'''On Language and Rhetoric (IV):''' (You notice that the bottom of the title page has an emblem belonging to the Akademiya Library... Perhaps this book is among those that have been smuggled.)
{{Dialogue end}}
* Pursina's Essays: 26, found in Aderfi's tent
{{Dialogue start}}
::'''Pursina's Essays: 26:''' (True knowledge is not something that can be drawn casually from the Akasha. Instead, the desert-dwellers get more comprehensive education during their long walks across the sands...)
::'''Pursina's Essays: 26:''' (You notice that the bottom of the title page has an emblem belonging to the Akademiya Library... Perhaps this book is among those that have been smuggled.)
{{Dialogue end}}
* 101 Painful Jokes, found in [[Masseira]]'s tent
{{Dialogue start}}
::'''101 Painful Jokes:''' "Hilarious? This is barely worth a chuckle. Tell Aderfi to never do anything like this again."
::'''101 Painful Jokes:''' (You notice that the bottom of the title page has an emblem belonging to the Akademiya Library... Perhaps this book is among those that have been smuggled.)
{{Dialogue end}}
* Lunar Philosophy, found in a small tent behind an unnamed female Eremite feeding the [[Spinocrocodile]]s just before the west end of the river
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Lunar Philosophy:''' (It seems to be a piece of literature. The words fly out at you as you flip through the pages.)
:'''Lunar Philosophy:''' (It was a literary analysis. How disappointing... Though not nearly as carefully formatted as the material preferred by Akademiya students, it is astonishing that the desert-dwellers would spend so much time reading such a boring book.)
:'''Lunar Philosophy:''' (You notice that the bottom of the title page has an emblem belonging to the Akademiya Library... Perhaps this book is among those that have been smuggled.)
{{Dialogue end}}
* Anthology on Desert-Based Archaeology (III), found in a tent with a collectable [[Sumeru Rose]] near two unnamed female Eremites holding their heads north of Masseira across a bridge
{{Dialogue start}}
::'''Anthology on Desert-Based Archaeology (III):''' (A large book that has seen some years. It's been flipped through by the rough fingers of the desert folk countless times... There are some new notes scrawled across its pages. Messy though the notes might be, they still adhere to a certain logic.)
::'''Anthology on Desert-Based Archaeology (III):''' (You notice that the bottom of the title page has an emblem belonging to the Akademiya Library... Perhaps this book is among those that have been smuggled.)
{{Dialogue end}}
* Akademiya Emblem-Marked Contract, found on crates northwest of Masseira across a bridge on the same level
{{Dialogue start}}
::In the name of the eternal oath of friendship between the Queen of the Garden and the Queen of the Rainforest, Matriarch [[Babel]] Tanit chooses warriors [[Azariq]], [[Aksir]]... and others... salary... {{sic|0,000}} Mora per day, to escort the researcher, [[Jazira Yassar]], across the desert, to provide protection and all other possible conveniences for the inspection of ancient machinery...<br /><br />
::Client: Jazira Yassar, [[Kshahrewar]] Dastur<br />
::Signatory: Babel Tanit, Matriarch of the Tanit Tribe<br />
::Contract Pay: 500,000 Mora, 100,000 advance salary and 50,000 as a confidentiality fee.
{{Dialogue end}}
* Tribe Merchant's Letter
{{Dialogue start}}
::...The [[Akasha]] no longer seems to be popular in the city. It seems that some change in upper management has occurred. Rumors are rife that [[Azar]], the Grand Sage, has been deposed, and that those Bazaar merchants who clung to his coattails and those of his lackeys have lost their exclusive franchise privileges... It seems that trade between the desert and the city may improve in the future.<br />
::...Many books have had bans on them rescinded, but a small minority of seminal academic texts still require one to jump through some special hoops to obtain. For us, the Tanit, this is good news. We now no longer need to resort to smuggling to obtain knowledge.<br />
::...As for the "aid plan" that the Matriarch has been quite concerned about, it seems that the General Mahamatra, [[Cyno]], who had a big role to play in recent events, will be in charge of it. But most of the books they will provide for free have to do with basic education, and are of limited use to us.<br />
::Considering that we and the city folk have been at odds for many years, there is reason to suspect their motives for sending researchers to us. These snooping city dwellers are likely no different from those of yesteryear &mdash; just looking to disrupt our lives and make a profit for themselves. And if they should show an interest in the ruins of Gurabad and the Eternal Oasis, this can only bring harm upon our tribe...<br /><br />
::As such, Matriarch [[Babel]], I urge you to give thought to the manner in which we might deal with this latest intrusion from the Akademiya &mdash; the independence and unity of our tribe and our sister tribes, and our ability to resist external forces, are at stake here...
{{Dialogue end}}
* [[Crumpled Namelist]] ''(disappears after completing ''[[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]'')''
{{Dialogue start}}
::(This is a simple list of names. Apart from “Masseira,” all the other names have been struck out.)
::[[Bleda]]
::[[Gwaffah]]
::[[Izder]]
::[[Meddur]]
::[[Teyya]]
::[[Masseira]]
{{Dialogue end}}
* Jeht's Note {{verify|may available after starting ''[[Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...]]''}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:: Out on business!
:: Jeht Tanit <br><br/>
:: (There is a stick-person Jeht scribbled in a corner of the note. She has a cheeky grin on her face.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Descriptions==
{{Description|Part of an ancient structure's ruins, once home to the ghosts of people of old...<br />Now, it is the home of a desert tribe known as the Tanit.|Viewpoint, [[Viewpoint/The Tanit Encampment|The Tanit Encampment]]}}

==NPCs==
* Prior to completion of ''[[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]''
** [[Babel]]
** [[Benben]]
** [[Hugeweh]]
** [[Jeht]]
** [[Masseira]]
** [[Mendas]]
** [[Tadhla]]
** [[Yuften]]
* After completion of ''[[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]''
** [[Tanjiyy]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tanit Camps
|zhs     = 塔尼特露营地
|zhs_rm  = Tǎnítè Lùyíngdì
|zht     = 塔尼特露營地
|zht_rm  = Tǎnítè Lùyíngdì
|zh_tl   = Tanit Campgrounds
|ja      = タニット露営地
|ja_rm   = Tanitto Roeichi
|ja_tl   = Tanit Campgrounds
|ko      = 타니트 야영지
|ko_tl   = Tanit Campsite
|es      = Asentamiento de los Tanit
|es_tl   = Tanit Settlement
|fr      = Camp des Tanit
|fr_tl   = Tanit Camp
|ru      = Лагерь Танит
|ru_tl   = Tanit Camp
|th      = Tanit Camps
|vi      = Doanh Trại Tanit
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Tanit-Lager
|de_tl   = Tanit Camp
|id      = Tanit Camps
|pt      = Acampamentos dos Tanit
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tanit Kampları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Accampamenti Tanit
|it_tl   = Tanit Camps
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[es:Asentamiento de los Tanit]]