{{Stub|Needs info on other languages}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Notable Interactables
|region       = Sumeru
|subregion    = Great Red Sand
|area         = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea      = Mt. Damavand
}}
The '''Tanit Emblem-Marked Records''' are a interactable note found in [[Bayt Al-Muazzam]], [[Desert of Hadramaveth]], [[Sumeru]].

The note relates to a past expedition by the [[Tanit]] tribe to find a way to the [[Eternal Oasis]].

==Locations==
(TBA)

==Dialogue==
…The good news is, we have found the campsite of the previous investigation party. There was no one there, though — I’d wager they’ve all become Wenut food, heh…<br />
…And the bad news is… we’re also trapped here. We tried to use a new route to get deeper into this sand dune, but to no avail. We had to fall back before we lost our way for good.<br />
…The omnipresent pipes here resemble nothing so much like a net. It makes me shudder just to think about them…<br />
…Iqan refused to continue onward and started babbling nonsensically about Matriarch Babel wanting to become the Goddess of Flowers’ prophetess, thus needing to get rid of us adherents of King Deshret. We disposed of him, which has improved our food situation somewhat…<br />
…<br />
…This place is truly bizarre. It is our turn to be sacrifices to King Deshret…<br />
…Unlucky us. Guess we’ll end up becoming Wenut food very soon…<br />
…You know what, Iqan had a point there. Babel definitely had something nasty in mind for us, sending us to this godforsaken place…<br />
…Perhaps we should pick up our weapons and fight our way back to Tanit…<br />

[[Category:Notable Interactables]]