{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Families
|type2        = Sumeru Clans
|affiliation  = The Eremites
}}
The '''Tanit''' were a nomadic [[Eremite]] tribe that lived in [[Sumeru]]'s desert. Their most recent settlement, the [[Tanit Camps]], is located in the southern border of the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]].

==Description==
The Tanit tribe is a matrilineal clan that believes in the [[Goddess of Flowers]] and is led by a Matriarch and Nine Elders. The tribe is the oldest among the tribes that wander the Desert of Hadramaveth, and as a large-scale tribe they have many branches. Unlike the other tribes, the Tanit value the power of words and knowledge, but do not trust the [[Akasha]]. One of their main sources of income comes from trading; their crocodile products, spices, and essential oils are extremely popular in Sumeru's markets, and they also hunt [[Wenut]] for spices as well.

The Tanit also take part in the plunder known as "hunting." Some of the tribes in the Desert of Hadramaveth will adopt or plunder young children and raise them into Falcons, such as [[Tadhla]], who are devoted to the elders. Only a handful of them will become favored by the Tribe Elders.

The Tanit have no unified law nor written rules, but rather only follow what has been written in their blood and habits. To them, the enemies they hate most are not outsiders, but traitors from within.<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Sumeru|Tanit Tribe}}</ref>

==History==
The Tanit have lived in Sumeru's desert for an unknown amount of time. In the past, "ascetics" established the Tanit's practice of raising "Falcons", a perversion of the ceremonies conducted by the priests of [[King Deshret]] who passed down his art of archery.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|page=Scion of the Blazing Sun|source=Description|quote=And among those "ascetics" who disappeared into the desert, some strayed from the path of the priest. ... Using the strict ceremonies of the ancient past, they trained lost children as "Falcons."}}</ref> At some point near the current events of the game, [[Babel]] conspired with the [[Fatui]] to eliminate the other tribe elders to consolidate power for herself.

After the Traveler and Jeht discovered [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza]], Babel decided to eliminate the Traveler to gain full control of the Eternal Oasis and rebuild the glory days of the desert empire prior to its destruction, ordering the Tanit to eliminate them. However, the Traveler deduced the truth and informed Jeht of the betrayal, who was significantly enraged upon learning the truth. With the Traveler, she destroyed the Tanit, leaving only a few survivors &mdash; those that Babel had sent to warn the other tribes of Jeht's "treachery" and those that were in exile and not silenced.

Following the tribe's destruction, the [[Vahumana]] Dastur [[Tanjiyy]] attempted to make contact with the Tanit to provide educational assistance per the deal that [[Setaria]] had made. However, when he arrived, he found the Tanit camps empty and inferred that the tribe was annihilated, although he was unaware of the details.

==Known Members==
{{Column|3|
* [[Babel]] <!--(Matriarch)-->
* [[Masseira]] <!--(Fled after ''[[The Fallen Falcon]]'')-->
* [[Tadhla]] <!--(Unknown after ''The Fallen Falcon'')-->
* [[Azariq]] <!--(Assumed deceased after ''[[The Dirge of Bilqis]]'')-->
* [[Aderfi]] <!--(Assumed deceased after ''The Dirge of Bilqis'')-->
* [[Mendas]] <!--(Guard)-->
* [[Hugeweh]] <!--(Guard)-->
* [[Yuften]] <!--(Farmer)-->
* [[Nayram]]
* [[Rezki]]
* [[Jebrael]]
}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{W|Tanit}} is the name of a {{w|Ancient Carthage|Carthaginian}} goddess who is equivalent to the war goddess {{W|Astarte}}. 

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tanit Tribe
|zhs     = 塔尼特
|zhs_rm  = Tǎnítè
|zht     = 塔尼特
|zht_rm  = Tǎnítè
|ja      = タニット
|ja_rm   = Tanitto
|ko      = 타니트
|es      = Tanit
|fr      = Tanit
|ru      = Танит
|th      = Tanit
|vi      = Tanit
|de      = Tanit
|id      = Suku Tanit
|pt      = Tanit
|tr      = Tanit
|it      = Tanit
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Tribu de los Tanit]]