{{Stub|More info, OL}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Domain Enter the border The Funeral Parlor Has No Master, Yujing Terrace Calls the Troops.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Liyue
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|group            = Gods

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Tao Dou''', also known by their {{w|Goetic}} name '''Bune''',<ref name="Divine">{{Ref/Furnishing|Divine Remains, Left to Pacify the Nether}}</ref> was a [[god]] who lived before and during the time of the [[Archon War]]. They had the form of a tree and stood before the realm of the dead. They were defeated and purified by the [[Eight Adepts]] after they were dragged into the fighting and caused death to encroach into the realm of the living.<ref name="Calamity">{{Ref/Quest|Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity}}</ref>

==Profile==
Tao Dou was a giant tree that stood on the summit of a divine mountain. According to legend, it was said that the realm of the dead was behind Tao Dou, and that if you committed grave sins in life, you would not be able to pass beyond the tree and into the afterlife. Even today, in places like [[Chenyu Vale]], it is considered an insult to say "You'll never cross Mt. Tao Dou when you die."<ref name="Calamity" />

When the Archon War began, Tao Dou was dragged into the fighting, causing the boundary between life and death to blur and death to encroach into the realm of the living. The Eight Adepts came together and laid down a magic array to purify Tao Dou. The god's remains sank into the [[Ley Lines]] and became the border that separated the living from the dead. Its remains, which lie beneath Mt. Qingce, were suppressed by the [[Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula]], which was enchanted with the seven-and-eight-gates method.<ref name="Calamity" /><ref name="Divine" />

Today, the Eight Adepts' feat is recounted by storytellers as the "Sanctification of Tao Dou."<ref name="Calamity" />

===Appearance===
Tao Dou has the appearance of a tree with a twisted trunk with cracks that reveal a bright golden interior, as well as golden bright foliage around the end of its branches.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Story==
''(To be added.)''
<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The {{Lang|Tao Dou|zh=桃都|zh_rm=Táo Dōu}} is a mythical tree depicted in the Chinese ''{{W|Zhiguai xiaoshuo|zhiguai xiaoshuo}} {{W|zh:述異記 (任昉)|Shuyiji}}''. According to the story, its branches spread three thousand {{W|Li (unit)|lis}} and are where {{Lang|chickens over sky|zh=天鸡|zh_rm=Tiānjī}} settle on. When dawn approaches, these chickens crow and all other chickens under  heaven follow.
* In ''{{w|The Lesser Key of Solomon}}'', "Bune" is a Duke of Hell and the 26th demon described as a duke who is able to move the dead, make one rich, and answer a variety of questions.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|1_en     = Tao Dou
|1_zhs    = 桃都
|1_zhs_rm = Táo Dōu
|1_zht    = 桃都
|1_zht_rm = Táo Dōu
|1_ja     = 桃都
|1_ja_rm  = Tou To
|1_ko     = 도도
|1_ko_rm  = 
|1_es     = Tao Dou
|1_fr     = Tao Dou
|1_ru     = Тао Доу
|1_th     = Tao Dou
|1_th_rm  = 
|1_vi     = Đào Đô
|1_de     = Tao Dou
|1_id     = Tao Dou
|1_pt     = Tao Dou
|1_tr     = Tao Dou
|1_it     = Tao Dou
|2_en     = Bune
|2_zhs    = 擘那
|2_zhs_rm = Bònà
|2_zht    = 擘那
|2_zht_rm = Bònà
|2_ja     = 擘那
|2_ja_rm  = Hakuna{{Assumed}}
|2_ko     = 부네
|2_es     = Buné
|2_fr     = Bune
|2_ru     = Буне
|2_th     = Bune
|2_th_rm  = 
|2_vi     = Bune
|2_de     = Bune
|2_id     = Bune
|2_pt     = Bune
|2_tr     = Bune
|2_it     = Bune
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}