{{Character Infobox
|type             = 
|image            = 
|realname         = 
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|affiliation2     = Tanit
|deceased         = Killed by [[Jebrael]]
|title            = 
}}
'''Tarafa''' was an Eremite who was part of the [[Tanit]] tribe.

==Profile==
Prior to the [[Traveler]]'s arrival in [[Sumeru]], Tarafa was sent by Matriarch [[Babel]] to help explore the ruins of [[Gurabad]] in the hopes of finding the [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza|Eternal Oasis]] that their people had spoken of. Tarafa was actually ordered by Babel to eliminate the expedition groups she had sent to the desert, wanting to eliminate all adherents of [[King Deshret]] as part of her true plan to consolidate power for herself. He was successful in his task until he was involved in a group with [[Jebrael]] and [[Samail]].

While in the group, Tarafa was able to kill [[Umur]], [[Bahaddin]] and [[Rabeed]]; Umur was lost to the sands, Bahaddin was killed by [[Red Vulture]]s and Rabeed was killed by a [[scorpion]]. Tarafa initially tried to convince the remaining survivors to abandon their trip, but they did not listen to his pleas.

With Jebrael and Samail left, Jebrael soon fell into a gorge, which surprised Tarafa, as he had expected him to be the last one standing and claimed that the trip would end soon. Tarafa eventually discovered that Babel had lied to him as the keystone was actually real, but realized that it was not enough to open the great gates of Gurabad and began regretting what he had done. Nonetheless, he was still loyal to Babel and later tried to kill Samail, but Jebrael, who had feigned death, appeared and killed Tarafa. Jebrael correctly deduced that he had been tasked by Babel to kill the group and that the stone slate she had given them was likely a ploy, resulting in him and Samail leaving the Tanit.

==Trivia==
*{{w|Tarafa}} was an Arabian poet of the tribe of the {{w|Banu Bakr|Bakr}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tarafa
|zhs     = 塔拉法
|zhs_rm  = Tǎlāfǎ
|zht     = 塔拉法
|zht_rm  = Tǎlāfǎ
|ja      = タラファ
|ja_rm   = Tarafa
|ko      = 타라파
|es      = Tarafa
|fr      = Tarafa
|ru      = Тарафа
|th      = Tarafa
|vi      = Tarafa
|de      = Tarafa
|id      = Tarafa
|pt      = Tarafa
|tr      = Tarafa
|it      = Tarafa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->