{{DISPLAYTITLE:Taroumaru}}
{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Enemy
}}
{{Enemy Infobox
|name     = Taroumaru
|title    = Deposit Stolen, Teahouse Boss Enraged
|image    = Enemy Taroumaru.png
|element  = Electro
|element2 = Pyro
|element3 = Geo
|type     = Event Enemies
|family   = 
|group    = 
|location = [[Inazuma]]
|ability1 = Fury
}}
{{Enemy Intro|name='''Taroumaru'''|singular=1|hideall=1|event=[[Hues of the Violet Garden/Clash of Lone Blades|Hues of the Violet Garden]]}}

==Stats==
{{Enemy Stats
|res1 = Normal

|res2      = Stunned
|phys_res2 = -140%

|hp_ratio  = 7
|hp_type   = 2
|atk_ratio = 2
}}

==Abilities and Attacks==
''Attack names are unofficial except for Canine Art: Geo Bunshin and Canine Art: Plummeting Blade.''

*'''Block:''' While not attacking, blocks all incoming DMG.
*'''Fury:''' Attacking Taroumaru or performing Perfect Parries against his attacks will cause Taroumaru's [[Fury]] meter to fill up. Once it is full, Taroumaru will perform '''Slash Combo 2''', which can be Perfectly Parried to knock him down. While down, Taroumaru takes increased DMG.
*'''Slash Combo:''' Performs consecutive slashes with its sword.
**'''Combo 1:''' Performs a horizontal and upwards slash at the player, before performing a flurry of slashes around itself, dealing '''50% ATK''', '''50% ATK''', '''35% ATK * 4''' as {{Color|AoE Physical DMG}} with each move respectively.
**'''Combo 2:''' Charges at the player while continuously slashing, dealing '''30% ATK''' as {{Color|Physical DMG}} on hit, before performing a spinning slash, dealing '''100% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Physical DMG}}.
*'''Canine Art: Plummeting Blade:''' Teleports to the player's location and marks an area around it, calling down thunder and dealing '''100% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Electro DMG}} in the marked area shortly after.
*'''Canine Art: Geo Bunshin:''' Teleports away and leaves a {{Color|Geo}} Bunshin Bomb at its original location that marks an area around it before detonating, dealing '''75% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}} in the marked area. This attack is also used to recover from the stunned state.
*'''Thunderblades:''' Launches three vertical blades at the player, each dealing '''6% ATK''', '''15% ATK''', '''60% ATK''' respectively as {{Color|Electro DMG}} on hit. The player can Perfect Parry these waves to deflect them and deal DMG to Taroumaru instead.

===Preview===
{{Preview
|size=185px
|file1    = Taroumaru Block
|caption1 = Block

|file2    = Taroumaru Slash Combo 1
|caption2 = Slash Combo 1

|file3    = Taroumaru Slash Combo 2 1
|caption3 = Slash Combo 2

|file4    = Taroumaru Slash Combo 2 2
|caption4 = Slash Combo 2 (Parried)

|file5    = Taroumaru Canine Art Plummeting Blade
|caption5 = Canine Art: Plummeting Blade

|file6    = Taroumaru Canine Art Geo Bunshin
|caption6 = Canine Art: Geo Bunshin

|file7    = Taroumaru Thunderblades 1
|caption7 = Thunderblades

|file8    = Taroumaru Thunderblades 2
|caption8 = Thunderblades (Deflected)
}}

==See also==
* [[Dilapidated Old House]]

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|Special}}