{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Tartaglia
|id             = 368121
|image          = Character Tartaglia Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Tartaglia''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Ice fishing...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My siblings...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Strong foes...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Weapons...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'd appreciate the exercise...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Want to spar?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} It's been a while.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' It's been a while, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I've grown quite a bit stronger. You ready for some sparring?
:{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo hello 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' ...Haha, kidding! You're here because there's something you want to say, right?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' It's the perfect place to make a home.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Charming, peaceful, and warm.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I'd love to bring [[Tonia]], [[Anthon]], and [[Teucer]] to stay here...
:::{{DIcon}} I don't think this place can accommodate so many people...
:::{{DIcon}} I'm not actually as good with kids as you think...
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Hahaha, sorry, I didn't mean it like that.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I just think that Tonia and the others would be very happy in your company.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Of course. I'm more than willing.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' In [[Snezhnaya]], there's a kind of liquor called Fire-Water.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' If a friend will join you outside in the bitter cold to drink Fire-Water and chat together, you know they're the kind of person you want with you on the battlefield.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I would join you for just such a conversation.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' And in the heat of battle, I know that you'd have my back.
::{{DIcon}} You're not afraid that I might backstab you?
:::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 06a.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' This is the level of trust I place in you.
::{{DIcon}} What if I fall first?
:::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 06b.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Hah, you lack conviction in your own abilities.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' If you joined me on my path to world domination, we would be unstoppable.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' What do you say? Do you accept my proposal?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Hmm... When can you spare a few weeks?
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I want to take you to see the scenery of my homeland.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' To gaze upon the endless snowy sky, to stand on frozen lakes that won't shatter, no matter how hard you tread.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Some people even carve gigantic ice sculptures there.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' If you like snowball fights, I'll pair with you and we can face off against my siblings.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Oh, and I almost forgot! I can also make authentic Borsch for you with specialty ingredients from my hometown.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' ...And of course, we have to go ice fishing! The fish are much larger than the ones you find in ponds.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like a blast!
::{{DIcon}} Can't wait!
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Alright, it's settled then!
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Mmm, seems like I'll have to give my family a heads-up.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I can see it now, the beaming smiles on their faces as they gather around and read the letter.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Tartaglia.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Good morning, comrade.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' If there's ever a battle that even you find a challenge, don't forget to call me.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I'd appreciate the... exercise.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Tartaglia.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' It's already that time of the night, huh...
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo tartaglia mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Who knows when we'll meet next...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly tartaglia kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' A kitchen? Haha, how intriguing! You know, I used to cook quite often. Let me show you a thing or two!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly tartaglia kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' The arts of cooking and war aren't so different. Tasting your opponent's dishes is also a form of battle.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly tartaglia kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I wonder... dare you accept my challenge?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly tartaglia restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Ah, such a rich aroma truly makes you feel refreshed and alive.
: {{A|vo mimitomo ly tartaglia restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I've tasted dishes from both [[Liuli Pavilion]] and [[Xinyue Kiosk]], but you can't fully appreciate a country's cuisines if you only stick to high-end restaurants.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly tartaglia restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I leave it to you to bring me around and taste the local snacks and specialties, alright?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Tartaglia/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Tartaglia/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Tartaglia/Compagnia]]
[[ja:タルタリヤ/仲間]]
[[ru:Тарталья/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Tartaglia/Konaklama]]
[[uk:Тарталья/Супутник(ця)]]
[[vi:Tartaglia/Bạn Đồng Hành]]