{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73039
|image         = World Quest Taste of Happiness.jpg
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|act           = Dream Nursery
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = II
|part          = 
|requirement   = Complete step 1 of [[Festival Utsava]]
|characters    = Arachatora; Arapacati; Arapas; Araphala; Arasaka; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Vanarana (Subarea)]], [[Vanarana (Area)]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Vanarana (Area)
|subarea       = Vanarana (Subarea)
|parent        = Festival Utsava
|concurrent    = Delicious Riddle
|concurrent2   = Garden Fairies
|concurrent3   = Rishboland Tiger, Roaaar
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*20,000;The Siblings' Flowers*1
}}
'''''Taste of Happiness''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[Aranyaka]]: Part II - [[Dream Nursery]]. It takes place during ''[[Festival Utsava]]''.

==Steps==
# Talk to the "brothers" (0/4)
#* Help [[Arachatora]] adjust the flame
#* Get some water for [[Arapas]]
#** The location is next to [[Aramani]], who is actually at the south of [[Vanarana (Subarea)|Vanarana]]
#* Give the water to Arapas
# Give a bowl of [[Radish Veggie Soup|Delicious Radish Veggie Soup]] to [[Arapacati]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Time to witness the results of the "cooking training" of Arapacati's brothers.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Arapacati:''' My brothers have all done some self-reflection. Festival Utsava is a happy occasion, so Arapacati shouldn't get mad.
:'''Arasaka:''' That's right, Arapacati. Don't get mad. Happy occasions should be celebrated with the "taste of happiness"!
:'''Arachatora:''' It's time to show off the results of our cooking training!
:'''Araphala:''' I have been ready for a long while.
:'''Paimon:''' Yay, it's the Festival Utsava Feast! Paimon's been waiting for this!
:{{DIcon}} Alright! The Festival Utsava Feast!
:{{DIcon}} Best we not get our hopes too high...
:'''Arapas:''' Water from Vanarana is the best water and makes the best soup. Nara will love it for sure.
:'''Arapacati:''' I shall deliver the "taste of happiness" to Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon, and let them "teach" my brothers.
:'''Arapacati:''' It's the only way to make food Nara will like. That's how guests should be treated.
:'''Arapacati:''' Would you mind teaching them to cook, Nara {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Arapacati:''' They're all ready. We can start now.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later.
::'''Arapacati:''' You must come, Nara {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to Arapacati again, if "Maybe Later" was chosen)
:'''Arapacati:''' Would you mind teaching them to cook, Nara {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Arapacati:''' They're all ready. We can start now.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later.
::'''Arapacati:''' You must come, Nara {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to Araphala)
:'''Araphala:''' Don't you worry, Nara {{Traveler}}, Araphala has prepared the Unrivaled Fresh Fruit for the festival!
:'''Paimon:''' Araphala sure moves fast, huh? Let's go check elsewhere.

;(Talk to Arachatora)
:'''Arachatora:''' The Head Mushroom has been ready for a while now! My super fragrant Head Mushroom...
:'''Arachatora:''' But I'm not very good at gauging the heat, so please come take a look, Nara {{Traveler}}...
:'''Paimon:''' Fire is kinda dangerous to Aranara, so let's go help to control it.

;(Adjust the flame)
:'''Paimon:''' Will this do?
:'''Arachatora:''' Yes! We'll have a supreme delicacy, you can bet on that!

;(Talk to Arasaka)
:'''Arasaka:''' Needs more of that "taste of happiness"...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's enough!
:'''Arasaka:''' Huh? Hmm, Arapacati mentioned that we must make Nara happy with food, so Paimon is right. I'll add less of it...
:'''Paimon:''' There you go. That should do.

;(Talk to Arapas)
:'''Arapas:''' The Best Water... But there's nothing's left of it after my practice runs. Would Nara {{Traveler}} mind getting some water from the north of Vanarana for Arapas?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, guess we ought to help out, {{Traveler}}.

;(Obtain [["The Best Water"]])
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders if the water in Vanarana really tastes any different from water in other places...

;(Talk to Arapas after obtaining "The Best Water")
:'''Paimon:''' We're back, Arapas! This is the Best Water!
:'''Arapas:''' Terrific! I can make the Best Soup so long as I have the Best Water. Nara {{Traveler}} will love it for sure!

----
;(After talking to and helping the 4 brothers)
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, since the Aranara are making food for us so eagerly during this happy occasion, we should return the favor. What do you say?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Maybe they'll like some Radish Veggie Soup! Let's show them what Nara cooking's all about!

;(Talk to Arapacati)
:'''Paimon:''' Woohoo! And that's our piping-hot Radish Veggie Soup all ready to go! The Aranara should be done with their dishes too.
:;(Open item menu)
:'''Paimon:''' You still have to ask {{Traveler}} to help, or you will end up cooking the same dishes as before.
:{{Black Screen|According to the improvement method from Paimon, Aranara finishes the dish under your guidance.<br>After that, you enjoy the dish with Aranara...}}
:'''Paimon:''' How's the taste of true-blue gourmet Nara food, eh?
:'''Arapacati:''' Hmm... While it was Arapacati's suggestion for Nara {{Traveler}} to teach my brothers...
:'''Arachatora:''' Nara dishes... Is this what Nara call "the taste of happiness"?
:'''Arasaka:''' Happiness is fleeing from me...
:'''Arapas:''' Vanarana's water is obviously the Best Water, so how did something like this get made from it?
:'''Araphala:''' The Unrivaled Fresh Fruit is still delicious, though. Yum.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? You Aranara think it's awful? Paimon thought it was pretty yummy, though...
:'''Arapacati:''' I have no idea how "awful" is supposed to taste, but the flavor of this dish... has "impact." You know, like the kind you get from running full-speed into a tree...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... This has gotta be a massive case of culture clash.
:'''Arapacati:''' Still, it's rude to say that, my brothers. You should be thanking Nara {{Traveler}} instead!
:'''Arachatora:''' *whimper* I'm sorry...
:'''Arapacati:''' Don't say "sorry"! Say "Thank you!"
:'''"Brothers":''' Thank you, Nara {{Traveler}}...
:'''Arapacati:''' But it's okay as long as Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon enjoy the food! Don't mind them. If our Nara friends are happy, we're happy.
:'''Arapacati:''' That said, Nara {{Traveler}} is totally different from [[Nara Varuna]], who told us a lot of things about "{{MC|m=brothers|f=sisters}}."
:'''Arapacati:''' But Nara {{Traveler}} is very quiet. Are you feeling unwell?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, say something, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for your concern.
:{{DIcon}} (Remain silent.)
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, no need to worry, Arapacati! {{Traveler}}'s fine!
:'''Arapacati:''' Is that so? I'm glad. Once again, thank you. These petals are from Arapacati and her brothers. They're for you, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:'''Arapacati:''' We hope the two of you will enjoy more of the "taste of happiness" here in Vanarana!
;(Obtain [[The Siblings' Flowers]])

;(Talk to Arapacati, Arasaka, Arachatora, Araphala, or Arapas again)
:'''Arapacati:''' Nara's "taste of happiness" is so strange... But since Nara is happy, Arapacati and her brothers shall be happy too!
:'''Arasaka:''' The "taste of happiness" is good, of course. B&mdash;But it's not just about the sugar.
:'''Arachatora:''' The Head Mushroom helped too! The Head Mushroom I've always dreamed about! Its aroma... Ahh!
:'''Araphala:''' And don't... don't forget about the Unrivaled Fresh Fruit...
:'''Arapas:''' Water from Vanarana too! Soup with "the taste of happiness" can only be made with the best water!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Taste of Happiness
|zhs     = 快乐的味道
|zhs_rm  = Kuàilè de Wèidào
|zht     = 快樂的味道
|zht_rm  = Kuàilè de Wèidào
|zh_tl   = Taste of Happiness
|ja      = 幸福の味
|ja_rm   = Koufuku no Aji
|ja_tl   = Taste of Happiness
|ko      = 즐거운 맛
|ko_rm   = Jeolgeoun Mat
|ko_tl   = Pleasant Taste
|es      = El sabor de la felicidad
|es_tl   = The Taste of Happiness
|fr      = Le goût de la joie
|fr_tl   = The Taste of Joy
|ru      = Вкус радости
|ru_tl   = Taste of Happiness
|th      = รสชาติแห่งความสุข
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hương Vị Vui Vẻ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geschmack der Freude
|de_tl   = Taste of Joy
|id      = Rasa Kebahagiaan
|id_tl   = Taste of Happiness
|pt      = Gosto da Felicidade
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mutluluğun Tadı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sapore della felicità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}