{{Event
|name              = Taste of Summer Fan Art Contest
|image             = Taste of Summer Fan Art Contest.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Fanart
|type3             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-07-09 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-07-23 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/37
}}

Hello, Travelers!

Summer days are here! What does the ideal summer day look like to you? What are some delicious dishes that you cannot do without for your summer adventures?

The "Taste of Summer" fan art contest has begun! Draw your perfect summer day in Teyvat and share your favorite foods~

==Event Duration==
*July 9, 2021 – July 23, 2021 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Results: August 6

==How to Participate==
# Create Genshin Impact fan art on the theme of "Taste of Summer" in accordance with the Submission Criteria.
# Remember, the gastronomy of Teyvat must be present in your artwork~
# Click the "Post Image" button on the event page to submit your artwork.
# Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~
* Only works submitted via the feature in the top-right corner of the event page will be counted.

==Submission Criteria==
# Genshin Impact characters should be the focal point of your artwork and you must depict at least one Teyvat specialty dish in the artwork.
# The finished works posted should be colored. When uploading their finished works, Travelers should include pictures of their works-in-progress (drafts, sketches, etc.) as supplementary evidence.
# Aside from the artist's signature, the finished works must not contain any letters, words, or text
# Travelers should name their work (please include this in the title of the post.) Please also go to your Account Info page and enter your UID under "Redemption Information." If you fill in the wrong UID, you may not receive your prize.
# Please sign your name in any of the four corners of the work (you can use the HoYoLAB watermark feature).
*For participation to be valid, Travelers must adhere to all the above five criteria.

==Event Rewards==
* Summer Memories (1 Winner): Primogems ×5,000 + Mondstadt "City of Winds and Idylls" Original Soundtrack Gift Box ×1
* Exploration of Taste (3 Winners): Primogems ×3,000 + Character Portrait Phone Stand (Random) ×1 + Genshin Impact Hang-Up Poster - "Duel at the Golden House" ×1 + Character Stand (Random) ×1
* Delicious Memories (6 Winners): Primogems ×1,000 + Genshin Impact Hang-Up Poster - "Duel at the Golden House" ×1 + Character Stand (Random) ×1
* Summer Luck (10 Winners): Random Character Badge ×10

Of all eligible submissions, we will:
* Select one best work and award its creator with the Summer Memories Bundle.
* Select three of the most popular works and award each of their creators with an Exploration of Taste Bundle.
* Select six excellent works and award each of their creators with a Delicious Memories Bundle.
* Randomly select 10 works and present the creators each with a Summer Luck Bundle.
* P.S.: Likes, comments, and the number of times works have been favorited will, to a certain degree, factor in selecting the winners. If the artwork does not meet expected quality standards, not all prizes may be rewarded.

==Reminders==
# Submissions should be JPGs, PNGs, or GIFs with file sizes under 10MB (in-game screenshots and previously posted works will not be considered).
# Participants can post a maximum of five submissions, with each submission consisting of a single work. The same work cannot be submitted more than once, and is only eligible for one prize. However, creators can win more than one reward.
# Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those with content that violates our Community Rules, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact or "Taste of Summer", works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# Travelers should participate in the event in accordance with the steps under How to Participate. In any of the following circumstances, participation will be deemed to be invalid:
## Submissions fall outside of the stipulated time period (UTC+8) or are posted outside of the Genshin Impact community (HoYoLAB).
## Entries are not posted on the submission event page.
# If a participant's successful submission is reported and found to have plagiarized or defrauded the work of another artist after the event itself, their rewards will be rescinded by the official Genshin Impact HoYoLAB Community Team. Furthermore, all of such participant's accounts on HoYoLAB will be permanently banned and they will not be permitted to participate in any future community events. Stay vigilant, Travelers, and help us report any suspected violations.
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to contact the email address as stated in the system message to provide their shipping address. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.

==Event FAQ==
Q1: Can PlayStation players participate in the event?<br />
A1: Yes. If you do not have a HoYoLAB account yet, please follow these steps to create one and submit your artwork according to the requirements:
#Create a HoYoLAB account.
#Link email (go to Account Management https://account.mihoyo.com/#/login, and log in to link email).

Q2: Should the works be drawn by hand or digitally?<br />
A2: Either works! If your submission is hand-drawn, please scan and upload it, and do not just take a picture. Please also scan and upload images of your works-in-progress as mentioned in the Submission Criteria.

==Winners==
For contest results, see [https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/37 Winning Works, <nowiki>[</nowiki>Prize Giveaway<nowiki>]</nowiki> The "Taste of Summer" Fan Art Contest Has Begun!]

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

[[vi:Hương Vị Mùa Hè Thu thập Fan Art]]
[[pt-br:Evento de Arte de Fãs "Sabores do Verão"]]
[[ru:Событие фан-арта «Аромат лета»]]