{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = World Quest Tatara Tales.png
|type            = World
|region          = Inazuma
}}
'''Tatara Tales'''  is a seven-day [[World Quest]] Series containing quests related to [[Mikage Furnace]] within [[Tatarasuna]] in [[Kannazuka]], [[Inazuma]].

It is automatically initiated by running into [[Toranosuke]] or [[Miyuki]] at the [[Kujou Encampment]]. Further quests in this chapter may require the daily reset to pass after completing the previous quest.

Upon completing the entire quest line, the [[Balethunder]] present at [[Mikage Furnace]] will dissipate. Furthermore, the NPC [[Hanayama Kaoru]] will appear which allows players to exchange [[Bag of Flower Seeds]] for a common chest with 20,000 Mora.

==Quests==
#[[Tatara Tales (Quest)|Tatara Tales]] (Day 1)
#[[Tatara Tales: Priority Investigation]] (Day 1)
#[[Tatara Tales: Purification Device]] (Day 2)
#[[Tatara Tales: Data Collection]] (Day 3)
#[[Tatara Tales: Process Is Everything]] (Day 4)
#[[Tatara Tales: Functional Test]] (Day 5)
#[[Tatara Tales: Final Preparations]] (Day 6)
#[[Tatara Tales: The Last Act]] (Day 7)

==Summary==
A few years ago, for the purpose of expanding the production capacity of [[Jade Steel]], the [[Tenryou Commission]] hired experts from Fontaine to build the Mikage Furnace, powering it with the power of the [[Tatarigami]]. However, recently due to the war breaking out between the [[Inazuma Shogunate|Shogunate]] and the [[Watatsumi Army|Sangonomiya Resistance]], this power has begun to spiral out of control, leading the soldier Toranosuke and shrine maiden Miyuki to be at odds with each other. The Traveler decides to see what they can do about the situation and seeks out [[Xavier]], one of the consultants from [[Fontaine]] who stayed behind in Inazuma. After a quick investigation, it is discovered that the [[Fatui]] are the origin of the problems.

Over the 7 days of quests, the Traveler talks with Xavier and takes short trips to the Mikage Furnace to perform tasks such as investigating the area's conditions, gathering data. repairing paths. Sometimes along these preparations, small groups of Fatui will get in the way. After everything is done, Xavier and the Traveler go into the contaminated area together on a last trip to purify the Tatarigami Core which powers the facility, bringing it back to normal functionality.

==Total Series Rewards==
{{Card|Adventure EXP|1,700}}{{Card|Mora|225,000}}{{Card|Primogem|220}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|7}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|10}}{{Card|Blueprint: Square Yumemiru Stool|1}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/SbthUfs9RGI
|caption1 = Day 1: Tatara Tales Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/zMyonR6lK0Y
|caption2 = Day 1: Tatara Tales: Priority Investigation Guide

|video3   = https://youtu.be/qYYbC1avIXE
|caption3 = Day 2: Tatara Tales: Purification Device Guide

|video4   = https://youtu.be/8ruikAWZB4A
|caption4 = Day 3: Tatara Tales: Data Collection Guide

|video5   = https://youtu.be/K3zyRpIdwsA
|caption5 = Day 4: Tatara Tales: Process Is Everything Guide

|video6   = https://youtu.be/JiJlWS3FTIw
|caption6 = Day 5: Tatara Tales: Functional Test Guide

|video7   = https://youtu.be/kkH6VwfSXuI
|caption7 = Day 6: Tatara Tales: Final Preparations Guide

|video8   = https://youtu.be/yR0aa_EpA4Q
|caption8 = Day 7: Tatara Tales: The Last Act Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tatara Tales
|zhs     = 踏鞴物语
|zhs_rm  = Tàbèi Wùyǔ
|zht     = 踏鞴物語
|zht_rm  = Tàbèi Wùyǔ
|zh_tl   = Tatara Tales
|ja      = たたら物語
|ja_rm   = Tatara Monogatari
|ja_tl   = Tatara Stories
|ko      = 타타라 모노가타리
|ko_rm   = Tatara Monogatari
|ko_tl   = Tatara Monogatari
|es      = Cuentos de Tatara
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Les contes de Tatara
|fr_tl   = The Tales of Tatara
|ru      = Сказания из Татары
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องราวแห่ง Tatara
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Câu Chuyện Tatara
|vi_tl   = Tatara Tales
|de      = Tatara-Geschichten
|de_tl   = Tatara Tales
|id      = Kisah Tatara
|id_tl   = Tatara Tales
|pt      = Contos de Tatara
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[Category:Daily Quests]]
[[pt-br:Contos de Tatara]]