{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tatarigami.png
|type         = Lore
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Yashiori Island
}}
{{Quote|[[Orobashi]]'s divine form was sundered along with the mountains, its ichor turned into plasma, and its will and power became a curse that could never be extinguished: Tatarigami.|[[Golden Branch of a Distant Sea]]}}
The {{Lang|'''Tatarigami'''|ja=祟り神|ja_rm=Tatarigami|ja_tl=Curse God}} is a curse that plagued [[Yashiori Island]], [[Inazuma]], formed from the will and power of the serpent god [[Orobashi]] who was slain over the island. When the wards suppressing it are disrupted, it causes sickness and calamities around the island.

Before the [[Traveler]]'s arrival, the wards over Yashiori Island were destroyed, causing a resurgence of Tatarigami and a stalemate between the [[Shogun's Army]] and the [[Watatsumi Army]]. The Tatarigami manifest as a black aura around certain enemies in the island, and as a persistent storm overshadowing the island when players first explore the area.

==Overview==
The Tatarigami spawned from Orobashi's will and power after [[Raiden Ei]]<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|More About Ei: III}}</ref> slew it on Yashiori Island towards the end of the [[Archon War]].<ref name="Goldbranch">{{Ref/Item|Golden Branch of a Distant Sea}}</ref>

Areas affected by the Tatarigami experience perpetual thunderstorms, and plants grown in contaminated soil will wither away.<ref name="treatment">{{Ref/Quest|Treatment on the Island}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/HEO|Hanayama Kaoru's Flowery Plan}}</ref>

Exposure to Tatarigami typically causes mysterious, untreatable illnesses in humans, although the effects are mitigated for [[Vision]]-bearers or those with another form of elemental sensitivity. Physical effects include random unstoppable bleeding from orifices, fevers, constant migraines, rashes, as well as dizziness and weakness.<ref name="TIE">{{Ref/HEO|Tatarigami Investigation Expedition}}</ref><ref name="PharmaNote2">{{Ref/Item|Pharmacist's Notebook (II)}}</ref> Psychological effects include auditory hallucinations and insanity; notably, people's auditory hallucinations primarily revolving around an unknown god addressed as "Him."<ref name="TIE" /><ref>{{Ref/Item|Tattered Paper}}</ref> While raving about how [[Chouji's Mother]] will not escape "Him," [[Washizu]] describes this god as having "eighteen pairs of blood-red eyes! Thousands of sharp, venomous fangs! Countless mouths and numberless tongues, ever thirsting after blood!"<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Washizu's Prayers}}</ref> In the [[Tatarigami Investigation Expedition#Fort Mumei|Lost Text]] at [[Fort Mumei]], the author writes down his hallucinatory experiences, in which he describes witnessing "three teeth" which had "something black ooz[ing] out of them" as well as seeking some kind of treasure, before finally "melting into 'his' whisperings."

Some people show particular resistance to the Tatarigami's corruption, although the phenomenon is not understood. While Chouji's Mother fell ill, she remained in clear conscience and was relatively healthy compared to others affected, which [[Yasumoto]] suspects was caused by the Tatarigami's energy "flowing freely inside of her" instead of corrupting her.<ref name="PharmaNote2" /> Among the residents of [[Higi Village]] who remained, neither [[Chouji]] nor [[Yasumoto]] display symptoms of being corrupted by the Tatarigami.

==History==
===Suppression and Exploitation===
After the rise of Tatarigami, the people of Inazuma created wards housed within three [[Narukami Pillar]]s to suppress Orobashi's soul, hence subduing the Tatarigami.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Orobashi's Legacy: Prologue}}</ref> The Yashiori Guardians, led by [[Kitain Bunsou]] and the Kitain Clan, also took up the mantle of suppressing the Tatarigami.<ref name="OL5">{{Ref/Quest|Orobashi's Legacy: Part V}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Kitain Cross Spear}}</ref>

With the threat of the Tatarigami minimized, people from [[Narukami Island]] began mining [[Crystal Marrow]] from Orobashi's remains. The people of [[Watatsumi Island]], who continued to worship Orobashi, were greatly incensed by the exploitation of their god's remains.<ref name="clean house">{{Ref/Quest|Clean House}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief}}</ref>

In recent years, the [[Mikage Furnace]] was built at [[Tatarasuna]] at the behest of the [[Tenryou Commission]], using technology from [[Fontaine]] capable of harnessing the Tatarigami's energy to smelt [[Jade Steel]]. This decision has been hotly contested by the priestesses of the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]], who believe that the Tatarigami are too dangerous to be trifled with.<ref name="TT1">{{Ref/Quest|Tatara Tales (Quest)}}</ref>

===Present Day===
Acting on orders from First Harbinger [[Pierro]] to stall the war,<ref name="clean house" /> [[Fatui]] mole [[Nathan]] spurred Orobashi fanatics within the Watatsumi Army into damaging the wards on Yashiori Island.<ref>Interactable: [[Narukami Pillar#Waterlogged Note|Waterlogged Note]]</ref> This led to a resurgence of the Tatarigami across the island and with it, mysterious ailments and poor weather which ground the conflict between the [[Shogun's Army]] and [[Watatsumi Army]] into a bitter stalemate.<ref name="TIE" />

The Kitain bloodline had died out by this time,<ref name="OL5" /> while the [[Tenryou Commission]] head [[Kujou Takayuki]] refused to believe [[Kujou Masahito]]'s reports about the severity of the Tatarigami situation;<ref name="TIE" /> the Mikage Furnace's core, which had been damaged and was on the verge of a meltdown, could not be attended to by the Grand Narukami Shrine due to [[Hanbei]]'s inaction and hostility from the Tenryou Commission soldiers stationed there.<ref name="TT1" /> As a result, all Inazuman forces who could change the Tatarigami situation were preoccupied or unable to attend to the matter before the [[Traveler]]'s arrival.

Over the course of the World Quest series ''[[Orobashi's Legacy]]'', the Traveler helps [[Kaji]], a resident of the island, repair the Narukami Pillars; with each pillar repaired, its corresponding region is slowly cleared of the Tatarigami's influence. In the World Quest series ''[[Tatara Tales]]'', the Traveler also assists [[Xavier]], one of the personnel in charge of creating and maintaining the Mikage Furnace, repair the furnace's core and fend off the [[Fatui]] forces attempting to use it for their own ends.

Despite the Traveler's aid, the ravages of the Tatarigami's influence can be felt throughout the island. [[Higi Village]] has been all but abandoned, with most of its inhabitants having either fled to either neighboring island for refuge, or died from illness or insanity. By the time the Traveler stumbles on the village, it has been reduced to a total of two residents, Yasumoto and Chouji, while the village chief, Washizu, had fallen to insanity.

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*In {{w|Shinto}}, {{Lang|{{W|Glossary_of_Shinto#T|Tatarigami}}|ja=祟り神}} are powerful gods or spirits that bring all forms of calamity upon their victims, such as "death and destruction, fire and famine, plague and war." In order to appease these spirits, shrines dedicated to them have been built across Japan in the hopes that their curses can be lifted.<ref>Yokai.com: [https://yokai.com/tatarigami/ Tatarigami]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Tatarigami
|zhs      = 祟神
|zhs_rm   = Suìshén
|zht      = 祟神
|zht_rm   = Suìshén
|zh_tl    = Evil Spirit God
|ja       = {{Rubi|祟|たた|り}}{{Rubi|神|がみ}}
|ja_rm    = Tatarigami
|ja_tl    = Curse God
|ko       = {{tt|재앙신|災殃神}}
|ko_rm    = Jae'ang-sin
|ko_tl    = Disaster God
|es       = Tatarigami
|fr       = Tatarigami
|ru       = Татаригами
|th       = Tatarigami
|vi       = {{tt|Họa Thần|禍神}}
|vi_tl    = Disaster God
|de       = Tatarigami
|id       = Tatarigami
|pt       = Tatarigami
}}

==See also==
*[[Abyssal Corruption]]
*[[Karma]]

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox}}

[[es:Tatarigami]]