{{Item Infobox
|id           = 100987
|image        = Book Letter.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A crumpled note very messy, illegible handwriting.
|source1      = Dropped by [[Washizu]]
}}
The '''Tattered Paper''' is a Quest Item used in the "[[Sinister Instruction]]" [[World Quest]]. It is dropped and written by [[Washizu]] and it explains the situation of [[Higi Village]].

==Text==
...<br />
...He's the only physician in the village, and now he's lost his senses. We had to tie him up and lock him in a cellar. It's the only way to stop him from being a danger to himself and others...<br />
...Right here, right now, all we can do is pray, and hope that Her Excellency the Shogun hears our hearts' cry and puts an end to this war...<br />
...I must gather everyone at the shrine. Given the circumstances, people are struggling to stay strong, and although I'm battling with my own powerlessness as the village head, I should at least do something to give them hope...<br />
...<br />
...[[Shingo]] says he heard the word of god. How absurd...<br />
...[[Chouji]]'s [[Chouji's Mother|mother]] is back again. She prays at the shrine every day. Is it because of her illness, or for her husband? I regret that there's nothing I can do to help their family as the village head...<br />
...<br />
... I locked Shingo up. He's gone completely insane &mdash; he tried to attack Chouji's mother! It was the least I could do to apologize to her on behalf of everyone in Higi Village...<br />
...<br />
...I keep hearing voices right beside my ears. Loud voices, a constant drone... Maybe I just need to rest. I've not had a proper night's sleep in days...<br />
...My auditory hallucinations aren't getting any better, and I've got a terrible headache...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tattered Paper
|zhs     = 破烂的纸条
|zhs_rm  = Pòlàn de Zhǐtiáo
|zht     = 破爛的紙條
|zht_rm  = Pòlàn de Zhǐtiáo
|ja      = ボロボロの紙切れ
|ja_rm   = Boroboro no Kamikire
|ko      = 너덜너덜한 쪽지
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Nota arrugada
|fr      = Note abimée
|ru      = Помятая записка
|th      = กระดาษโน้ตขาดรุ่งริ่ง
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Mẩu Giấy Rách
|de      = Beschädigte Notiz
|id      = Kertas Usang
|pt      = Pedaço de Papel Amassado
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}