{{Act Infobox
|image          = Waterborne Poetry Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Waterborne Poetry
|actNum         = II
|actType        = Part
|next           = 
|ARReq          = <!--20-->
|event_name     = Waterborne Poetry
}}
'''Tears Among the Leaves''' is the second part of the [[Waterborne Poetry]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Tears Among the Leaves (Quest)|Tears Among the Leaves]]

==Summary==
;Tears Among the Leaves
The next day, the Traveler and Paimon head to the venue for the second day of the poetry gala. Venti reveals the second poetry theme, "Pairing Couplets" and invites everyone to take an "inspiration walk" and go wherever they want to gather their thoughts before coming back to the venue at night. Afterwards, Venti tells the Traveler to gather Chongyun, Xingqiu, and the Mondstadt contingent to help with Chongyun's investigation. He splits them into two groups. The Traveler, Paimon, Diona, and Chongyun will be on the same group and Xingqiu, Noelle, and Mika will be on the other group. They all set off to their destinations afterwards. Chongyun takes his group to the location of the incident. Meanwhile, Xiao is looking at the venue from a nearby mountain peak.

At the [[Qiongji Estuary|location of the incident]], Chongyun explains that he was there for training and shares his frustration to Diona that he never got a chance to demonstrate any exorcism because of his pure-yang spirit. Xiao suddenly appears and tells Chongyun that his physical constitution is far rarer than the techniques still passed down by exorcists today and he should treasure it. Xiao informs them that he already patrolled the area and found nothing suspicious. The Traveler invites Xiao to join them on the inspiration walk, and Xiao agrees.

While getting [[Jueyun Chili]]es, Chongyun admires Diona's "dedication" but she insists that she hates alcohol and her goal is to create the most disgusting drink but she always failed. Diona decides to make a non-alcoholic Slime Condensate drink with Jueyun Chilis and Frog Legs so he can see for themselves. Xiao believes her ability is something special. Chongyun hesitantly tries Diona's drink after seeing Xiao finishing her drink in a single gulp. Because of the Jueyun Chilis, Chongyun burst into manic state while excitedly praises the drink and begs for more. The Traveler tells Diona to make an ice-cold drink to help him calm down.

After calming down, he and Diona find out they have lot in common especially in their shared dislike of their condition. Xiao sees a leaf on the water with a poem written on it, seemingly a poem of two lovers who did not ended up together. The group decide to write a reply on a leaf and brought it [[Bishui Plain|upstream]], hoping that it will reach the original writer. After placing the leaf with the response poem, they went to set afloat more copies of the response poem in different places.

Meanwhile, on the other team, Noelle sets a camp while Mika and Xingqiu patrol the area to gather firewood and food. Xingqiu praises Mika's survival skills although Mika feels insecure about himself. Xingqiu ensures him that as long he has a good heart and willing to help others, he is a real hero. Noelle finishes the camp and they all enjoy a delicious meal together. After having a light-hearted chat, Xingqiu spots a woman alone on the bridge nearby, which they recognize as one of the participant of the event's first day. They greet her and the woman introduces herself as [[Callirhoe]], a traveler from Fontaine. Mike invites her to join them and return to the venue together, which she agrees.

Later at night, both of the teams have arrived at the venue. Xiao is once again watching from a mountain peak nearby. Venti starts the event and Hu Tau introduces a special guest, [[Zhongli]], as a judge of the second day. Everyone is having fun exchanging couplets. After the event ended on a high note, Callirhoe asks everyone if they have read "[[Heart of Clear Springs]]" before and asks about their opinion of its main character, the Spring Fairy. She also asks if the Spring Fairy should be reunited with the boy in the story again, which everyone agrees because the boy is the love of her life. Venti then announces the theme for the third day is "Freestyle Poetry" and everyone are free to create their own poetry without any restrictions.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tears Among the Leaves
|zhs     = 叶间泪
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 葉間淚
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 葉に綴られた涙
|ja_rm   = Ha ni Tsudzurareta Namida
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 잎새 사이로 흐르는 눈물
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Pesares en la hojarasca
|es_tl   = Regrets Among the Fallen Leaves
|fr      = Larmes dans les feuilles
|fr_tl   = Tears in the Leaves
|ru      = Слёзы в листве
|ru_tl   = Tears in the Leaves
|th      = หยาดน้ำตาบนใบไม้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trong Trà Có Lệ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Tränen unter Blättern
|de_tl   = Tears Among Leaves
|id      = Air Mata di Antara Daun
|id_tl   = Tears Among the Leaves
|pt      = Lágrimas Entre Chá
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yaprak Dökümü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lacrime tra le foglie
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Lágrimas Entre Chá]]