{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.5]]
* Introduced [[Atocpan]] with 19 Teleport Waypoints to [[Natlan]], [[Teyvat]].
** 14 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 5 underground Teleport Waypoints
* Introduced [[Ancient Sacred Mountain]] with 19 Teleport Waypoints.
** 7 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 12 underground Teleport Waypoints
* A Teleport Waypoint in [[Atocpan]] is automatically unlocked.
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 535.
----
[[Version 5.3]]
* Added 1 Underground Teleport Waypoint to [[Tezcatepetonco Range]], [[Natlan]], [[Teyvat]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 497.
----
[[Version 5.2]]
* Introduced [[Ochkanatlan]], [[Quahuacan Cliff]] and [[Tezcatepetonco Range]] with 35 Teleport Waypoints to [[Natlan]], [[Teyvat]].
** 29 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 6 underground Teleport Waypoints
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 496.
----
[[Version 5.1]]
* Added 1 Underground Teleport Waypoint to [[Toyac Springs]], [[Natlan]], [[Teyvat]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 461.
----
[[Version 5.0]]
* Introduced [[Natlan]] with 45 Teleport Waypoints in [[Teyvat]]. 
** [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]]
** [[Coatepec Mountain]]
** [[Tequemecan Valley]]
** [[Toyac Springs]]
** 30 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 15 underground Teleport Waypoints
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 460.
----
[[Version 4.8]]
* Added 17 temporary Teleport Waypoints to [[Simulanka]].
----
[[Version 4.6]]
* Introduced [[Nostoi Region]] with 6 Teleport Waypoints to [[Fontaine]], [[Teyvat]].
** 2 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 4 underground Teleport Waypoints
* Introduced [[Sea of Bygone Eras]] with 17 Teleport Waypoints.
** 4 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 6 underground Teleport Waypoints
** 7 underwater Teleport Waypoints
* Added 1 Regular Teleport Waypoint to [[Lokapala Jungle]], [[Dharma Forest]], [[Sumeru]], [[Teyvat]].
* A Teleport Waypoint in [[Petrichor]] is automatically unlocked.
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 415.
----
[[Version 4.4]]
* Introduced [[Chenyu Vale: Upper Vale]], [[Chenyu Vale: Southern Mountain]], and [[Mt. Laixin]] with 29 Teleport Waypoints to [[Chenyu Vale]], [[Liyue]], [[Teyvat]].
** 26 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 3 underground Teleport Waypoints
* A Teleport Waypoint in Chenyu Vale: Upper Vale is automatically unlocking.
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 391.
----
[[Version 4.2]]
* Introduced [[Erinnyes Forest]] and [[Morte Region]] with 24 Teleport Waypoints to [[Fontaine]], [[Teyvat]]. 
** 17 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 2 underground Teleport Waypoints
** 5 underwater Teleport Waypoints
* Added 1 Teleport Waypoint to [[Beryl Region]], [[Fontaine]], [[Teyvat]].
** 1 underground Teleport Waypoint
* Updated Teleport Waypoint near [[Marcotte Station]] to be automatically unlocking.
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 362.
----
[[Version 4.1]]
* Introduced [[Liffey Region]] and [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]] with 22 Teleport Waypoints to [[Fontaine]], [[Teyvat]].
** 13 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 6 underground Teleport Waypoints
** 3 underwater Teleport Waypoints
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 337.
----
[[Version 4.0]]
* Introduced [[Fontaine]] with 39 Teleport Waypoints in [[Teyvat]].
** [[Belleau Region]]
** [[Beryl Region]]
** [[Court of Fontaine Region]]
** 19 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 7 underground Teleport Waypoints
** 13 underwater Teleport Waypoints
* Added 2 Teleport Waypoints to [[Realm of Farakhkert]], [[Girdle of the Sands]], [[Sumeru]], [[Teyvat]].
** 1 regular Teleport Waypoint (automatically unlocking)
** 1 underground Teleport Waypoint
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 315.
----
[[Version 3.8]]
* Added 9 temporary Teleport Waypoints to [[Veluriyam Mirage]].
----
[[Version 3.6]] 
* Introduced the [[Girdle of the Sands]] with 16 Teleport Waypoints in [[Sumeru]], [[Teyvat]].
** [[Gavireh Lajavard]]
** [[Realm of Farakhkert]]
** 10 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 6 underground Teleport Waypoints
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 274.
----
[[Version 3.4]]
* Introduced [[Desert of Hadramaveth]] to [[Great Red Sand]] with 20 Teleport Waypoints in [[Sumeru]], [[Teyvat]]. 
** 13 regular Teleport Waypoints
** 7 underground Teleport Waypoints<ref group="Note">The Teleport Waypoint at Debris of Panjvahe was initially released as an underground Teleport Waypoint. When the "Multi-Layered Map" function got released in version 4.0, the Debris of Panjvahe did not include any underground layer, and as a result this Teleport Waypoint became a regular Teleport Waypoint.</ref>
** [[Mt. Damavand]]'s Teleport Waypoint can only be seen by clearing the sandstorm in the area, similar to the fog on [[Tsurumi Island]].
* Added 1 Teleport Waypoint to [[Hypostyle Desert]], [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]], [[Teyvat]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 258.
* Added markers for '''Teleport Waypoints''' and [[Domain]]s in non-outdoor areas.
----
[[Version 3.1]]
* Introduced the [[Great Red Sand]] with 26 Teleport Waypoints in [[Sumeru]], [[Teyvat]]. 
** [[Hypostyle Desert]]
** [[Land of Lower Setekh]]
** [[Land of Upper Setekh]]
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 237.
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Added 1 Teleport Waypoint to [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] in [[Liyue]], [[Teyvat]]
* Introduced the [[Dharma Forest]] in [[Sumeru]], [[Teyvat]] with 46 Teleport Waypoints. 
** [[Ardravi Valley]]
** [[Ashavan Realm]]
** [[Avidya Forest]]
** [[Lokapala Jungle]]
** [[Lost Nursery]], unlocked via [[Aranyaka]] World Quest series.
** [[Vanarana (Area)|Vanarana]], unlocked via [[Aranyaka]] World Quest series.
** [[Vissudha Field]]
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 211.
----
[[Version 2.8]]
* Added 10 temporary Teleport Waypoints to [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8]].
----
[[Version 2.6]]
{{Transclude|Tsurumi Island/Change History|fog-tp-sot7-interaction|section=1}}
:'''2022-03-30:'''
* Introduced [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] with 5 Teleport Waypoints in [[Liyue]], [[Teyvat]].
* Introduced [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] with 15 Teleport Waypoints.
** This includes a hidden Teleport Waypoint near [[Nameless Ruins]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 164.
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* Added 10 temporary Teleport Waypoints to [[Three Realms Gateway Offering (Area)|Three Realms Gateway Offering]].
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Introduced [[Enkanomiya]] with 24 Teleport Waypoints.
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 144.
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Introduced [[Tsurumi Island]] with 7 Teleport Waypoints in [[Inazuma]], [[Teyvat]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 120.
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Introduced [[Seirai Island]] and [[Watatsumi Island]] with 14 Teleport Waypoints in [[Inazuma]], [[Teyvat]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 113.
* When the player is near a locked Teleport Waypoint, a navigation pointer will now indicate its location.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Introduced [[Narukami Island]], [[Kannazuka]] and [[Yashiori Island]] with 26 Teleport Waypoints in [[Inazuma]], [[Teyvat]].
** This includes the first non-outdoor Teleport Waypoint near [[Narukami Island]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 99.
* Added [[Sub-Space Waypoint]] to the [[Serenitea Pot]].
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* Added 7 temporary Teleport Waypoints to [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6]].
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* Introduced [[Dragonspine]] with 11 Teleport Waypoints in [[Mondstadt]], [[Teyvat]].
* Added 1 Teleport Waypoint to [[Windwail Highland]] in [[Mondstadt]], [[Teyvat]].
* Total amount of permanent Waypoints is now 73.
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* Added [[Portable Waypoint]] to [[Reputation]].
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Teleport Waypoints were released with 61 in [[Mondstadt]] and [[Liyue]], [[Teyvat]].
<noinclude>
==Notes==
{{Reflist|group=Note}}

[[fr:Point de téléportation/Historique]]
[[ru:Точки телепортации/История изменений]]
[[th:จุดเทเลพอร์ต/ประวัติการเปลี่ยนแปลง]]
</noinclude>