{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = NPC Location Taliesin Context.png
|type       = Unordered
|region     = Liyue
|area       = The Chasm
|loc        = [[The Chasm]]
|req        = [[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]
|characters = Taliesin; Traveler
}}
'''Tell a Tale for Taliesin''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] located in [[The Chasm]] and [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] (depending on [[Taliesin]]'s location), unlocked after completing ''[[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]''. To complete this objective, the player must complete five [[World Quests]], one [[Hidden Exploration Objective]], and the [[Archon Quest]] ''[[Requiem of the Echoing Depths]]'' and tell [[Taliesin]] about their stories.

Completing this objective grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' [[Achievement]] ''[[The Tome of Taliesin]]'' and the item [[Taliesin's Manuscript]].

==Steps==
To access this Hidden Exploration Objective, the ''[[Stolen, by the Rightful Owner]]'' World Quest needs to be accepted first, before the relevant dialogue can be accessed.

# Complete each of the following and choose the corresponding dialogue option when talking to Taliesin
#* After completing one of these quests/objectives, a corresponding option will open up in Taliesin's dialogue (see [[#Dialogue|Dialogue section]] below). Once the option has been picked, it will no longer be available the next time the player talks to him. Once all possible dialogue options have been exhausted, the player can continue to the next step.
#* World Quests:
#** [[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]
#** [[Perils in the Dark]]
#** [[Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?]]
#** [[Dimming Mushroom's Call for Help]]
#** [[A Company Vanishing Into the Deep]]
#* Archon Quests:
#** [[Requiem of the Echoing Depths]]
#* Hidden Exploration Objectives:
#** [[Locked Gate in the Nameless Ruins]]
# After exhausting all the dialogue options, talk to Taliesin again.
#* If all dialogue options have been exhausted, Taliesin will begin with "Sorry, I'm a little dizzy at the moment [...]".
# Wait until the next [[Daily Reset]]
# Talk to Taliesin

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(The player will receive one of these random intro lines out of what they have completed so far &mdash; not related to this objective)
::#'''Taliesin:''' Ho there, if it isn't (Traveler), the great hero who subdued the [[Dvalin|Dragon of the East]] and saved my homeland! Well met, well met!
::#'''Taliesin:''' You've come, (Traveler), challenger of the [[Tartaglia|Fatui Harbinger]], and deliverer of Liyue from its [[Osial|monstrous]] [[Beisht|sea-foes]]!
::#'''Taliesin:''' Ah, if it isn't the one who dispersed the great storm that lay over the [[Inazuma|land of thunder]], (Traveler)! Come, come!
::#'''Taliesin:''' Hail to you, (Traveler), great adventurer who once strode up to [[Dragonspine|Dragonspine's]] very summit!
::#'''Taliesin:''' Well met, Traveler, before whom even [[Signora|Fatui Harbingers]] had to admit defeat in distant lands!
:'''Taliesin:''' This might seem a little sudden, good hero, but could you spare a moment to tell me a story or two of yours for me to turn into songs for those who come after?
:{{DIcon}} Well, if you just need me to tell you stories...
:{{DIcon}} I've got a ton of stories to tell.
:'''Taliesin:''' I would be most grateful if you were to agree! Well then, fire away! I'm listening.
:{{DIcon}} Tell of your adventures in The Chasm.
::'''Taliesin:''' Alright then. Please, do go on.
::{{DIcon}} Tell of how you dispelled the Seven-Star Array...
:::'''You tell Taliesin of the things that happened...'''
:::'''Taliesin:''' Huh... "And so, with the aid of a faithful servant"... Wait. No, that won't do.
:::'''Taliesin:''' "With the aid of a [[Zhiqiong|faithful friend]], (Traveler) breached the path leading to the mines!"
:::'''Paimon:''' Uh... Is this really okay? We didn't ask her permission to use her in the story...
:::'''Taliesin:''' Ah, fret not, fret not! Heroes do not act as ordinary people might, and are not bound by such banal rules! Nobody will mind!
::{{DIcon}} Tell of the darkness and the creatures from the Abyss... ''(Unlocked after completing ''[[Perils in the Dark]]'')''
:::'''You tell Taliesin of the things that happened...'''
:::'''Taliesin:''' My, oh my. This is great. This is perfect! Give me a moment, let me write it all down.
:::'''Taliesin:''' "The dark fog pressed in like an avalanche, and the two [[Abyss Lectors|apostles of the Abyss]], now separated, disappeared without a trace, just as they had appeared..."
::{{DIcon}} Tell of the azure crystal you found in the depths of the Chasm. ''(Unlocked after completing ''[[Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?]]'')''
:::'''You tell Taliesin of the things that happened...'''
:::'''Taliesin:''' "The skies and the waters alike flowed across the crystal's surface, and the purple and red splotches faded..."
:::'''Taliesin:''' "The ancient creature of the ruins reeled, having taken a blow from (Traveler)'s iron fist, and it was at this moment that the star of the show arrived!"
:::'''Taliesin:''' "...The [[Yelan|mysterious ally]] that came to the Traveler's aid had vanished without a trace, but the [[Ruin Serpent|giant construct serpent]] had already been shattered to pieces by the crystal..."
::{{DIcon}} Tell of the fluorescent fungi in the caves... ''(Unlocked after completing ''[[Dimming Mushroom's Call for Help]]'')''
:::'''You tell Taliesin of the things that happened...'''
:::'''Taliesin:''' Fascinating... Almost unthinkable, really... Let me think for a moment before I say anything.
:::'''Taliesin:''' "And though it be a [[Xamaran|giant mushroom]] towering unto the sky, it was helpless before the encroaching dark..."
:::'''Taliesin:''' "Answering the call, (Traveler) came forth, purifying the land and staving the crisis off..."
::{{DIcon}} See you.
:::'''Taliesin:''' May all go well with you. Thank you for your time, (Traveler) &mdash; and may your valor be known throughout the world!
::{{DIcon}} I'm afraid I don't have any new tales for you at the moment.
:::'''Taliesin:''' Ah, is that so... No matter. Do tell me, though, if you do encounter any new stories in your adventures!
:{{DIcon}} Tell of the people you've met and the things you've seen. ''(Unlocked after completing any of the below prerequisites)''
::'''Taliesin:''' Yes, please do tell me everything. I am all ears.
::{{DIcon}} Tell of the nine [[Black Serpent Knights]]... ''(Unlocked after completing ''[[Locked Gate in the Nameless Ruins]]'')''
:::'''You tell Taliesin of the things that happened...'''
:::'''Taliesin:''' This... This is wonderful! "And so, the fated Traveler said: 'Forget coming at me one by one. I could take all nine of you on at once!'"
:::{{DIcon}} Uh, that's a bit of an exaggeration...
:::'''Taliesin:''' It's alright... Now, if you'll allow me, I might exercise some creative license with the former lives of those nine swordsmen...
::{{DIcon}} Tell of your search for your [[Traveler's Sibling|kin]]... ''(Unlocked after completing ''[[Requiem of the Echoing Depths]]'')''
:::'''You tell Taliesin of the things that happened...'''
:::'''Taliesin:''' That is... fascinating indeed. An ancient, forgotten land, sacrifices that went unacknowledged, and an unjust punishment to fall into folly... What huge themes! What an expansive tale!
:::'''Taliesin:''' And to think that such stories are things that you've encountered in your travels, and that are so very close to your own aims...
:::'''Taliesin:''' Thank you for sharing all these with me. I will record them down. That said, I don't believe that I shall compose a poem from them yet... I believe that these will only be small fragments of your saga.
:::'''Taliesin:''' I will not tell your tale with the limited skill that I have... I ask only that you tell me of your journey once it is complete.
:::'''Taliesin:''' My intuition tells me that when that day comes, my ears shall be blessed with the most heroic tale known to this world.
::{{DIcon}} Tell of the Fatui who met with a crisis... ''(Unlocked after completing ''[[A Company Vanishing Into the Deep]]'')''
:::'''You tell Taliesin of the things that happened...'''
:::'''Taliesin:''' Haha! That's such an interesting story! "'A bitter day this is, that we should be saved by our great foe!' Sergeant Anton exclaimed with a sigh..."
:::'''Taliesin:''' "Yet those who meet as friends today, tomorrow may meet as foes."
::{{DIcon}} See you.
:::'''Taliesin:''' May all go well with you. Thank you for your time, (Traveler) &mdash; and may your valor be known throughout the world!
::{{DIcon}} I'm afraid I don't have any new tales for you at the moment.
:::'''Taliesin:''' Ah, is that so... No matter. Do tell me, though, if you do encounter any new stories in your adventures!
:{{DIcon}} See you.
:;(Same as the above versions)
----
;(Talk to Taliesin after completing all of the prerequisites and exhausting all of the dialogue options)
:'''Taliesin:''' Sorry, I'm a little dizzy at the moment, but I can take it! Ugh...
:{{DIcon}} What is it you're doing here?
::'''Taliesin:''' I consider myself a bard of the old school, so of course I'm here to get some inspiration.
::'''Taliesin:''' That said, I've never gone down into a mine before... and in my hurry to get here, I wound up... pulling a muscle.
::'''Taliesin:''' Ow ow ow...
:{{DIcon}} I won't disturb you, then.
::'''Taliesin:''' Ah, yeah, if you come across any new stories, do tell me!
----
;(Talk to Taliesin after the next daily reset)
:'''Taliesin:''' Thank you for helping me finish this epic poem... Ah, yes. Please, take this copy of my manuscript as thanks!
:'''Taliesin:''' Phew... This epic manuscript carries both my emotions and ambitions. Please, take it. It is what little I can do to repay you.
:;(Obtain [[Taliesin's Manuscript]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/nNrysCf_EHI
|caption1 = Tell a Tale for Taliesin Guide
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Unordered}}