{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73703
|image         = Event Quest Tell me mirror mirror.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Shared Sight
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Lamiya; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Gandha Hill]]. [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Gandha Hill
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4;Inscribed Mirror*1
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Shared Sight]] Event.
}}
'''''Tell me, mirror mirror''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Shared Sight]] Event.

==Steps==
# Find the scholar in the wild

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You hear that there's a scholar out in the wild who's trying to recruit people to participate in a strange mirror-related activity. Maybe you should go take a look...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lamiya)<!-- No ASTK-->
:'''Lamiya:''' Ahem! You two, over there, excuse me...
:'''Lamiya:''' There's a brand new game here for you two to play! Hehe, as long as you complete the challenge, you'll obtain a ton of funding for experiments!
:'''Paimon:''' Funding?
:'''Lamiya:''' Ah! No, sorry, I spoke too quickly! What I mean is, if you finish the game and fill out the survey, then you'll get amazing rewards!
:'''Lamiya:''' The game is really simple too! Heehee, there aren't many chances to obtain rewards this easily, you know...
:'''Paimon:''' Hm, that seems a bit suspicious to Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} Is this some kind of new scam?
:{{DIcon}} Should we report this to the matra?
:'''Lamiya:''' Whoa, whoa, don't be like that! There's no need to get so suspicious right off the bat, really... Though I admit that randomly inviting strangers passing by in a place like this might be seen as somewhat unusual.
:'''Lamiya:''' But at least listen to my excuse! Er, I mean, listen to my explanation!
:{{DIcon}} Alright, let's hear it.
:'''Lamiya:''' Though the two of you cannot tell, I am a researcher from the [[Amurta]] Darshan of the Akademiya. My name is Lamiya.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, it's actually really obvious, since you're wearing Akademiya clothing.
:'''Lamiya:''' Oho, that's where you're wrong! What if a con artist merely put on Akademiya robes to fool you into thinking they were a researcher?
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Lamiya:''' Of course, I am most definitely not talking about myself! Pfff, come on, I was just reminding you two! I really am from Amurta, if you doubt me, just ask any matra! I'm definitely at the top of quite a few of their lists.
:'''Paimon:''' Is that supposed to be... a good thing?
:'''Lamiya:''' Ahem! Anyway, you two... oh, right! I haven't asked your names yet...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's name is Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} And I'm {{Traveler}}.
:'''Lamiya:''' Hehe, in that case, {{Traveler}} and Paimon, allow me to explain this little challenge to you!
:'''Lamiya:''' This is actually all related to a story I read when I was a child, about a boy who turns into a cat and has all kinds of adventures in the land of cats!
:'''Lamiya:''' It's a really cute story, hehe, after the protagonist falls in love with a beautiful cat, he turns back into a human! Then, the story ends with him as the owner of that gorgeous cat, living out their lives as pet and master... it's a pretty good ending.
:'''Paimon:''' No... That's actually a really weird ending.
:'''Lamiya:''' Well, at the very end, the boy finds out the beautiful cat is actually male! So I think the ending actually has quite a bit of literary value...
:'''Lamiya:''' Hehe... sorry, we got a bit off topic. Anyway, the whole point is that much of the story is written from the perspective of an animal, which fascinated me! After becoming a scholar, I decided that would be my research area.
:'''Lamiya:''' By combining the equipment I developed with the mature tech of the Akasha, we can see the world through the eyes of various animals.
:'''Paimon:''' Now that sounds more like it! Though, using the Akademiya's research funds to chase your dreams, isn't that a bit like abusing your position to get what you want?
:'''Lamiya:''' Haha, perhaps it is appropriating public technology for my private purposes, and a bit selfish, but this also is quite practical and has a lot of potential.
:'''Lamiya:''' When searching for victims after a disaster, or exploring collapsed ruins, small animals are far more agile than us, and if we could borrow their eyes...
:{{DIcon}} Then you can infiltrate places you aren't supposed to.
::'''Paimon:''' What do you mean, infiltrate places you aren't supposed to...? Lamiya was clearly talking about really good and noble uses!
::'''Lamiya:''' Hehe, exactly! Quite perceptive, {{Traveler}}, humans tend to be cautious around their own kind, but are quite relaxed around animals.
::'''Paimon:''' HEY! Don't actually use it for any weird stuff!
::'''Lamiya:''' A joke, a jest! Each time the tech is used, everything is recorded. If you use it for anything naughty, you'll immediately be caught and punished.
::'''Lamiya:''' But still, what do you think? Sounds like some pretty amazing research, doesn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Searching for things will be much easier.
::'''Lamiya:''' Exactly! For example, if you can borrow the vision of a Weasel Thief, you can explore ruins quite quickly.
::'''Lamiya:''' With the eyes of birds, you can look down from on high, and on a clear day with good visibility, it would be very easy to conduct topography or other forms of observation.
::'''Lamiya:''' Hehe, what do you think? Sounds like some pretty amazing research, doesn't it?
:'''Paimon:''' It actually does sound quite impressive.
:'''Lamiya:''' I was planning on taking my time, b&mdash;but those fools at Kshahrewar managed to see the promise in such research, and are planning to achieve similar results with tiny machines!
:'''Lamiya:''' It's b&mdash;blasphemy, I say! Corruption and evil! Compared to cute little animals, who wants cold machines!?
:'''Lamiya:''' Right, {{Traveler}} and Paimon!?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, uh...
:{{DIcon}} Of course animals are much cuter!
::'''Lamiya:''' I just knew you'd understand, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} I am from the "Beep, Construct, Beep" Darshan.
::'''Lamiya:''' ?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon has no idea what you're talking about!
:'''Lamiya:''' Anyway, the point is that if I can't produce results ASAP, those Kshahrewar dolts will certainly beat me to the punch! So grabbing passersby out here away from prying eyes is my only option.
:'''Lamiya:''' Hehe, when you think about it like that, there's nothing suspicious about it at all.
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds like it's pretty legit after all!
:{{DIcon}} "Not many chances to obtain rewards this easily"...
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, then count us in!
:'''Lamiya:''' Hehe, thank you, thank you so much!
:'''Lamiya:''' Anyway, take this first! It's a tool I invented, I call it the Inscribed Mirror. The mirror will show you what the animal connected to my device sees!
:'''Lamiya:''' Just use the images shown in the Inscribed Mirror to figure out where the animals with the devices attached are, then catch them to earn your reward!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? So if they're running around all over the place...
:'''Lamiya:''' It's fine, hehe, they're all trained, and will stay in the area! They won't go too far, so don't worry about that!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay! C'mon, {{Traveler}}, let's roll out!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Tell me, mirror mirror
|zhs       = 镜子镜子告诉我
|zhs_rm    = Jìngzi jìngzi gàosù wǒ
|zht       = 鏡子鏡子告訴我
|zht_rm    = Jìngzi jìngzi gàosù wǒ
|zh_tl     = Mirror, mirror, tell me
|ja        = 鏡よ鏡
|ja_rm     = Kagami yo Kagami
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 거울아 거울아, 보여다오
|ko_tl     = Mirror Mirror, Show Me
|es        = Espejito, espejito
|es_tl     = Little Mirror, Little Mirror
|fr        = Miroir, mon beau miroir
|fr_tl     = Mirror, My Beautiful Mirror
|fr_note   = Equivalent to "mirror, mirror on the wall."
|ru        = Свет мой, зеркальце, скажи
|ru_tl     = My light, mirror, tell me
|th        = กระจกเอ๋ย กระจกเอ๋ย จงบอกข้าที
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Kính Ơi Hãy Nói Với Ta
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Spieglein, Spieglein, in der Hand
|de_tl     = Mirror, mirror, in the hand
|id        = Wahai Cermin, Beritahu Aku
|id_tl     = O Mirror, Tell Me
|pt        = Espelho, Espelho Meu
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Ayna Ayna Söyle Bana
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Dimmi, o specchio...
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[ja:鏡よ鏡]]
[[pt-br:Espelho, Espelho Meu]]
[[ru:Свет мой, зеркальце, скажи]]