{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest Temaria Game.png
|type          = World
|summary       = 
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|requirement   = Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|characters    = Kid Kujirai; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Byakko Plain]], [[Inazuma]]
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 20
}}

'''Temaria Game''' is a [[World Quest]] initiated by talking to [[Kid Kujirai]] in [[Byakko Plain]], [[Inazuma]] after completing [[Ritou Escape Plan]].

==Steps==
#Talk to Kid Kujirai
#Find the [[Temari]]
#Talk to Kid Kujirai

==Notes==
*Completing '''Temaria Game''' will allow the Traveler to participate in [[Temari|Kujirai's Temari Game]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Kid Kujirai]] has something to share...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Hi big (sis/bro)! I have some good stuff here...
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, but I'll pass.
:'''Paimon:''' How pitiful, being forced to do shady business at such a young age.
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' It's not what you're thinking! I wanted to ask if you wanted to play a game of Temari with me.
:'''Paimon:''' Temari?
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' It's simple. I will hide the Temari somewhere nearby. If big (sis/bro) can find it within the time of a Temari song, you win.
:{{DIcon}} Is that how Temari is played?
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Huh? An awesome [[Alice|Big Sister adventurer]] taught me. And she said...
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' "Kujirai, remember. You must say, 'If you win, you'll get the good stuff.'"
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' So, big (sis/bro), if you win, you'll get the good stuff.
:'''Paimon:''' Good stuff! (Traveler), Paimon thinks it's only right to play with children!
:{{DIcon}} But I still think Temari isn't played like this...
::'''Paimon:''' It may be a gameplay that only local people know, let's not care about such details.
::'''Paimon:''' You're Kid Kujirai, right? We'll play with you!
:{{DIcon}} Alright then.
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Yay!
----
;(After failing to find the Temari)
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Eh, is it too hard for you...
:'''Paimon:''' That's because Paimon was just warming up!
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Big (sis/bro), do you want to try again?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! (Traveler), we need to show Kid Kujirai how good we are!
:{{DIcon}} One more try!
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Woohoo! The goal is to find the Temari within the time limit!
----
;(When finding the Temari)
:'''Paimon:''' That beautiful ball is the temari that Kid Kujirai got us to look for, isn't it?

;(After finding the Temari)
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Big (sis/bro) is amazing, you found it the right way!
:'''Paimon:''' Hoho, (Traveler) is a seasoned traveler who has been to many nations.
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Wow! Have you also been to [[Mondstadt]]?
:{{DIcon}} Certainly have.
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' That's so cool! I heard from that Big Sister that there are many beautiful places in Mondstadt, like Stormterror's Ruins with super-duper tall towers...
:{{DIcon}} It's [[Stormterror's Lair]].
:{{DIcon}} Is that so?
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Yup! I wonder if that tower is taller, or if the [[Raiden Shogun|Almighty Shogun]]'s [[Tenshukaku]] is taller...
:'''Paimon:''' Kid Kujirai, why are you out alone in the wild?
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Because when [[Kujirai Momiji|my sister]] was fishing, she thought I would scare the fish away, so she let me go out to play.
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Once, I met that Big Sister who was an adventurer. She saw that I was bored, so she gave me a lot of Temari, and told me to "find greedy travelers to play with."
:{{DIcon}} Greedy travelers...
:'''Paimon:''' We're not greedy! We're worried! Paimon's worried that you might be bored playing by yourself!
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' That's right, I think big (sis/bro) is really nice, I'm so happy.
:{{DIcon}} Alone in the wilderness...
:'''Paimon:''' You're a kid alone in the wild, aren't you afraid of running into danger? And you even have "good stuff" on you.
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' You're really kind, big (sis/bro). Don't worry, that Big Sister adventurer taught me. As long as I do something to it, the Temari can turn into a bomb.
:'''Paimon:''' Eek, that's so dangerous!
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' It's not! I've blasted away a lot of bad guys, like hilichurls and slimes!
:'''Paimon:''' You're the dangerous one!
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Oh yes, big (sis/bro), if you want to play a game of Temari with other friends...
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' I'll leave a Temari here! Here are the rules...
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' When you hide a Temari, you have to hide it within the time of a Temari song. The person who is for looking for it will also find it within a song's time. That will make things fair!
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:'''Paimon:''' It's so scary to think that we're actually playing with bombs...
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' Don't be scared, big (sis/bro). Big Sister adventurer told me "Only the bad guys will be bombed. Probably."
:'''Paimon:''' "Probably!?"
:'''Kid Kujirai:''' I'm off to play somewhere else! Bye-bye, big (sis/bro)!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/RuSvyP3owWk
|caption1 = Full Quest Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Temaria Game
|zhs     = 「手鞠游戏」
|zhs_rm  = "Shǒujū Yóuxì"
|zht     = 「手鞠遊戲」
|zht_rm  = "Shǒujū Yóuxì"
|zh_tl   = "Temari Game"
|ja      = 「手まり遊び」
|ja_rm   = Temari Asobi
|ja_tl   = "Temari Playing"
|ko      = 「테마리 놀이」
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El juego de las temari
|es_tl   = The Temari Game
|fr      = Le jeu de Temari
|fr_tl   = The Temari Game
|ru      = Игра тэмари
|ru_tl   = The Temari Game
|th      = "Temari Game"
|vi      = Trò Chơi Temari
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Temari-Spiel
|de_tl   = Temari Game
|id      = Permainan Temari
|id_tl   = Temari Game
|pt      = Jogo Temari
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}