{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Kuki Shinobu
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Gang's Daily Deeds
|startLocation = [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Gang Bylaws
|characters    = Akira; Kaito; Kuki Shinobu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Temporary Escape''''' is a quest in [[Kuki Shinobu]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Gang's Daily Deeds]].

==Steps==
# Check on Kuki Shinobu
# Go back to where Akira is hidden
# Follow Akira's footprints
# Follow the flyers to find Akira
#Talk to the Kairagi
# Defeat all opponents
#*Wave 1: {{Enemy|Kairagi: Fiery Might|x=1}}, {{Enemy|Nobushi: Kikouban|x=2}}
#*Wave 2: {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|x=1}}, {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire|x=1}}
#*Kuki Shinobu will join the fight as a trial character.
#Talk to Kuki Shinobu

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 8

|character_name          = Kuki Shinobu
|weapon_name             = Favonius Sword

|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 28,607
|atk8                    = 1,485
|def8                    = 879
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 193.5%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
===Temporary Escape===
{{Quest Description|With your aid, Akira has made his escape for now, but can he really get away with this?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kuki Shinobu)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Did you find anything, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Nope...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' That's too bad. My search didn't turn anything up, either.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I just spoke to a [[Doushin]]. Apparently, the [[Kairagi]] are smuggling some supplies, and they've hidden them in this area.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' They could come back at any moment to collect them. I just hope Akira doesn't run into them.
:{{DIcon}} These smuggled supplies...
:{{DIcon}} What do they look like?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm told they're stored in a few wooden boxes...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' What's wrong? You have this really weird look on your face right now.
:{{DIcon}} That's where Akira is!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Wait, what? Never mind, let's go!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Overly Obvious Clues===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914802 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Is this the place, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah...
:{{DIcon}} But...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914802 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' No boxes, and a whole bunch of footprints... We got here just too late.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914802 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' They can't have been gone for long, and with the supplies weighing them down, they couldn't have gotten far. Let's follow the footprints!
----
;(After leaving the beach)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914803 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm... Beyond this point there are weeds everywhere, and the footprints are hard to make out...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914803 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Wait. Is that... one of the flyers they made?

;(Observe a flyer on the stones)
:'''Arataki Gang Flyer:''' (The contents of this flyer has been stomped on by at least several pairs of feet...)

;(Upon reaching the location)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914804 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' There they are!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Gang Bylaws, Article 3===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 01.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' You little brat! Where are the supplies? What did you do with them?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Um, I think they probably ended up... in the sea?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 02.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' You idiot! You've ruined everything... Ugh, and you've stuck these hideous flyers all over the box!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 03.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' What do you take us for, huh?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Nothing! I mean, I didn't mean anything...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 04.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' Our deal can't go ahead now... You are going to pay for this!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Ah! W&mdash;Wait, you'd better not mess with me! I'm, I'm from the Arataki Gang!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 05.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' ...Come again?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' The Arataki Gang!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 06.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' Never heard of it!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 05.ogg}} '''Akira:''' You don't wanna get on the wrong side of my boss! Even the general of the Shogun's Army doesn't dare to challenge him!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 06.ogg}} '''Akira:''' And Shinobu, too! She's got connections all over Inazuma and Liyue! And... and...
:{{DIcon}} And me.
:{{DIcon}} And (Traveler).
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 07.ogg}} '''Akira:''' You're here, (Traveler)! And Shinobu!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 07.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' Hmph, so you're this Shinobu he's talking about, huh? Well, I don't know if I believe a word this little brat says...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 08.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' So tell me this &mdash; if you're really such a bigshot, why do you hang out with this nobody?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' In the Arataki Gang... nobody's a nobody.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Listen and learn. Gang Bylaws, Article 3: When one of us is in trouble, all of us come to their aid.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 08.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Bylaws...? Do we even have those?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' We do now.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 kaito 09.ogg}} '''Kaito:''' Hmph, you asked for it!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914805 akira 09.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Shinobu, watch out!

;(After defeating Kairagi)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914806 skirmisher 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Hehe, hand over the supplies!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914806 skirmisher 02.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Hmm? What the... Who are you!?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914806 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Akira, what have you gotten us into?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914806 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I&mdash;I didn't know they were gonna give them to the Fatui!
----
;(After defeating Fatui)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' *panting*... I thought I was a goner for sure...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' So these Kairagi were just pawns of the Fatui. Didn't see that coming.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If we pass this information to the Tenryou Commission, it might go a long way towards making up for our past crimes.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Huh? Shinobu, you mean...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I did something good this time?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmph... In terms of the result, yes.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Phew, that was a close call...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' However...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' In terms of the process &mdash; you're a member of the Arataki Gang and you're out of breath just from fighting a handful of Kairagi and Fatui...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Making up for our past crimes is one thing. But you really need some more hands-on training...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914807 akira 05.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Sh&mdash;Shinobu? Shinobu, no... (Traveler)! Help!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Doom Arrives Just the Same===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Doom Arrives Just the Same
|character       = Kuki Shinobu
|act             = 1
|description     = "I'm honestly more afraid of Shinobu when she's mad than Kairagi or the Fatui..."
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Temporary Escape
|zhs     = 暂避一时
|zhs_rm  = Zàn Bì Yī Shí
|zht     = 暫避一時
|zht_rm  = Zàn Bì Yī Shí
|zh_tl   = Momentary Escape
|ja      = しばらく隠れよう
|ja_rm   = Shibaraku Kakureyou
|ja_tl   = Let's Hide for a Moment
|ko      = 잠시 회피
|ko_rm   = Jamsi Hoepi
|ko_tl   = Temporary Escape
|es      = Respiro temporal
|es_tl   = Temporary Respite
|fr      = Échappée temporaire
|fr_tl   = Temporary Escape
|ru      = Временное бегство
|ru_tl   = Temporary Escape
|th      = หลบเลี่ยงชั่วคราว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tạm Thời Lánh Mặt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine Atempause
|de_tl   = A Breathing Pause
|id      = Kabur Sejenak
|id_tl   = Running Away For a Moment
|pt      = Dando um Tempo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Geçici Kaçış
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fuga effimera
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}