{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 25020
|type          = Commission
|image         = <!--Commission {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png-->
|startLocation = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|rewards       = 
|next          = Tending to a Tepetlisaurus: In Need of a Trim
|next2         = Tending to a Tepetlisaurus: In Search of a Recipe
|otherRewards  = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Cazcal; Hora; Traveler
|npc           = Cazcal
}}
'''''Tending to a Tepetlisaurus''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Cazcal]]
# Search inside the box
# Obtain the Embercore Stems
# Put the Driftyball in the center of the pool
# Watch [[Hora]]'s reaction
# Watch Hora's reaction

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While visiting the [[Children of Echoes]], you meet a very, very busy man...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Cazcal and Hora)
:'''Cazcal:''' Hora! Be a good boy now, and stay still! I'm just going to give you a quick wipe-down...
:'''Hora:''' *whimper* Roar...
:'''Cazcal:''' Come on, little one! Why don't we go take a bath?
:'''Cazcal:''' Look, there's a pool just over there. Once we've got you cleaned up, we can come right back and keep playing!
:'''Hora:''' Wroo, rrooh!
:'''Cazcal:''' Hey, wait! No, don't run off!
:{{DIcon}} D&mdash;Did something just shoot by?
:{{DIcon}} Whoa! Almost knocked me right off my feet!
:'''Cazcal:''' Have you come to visit our tribe? I'm so sorry about Hora. He's been a bit too energetic lately, dashing all over the place. He didn't frighten you, did he?
:{{DIcon}} Were you trying to coax him into taking a bath just now?
:'''Cazcal:''' Coax him? *sigh* More like "beg" him. It's been raining a lot the past few days, so he's been getting covered in mud whenever he goes out to play...
:'''Cazcal:''' I'm trying to get him cleaned up, but all he wants to do is to run around all day and play!
:'''Cazcal:''' But as an ordinary person, I just can't keep up with him...
:{{DIcon}} Have you tried luring him over with some food?
:'''Cazcal:''' Yes, I've tried that already. But it's as if he knows exactly what I'm trying to do. He'll feign disinterest so long as he sees me standing nearby.
:'''Cazcal:''' Then if I so much as glance away, he'll burrow his way over, eat it all in one go, then drill back down, making good his escape...
:{{DIcon}} It's almost as if he's a [[Tepetlisaurus]]...
:'''Cazcal:''' Exactly! I can't even imagine what kind of trouble he'll cause when he's full-grown...
:'''Cazcal:''' I just hope he doesn't end up wrecking [[Cheven]]'s store... There's no way I'll be able to reimburse her if he smashes up those gemstones.
:'''Cazcal:''' *sigh* I guess I'll just have to give [[Batz]]'s idea from back then a try. But will a Tepetlisaurus really be interested in this ball...?
:{{DIcon}} Who's Batz?
:'''Cazcal:''' Oh, he's the one in the tribe who's in charge of looking after Tepetlisaurs. He's a smart fellow, and a bit of an expert when it comes to music too. Everyone likes him, human and [[Saurian]] alike.
:'''Cazcal:''' When I talked to him about it way back when, he whipped out a blueprint for making something called a "Driftyball" on the spot.
:'''Cazcal:''' He got this thing from [[Mataoho]], and the little Saurians seem to love it. He suggested I try making one for Hora.
:'''Cazcal:''' Just when I'd finished gathering up the materials and was all ready to get started, Hora starts playing up again. If he was wearing pants, I'd say they were full of ants!
:'''Cazcal:''' Looks like this Driftyball idea is all I've got...
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything I can help with?
:{{DIcon}} Let me know if you need a hand.
:'''Cazcal:''' You'd be willing to help me out? That's amazing! Good thing I bumped into someone as nice as you.
:'''Cazcal:''' Could you go to the box over there and grab some Embercore Stems for me? I'll stay here and get started on the Driftyball's frame.

;(Talk to Cazcal again, optional)
:'''Cazcal:''' Uh... So we tie this bit here, then that bit there... Ehh? Is that how you're meant to do this...?

;(Talk to Hora, optional)<!--same while indwelling-->
:'''Hora:''' Wroo! Rrooh!
----
;(Search the boxes)<!--{{DIcon}} Search the Boxes...-->
:{{Black Screen|You rummage through the box and find yourself a bundle of Embercore Stems...}}

;(Talk to Cazcal)
:'''Cazcal:''' That's the one, thanks! I'll just... Ouch!
:'''Cazcal:''' Apologies, I... I accidentally cut my finger while I was tying the frame just now.
:'''Cazcal:''' I knew I'd have trouble with fiddly work like this...
:'''Cazcal:''' Just give me a moment to tie the stems of these flowers onto the frame, then cover it with a layer of cloth...
:{{Black Screen|Cazcal continues struggling away with the Driftyball, finally managing to complete it after cutting his hand three more times...}}
:'''Cazcal:''' Finished! Let's go find Hora. I bet he's digging away underneath that tree again.
:{{DIcon}} You'd better bandage up your hand first.
:'''Cazcal:''' Oh, don't worry about that, 'tis but a scratch. I'll find a rag to wrap it up with later.
:'''Cazcal:''' Let's go find Hora first before he gets too carried away.

;(Talk to Cazcal again, optional)
:'''Cazcal:''' He's just over there &mdash; right by a pool, as it happens. If we can lure him in, we can give him a good washdown too...
:'''Cazcal:''' He'll notice me if I go over there, so you'll have to go alone. Just make sure you put the Driftyball in the center of the pool. I'm counting on you!
:'''Cazcal:''' Please, help me put the Driftyball in the center of the pool. *sigh* I can only hope Hora likes it...
----
;(Place the ball in the pool)
:{{Black Screen|You put the Driftyball in the pool.}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Hora:''' Hroo? Rrroooh...?
:;(Cazcal points at the ball)
:;(Hora enters the pool and hops around in front of the ball)
:'''Hora:''' Hroo!? Rrroo, rroo...
:'''Hora:''' Wroo, rrooh!
:{{Black Screen|With a joyful look, Hora grabs the Driftyball before rolling around in the pool. The water splashes everywhere, washing all the mud on his body off...}}
:'''Cazcal:''' Hahaha, seems the little rascal likes the ball. Who'd have thought he'd start playing with it in the pool right away...
:'''Cazcal:''' Let's head over now. I guess that counts as a good wash.
:'''Hora:''' Roar...? Roar!
:'''Cazcal:''' Like that, huh, kiddo? It's yours.
:'''Hora:''' Orrooo, orrooo!
:'''Cazcal:''' Getting you to take a bath sure wasn't easy... Haha, but at least now I know how to deal with you.
:'''Hora:''' Hroo... Grooo...
:'''Cazcal:''' Why are you touching my hand...? Oh, these are just a few little scratches, don't worry about it.
:'''Hora:''' *whimper*... Wroo, rrooh...
:'''Cazcal:''' Why so glum all of a sudden, kiddo? You were having a great time just now! Surely you haven't worn yourself out with all this playing?
:'''Cazcal:''' Oh, and many thanks for your help, friend. These are for you, as a reward. There's nothing particularly valuable inside, so please, just take them.
:'''Hora:''' Roar! Roarrr! Roar&mdash;
:'''Cazcal:''' No, Hora, wait! Not back to the pool, I just dried you off!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Tending to a Tepetlisaurus
|zhs      = 洗理嵴锋
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 梳洗嵴鋒
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = テペトル竜サロン
|ja_rm    = Tepetoru-ryuu Saron
|ja_tl    = Tepetlisaurus Salon
|ko       = 산룡 돌보기
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Tepetlimpieza
|es_tl    = Tepetcleanliness
|fr       = Aux soins d'un tepetlisaure
|fr_tl    = Care of a Tepetlisaurus
|ru       = Уход за тепетлизавром
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ดูแล Tepetlisaur
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Chăm Sóc Tepetlisaur
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Die Pflege eines Tepetlisauriers
|de_tl    = The Care of a Tepetlisaurus
|id       = Mengasuh Tepetlisaurus
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Cuidando de um Tepetlissauro
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Tepetlizor Bakımı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Come accudire un Tepetlisauro
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}

[[vi:Chăm Sóc Tepetlisaur]]