{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Tenoch.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Perished during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago
|element          = <!-- None shown or mentioned yet -->
|region           = Natlan
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Tenoch''' was a historical figure in [[Natlan]]. He was a battle-hardened warrior who brought together [[Heroes of Natlan|six warriors]] from each of the six tribes of Natlan - of which he belonged to none - in order to unite in a war against the Abyss.<ref name="TS">{{Ref/Weapon|Talking Stick}}</ref> He makes his first appearance in a flashback in the {{Quest|Past and Future}}.

==Profile==
Tenoch was a warrior-hero from Natlan who did not to belong to any of [[Natlan/Culture#Tribes_of_Natlan|the six tribes]], as it is said that he was exiled prior to the events of the [[cataclysm]] out of necessity. Although he didn't belong to any tribe, members of other tribes and Tenoch's former friends had much respect for him. Tenoch also had many enemies, one of whom was a giant named [[Tupac]], with whom he exchanged many injuries and scars, but would later go on to reconcile and fight side-by-side with.

Tenoch wielded a colossal obsidian-inlaid club known as the [[Talking Stick]], which is named as such because it is implied that he used it to "mediate" discussions and disputes. With his club, Tenoch journeyed across Natlan, recruiting six warriors to fight with him against the [[Abyss]].

Tenoch perished alongside [[Sanhaj]] in a battle against the abyss that created the [[Mare Jivari]]. He was unable to be brought back to life by the [[Ode of Resurrection]] because he had already lost his {{Ancient Name|bearer=1}} [[Ancient Name]] beforehand.

===Appearance===
Tenoch had gray hair, a goatee and wore a hat with wide-rimmed eyewear adorning it. He wore blue clothes, consisting of a short-cut shirt and baggy pants fastened with a belt, with a dagger in its sheath present on his left side, and completed the ensemble with blue shoes and a large grey necklace that dangles over his chest. Tenoch's chest is tattooed. He is described as having many scars on his body, as well as an injured eye.<ref name="TS" />

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
===~>500 years ago===
In his younger years, Tenoch fought [[Tupac]] when Tupac crossed the seas and met him, with their pride and [[Ash-Graven Drinking Horn|Tupac's drinking horn]] on the line.<ref name="TS" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Ash-Graven Drinking Horn}}</ref>

At some point in time, [[Sundjatta]], chief of the [[Children of Echoes]], petitioned the Pyro Archon at the time to expel Tenoch from the tribes due to his battle-manic nature. While the punishment was made out of necessity, Tenoch ultimately believed it was what he deserved, and accepted it without complaint.<ref name="EoL">{{Ref/Quest|Echoes of Life}}</ref>

Sometime later, Tenoch encountered Pyro Archon [[Mavuika]], who explained her plan to save Natlan from the Abyss, to which he agreed, though not without informing her he would find some way to collect the debt if she could not deliver on her promise of victory.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Past and Future}}</ref> 

At another time, Tenoch stood amongst the burning plains of Natlan and witnessed a darkness growing on the horizon. Suspecting an immediate danger, he blew his bronze horn but to no reply. He lamented that the tribal leaders were too absorbed in their squabbles to recognize the danger and set out on a mission to recruit allies in order to do battle against the growing darkness. 

First, Tenoch met with a former traveling partner, [[Wanjiru]] from the [[Collective of Plenty]], known as "the great runner," and her raucous Tatankasaurus companion Kayeke. Wanjiru, scarred from her previous adventures with Tenoch, was worn out from the tribes' endless bickering, but she became enthusiastic upon hearing Tenoch's proposal, knowing a battle was imminent. 

Tenoch then encountered a brave man from the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] by the name of [[Menilek]] and his faithful Qucusaurus companion [[Holawaqa Ngoubou]], who welcomed Tenoch with open arms as a brother and revered hero, despite Tenoch and the tribes' checkered history. 

This meeting was followed by one with [[Sanhaj|Sanhaj Kompore]], a [[Mictlan]] man known for being cunning, and his enigmatic Iktomisaurus companion Mahamba. Tenoch had used his club against Sanhaj in the past and his recruitment may not have been entirely voluntary, though Tenoch did preemptively offer him the rewards of their fellowship should Sanhaj agree to join. Sanhaj, who had seen the future result of the upcoming battle, as well as their heroic deaths and the creation of the [[Mare Jivari]], ultimately agreed in the hopes that he would be seen as a hero in future stories.

The fourth warrior to join Tenoch was a young and inexperienced [[Huitztlan]] man named [[Burkina]] and his reckless Yumkasaurus companion [[Kongamato]]. Burkina looked up to Tenoch, though he had no battle experience of his own. Knowing he might one day walk the same path of a warrior as Tenoch, and guided by Tenoch's club and legacy, Burkina voluntarily joined the group of warriors.

Despite the bitter history between the two, [[Sundjatta]] of the [[Children of Echoes]] was the fifth person to be persuaded by Tenoch, and was joined by his steady Tepetlisaurus companion Muhuru. Sundjatta told Tenoch he had petitioned to expel him from the tribes because he wished for stability and a cease to conflict. He agreed to go with Tenoch as he imagined it would be the last battle of their generation, but on the condition that his tribe be left out of any ensuing conflict.

The final member to join the fellowship was Tenoch's old rival, [[Tupac]], a warrior from the [[People of the Springs]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into Eternal Night}}</ref> and whom he had previously engaged in many battles against. Tupac was far too large for a Koholosaurus to support him, hence he joined without a Saurian companion by his side. Upon Tenoch's arrival at Tupac's home, the two remarked on how they had left each other with many injuries. They both then began laughing hysterically before joining forces.

Having recruited allies from each of the six major tribes, Tenoch and his comrades then clashed with a massive Abyssal tide in the [[Mare Jivari]]. In that battle, Sanhaj and Tenoch sacrificed themselves to empower a powerful border spell that created a miniature version of the Night Kingdom, which destroyed the horde and devastated the island, reducing it to a desolate, ash-choked waste. As he had already lost his Ancient Name, he was not eligible to be resurrected by the Ode of Resurrection.<ref name="EoL"/><ref name="TS" />

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{w|Tenoch}} was a legendary chief and patriarch of pre-Columbian Mexican and Aztec history. He is also the namesake of the Aztec Empire's capital, {{w|Tenochtitlan}}, and their people, Mexica or Tenochca.
** Though the name Tenoch is of Aztec origin, the names of some other characters featured in his story are of various African origins.
* The symbols used in Tenoch's Nahuatl name could possibly be translated to "Prickly pear fruit."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Tenoch
|zhs     = 特诺切
|zhs_rm  = Tènuòqiè
|zht     = 特諾切
|zht_rm  = Tènuòqiè
|ja      = テノッチ
|ja_rm   = Tenocchi
|ko      = 테노치
|es      = Ténoch
|fr      = Tenoch
|ru      = Теноч
|th      = Tenoch
|vi      = Tenoch
|de      = Tenoch
|id      = Tenoch
|pt      = Tenoch
|tr      = Tenoch
|it      = Tenoch
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[th:Tenoch]]