{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15012
|image         = Story Quest Tepetli Dissonance.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = A Prayer for Blessings, Told to Crested Peaks
|act           = 
|actNum        = I
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Cheven; Coztic; Imix; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|,}} [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|prev          = 
|next          = Hoarse Echoes
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Mora*17,050;Adventurer's Experience*8;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|rep           = "Children of Echoes"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 100
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Tepetli Dissonance''''' is the first act of {{Quest|A Prayer for Blessings, Told to Crested Peaks}}.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by approaching [[Imix]] in [["Children of Echoes"]].
# Ask about Imix's situation
# Go rescue Cheven
# Save Cheven{{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman;Treasure Hoarders: Pugilist;Treasure Hoarders: Handyman}}
# Talk to Cheven

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Imix from Muhuru's Gemporium seems to have run into some major difficulties...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Imix)
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 01.ogg}} '''Imix:''' Sh&mdash;She's not back yet... I hope nothing bad happened to Master Cheven...
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, that little kid is crying. Wonder what happened...
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go check what's wrong.
:{{DIcon}} Hello. Is something the matter?
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 02.ogg}} '''Imix:''' *sobs* M&mdash;Master Cheven, she...
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 03.ogg}} '''Imix:''' Sh&mdash;She went to gather Volcanic Crystals... But, she's still not back yet.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 04.ogg}} '''Imix:''' I told the guards, but they said that they don't have people to spare. Plus, that area's super dangerous, with tons of monsters and bad guys...
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 05.ogg}} '''Imix:''' They have to finish making preparations before they can try to rescue her... But, it'll be too late by then!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, we'll look for her!
:{{DIcon}} Guess it's time for more heroics.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 06.ogg}} '''Imix:''' So, you'll help? Great! I'll just make a quick sketch to show you where the guards went earlier.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 07.ogg}} '''Imix:''' They said Master Cheven might have stopped around here.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 1 imix 08.ogg}} '''Imix:''' She might have been forced to go near the Shadow Pin. If that's the case... Then... *sniffles*
:{{A|vo dialog xnnlq001 imix 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dialog xnnlq001 imix 01b.ogg}}--> '''Imix:''' Please! You have to save her!

;(Talk to Imix again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xnnlq001 imix 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dialog xnnlq001 imix 02b.ogg}}--> '''Imix:''' Please help me save Master Cheven!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Cheven, from Muhuru's Gemporium, went out alone to collect ores. Now she seems to be in danger, and at Imix's request, you decide to go save her...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to the map, we should be getting close.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's search the area. Stay on your toes, though, {{Traveler}}.

;(Approach the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 2 cheven 01.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' ...Get away from me!
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look over there! Is that Master Cheven?

;(Defeat the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 3 impatientthieves 01.ogg}} '''Coztic:''' Where did you come from!? S&mdash;So strong...
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 3 impatientthieves 02.ogg}} '''Coztic:''' Let's get out of here, boys! Run! Leave the stuff if you wanna live! Drop all of it!

:{{Color|menu|You beat back the perfidious bandits that surrounded Cheven...}}

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, they didn't put up much of a fight...
:{{DIcon}} Guess they knew what they were up against.
:{{DIcon}} Our reputation has its perks...
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 01.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Phew... Thank you so much... I thought I wasn't gonna make it down this mountain alive.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 02.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Saved by {{Traveler}}... Guess my luck's not too bad today.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 03.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Ah, sorry, let me introduce myself. I'm Cheven, a gem artisan. I'm not usually this lucky, but maybe things are looking up.
:{{DIcon}} Imix sent us to help.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 04.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' She did, huh... *sigh* I didn't mean to make her worry. I wasn't planning to be gone longer than two days tops.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 05.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' But, then, I discovered a new seam of Volcanic Crystal near the Shadow Pin... It's a large deposit, and the purity is exceptional.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 06.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' I dug up a whole bunch of it and was getting ready to head back, but the phlogiston within the crystals attracted monsters...
;(If the player has completed [[Beneath the Crystal Rock]])
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 07.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Anyway... I'm sure you've seen the state this place is in. It's all because the Shadow Pin suddenly came crashing to the ground and left behind a massive crater.
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 08.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' The seam I found was closer to the outside, so it survived the disaster. Still, the crash riled up the monsters in the area, and now they're everywhere.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 09.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' I panicked, and ran up a narrow path to avoid them... But, by the time I was in the clear, I ended up running into those bandits... You showed up in the nick of time.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the situation was so dangerous, why didn't you just drop the crystals and run?
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 10.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' I left most of them behind, believe me. I only kept the purest chunk &mdash; I have to bring it back, no matter what.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 11.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' ...For [[Tlazolli]], and poor little [[Nechca]].
:{{DIcon}} Who are they?
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 12.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Ah, right, you wouldn't know. Tlazolli is a former Ancient Name artisan, and Nechca is her daughter.
:{{DIcon}} So... She crafts Ancient Names?
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 13a 1.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' That's right... Or, well, she used to. Now, she just handles regular forging commissions.
::{{DIcon}} Why did she stop?
:{{DIcon}} [[Xilonen]]'s in that line of business too. <small>''(If the player has completed ''[[Past and Future]]'')''</small>
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 13b 1.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Oh, you know Xilonen? Haha, try mentioning that name in front of Tlazolli. She could sing Xilonen's praises forever.
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 13b 2.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' "The foremost expert in Ancient Names" "the future of our tribe," "the finest artisan in Natlan"... You'll never hear the end of it.
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 13b 3.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' I know Tlazolli misses the days when she used to forge Ancient Names. She'd never say as much... but I can tell.
::{{DIcon}} Why did she stop?
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 14.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' ...Because of her daughter. Poor Nechca contracted an awful illness and Tlazolli put everything aside to take care of her.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 15.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Even as Nechca's illness grew worse, Tlazolli never gave up. Like a torch in the night, she was determined to burn bright, even as darkness encroached from all directions...
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 16.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Still, all's well that ends well! Thanks to the doctor's medicine and the Great Spirit's protection, Nechca's flame was rekindled!
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 17.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Her condition has been slowly improving ever since. She's still weak, of course, and has to recuperate at home... but she's well enough to write letters already.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 18.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' She often writes to Xilonen, apparently. Her dream is to become an Ancient Names forger, just like her mother.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 19.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Her birthday's in a few days, so Tlazolli asked me to find a pure Volcanic Crystal to give her as a present.
:{{DIcon}} So that's why you were out here.
:{{DIcon}} No wonder you wouldn't leave the crystal behind.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, talk about an important chunk of ore! What a nice gift! Paimon hopes it helps her feel better!
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 20.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' I'm sure she and her mother appreciate your well wishes.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 21.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Alright, let's head back. I'm sure Imix is worried sick.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 22.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Actually, why don't you come with me to visit Tlazolli tomorrow?
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 23.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' It's all thanks to you that I managed to bring back the crystal.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 24.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' You deserve a reward for helping us protect something so significant.
:{{DIcon}} I just hope it makes Nechca happy.
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 04a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right. A good mood makes for a quick recovery!
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 04a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And of course, we, uh... wouldn't say no to a little gift...
:{{DIcon}} Is it an Ancient Name? <small>''(If the player has completed ''[[Past and Future]]'')''</small>
:;(If the player has not completed [[When All Becomes a Monument]])
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, the Pyro Archon said she contacted Xilonen about that already. Let's not complicate things!
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 04b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We don't need anything fancy like that. A normal gift is more than enough.
:;(If the player has completed When All Becomes a Monument)
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 04b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You basically have an Ancient Name, and it's useless to have more than one.
::{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 paimon 04b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We don't need anything fancy like that. A {{Sic|normal}} <!-- missing "gift" --> is more than enough, hehe.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 25.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Haha, don't worry. Something tells me you'll like this one.
:{{A|vo xnnlq001 4 cheven 26.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' But, I'll let Tlazolli tell you what it is herself.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Tepetli Dissonance
|zhs      = 嵴锋的异响
|zhs_rm   = Jífēng de Yìxiǎng
|zht      = 嵴鋒的異響
|zht_rm   = Jǐfēng de Yìxiǎng
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = テペトルの不協和音
|ja_rm    = Tepetoru no Fukyouwaon
|ja_tl    = Tepetli Dissonance
|ko       = 산<->의 잡음
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La disonancia de Tepetli
|es_tl    = Tepetli's Dissonance
|fr       = Dissonance tepetli
|fr_tl    = Tepetli Dissonance
|ru       = Диссонанс Тепетли
|ru_tl    = Tepetli Dissonance
|th       = เสียงผิดปกติของ Tepetli
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tiếng Vang Lạ Của Tepetli
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wirre Tepetli-Geräusche
|de_tl    = Confused Tepetli Sounds
|id       = Disonansi Tepetli
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Dissonância Tepetli
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Tepetlilerle Anlaşmazlık
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Dissonanza di Tepetli
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}