{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Yougou Tengu
|affiliation2     = Tengu
|mother           = Reizenbou
}}
{{Lang|'''Teruyo'''|ja=光代|ja_rm=Teruyo}} was a [[Tengu]] of [[Mt. Yougou]] who lived around the time of the [[cataclysm]] five hundred years ago. She was close with [[Iwakura Doukei]], whose "Iwakura" name she bestowed on him to distance him from the [[Mikoshi Clan]].<ref name="ESF">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Emblem of Severed Fate}}</ref>

==Story==
Teruyo was born to the Great Tengu [[Reizenbou]] some time before the cataclysm and was raised in Mt. Yougou.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Storm Cage}}</ref> After the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] disappeared and died during the cataclysm, Reizenbou, who had been serving as the Kitsune Saiguu's protector, went into self-exile out of shame and rage. Teruyo remained on [[Narukami Island]].<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}</ref>

Around the same time of the Kitsune Saiguu's disappearance, the oni maiden [[Chiyo]] was corrupted by an abyssal beast and turned her blade against the [[Raiden Shogun]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Mask of the Kijin}}</ref> This stained the reputation of her family, the [[Mikoshi Clan]], and caused her eldest son Mikoshi Doukei to abandon his clan and go into self-exile around [[Konda Village]]. An unknown amount of time later, Teruyo met him there and learned his story. She bestowed him with the name "Iwakura Doukei," and challenged him to become a worthy opponent to her.

Thirteen years after Teruyo first met Doukei, he finally managed to best her in their duel by grazing her wing. As promised, she granted him the title of "Tengu Victor," but afterwards announced that she had to stay true to her duties to the tengu and bid farewell to him forever, asking him to forget about her.<ref name="ESF" />

==Trivia==
* In the description for [[Emblem of Severed Fate]]'s Sundered Feather artifact, Teruyo tells Doukei ''"Thinking back, I changed your name in hopes that you might escape from the curse of the oni bloodline."'' In Magnificent Tsuba's description, Teruyo explains the name {{Lang|"Iwakura"|ja=岩蔵}} to mean {{Lang|"seat of rock"|ja=磐座}}. The {{Lang|mini=1|ja=座}} character is also used, both in real life and in ''Genshin'', to denote a constellation's name.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Teruyo
|zhs     = 光代
|zhs_rm  = Guāngdài
|zht     = 光代
|zht_rm  = Guāngdài
|ja      = 光代
|ja_rm   = Teruyo
|ko      = 미츠요
|ko_rm   = Micheuyo
|ko_note = Likely derived from ''Mitsuyo'', an alternate reading for the Japanese name.
|es      = Teruyo
|fr      = Teruyo
|ru      = Мицуё<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Sundered Feather|note=Russian}}</ref>/Какута<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Shaft of Remembrance|note=Russian}}</ref>
|th      = Teruyo
|vi      = Teruyo
|de      = Teruyo
|id      = Teruyo
|pt      = Teruyo
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}