{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19030
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Chongyun
|actNum        = I
|act           = Signs of Evil
|description   = The young thaumaturge [[Chongyun]] has obtained a great amount of (rather unreliable-sounding) information concerning evil spirits, but you decide not to expose this fact out of courtesy. The way Chongyun sees it, the most likely spot for evil spirits to show up is [[Wuwang Hill]], where a Test of Courage is currently taking place. The test requires two people to go in together, so you accept his invitation and accompany him there...
|next          = The Bottom of Things
|next2         = Sudden Discomfort
|next3         = Killjoy
|prev          = Hard to Track
|startLocation = [[Wuwang Hill]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Chan'er; Chongyun; Dandan; Junjun; Lu Zheng; Traveler; Uncle Jia
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Test of Courage''' is a quest in the second branch of [[Chongyun]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Signs of Evil]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Wuwang Hill]] and take part in the Test of Courage
#Go to the Site of the Test of Courage
#Look around for any sign of evil spirits (0/3)
#*Interact with Strange Smoke
#*Talk to [[Junjun]] to start the conversation
#*Talk to [[Lu Zheng]] to start the conversation
# Proceed onward and look for information

==Notes==
* Branches
** Branch 1: Chongyun's Determination (''Let's both drink it. If you lose control, I'll be sure to take care of you)''
*** This branch also branches into 3.
**** Branch 1: No Wasted Effort
***** Follows up with [[The Bottom of Things]]
**** Branch 2: [[Whopperflowers|Cryo Whopperflower]] Recipe
**** Branch 3: [[Cryo]] [[Slime Condensate]] Recipe
***** Both Branch 2&3 follow up with [[Sudden Discomfort]]
** Branch 2: Unsettling Feeling (''Just let me drink it alone.'')
*** Follows up with [[#Ever Deeper|Ever Deeper]]
****

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
===To Take a Test of Courage===
;(Talk to [[Uncle Jia]])
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Please be careful, everyone. Pay close attention to your surroundings and stay vigilant once you enter.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' And most importantly, don't get separated from your partner and wander off on your own. You'll most certainly be in for a scare if you go alone.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Did you hear that? He's warning the event participants. Maybe something strange really did happen here...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Let's investigate.
:{{DIcon}} (I think you misunderstood that...)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Hehe, welcome to the Test of Courage! You two must be very close friends.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Actually, we just met...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Hah, no problem at all. Don't be shy, just enjoy yourselves!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' But please drink this before you enter the Test of Courage.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' This drink will boost the yang energy inside your body and lift your courage.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Not only that, but this drink will also allow you to see things which are usually hidden from the naked eye... Pretty exciting, huh?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Y&mdash;Yang energy?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' That's right. Ghosts are said to be full of "yin energy," so more "yang energy" will surely deter them.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Whoa, I've never heard of such a drink. Is it a secret recipe, or maybe some kind of potion?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it's all just psychological.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm, possibly... But why bother exaggerating it so much then?
:{{DIcon}} I think you've misunderstood the whole "Test of Courage" thing.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Surely not, he keeps emphasizing that there are frightening things inside. I'm almost certain it's some powerful evil spirit.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But if this drink really does boost yang energy, then it's potentially dangerous for me.
:{{DIcon}} Dangerous?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* You see, I have a very rare constitution called a "pure-yang spirit."
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Such a constitution allows me to scare away evil spirits, but also makes me prone to emotional impulses.
:{{DIcon}} You seem like a very calm person to me.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I am constantly focusing to keep my mind and body in a normal state, which usually works until I suffer from some external stress...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Come now, what's with that serious expression on your face, lad? You aren't worried about the drink, are you?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' It's delicious and quite effective if I do say so myself! There's nothing to worry about.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Or if you're still unsure, perhaps only one of you could take the drink. The person who takes the drink can protect the one who doesn't. It'll be exciting either way!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm, it's hard to refuse when you put it that way...
:{{DIcon}} Let's both drink it. If you lose control, I'll be sure to take care of you. ''(Unlocks [[Sudden Discomfort]] and [[The Bottom of Things]])''
:{{DIcon}} Just let me drink it alone. ''(Unlocks [[Ever Deeper]])''
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 12.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Alright, here it is! Please drink it slowly.
:'''''After finishing the drink...'''''
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 13.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' Haha! Yes, that's it, you did great! You two may enter now.

===Unsettling Feeling/Chongyun's Determination===
;(If Chongyun also drank the drink)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 15.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I'm starting to feel something after that drink...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh&mdash;no, no, I'll be fine... Let's go investigate the area.

;(Approach the site of the Test of Courage)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So, this is the Test of Courage! Hmm, there are more people here than I imagined.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' They could all be in grave danger if there really is an evil spirit here. We must get to the bottom of this!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I'm not too sure where we should start, but I know we'll find something once we start looking.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' These innocent participants are completely oblivious to the potential danger here. We'll need to protect them.
:{{DIcon}} The Test of Courage isn't actually dangerous, you know.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Wh&mdash;What? Please, enlighten me.
:{{DIcon}} The participants are just here to have fun.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You mean, being scared is like "entertainment" to them?
:{{DIcon}} You're taking this event too seriously.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I see... *sigh* Maybe you're right. I'm certainly a stranger to entertainment, after all.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I mostly spend my time purging evil spirits and practicing thaumaturgy.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Besides training, I also need to constantly focus on my own emotions to avoid losing control.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So I rarely have any time for leisure activities. I'm completely unfamiliar with what others would consider entertainment.
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903002 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hm... Well, either way, let's check the area for any evil spirits, just in case. Where should we start?
;(Look around for any sign of evil spirits)
{{Dialogue end}}

====Lu Zheng and Dandan====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Lu Zheng)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 dandan 01.ogg}} '''[[Dandan]]:''' This is all your fault! This place nearly scared me to death!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 01.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' Alright, alright, don't lose your temper. We're leaving now, okay?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 02.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' Hmm... To think I used to believe you were brave.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 dandan 02.ogg}} '''Dandan:''' B&mdash;But this is different!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Excuse me, but I couldn't help but overhear your conversation. Did you perchance encounter an evil spirit?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If so, I'm here to track it. Could you please tell me which direction it went?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 dandan 03.ogg}} '''Dandan:''' Wh&mdash;Who are you?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 dandan 04.ogg}} '''Dandan:''' No I didn't see anything, so don't ask!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 dandan 05.ogg}} '''Dandan:''' So please just leave me alone. I don't know what you're talking about, and I certainly don't want anything to do with an evil spirit.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' My apologies, perhaps you misunderstood what I meant. I only wish to know what the spirit looks like and which way it went so we could track it down.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If you can't describe its appearance, then at least show us the way it went.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 dandan 06.ogg}} '''Dandan:''' Sh&mdash;Show you the way? No, I'm not going anywhere!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' N&mdash;No, we're not taking you anywhere. I am just asking you to show us&mdash;
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 dandan 07.ogg}} '''Dandan:''' Ugh, no, forget it!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 03.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' Alright, that's enough. Listen, if you keep talking like that, she might actually end up believing in that nonsense.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 04.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' Can't you see she's terrified enough already? You can go find whatever strange things you're looking for on your own.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' My apologies, I didn't mean to frighten her.
:{{DIcon}} He's quite the serious exorcist.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Yes, I'm just trying to hunt the evil spirit you mentioned to prevent it from hurting anyone.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 05.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' Isn't it a bit strange for an exorcist to come to the Test of Courage looking for evil spirits?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 06.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' Oh... I think I get it now. But we didn't say anything about a ghost or spirit. I think you misunderstood us.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 07.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' I brought my girlfriend here to have some fun, but instead, she got frightened by all this spooky atmosphere. Now we'll just have to go home.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 luzheng 08.ogg}} '''Lu Zheng:''' *sigh* I'm not too sure what you're looking for, but we did see some dark shadows making strange noises.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Thank you very much. That's very helpful.
:'''''The couple leaves.'''''
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Well, you heard it. It seems something unusual is going on here.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But why would they ever want to come here if they get scared so easily?
:{{DIcon}} The point isn't getting scared, it's relying on each other in the face of fear.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Interesting... I have never had any fear of evil spirits, so perhaps I'm unable to understand their feelings.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It's amazing that you're able to pick up on that. Good thing I brought you as my partner!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903003 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Anyway, let's keep searching the area.
{{Dialogue end}}

====Strange Smoke====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Strange Smoke)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903004 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm, these are traces left by an evil spirit, no doubt about it!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903004 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' The traces are quite weak, though, so there are only two possibilities. Either the spirit that left the traces is very weak, or it has already left for some time now.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903004 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Either way, these possibilities prove my hunch that there's indeed an evil spirit here.
:{{DIcon}} Are evil spirits the reason why Wuwang Hill is so gloomy all the time?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903004 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, I don't think so. There have been many rumors regarding the cause of Wuwang Hill's gloomy aura, but nothing is certain.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903004 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Although, once it became the murky place you see now, it also began to attract more evil spirits.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903004 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Anyway, these traces lead us one step closer to finding an evil spirit.
{{Dialogue end}}

====Junjun and Chan'er====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Junjun)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 01.ogg}} '''[[Chan'er]]:''' Don't come over here again!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 02.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' Seriously, just leave me alone!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 01.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Why must you be so obstinate?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 02.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Just calm down! It's not what you think.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 03.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' No, don't even bother! You think I don't know what you're doing?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Stop! Not a step closer!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Don't be afraid! I'll exorcise it right now!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 03.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Exorcise it?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 04.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' Wh&mdash;Who are you? And what are you talking about?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Wait? What?
:{{DIcon}} Everyone, just calm down.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh, he's just a person? Ah, it seems I've made a mistake.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' After seeing her resist so violently, I thought for sure an evil spirit was trying to harm her.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 04.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Nah, it's not like that at all! She's just... throwing a tantrum.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 05.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' Excuse me? A "tantrum"? This is supposed to be a date, you know?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 06.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' And now that we're finally here, you don't wanna go anywhere, and you just wanna hang around the entrance. What's the point in that?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 05.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Alright, fine! I was just about to walk in with you...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 06.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Look, I&mdash;I'm sorry, I'm just a little bit scared, that's all. That's why I've been stalling. I was wrong, okay?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 07.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Now that someone else is here, let's take a moment to calm down.
:{{DIcon}} They seem to be here to participate just like everyone else.
:{{DIcon}} I think we're intruding on them.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* I wasn't thinking clearly. It was pure impulse...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 08.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' I'm sorry, p&mdash;please forgive me. Will you give me another chance?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 07.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' ...Fine... I know that I shouldn't have yelled at you.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 09.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' Oh... It doesn't matter anymore. You're still the best, babe.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 08.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' Uh, who said you could call me "babe"? Ugh, you're so annoying!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Huh, so they really are on a date? But why in such a dangerous place like this?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...Perhaps we should just leave them alone.

;(Talk to Junjun again)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 junjun 10.ogg}} '''Junjun:''' If not "babe," then... how about "darling"?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903005 chaner 09.ogg}} '''Chan'er:''' Hmph, don't you try to sweet talk me!
{{Dialogue end}}

====Proceeding Onward====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the designated location)
;(If you drank the potion alone)
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* Well, at least we've found some useful clues. We'll need to keep searching further in.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But to avoid alerting the evil spirit, perhaps I should wait here.
::{{DIcon}} You're not coming?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' When we were collecting clues just now, we were still unsure whether any evil spirit is actually here or not. But now that possibility seems higher, it would be wise to proceed more cautiously.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Our efforts will be wasted if my yang energy scares the evil spirit away.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Besides, I trust your capability and experience as an adventurer.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If you come across a powerful demon, I'll get there as fast as possible.
::{{DIcon}} Just wait for my word.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright, thank you.
::;(Go to [[Ever Deeper]])

;(If Chongyun also drank the potion)
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...Sorry... Sorry, I feel... unwell.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...I think the drink we had earlier stirred the yang energy inside my body.
::{{DIcon}} Is it that serious?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If there's too much yang energy, I'm afraid that I won't be able to control myself. Even though you were willing to accompany me this far, I don't want to cause you any further trouble.
::{{DIcon}} But we've finally found some traces of an evil spirit.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If I lose control, I fear that I'll be the one endangering everyone here, not evil spirits. ...We'd better find somewhere to rest.
::{{DIcon}} Sure, just have a rest. I'll continue investigating on my own.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright. You are an experienced adventurer, after all. I won't be far, so just call for help if you run into any danger.
::;(Go to [[The Bottom of Things]])
::{{DIcon}} Let me help you find a place to rest.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Ugh... sorry to trouble you again...
:::'''''You find a place for Chongyun to rest.'''''
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 07.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 01.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' Ughhh...
:::{{DIcon}} Is there anything I can do to help?
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 08.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 02.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' The feeling... it's becoming more intense...
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 09.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 03.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' Usually, I can manage by simply eating a popsicle... but that's only under normal circumstances...
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 10.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 04.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' I may need something... a bit more potent in this case...
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 11.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 05.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' Like Cryo Slime Condensate, or Cryo Whopperflower Nectar, for example...
:::{{DIcon}} I think I have some.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 12.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 06.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' You've collected these during your adventures right? But I'm afraid they're no good... They're not fresh enough.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 13.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 07.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' Perhaps they're fine as typical ingredients, but they won't be potent enough to suppress the abundance of yang energy inside me.
:::{{DIcon}} I'll go get some Cryo Slime Condensate for you. ''(Unlocks Cryo Slime Condensate Recipe)''
:::{{DIcon}} I'll go get some Cryo Whopperflower Nectar for you. ''(Unlocks Cryo Whopperflower Recipe)''
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 14.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 08.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' Thank you... I'll be resting here.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 15.ogg}}<!--duplicate: vo cycop001 1903101 chongyun 09.ogg-->  '''Chongyun:''' ...I should be able to manage for the time being if I... just focus on keeping calm.
:::;(Go to [[Sudden Discomfort]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Unsorted===
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright, if you say so.
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 chongyun 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright, sorry to trouble you again.
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 14.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' You two may enter now. Have fun!
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903001 unclejia 15.ogg}} '''Uncle Jia:''' I hope this will strengthen your friendship, hehehe...
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Please... just call for help if you run into any in danger.
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 17.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I'll be resting here... I must try to keep cool...
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 18.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Sorry for troubling you again...
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903006 chongyun 19.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Just be careful when you are collecting the ingredients...
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If you come across a powerful demon, I'll get there as fast as possible.
*{{A|vo cycop001 1903201 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Just don't try to be a hero. I am responsible for protecting you, after all.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Test of Courage
|zhs     = 试胆大会
|zhs_rm  = Shìdǎn Dàhuì
|zht     = 試膽大會
|zht_rm  = Shìdǎn Dàhuì
|zh_tl   = Test of Courage Rally
|ja      = 肝試し大会
|ja_rm   = Kimodameshi Taikai
|ja_tl   = Test of Courage Gathering
|ko      = 담력 시험
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Prueba de valor
|es_tl   = Test of Valor
|fr      = Le test de bravoure
|fr_tl   = The Test of Bravery
|ru      = Испытание смелости
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ประชันความกล้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đại Hội Thi Gan
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Probe des Mutes
|de_tl   = Test of Courage
|id      = Uji Keberanian
|id_tl   = Test of Courage
|pt      = Teste de Coragem
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}