{{Terminology Infobox
|title = Test Run — Character Trial Event
|image = Icon Test Run.png
|type  = Recurring Events
}}
'''Test Run - Character Trial Event''' is a Recurring [[Event]] that allow players to try out the promoted characters' gameplay in special [[Domains]] for a [[Character Trial]]. The character's combat specs are fixed, and food items cannot be used. By completing each challenge for the first time, players can gain various rewards such as [[Primogem]]s, [[Adventurer's Experience]], [[Mystic Enhancement Ore]], [[Mora]], [[Local Specialties]], [[Character and Weapon Enhancement Material]]s.

There are Test Runs for each of the characters featured on the current [[Character Event Wish]]. Exceptions to this are the characters who are obtained for free (i.e. [[Barbara]], [[Noelle]], and [[Xiangling]]), although they can still appear in other character's test runs as secondary trial characters. [[Collei]] had a trial upon her release, and she is now used as a secondary trial character.

To start a Test Run, open the [[Paimon Menu]] and choose the Events button, which will list the current Test Run, permanent events not yet completed, and other limited time events currently running.

==Official Description==
Dear Travelers:<br />The Test Run character trial event has begun!<br />Travelers may use fixed lineups containing the selected trial characters to enter specific stages and test them out. Travelers that complete the challenge will receive the corresponding rewards!<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1310564920484917249 Event Announcement]</ref>

==Event Rules==
# During the character trial event "Test Run," you can use fixed lineups containing the selected trial [[characters]] to enter specific stages and test them out.
# The trial characters will have a fixed level and will come with a set of [[weapons]] and [[artifacts]]. The lineup and characters' equipped weapons and artifacts cannot be changed.
# Additional [[Elemental Orb]]s will drop during trial event challenges to facilitate the testing of the trial characters' [[Elemental Burst]]s.
# Once the stage challenge is complete, you may collect your rewards upon exiting the stage or stay within the stage to continue trying the characters out.
# The trial stage can be repeated, but its challenge completion rewards may only be collected once.
# Some in-game functions may be disabled or only partially displayed during trial stages.

==Test Runs==
{{Current Event}}

==History==
{{Event History Table}}

==Trivia==
* The only Test Run Event that contains a free character is [[Test Run - Character Trial Event/2020-09-28|Venti, Barbara, Fischl]], which featured [[Barbara]].
** The limited time event [[Barbara's Shining Debut]] ran in [[Version 1.0]]. However, the permanent event [[Baptism of Song]] was added in [[Version 1.1]].
* All Test Run Event banner designs between [[Test Run - Character Trial Event/2021-02-03|Xiao, Diona, Beidou, Xinyan (2021-02-03)]] and [[Test Run - Character Trial Event/2021-07-21|Kamisato Ayaka, Yanfei, Chongyun, Ningguang (2021-07-21)]] (excluding [[Test Run - Character Trial Event/2021-03-02|Hu Tao, Xingqiu, Chongyun (2021-03-02)]]) have been unofficial.
* The designs of Test Run Event banners were changed starting with [[Test Run - Character Trial Event/2021-07-21|Kamisato Ayaka, Yanfei, Chongyun, Ningguang (2021-07-21)]].
* Starting with the Test Run [[Test Run - Character Trial Event/2021-07-21|Kamisato Ayaka, Yanfei, Chongyun, Ningguang (2021-07-21)]], Test Runs award 3 of the trial character's [[Local Specialty]] [[Character Ascension Material]].
* Starting with the Test Run [[Test Run - Character Trial Event/2021-09-01|Raiden Shogun, Kujou Sara, Sucrose (2021-09-01)]], Test Runs award 3 of the trial character's [[Character and Weapon Enhancement Material]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Test Run
|zhs     = 且试身手
|zhs_rm  = Qiě Shì Shēnshǒu
|zht     = 且試身手
|zht_rm  = Qiě Shì Shēnshǒu
|zh_tl   = Brief Skill Test
|ja      = 腕試し
|ja_rm   = Udedameshi
|ja_tl   = Test of Skill
|ko      = 솜씨 시험
|ko_rm   = Somssi Siheom
|ko_tl   = Ability Test
|es      = Nuevas sensaciones
|es_tl   = New Sensations
|fr      = Essayer, c'est adopter
|fr_tl   = To Try, Is to Adopt
|ru      = Тестовый забег
|ru_tl   = Test Heat
|th      = ทดสอบพรสวรรค์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thử {{tt|Thân Thủ|身手}}
|vi_tl   = Skill Test
|de      = Probelauf
|de_tl   = Test Run
|id      = Coba Karakter
|id_tl   = Try the Character
|pt      = Teste de Personagens
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Nuevas sensaciones]]
[[fr:Essayer, c'est adopter]]
[[ja:腕試し - キャラクターお試しイベント]]
[[pt-br:Teste de Personagens]]
[[th:ทดสอบพรสวรรค์]]
[[vi:Thử Thân Thủ]]