{{About|the event quest in [[Akitsu Kimodameshi]]|the quest in [[Chongyun]]'s [[Hangout Event]]|Test of Courage}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Test of Courage
|id            = 40089
|image         = Event Quest Test of Courage.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Akitsu Kimodameshi
|chapter       = <!-- Same name as event, don't need to be filled -->
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30
* Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|characters    = Arataki Itto; Ei; Gorou; Hanyuuda Chizuru; Kaedehara Kazuha; Kamisato Ayaka; Kamisato Ayato; Paimon; Shikanoin Heizou; Traveler; Hitomi (Inazuma)<!-- as Shrine Maiden-->; Yoshiharu; Hitotsume Kozou; Kappa; Youko
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Kamisato Estate
|next          = Akitsu Yuugei
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Akitsu Kimodameshi]] Event
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Test of Courage''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Akitsu Kimodameshi]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Yashiro Commission]] to ask about the Test of Courage
# Talk to [[Kamisato Ayato|Ayato]]
# Leave the Yashiro Commission
# Go to the site of the Test of Courage
# Ask the member of staff
# Pick a partner out of the three contestants
# Begin the first round of the Test of Courage
# Complete the first round of the Test of Courage
# Return to the site of the Test of Courage
# Help [[Itto]] scare people
# Follow the people that ran away

==Gameplay Notes==
* During the ''Test of Courage'' step, the party will be limited to only the Traveler, and the chosen partner will follow behind the player. Some functions, such as [[Normal Attack]], [[Jump]], and [[Co-Op Mode]] will be disabled.
** The player can get separated from their partner during this quest. When this happens, '''"You get separated from your partner during the Test of Courage"''' text will appear on screen and the player will be brought back near the [[Hitomi (Inazuma)|Shrine Maiden]], restarting the quest with their chosen partner.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You heard that the Test of Courage is being held. Maybe you should head to the Yashiro Commission to have a look...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On obtaining quest)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey {{Traveler}}, you'll never guess what Paimon just heard!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The [[Yashiro Commission]] is holding a Test of Courage event! They've even prepared rewards for participants who can pass the event's challenges!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But uh, if it's a "Test of Courage," that means it's probably gonna be scary, right? So, if we join, Paimon's gonna let you go first...

;(Approach the Yashiro Commission)
;(Talk to Kamisato Ayato)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayato~!
:{{DIcon}} Long time no see!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah, it's you two. Yes, it has been a while.
:{{Introductory Note|character=Kamisato Ayato}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, we heard the Yashiro Commission is holding a Test of Courage, so we came right over to sign ourselves up!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't expect to see you here in person, though. Does that mean this event is really important?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You think I only make an appearance for occasions that are deemed sufficiently important? Hehe.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It just so happens that this Test of Courage event was actually my suggestion, but naturally, I've left the planning and more trifling details to be arranged by my retainers.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Considering that such events are quite popular across Teyvat, I've had numerous examples to draw from, so everything should be in good order. I'm merely here to do a routine check on the progress of the event, that's all.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it... so what you're saying is you're not very busy right now.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, maybe you can give us a quick rundown of the event rules!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Heh, only Paimon could be so natural at ordering others around.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' However... the possibility remains that we may yet require your assistance.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, sorry? What did you say?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah, nothing. Hehe, seeing as I apparently have some time, I suppose we may chat about the event for a moment.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yippee!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, Ayato.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' As its name implies, the event is a game designed to put one's courage to the test.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The venue for the event will be set up in the [[Chinju Forest]]. Before the start of each round, participants will be divided into teams of two.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Once teams have been formed, the event staff will announce the name of an item that has been placed in or around the Chinju Forest area.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The first person to locate the specified item will be declared the winner of that round.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The winner of that round"? Huh, so there's gonna be multiple rounds to the Test of Courage?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Precisely. There will be a total of three rounds in the Test of Courage because the event was actually orchestrated by three different parties.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Merchants raised event funding, the [[Kamisato Clan]] provided the grounds, and the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Faction)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] provided consulting services.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' As such, each of these three parties have selected one item for participants to find, so naturally, the event will require three rounds to determine the winners.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon gets it. So basically, it boils down to searching for stuff in Chinju Forest.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll need to find one item each round, for a total of three items after three rounds. Simple enough for Paimon!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Yes, seems you've got the gist of it. We will be issuing different rewards based on the number of rounds won, so if a participant wins multiple rounds, then that will also be reflected in their final reward.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If a participant manages to find all three items, then they shall receive the grand prize provided by the Grand Narukami Shrine.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, a grand prize! Sounds like it could be really valuable!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' As for its true value, I'm afraid you'll have to win the event first and ask [[Yae Miko|Lady Guuji]] yourself.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Of course, this event is intended to measure your courage. If you withdraw from the event because you become too frightened, then you might as well forget about seeing any rewards.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I'm curious myself how many people will be brave enough to make it to the end. It'll be most disappointing if nobody claims the prizes we've prepared.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, those prizes are as good as ours!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though just the thought of this event sends shivers down Paimon's little spine, {{Traveler}} will be brave enough, no doubt about that!
:{{DIcon}} That's right!
::{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 20a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I appreciate your enthusiasm. Hehe, I look forward to seeing how you perform.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not really that amazing...
::{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 20b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' No need to be so modest. Your journey thus far already speaks volumes of your bravery.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 21.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Anyway, I think I've given you sufficient details. I'll add your names to the list of participants momentarily.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 22.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' As for the three items you'll be searching for, please wait for a staff member to inform you at the start of the event.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 ayato 23.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Oh, and a friendly word of advice... Test of Courage events tend to give rise to a variety of strange rumors and stories, so please, be sure to exercise caution.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! What did he mean by that!? Oh, will there be spooky things in Chinju Forest?
:{{DIcon}} It's certainly a possibility...
::{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 15a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh! Now even you're trying to scare Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} He's just pulling your leg.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 15b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, Paimon thought so, too... Well, in that case, there's nothing to be scared of!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, we've got an event to win... Grand prize, here we come!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You spoke with Ayato about the rules of the Test of Courage. Go to the site and check it out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Leave the Yashiro Commission)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hold it right there! Haha, well if it isn't my compadres! Didn't expect to see you here.
:{{Introductory Note|character=Arataki Itto}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon knows that voice... It's [[Itto]]! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, don't tell Paimon that you're here for the Test of Courage.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hah, what else! I'm sorry, but those prizes already belong to yours truly... Arataki "Ain't Scared of Nothin'" Itto!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I mean, well, that's what I really wanna say... But uh, I've actually got something else goin' on.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? What's that?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, it's a long story. As soon as I heard about the Test of Courage, I got the gang together and was ready to bring everyone for the time of their lives.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But uh, it turns out the other members weren't as pumped about the event as me...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' "Chinju Forest? We've already been there a million times. There's nothing scary about that place!"
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' "That event's just a game for kids! What a waste of time... Let's play some Genius Invokation TCG!"
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' "Seriously, Test of Courage!? Ugh, whatever. I guess if that's what the boss wants..."
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Can you believe that!? What a group of deadbeats... I'm not gonna put up with that, nuh-uh, not in my gang!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it now... dragging the gang to an event they don't want to go to won't be the best for your reputation as a leader.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, this isn't about me!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' As leader of the [[Arataki Gang]], it's my duty to find new and tantalizing experiences for everyone. A happy gang means a happy life!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Even if they can't get it through their stubborn heads now, one way or another, I'll show them how much fun a Test of Courage can be!
:{{DIcon}} Wow, Itto...
:{{DIcon}} You sure do care about your gang members...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anywayyy, I'm no stranger to Chinju Forest. Sure, it was a little terrifying going through there, but hey, I'm used to it now!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And seriously, what kind of scary pranks could those guys in the Yashiro Commission ever come up with? If they can't scare anyone, then it's not gonna be a "test of courage" now, is it?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Not to mention, if the gang starts complaining... I won't ever be able to show my face around here.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And after all that talk, it still boils down to you!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, well, leading a gang can be complicated. You don't understand... Anywho, I've got a plan.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Since there's no way I can trust the Yashiro Commission to make a fun event, I've decided to step in and spice things up a little.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you don't seriously mean that...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, you bet I do! Yours truly is gonna be out scaring people! Hahaha, I'm taking this event to a whole 'nother level!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But it's gonna take more than an [[oni]] to make it happen... So I came here to recruit some help, and then I saw you come walking along.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' C'mon! Come scare people with me, please!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Pretty please!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Forget it!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Pretty pretty pleaseee!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, fine! But don't forget, we're here to win the Test of Courage and take home the grand prize.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll help you out. Just don't get in the way of our prize.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahaha, yes! You're a real oni saver! Don't worry, with me around, winning the Test of Courage will be a piece of cake.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, those participants won't scare themselves! Let's get out there, hahaha!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a noisy guy... Hmm, but after hearing him laugh and talk, Paimon doesn't feel scared anymore.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, maybe laughter is the key to making fear go away! If things get scary later, we can all start laughing at the top of our lungs!
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:{{DIcon}} Pretty sure that would just make things even scarier...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey! {{Traveler}}, Paimon, enough chitchat! We're gonna miss the event!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Coming!
:;(Heizou watches from a distance)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You encountered Itto outside the Yashiro Commission. He decided to "spice up" the Test of Courage for himself, but you don't know what will happen...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, this looks like the place.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, is it just Paimon, or does it look a lot scarier than usual here?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, Paimon!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaah!!!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh! Don't sneak up on Paimon like that! What do you want?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah nothing, I just had a thought occur to me.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I want to scare the gang members real good, but now that I think about it, I've never actually scared anyone before.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You're only now realizing this?
:{{DIcon}} So you mean you want to practice first?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Practice? Oh, now there's an idea.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, I've got it! Why don't you join the Test of Courage like everyone else, and I'll go hide and try to scare you from time to time?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Then, you two can judge my scaring skills. Alright, that's the plan. Lemme go get ready!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just wait, you'll see how scary this oni can be! Hahaha!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And there he goes, running off and still talking to himself...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we were here to join the event anyway. Guess we'll just have to pass Itto's little "test" along with whatever else the event throws at us.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, seems one of the event staff is over there. Let's go talk to her.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Itto suggested that as you proceed with the Test of Courage as usual, he will hide in the shadows and scare people from time to time. You should ask the member of staff for details.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to the Shrine Maiden)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 01.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Aha, you must be here to participate in the Test of Courage?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that's right! Uh, judging from your outfit, you must be one of the shrine maidens from the Grand Narukami Shrine!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 02.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' That's right. Huh, I can already see a dark aura surrounding the two of you... Yes, truly ominous.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 03.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' If you carelessly go running into the event, all it'll take is one little misstep and the darkness will swallow you up, hehehe...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! What's with the sinister laugh...? Is she really a shrine maiden?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 04.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Sure you don't want to back out? This is your last chance. I'll count it down... three... two... one. Welcome to the Test of Courage... Enter at your own risk.
:{{DIcon}} Uh, was that the first test?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 05.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Sure, you could say that. You know, the most unfortunate tales always happen unexpectedly on just a normal, average day... just like today.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 06.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' But no need to worry. Allay your qualms and suspicions... Everything was already set into motion the moment you two stepped into this place.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 07.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Just enjoy the calm before the storm... The first round is about to begin. Have you already decided on your partner?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, you finally said something that Paimon can understand! Yep, the two of us will be partners! We always make the best team!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 08.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' ...Hmm?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 09.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' But it appears your names were written together as a single participant... "{{Traveler}} and Paimon."
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 10.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Which means, you'll have to find yourselves another partner in order to join the event.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, are you serious!?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, if only Itto hadn't gone running off on his own, we could have had a partner! Now what should we do?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 11.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' As far as I know, there have been other participants who have yet to designate a partner. You could go ask around.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 hitomi 12.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Just be sure to make it quick. If you don't have a partner by the time the event starts, then you'll be immediately disqualified!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, we can't let that happen! Let's go see if we can find anyone to partner up with nearby!

;(Talk to the Shrine Maiden again)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 hitomi 01.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Have you found a partner yet?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The staff said you needed another partner. Who will it be...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Greetings!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, it's Ayaka! Are you here for the Test of Courage, too?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, my brother told me that the event would be "most interesting," and suggested that I personally participate.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I have never experienced a Test of Courage event, so I don't really know what to expect.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so this is your first time?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' To be frank, I'm no expert when it comes to the supernatural... I often worry that I haven't shown spirits proper respect and have brought shame upon my clan.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, speaking of which, may I ask if the two of you are partners for the event?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, the shrine maiden just told us that we only count as a single participant, however that works... so we're looking for a partner now!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Splendid. In that case, how would you like to be my partner?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I always feel at ease when you're by my side. Ah, but of course, please don't let me get in the way if you wish to participate with someone else...
:{{DIcon}} I want to partner up with Ayaka.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 08a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, you'd really like to? Then it's my honor... Or I suppose I should say, please pardon my inexperience.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 08a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And if I appear to be frightened, please promise not to laugh at me.
:{{DIcon}} Let me think about it...
::{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 08b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Sure, I understand. I'll be waiting for you here.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 7 ayaka 08b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You may let me know if you need anything.

;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka again)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' So, have you given it some thought?
:{{DIcon}} I want to partner up with Ayaka.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 ayaka 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, you'd really like to? Then it's my honor... Or I suppose I should say, please pardon my inexperience.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 ayaka 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And if I appear to be frightened, please promise not to laugh at me.
:{{DIcon}} I still need to give it some more thought.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 ayaka 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah, I see. That's alright.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 ayaka 02b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You may let me know if you need anything.

;(Talk to Gorou)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah {{Traveler}}, Paimon! I didn't expect to run into you here!
:{{Introductory Note|Gorou}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here for the Test of Courage! How about you?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well... I was originally headed to Yae Publishing House to hand in responses for this month's issue of That's Life.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But I had no idea that that crafty fox would be there! She brought up the Test of Courage event and suggested I give it a try.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I wasn't interested, but she said, "The mighty general of Watatsumi Island isn't afraid of anything, is he?"
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' And before I knew it, I found myself caught in her persuasive mind games. *sigh* I immediately regretted it the moment I arrived here. There could be traps everywhere...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, this event's sounding more and more dangerous...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' My instinct tells me that the forest is chock-full of ambushes. One misstep and it'll be over.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Perhaps that crafty fox is hiding somewhere in the dark, waiting for another opportunity to tease me. Who knows, she might even use a Kamera and send embarrassing photos back to Watatsumi Island...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency once said, "When you march into an ambush, escape the enemy vanguard. When escape is impossible, then seek ample reinforcements."
:{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmm, now that you're here, maybe we can turn the tables. Could I ask you two to partner up with me?
:{{DIcon}} I want to partner up with Gorou.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 10a 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Great! This'll be our chance to fight side by side once again!
::{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 10a 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' With you around, there's nothing to fear! That crafty fox's games are over!
:{{DIcon}} Let me think about it...
::{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 10b 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh, sure... I completely understand. Perhaps you have a friend you'd like to enter the Test of Courage with?
::{{A|vo sdeq001 8 gorou 10b 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Anyway, whoever you decide to partner up with, the most important thing is to enjoy the event. Good luck!

;(Talk to Gorou again)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh, have you decided whether or not to participate with me?
:{{DIcon}} I want to partner up with Gorou.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 gorou 02a 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Great! This'll be our chance to fight side by side once again!
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 gorou 02a 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' With you around, there's nothing to fear! That crafty fox's games are over!
:{{DIcon}} I still need to give it some more thought.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 gorou 02b 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh, alright... To be honest, I was really looking forward to the chance of teaming up with you.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 gorou 02b 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' With the two of us fighting together, I feel like we could take on any enemy!

;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There was a familiar scent upon the wind. I knew that I'd see you around here.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kazuha!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' We meet again.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect to see you at the Test of Courage!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' And why's that? Do I seem unsuited for this sort of event?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, not at all! It's just that Paimon's never seen you get scared, Kazuha.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're always so calm and collected. It's like you've never been scared by anything!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You flatter me. I suppose that's only a reflection of my time wandering the wilderness. I've heard many strange stories in my travels.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I can say I've even experienced a few myself. Over time, I must have gotten used to it.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, that makes sense! But uh, why do you want to join the Test of Courage?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' After hearing the Yashiro Commission promote the rewards for this event, I was guessing that you two would show up.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Since we hadn't seen each other for some time, I figured I might as well come and see you. After all, meeting someone after being apart for so long always lifts the spirits.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you were waiting for us?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' That's right. So, tell me, how has your journey been lately?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Things have gone pretty well! Uh, by the way, the shrine maiden told us that everyone needs a partner to participate in the Test of Courage event. Have you found a partner yet, Kazuha?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' No, not yet. Do you need me to be your partner?
:{{DIcon}} I want to partner up with Kazuha.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 10a 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Very well, then. I wouldn't mind a walk together.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 10a 2.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I haven't participated in many of these events, so I'm curious what new experiences lie ahead.
:{{DIcon}} Let me think about it...
::{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 10b 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Take your time. We'll have plenty of chances to talk later, so there's no need to make a choice this very instant.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 9 kazuha 10b 2.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' We could even go together for a late night snack once the event is over.

;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha again)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Do you need me to be your partner?
:{{DIcon}} I want to partner up with Kazuha.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 kazuha 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Very well, then. I wouldn't mind a walk together.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 kazuha 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I haven't participated in many of these events, so I'm curious what new experiences lie ahead.
:{{DIcon}} I still need to give it some more thought.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 kazuha 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Sure, please don't worry about me.
::{{A|vo dialog sdeq001 kazuha 02b 2.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The point of friends gathering is to have a good time. Worrying will only dampen the mood.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Time to go meet the staff with your partner.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to the Shrine Maiden)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 hitomi 01.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Ah, it looks like you've found yourselves a partner.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 hitomi 02.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' The event is just about to start. I will now reveal the item you'll be looking for in the first round.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 hitomi 03.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' It's called "[[Dango Milk]]."
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dango Milk?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 hitomi 04.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Correct. Tomoki was kind enough to provide us with his Dango Milk and it has been hidden somewhere in the Chinju Forest.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 hitomi 05.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' The path will be marked with {{color|buzzword|signs}} to guide you, but some strange and unusual things may occur along the way... If you ever feel you can't handle it, you may withdraw from the event at any time.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 hitomi 06.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' Now, if you're ready, then you may begin.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We don't want anyone to beat us to it &mdash; let's go!
----
===Kamisato Ayaka===
{{Quest Description|update|You decided to join Ayaka in the first round. What challenges will you encounter along the way?}}
;(While following the signs - Kamisato Ayaka chosen as the partner)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 14 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This reminds me of a story that a retainer once told me several years ago.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 14 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' There was a wandering samurai who, while crossing the forest at night, noticed that the familiar scenery was beginning to change right in front of him.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 14 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The man stopped and realized that it was as if he was in another world. Strange creatures that didn't appear to be human were all staring at him...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaa! That's super scary! Paimon doesn't even dare look at all these trees after hearing that story!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Will we really be okay...? If anything weird jumps out at us, teach it a lesson, {{Traveler}}!

;(If the Traveler idles)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 23 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Would you like to stop for a rest?

;(If the Traveler strays too far from the path)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 22 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please... stay a little closer.

;(If the center path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 16 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Wait... Are these fireworks?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, they suddenly lit up! We'd better keep our distance!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get out of here!

;(Opening the common chest at the end of the center path)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, Paimon thought we found it, but it doesn't seem to be here.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's keep searching somewhere else!

;(If Traveler goes to the path that was already traversed)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 21 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Seems we went the wrong way... Let's try a different path!

;(If the right path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 17 yoshiharu 01.ogg}} '''[[Yoshiharu|???]]:''' The torment~...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Did you hear that voice?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 17 yoshiharu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah, the torment~... You will suffer with me~!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 17 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Could it be... a spirit that's haunting this place?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oohhh~ We're not here to bother you, uh no need to torment us! We'll even ask someone at the Grand Narukami Shrine to come and free you... hehe!

;(Talk to the hiding person)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 18 yoshiharu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh no, you spotted me!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 18 yoshiharu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Shh! Please, not a word of this to anyone! Otherwise, they'll dock my pay.

;(Opening the common chest at the end of the right path)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have we reached the end? Paimon doesn't see anything here...

;(If the left path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 15 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahaha! Oh, I'll show you how scary this oni can be!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 15 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hah! How was that? Were ya scared?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 15 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I can't quite make out what it is, but there seems to be something moving there...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh! Run!!!

;(Interact with the Dango Milk)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Look, everyone. Isn't this the Dango Milk we are searching for?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And there's a scarecrow beside it. Strange... What is that doing here?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it doesn't matter now! Since we found the Dango Milk, then we must be the first ones here, right?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But there's no way we can carry back so much Dango Milk. Why don't we drink some to lighten the load a little?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon could use a sip... Whaa!!! The scarecrow stood up!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It appears to be guarding the Dango Milk here...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, it's watching if we touch the Dango Milk? Uh, don't worry, P&mdash;Paimon didn't even touch it!
:{{DIcon}} Let's try not to scare ourselves.
:{{DIcon}} You're getting scared over nothing.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, maybe you're right, Paimon will try to calm down... Let's try some together!
:{{Black Screen|You drink some Dango Milk with Ayaka...}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmm, tastes great!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Indeed. Any fears I had a moment ago seem to have been dissipated by the Dango Milk.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And now that I look around, this is Chinju Forest as I have always known it. After making it here, it doesn't seem nearly as frightening.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' My brother once said that fear stems from one's heart, and if your heart is at peace, then fear naturally dissipates. Now I understand what he meant.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But fear is not entirely bad... Although I've been scared a few times, I still feel happy now.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I would like to continue walking through the forest for a while. Will you accompany me?
:{{DIcon}} I think I saw someone I know just now...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah, I see. Well, I shall continue walking while you go greet your friend.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 19 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Don't worry. Now that I've experienced the event once already, I won't be easily frightened. I'll see you later. Have a lovely chat with your friend.
:;(Ayaka leaves)

===Gorou===
{{Quest Description|update|You decided to join Gorou in the first round. What challenges will you encounter along the way?}}
;(While following the signs - Gorou chosen as the partner)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 24 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmm... There's something off about this place.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 24 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This unsettling feeling reminds me of a strange story I heard among the troops.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A strange story? Is it... scary?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 24 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' According to the story, there was an army that was marching through a deserted forest when they discovered a stockpile of delicious food.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 24 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The troops were short on provisions, so they came to a halt and began to eat heartily. Before long, they suddenly noticed several pairs of blood-red eyes staring at them...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 24 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh! Paimon's heard enough! What a scary story... *whimper*

;(If the Traveler idles)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 33 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Shouldn't we move out?

;(If the Traveler strays too far from the path)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 32 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There maybe ambushes waiting in the forest. Let's stick to the road signs.

;(If the center path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 26 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We should be safe here...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 26 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wait, what's this?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 26 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's fireworks... Whew, Paimon was scared half to death...

;(Opening the common chest at the end of the center path)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 30 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, Paimon thought we found it, but it doesn't seem to be here.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 30 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's keep searching somewhere else!

;(If Traveler goes to the path that was already traversed)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 31 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Seems we went the wrong way... Let's try a different path!

;(If the right path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 27 yoshiharu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Pain~... The painnn~...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 27 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Huh? Who goes there? Identify yourself!
: {{A|Vo sdeq001 27 yoshiharu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' No brain~... Ahh, the painnn...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 27 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No brain?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 27 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, this is creeping Paimon out. Let's sneak by and stay out of sight...

;(Talk to the hiding person)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 28 yoshiharu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh no, you spotted me!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 28 yoshiharu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Shh! Please, not a word of this to anyone! Otherwise, they'll dock my pay.

;(Opening the common chest at the end of the right path)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 31 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have we reached the end? Paimon doesn't see anything here...

;(If the left path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 25 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hehe, just as I predicted! They're coming right our way!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 25 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's time, Ushi! Let's give 'em a scare! Heeheehee.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 25 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' A surprise attack! I can't see anything!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 25 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's an ambush! Everyone, fall back!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 25 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait for Paimon!

;(Interact with the Dango Milk)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' *sniff* *sniff* That's the scent of Dango Milk &mdash; we've found it!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! It really is Dango Milk! A lot of it, too.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And look there's a scarecrow here. Now who could have knocked it over&mdash; W&mdash; Whaa!!! It's standing up!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ghost! It's a ghost! {{Traveler}}, save Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} It's only a trick meant to scare people.
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing to be scared of.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, really? Whew, that almost scared Paimon's socks right off.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, looks like we managed to be the first ones here! Hehe, with so much Dango Milk, it wouldn't hurt if we drink a couple of bottles, right?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Is that permitted?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everyone knows that Dango Milk spoils quickly if it's left out. Besides, we should try some!
:{{Black Screen|You drink some Dango Milk with Gorou...}}
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Mmm, that's delicious! I would like to buy some to bring back to Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I bet the troops would be happy to have such a good-tasting drink. It's unfortunate that it spoils easily...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's split the remaining bottles and start heading back. Ready?
:{{DIcon}} I think I saw someone I know just now...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh, was it one of your friends? Do you need to go talk to them?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 29 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' In that case, I don't want to get in your way. I'll take back the remaining Dango Milk. Maybe I'll run into you in the next Test of Courage round!
:;(Gorou leaves)

===Kaedehara Kazuha===
{{Quest Description|update|You decided to join Kazuha in the first round. What challenges will you encounter along the way?}}
;(While following the signs - Kaedehara Kazuha chosen as the partner)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, is it just Paimon, or does Chinju Forest feel a little gloomier than before?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I haven't sensed anything particularly different. How about I tell you a story...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Once, in my wandering travels, I came upon a bridge, and I had been told that an ominous presence awaited those who cross that bridge at night.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It was said that there were a pair of lovebirds who tragically fell into the water below and perished. Their grieving spirits converged around the bridge and were never dispersed.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' So, I picked a night to cross the bridge, and as I was crossing, I heard some voices.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An&mdash;And then?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I stopped and listened for some time, and realized it was a couple disguised as ghosts who blackmailed passersby for their belongings. They were arguing over how to split their ill-gotten loot.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 34 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, after hearing that, Paimon doesn't feel so scared anymore!

;(If the Traveler idles)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 43 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What are you looking at?

;(If the Traveler strays too far from the path)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 42 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I'm also curious about what's over there, but we should continue following the signs for now.

;(If the center path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 36 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Careful, there's something up above.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 36 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *coughing* What's this?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 36 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, fireworks? Whew, Paimon was scared half to death...

;(Opening the common chest at the end of the center path)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 40 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, Paimon thought we found it, but it doesn't seem to be here.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 40 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's keep searching somewhere else!

;(If Traveler goes to the path that was already traversed)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 41 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Seems we went the wrong way... Let's try a different path!

;(If the right path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 yoshiharu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' The horror~... The horrorrr~...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hello? Is someone there?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 yoshiharu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I will haunt you... and you shall know my horror~!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaa! Something's over there... Wait, Kazuha. Where are you going?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It sounds like something horrible happened to him. Maybe we should ask if there's any way we can help.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 yoshiharu 03.ogg}} '''???:'''...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 yoshiharu 04.ogg}} '''???:''' It's too late... I will haunt you...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 37 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See!? He said he doesn't need any help! Let's get out of here!

;(Talk to the hiding person)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 38 yoshiharu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh no, you spotted me!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 38 yoshiharu 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Shh! Please, not a word of this to anyone! Otherwise, they'll dock my pay.

;(Opening the common chest at the end of the right path)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 41 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have we reached the end? Paimon doesn't see anything here...

;(If the left path at the fork is taken)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 35 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You have no idea how long we've been waiting here! Hahaha! Let's go, Ushi!!!
:'''Ushi:''' Moo!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 35 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Huh? Who's there?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 35 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Weird... That short guy doesn't look very scared. C'mon Ushi, show 'em what you've got!
:'''Ushi:''' Moo, moo!!!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 35 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's what I'm talkin' about! You scared now!? Hahaha!!!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 35 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Ah. So, that's what's going on here... In this case, it might just be better to pretend to be scared.

;(Interact with the Dango Milk)
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm, it seems we'll be the first one to find it.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why do you say that?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I can sense a sweet aroma on the wind. The Dango Milk should be nearby.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really!? Let Paimon have a look here... Oh, you're right! There it is!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yippee! Who would've guessed we'd be the first ones! Hmm? But what's that scarecrow doing here?
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Careful...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaa!!! It... It's standing up! Is it alive!?
:{{DIcon}} Calm down.
:{{DIcon}} It's just a device meant to scare you.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Oh, well it sure worked on Paimon!
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that should be the end of it... right? There doesn't seem to be anything else around here.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It seems the test wasn't as scary as I had anticipated. However, I have enjoyed the experience together with you.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Now that we've found the Dango Milk, we can head back the way we came.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What's the matter? Is something over there?
:{{DIcon}} I saw someone I know just now...
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Ah, I see. So she is at the Test of Courage, too.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' To avoid any unnecessary complications, I'd prefer not to meet with her. You may pass on my regards.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There's a lot of Dango Milk here. I'll take half of it back and leave the rest to you.
:{{A|Vo sdeq001 39 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Till we meet again.
:;(Kazuha leaves)

----
;(Traveler and Paimon approach Ei)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ei?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! It's really you! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Oh, hello. Miko told me about the Test of Courage event taking place here. I thought I would come and have a look.
:{{Introductory Note|Raiden Shogun}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so that's why you're here. So, what do you think of the Test of Courage, are you having fun?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's more or less the same as I remember before.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I wasn't scared by anything... But on the contrary, some of the event participants were horrified the moment they saw me.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that Miko! Did she send Ei here to scare people on purpose!?
:{{DIcon}} Certainly seems that way.
:{{DIcon}} Sure sounds like something she'd do...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If that's the case, it feels like Ei isn't really experiencing the event like everyone else...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon has an idea! We'll give you a bottle of the Dango Milk we just found. That would make you a winner in this round, too!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ah yes, isn't that the dessert drink we had the last time we met? Sure, I'll take one.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Actually, I've sensed a familiar feeling ever since I arrived here. It's brought some old memories to mind.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? A familiar feeling?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Have you been down to the beach by any chance?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, we have.
:{{DIcon}} No, not yet...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I was just strolling nearby when I noticed a space at the beach with a familiar game set up on it.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I took a brief look, and it appeared to be a game where you control flippers hovering in the air to strike a ball and hit some positioned elemental cubes.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I saw the game was called "Akitsu Yuugei." I'm guessing it originated from "Akitsu {{Rubi|Hazura."|Haneasobi}} The thought of that game caused me to recall some things from the past.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Akitsu {{Rubi|Hazura?|Haneasobi}} What's that?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's a game where you use hagoita to hit a ball towards a set target. It was once quite popular during festivals.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Makoto also enjoyed playing Akitsu {{Rubi|Hazura|Haneasobi}} when she was alive. Hyakkiyakou was still around at that time, and nights in Inazuma were much more lively than they are now.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The youkai would hold festivals from time to time, gathering to drink, laugh, and play music...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, does that mean you could eat the delicious festival food whenever you liked?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. The youkai called their celebration the "[[Mikawa Flower Festival]]." Makoto and I attended it once... She found it particularly fascinating.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Sadly, the past has all but vanished. But seeing a game like that again does make me feel happy.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like it could be fun! Paimon would like to play!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' If you're interested, you can go to the beach and give it a try.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It was still being set up when I was there earlier, but I assume it should be ready soon.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I shall return to [[Tenshukaku]]. Miko told me that the Test of Courage consists of three rounds, so please keep up the effort and give it your best until the end.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Considering you two, I think you should have no problem making it to the end.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, of course! Hehe...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I know you can do it, good luck.
:;(Ei leaves)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't remember hearing anything about a game on the beach from Ayato... You think that activity's also planned by the Yashiro Commission?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, the more Paimon thinks about it, the scarier it feels... Ugh, this whole Test of Courage thing is keeping Paimon on edge!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 44 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, the first round of the event should be finished by now, so let's head back!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You heard about mysterious games on the beach from Ei. But it doesn't seem to be open yet. You should go back and have a look first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 45 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So? What'd you think? Do I know how to scare people or what!?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 45 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh uh, let Paimon think...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 45 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon was hiding behind you the entire time, so Paimon didn't really notice Itto scaring us at all...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 45 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon will leave this one to {{Traveler}}! So, was Itto scary or not?
:{{DIcon}} He was very subtle...
::{{A|vo sdeq001 45 itto 02a 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? No way! Listen, every time I made my move, I scared the living daylights out of everyone!
:{{DIcon}} You're the scariest oni ever.
::{{A|vo sdeq001 45 itto 02b 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh? Really?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 45 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Even I had no idea I possessed such talent... But this is just what I needed to hear! Now I'll show 'em &mdash; the gang will know just how terrifying their leader can be!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 45 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, I already figured out which path they'll be taking, so let's wait nearby and scare the pants off 'em!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 45 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahaha, now things are getting interesting! You ready? We've got people to scare!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|After you commented on Itto's scaring techniques, he decides to hide and scare the Arataki Gang's members a little...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Shh... I think we're getting close.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' C'mon c'mon c'mon!!! Can't let them see us!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, here they come... So how are you going to scare them, Itto?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Easy peasy. We'll wait for them to get real close, and then we'll jump out and shout together. They won't know what hit them!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What're we, a bunch of kids now...?
:{{DIcon}} I kinda doubt this will work...
:{{DIcon}} So what exactly were you practicing all this time?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, don't underestimate me. It may sound simple, but I know exactly what will scare them.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The gang's probably moping along on their way back, saying things like, "this is boring" and "let's go home."
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But it's dark and their guard is down &mdash; now's our chance. Having the three of us suddenly come flying outta the bushes is gonna scare 'em real good.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Before they come to their senses, we'll already be half-way to our next ambush spot!
:{{DIcon}} I guess it might work.
:{{DIcon}} Genius.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Shh! You hear that? Someone's coming. It must be them.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, I'll count us in, ready? We jump on zero! Three...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Two...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' One...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haaah!!!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wooga booga booga!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh!? Wait, you're not&mdash;
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;They're... They're...!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ghosts!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Ghosts!
:;(Both parties run off in opposite directions)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait, hold on a second.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh! Did you see that!? They were definitely not human!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So all the strange rumors about the Test of Courage are true... Oh, what should we do? Do you think the ghosts are coming after us?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha, Paimon, I didn't expect you to be such a baby!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you're one to talk! You were the first to start running! Don't make fun of Paimon!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, you shouted "ghosts," so my instinct to escort you two to safety kicked in.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' After all, real "ghosts" are terrifying, my skills are completely useless against 'em!
:{{DIcon}} So, why did we stop running?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, because I just realized that they were also running from us.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Which means they were afraid of us, too... And if that's the case, then there shouldn't be anything to worry about.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Now that I've calmed down, I'm starting to wonder if they were actually ghosts... They might have been people dressed up as ghosts to scare us!
:{{DIcon}} Were they sent by the Yashiro Commission then?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Definitely not. During the event, I took a little walk around the Chinju Forest and saw all the gimmicks that the Yashiro Commission had set up.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Those three weren't from the Yashiro Commission, but they did seem a little familiar...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' C'mon, let's go back there and take a look!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Now you wanna go back?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But... th&mdash;there's still a chance that they were real spirits, right?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we go back now, they might try to eat us...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's alright, Paimon. If you're scared, you can stay here. {{Traveler}} and I will go investigate.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Whew, that'd be great!
:{{DIcon}} But wouldn't it be more dangerous to stay here alone?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! The last mystery novel Paimon bought from Yae Publishing House had a plot just like that...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' During the investigation, whoever said "I'm not going" would always be the next victim.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, so on second thought, Paimon's going with you. Don't ever leave Paimon behind! EVER!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It looked like they were running that way. But it's hard to say exactly where they went, so let's split up!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But then you'll be all alone, which, according to the mystery novels, is super dangerous.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahaha! Don't worry about me. Once my rear's in gear, I'm not afraid of nothin'.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh~ Paimon has a bad feeling about this...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' They scared you that bad, huh? Looks like they really do have a knack for spooking people.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This time, I'll capture them and learn their art for scaring people! Anyway, I'll catch you around!
:;(Itto runs off)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And there he goes, running off and talking to himself... again.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, do we really have to go?
:{{DIcon}} We'd better go have a look.
:{{DIcon}} Just sitting here won't accomplish anything.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh fine, let's go take a look then.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 46 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But the second we see anything scary, we make a run for it! Got it?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|After you jumped out of the grass, you found out that the people on the other side weren't from the Arataki Gang. Both sides were startled by this encounter. After calming down, Itto decided to track down the three mysterious children...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we've already walked all the way here...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, wonder where those three went... Paimon didn't see them anywhere.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe Itto was right! Maybe they've been hiding. Seems like they're not scary after all!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you've come to your senses.
:{{DIcon}} You're finally back to your normal self, Paimon.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Listen up, you three little wimps! Paimon can already see you guys, so just come out and show yourselves!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaaah!!! There's someone actually here! Paimon's scared again!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Don't do it, Chizuru...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 03.ogg}} '''???:''' You can't give in to your desires... Others will suffer for it. You mustn't make the same mistake...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Just hold on a little longer... you've already come all this way, right?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, excuse us. Did you happen to see three rascals pass by here? Let Paimon tell you what they look like...
:{{DIcon}} Is it me, or does it look like she's burying something?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Are you... talking to me?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 06.ogg}} '''???:''' To... someone like me?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaaah!!!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 07.ogg}} '''???:''' You have no business coming here. You shouldn't be anywhere near me...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 08.ogg}} '''???:''' If you value your lives, you must leave immediately. Otherwise, your souls will be trapped here forever.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 chizuru 09.ogg}} '''???:''' I won't warn you again. Now, away with you... be gone...!
:{{Black Screen|The air is permeated with strange fragrance of flowers, which makes you drowsy...}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Wake up. Hey, Traveler... wake up!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Wh&mdash;What happened...?
:{{Introductory Note|Shikanoin Heizou}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Thank goodness you're okay.
:{{DIcon}} Heizou?
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Before we get to that, I think someone needs your attention first.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sobbing*... Please don't eat Paimon... Paimon doesn't taste very good.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Please! Avenge Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} Wake up, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} C'mon, wake up.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Are you here to rescue Paimon?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and Heizou's here too! Huh? What happened to that scary person just now? Did you manage to defeat her?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Scary person?
:{{DIcon}} There was a person wearing a weird outfit...
:{{DIcon}} And who spoke strangely.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Okay, I see...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I only found the two of you passed out here when I arrived. There was no one else around.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' What happened? Tell me all the details.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Heizou everything that just happened...}}
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As I suspected, there appears to be something more behind this Test of Courage event.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But let's get back to your original question, I haven't told you the reason I'm here.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The truth is, I was commissioned to come here for an investigation.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You were... commissioned?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's right. Some time ago, a peculiar game was discovered on the beach.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A peculiar game on the beach... Ohh, could it be the Akitsu Yuugei game that Ei mentioned?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ah, so you've heard of it...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The game quietly appeared some time ago and has since attracted some players. Apparently, it's very interesting.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' There was no one on the beach other than visitors and tourists when the game appeared. Imagine it like this: a stall suddenly appears on the street with no owner...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And stranger yet, it could operate normally without anyone supervising it. People at the beach can start the game simply by talking to the Bulletin Board...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could it be run by... ghosts?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Some tourists started to say that, and the rumor began to spread, until it became a full-blown ghost story. The further that story spread, the more plausible it seemed, causing people to be unwilling to go anywhere near the beach.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The [[Tenryou Commission]] wanted to close the beach in order to investigate the situation and dispel the rumors, but before they could do anything, the Yashiro Commission organized the Test of Courage event here.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' People that were initially scared by the rumors began to believe that the "beach game" was actually a preview event planned by the Yashiro Commission for the Test of Courage, so visitors have gradually returned again.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But I'm quite positive that the game never had anything to do with the Yashiro Commission...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so the Yashiro Commission were fully aware of all the spooky stuff going on, but they still decided to hold their event here?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... Ayato must be one of the smartest guys we know. What the heck was he thinking!?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 20.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Who knows? But I'd rather trust tangible evidence than speculate on his thoughts.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 21.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As for my commission, apparently someone reported that they found themselves trapped for hours on the beach while playing the game.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 22.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' According to his own account, he kept returning to the same location no matter which way he went, and even though his friends were nearby, they couldn't see him.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, that sounds so scary!
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 23.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Even though it was obvious that he wasn't telling me the whole story, the testimonies of his friends did validate that what he said actually occurred.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 24.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' On top of that, it was also this very incident that led to all the ghost rumors. No one dared to go near the beach until the Yashiro Commission announced the Test of Courage...
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 25.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Who set up the game on the beach? And why did the Yashiro Commission help them cover it up?
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 26.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I need to uncover the truth, so I'm here to investigate.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 27.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Anyway, don't mind me. Working together will only raise suspicion, so I'll undertake my own investigation for the time being.
:{{A|vo sdeq001 47 heizou 28.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' However, please proceed with caution. Based on my observations, most people are still unaware of anything happening here. Telling people that something's amiss might cause quite a stir.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Test of Courage
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Shdn Dhu
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Shdn Dhu
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Kimodameshi Taikai
|ja_tl   = Gathering for Test of Courage
|ko      =  
|ko_tl   = Courage Test
|es      = Prueba de valor
|es_tl   = Test of Courage
|fr      = Le test de bravoure
|fr_tl   = The Test of Bravery
|ru      =  
|ru_tl   = Test of Courage
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = i Hi Thi Gan
|vi_tl   = Test of Courage Festival
|de      = Probe des Mutes
|de_tl   = Test of Courage
|id      = Uji Keberanian
|id_tl   = Test of Courage
|pt      = Teste de Coragem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Cesaret Snav
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Prova di coraggio
|it_tl   = Test of Courage
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[pt-br:Teste de Coragem]]