{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11011
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Monoceros Caeli Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!
|character     = Tartaglia
|part          = 2
|description   = The Snezhnayan boy that you met by chance while investigating the [[Ruin Guard]]s turned out to be [[Childe]]'s younger brother [[Teucer]]. Childe requests that you keep his "identity"  a secret and that you give the boy a tour of Liyue.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Across the Sea
|next          = Defender of Childhood Dreams
|exp           = 625
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Chef Mao; Tartaglia; Felix; Granny Shan; Paimon; Slick Wu; Slippery Wu; Teucer; Traveler; Uncle Gao
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Teucer's Terrific Tour''' is the second part of [[Tartaglia]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Monoceros Caeli Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!]].

==Steps==
#Take [[Teucer]] out to the toy store
#Talk to Teucer
#Bring Teucer to [[Wanmin Restaurant]]
#Talk to Teucer
#Bring Teucer to the wharf
#Talk to Teucer
#Talk to Teucer
#Talk to Teucer
#Bring Teucer to where [[Childe]] is
#Complete the [[Treasure Hoarder]]'s test by obtaining the treasure
#*Claim the treasure within 80 seconds
##''(If you fail the challenge)'' Talk to [[Slippery Wu]] and attempt to obtain the treasure again
#Talk to the member of the Treasure Hoarders
#Go to Childe's location to look for Teucer
#Defeat all the [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]] recruits

==Notes==
*[[Co-Op Mode]] is locked between Steps 5–8.
*If the quest [[Home Lies Over the Ocean]] is active, complete the delivery of the letter to be able to bring Teucer to the wharf.
*Based on player testing, the lowest amounts a player can negotiate for is roughly:
**'''[[Granny Shan]]:''' ~8,000 Mora
** '''[[Chef Mao]]:''' ~8,000 Mora
** Note: The lowest amount a player can haggle varies, so there may be some variation in the above values.
*After haggling, the player may keep the remaining Mora given by Childe. This bag of Mora can be exchanged for regular Mora with [[Ekaterina]].

==Trial Character==
*If Childe is not already in your party, he will be added as a Trial Character during the Treasure Hoarder challenge and the sparring match against the Fatui recruits.
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 5
|character_name          = Tartaglia
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3
|weapon_name             = Polar Star
|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent5   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5
|hp5                     = 21,011
|atk5                    = 1,501
|def5                    = 755
|em5                     = 42
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 79.1%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%
}}

==Idle Quotes==
* "What a big metal hook!" (Teucer)

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Outside the Northland Bank)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we'll be hanging out with Childe's kid brother for a while...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' So, so, so where are we going to play first?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... how about we start with the {{Color|buzzword|toy store}}?

----
;(At the toy store)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Eh? What are those super-colorful winged things?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're called kites. The kids in Liyue love them!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 01.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Hello there, dear! You look like you've come a very long way. Let granny guess &mdash; from what you're wearing, I would say... Snezhnaya?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hee-hee, that's right. How do you play with these kite things, Granny?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 02.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' When the wind picks up, you let out the string, and whoosh! The kite will fly into the air, up, up and away!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Wow... that's amazing. Do you have any Mr. Cyclops ones?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 03.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Mr. Cyclops...? I'm sorry, I&mdash;
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I wanna fly Mr. Cyclops high into the sky so all the kids can get to know him!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 04.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Well, I can do custom builds, but I'll need some amount of reference material...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Will this picture do? I drew it myself. I bring it with me everywhere!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 05.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Hmm... I'll manage. Still, I must warn you that custom builds can really be quite expensive...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, we should be fine, Childe was pretty generous with that entertainment fund...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... But then again, throwing money around willy-nilly is, y'know, kinda irresponsible...
:{{DIcon}} What do you really mean...?
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 06a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, um, so... Yes, technically speaking, these funds are earmarked for Teucer's entertainment... But, if there's any left over when we're done...
:{{DIcon}} You think we should pocket the change?
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh-heh, your words not mine! But yes, we're on the same page here.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Either way... it's time to talk prices!
;(Opens the bartering menu)
:;(If the full price is paid)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 06.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' This price is fair. Well then, I'll get that custom order done for you.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 08a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, thanks, Granny!
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07a.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Worry not, just leave it to me.
:;(If the price is right)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07b 1.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' *sigh* Fine, fine. I've neither the time nor energy to bargain with you at my age. I suppose this price will do.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, thanks, Granny!
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07b 2.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Worry not, just leave it to me.
:;(If the price is too low)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07c.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Hmm, this price is a little too low...
:;(If the price is far too low)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07d.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' No, that won't do... This amount won't even pay for the materials...
:;(If bartering is unsuccessful)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07e 1.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Children, children, I do hope you're not trying to make a mockery of me.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07e 2.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' I'll stick to my price, and not a Mora less... If you seriously want this custom build, then I would hope you can be serious about the price.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 paimon 08e.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, Granny! We didn't mean it like that... Alright, Granny, we'll go with your price.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 1 grannyshan 07e 3.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' That's more like it. Not to worry, now. Just leave it to me.

:{{A|vo gzlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For our next stop... why don't we head to {{Color|buzzword|Wanmin Restaurant}}? It would be a mighty crying shame to come all the way to Liyue and never try the food!

----
;(At the Wanmin Restaurant)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 01.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Hello! Welcome! Table for three?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Whew, this restaurant has a really... choking smell...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 02.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' A "choking smell"? You must be referring to our signature spicy chili scent.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Spicy chili? But I... can't eat spicy food.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 03.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Ah, what a pity. A person who can't eat spicy food misses out on half of life's joys.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it really that bad?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' My meals have to have lots and lots of sugar, and the oil has to be extra virgin vegetable oil.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, we've got a real rich kid on our hands...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like Wanmin Restaurant's dishes aren't to Teucer's tastes... Maybe we should go somewhere else...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 04.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' &mdash;Will that be all? Any more special requests?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? What do you mean, Chef Mao?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 05.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Ha! Giving the people what they want is the very reason Wanmin Restaurant exists.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 06.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' If I thought for one second that I couldn't make a dish to satisfy this child's tastes, I would have absolutely no business calling myself a chef ever again.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, there seems to be a lot of professional pride riding on this...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then we'll leave it to you Chef Mao. We will be eating here after all.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Sure!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 07.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' But let me say this first: special requests are going to cost you more than normal.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 08.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Of course, we aren't going to demand prices anywhere near as exorbitant as the likes of Liuli Pavilion or Xinyue Kiosk.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it just Paimon, or are premium custom orders in fashion lately?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still... Hehe... Surely there must be a little room for negotiation, right?
;(Opens the bartering menu)
:;(If the full price is paid)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09a 1.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Done. I'll go prepare the food then.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 09a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! It's time for a nice meal!
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09a 2.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Please sit wherever you like. Your food will be with you shortly.
:;(If the price is right)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09b 1.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Ah, you folks... *sigh* Let's go with this, then. Any more haggling, and we'll ruin the other customers' appetites.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 09b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe. Thanks, Chef Mao!
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09b 2.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Please sit wherever you like. Your food will be with you shortly.
:;(If the price is too low)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09c.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' That seems a bit on the low side... You do realize these dishes will be prepared specially to your requirements, don't you?
:;(If the price is far too low)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09d.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Hey now, come on. I can barely cover the cost of the ingredients at that price.
:;(If bartering is unsuccessful)
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09e 1.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' *sigh* All this haggling and wrangling... At this rate, everyone's appetite will be ruined.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09e 2.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' I won't argue with you any further. You can take my price, or you can take your order elsewhere.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 09e.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, we're sorry, Chef Mao. We didn't mean to make you mad. We'll pay what you asked - all this bargaining's made us hungry too.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 5 chefmao 09e 3.ogg}} '''Chef Mao:''' Ha, now that's better! Go find a place to sit. Your food will be with you shortly.

:'''''You enjoyed a great meal in Wanmin Restaurant'''''

:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Blergh, it was a little... too sweet. Paimon feels a little sick...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I thought it was just right! Almost exactly like how sister [[Tonia]] makes it!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But this doesn't feel right, somehow... Didn't we bring Teucer here to try Liyue's specialties?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Meh, whatever. So, where do you wanna go next, Teucer?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' The {{Color|buzzword|wharf}}! I was so caught up looking for my brother when I first got here that I didn't get a good look around.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea. The hustle and bustle at the wharf is a specialty of Liyue Harbor too.

----
;(Arrive at the wharf)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Wow, this place is huge! And there's so many people!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Are the waves here always like this? Don't they ever freeze?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, given Liyue's climate, the area around the harbor's mouth probably never gets cold enough to freeze.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon is kinda the Traveler's exclusive personal tour guide, but... since this is a special occasion, Paimon can make an exception to help Teucer get to know the place.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place is Liyue's commercial hub, and it's been the biggest port in the seven nations ever since it was decided that Liyue would take on the world through trade.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Other than merchant vessels, many fishing boats and industrial transports dock here to replenish their, uh, fishery supplies and daily necessie&mdash; necessities, which, thanks to the... immense... throughput capacity of the wharf... Um...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, Teucer won't understand a word you're saying...
:{{DIcon}} How about a topic kids would be interested in...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Yeah, Paimon can't remember how the rest goes anyway...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, guess Paimon will just have to explain this Paimon-style! So, this harbor is like Teyvat's mouth, and it's the biggest mouth you've ever seen.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All the nations float their boats over the sea into the mouth. The harbor goes om-nom-nom-nom-nom and has a taste of each boat and the cargo it has on board...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, Liyue Harbor rubs its big round belly in satisfaction, because it's all stuffed full of delicious Mora!
:{{DIcon}} That's how you explain throughput capacity?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, this is all very... Paimon-style...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hey, what's that big metal hook over there? I wanna see!
:;(Teucer runs to the anchor)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Teucer, don't run off!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, after all that, he wasn't even listening!
----
;(Talk to Teucer at the anchor)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' That metal hook is huge! And it gets bigger the closer we get!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is an anchor. Docked ships use it to hold themselves in position, to stop the wind and waves from blowing them away.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hmm, an anchor... Got it.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' But I think I might get it mixed up with Commodore Hook...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Commodore Hook? Is this another one of your weird toy names...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' My brother always sends me a really big toy for my birthday.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Commodore Hook, Blacksteel Jack, Iron Tony... We keep them all in our backyard.
:{{DIcon}} Are they as big as that anchor?
:{{DIcon}} They're all made of metal?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yeah, and that's why I can't bring them with me all the time. It's a shame...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, using Fatui funds for personal gain. To think Snezhnaya would let their Harbingers do that, all for some giant toys...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But suddenly, it doesn't seem so strange that Teucer would treat a Ruin Guard as a giant toy...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 07.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' But my favorite has to be Mr. Cyclops. Even though I mostly came here to see my brother, the other big thing I wanted to do was play with Mr. Cyclops!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 teucer 08.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Ooh, are they selling fish over there? Let's have a look!
:;(Teucer runs to the fish stall)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Quit! Running! Off!

----
;(Talking to Teucer at the fish stall)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Is this where they sell fish? Wow, the fish here in Liyue are so... small.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 unclegao 01.ogg}} '''[[Uncle Gao]]:''' Hey! Whose fish are you calling small? Little kids shouldn't go around ruining others' business.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's just a curious kid... No need to get worked up...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That said... These fish are actually pretty big by Paimon's standards. Just how big are the ones you're used to, Teucer?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Um, maybe two hundred times your size?
:{{DIcon}} That's crazy big...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, that's still pretty small...
::{{A|vo gzlq002 11 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Two hundred of Paimon would squish you flat, you know!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:'''  There are legends in my hometown about it. It's supposed to be a super delicious fish.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I told my brother about it, and he went out to sea to catch one for me.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' A few days later, he returned with a humongous fish slung over his shoulder. Anthon and I were so happy...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure that was a fish? Paimon thinks it sounds more like some sort of... leviathan...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a topic that would interest [[Xiangling]]...
:{{DIcon}} Your brother spoils you too much.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 06b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hee-hee...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq002 11 teucer 07b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hey, (Mr. Nice Guy/Ms. Nice Lady), let's go over there to see the boats!
;(Teucer runs to see the boats)

----
;(Talk to Teucer as he looks at the boat)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong, Teucer? Are you tired? You don't seem so happy.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I miss my brother...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? But we were just with him!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yeah, but for such a short time that it doesn't count!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Take me to see my brother! I don't want to play anymore!
:{{DIcon}} That's children for you...
::{{A|vo gzlq002 12 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, you can have all the patience in the world, but it won't help you at a time like this...
:{{DIcon}} Guess we've got no choice...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we've played with Teucer long enough, haven't we? Paimon thinks we've tried our best here...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Childe said that he'd be by {{Color|buzzword|the river near Qingxu Pool}}. Why don't we look for him there?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 12 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yay! Let's go, let's go!

===Find Childe===
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Found him! There's Childe!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, he's talking to... the Treasure Hoarders?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You know what I'm here for, I trust?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 01.ogg}} '''[[Slippery Wu]]:''' Oh, you've got lip. Makin' us guess, are you?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 02.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' If you wanna join up, let me say this first &mdash; dandy kid like you? You ain't welcome.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh ho. What a commendable imagination.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well, in the [[Tsaritsa]]'s name. I suppose I should forgive you country bumpkins for your ignorance. For I am&mdash;
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Brother!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' You're selling them toys, aren't you, brother? That's so cool! I've always wanted to watch you work!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...Why, yes, of course! For I am, uh...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...The greatest toy salesman in Snezhnaya!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pfft...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' So cool!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 03.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' ...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slickwu 01.ogg}} '''[[Slick Wu]]:''' You playin' games, pretty boy?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...So, will you buy, or not? The toys that Snezhnaya produced three months ago will run you... yes, 600,000 Mora. To be paid in full.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 sneakywu 01.ogg}} '''[[Sneaky Wu]]:''' T&mdash;Toys? And h&mdash;how much money!?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 04.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Wow, is that what it's gonna cost to fix that head of yours?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 walla 01.ogg}} '''Treasure Hoarder Crowd:''' Hahahaha!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Look at that! Spreading joy and laughter to everyone &mdash; that's what toy selling's all about!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'll say it again. Toys from Snezhnaya, three months prior, 600,000 Mora, paid in full.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 05.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Yeah... No. Sorry, salesboy &mdash; the same joke isn't funny twice.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 06.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Or were you always cruisin' for a bruisin'?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' *sigh* Alright then, I'll make things a little easier for you. I'll join the Treasure Hoarders. Perhaps you'll be more willing to pay when we're brothers-in-arms?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 07.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Huh! Would you listen to yourself!? You think we just let any old person into the Treasure Hoarders? I'm not so sure you could hack it...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' *chuckles* Well then, why don't you put me to the test, dear seniors? I like to think of myself as quite talented in the field of treasure hunting.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 08.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Hmph, looks like you're not gonna pack it up until someone packs you in. Alright then. Show us what you got.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 09.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Truth be told, we've set up shop here because there's a fine little loot cave nearby. But the treasure hasn't been easy to get at. We've been at it for two days now.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 10.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' If you think you're up to snuff, why don't you have a crack at it on our behalf? 'Course, that means that once you've got it, it's ours. Don't you try to sneak off with the prize, now...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 sneakywu 02.ogg}} '''Sneaky Wu:''' Hahaha... Come on. If we can't do it, do you really think this guy stands a chance?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' An initiation test, eh? Interesting. It's been a while since I've been assessed by someone else.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 11.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' The loot's on the {{Color|buzzword|opposite cliff}}. We're gonna hang back here and watch the show...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' No problem. Don't blink, though, or you might miss it.
----
;(Talk to Sneaky Wu)
:{{A|vo dialog gzlq002 sneakywu 01.ogg}} '''Sneaky Wu:''' Seems mighty confident... Maybe he really does know a thing or two...

;(Talk to Slippery Wu)
:{{A|vo dialog gzlq002 slipperywu 01.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Huh! I for one would like to see what this dandy boy's made of...

;(Talk to Slick Wu)
:{{A|vo dialog gzlq002 slickwu 01.ogg}} '''Slick Wu:''' As long as I'm watching, he's not getting away with the treasure!

;(If the time challenge is abandoned or failed)
:'''''Quest Failed - Treasure not claimed in time'''''
:;(Talk to Slippery Wu again)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 slipperywu 11.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' The loot's on the {{Color|buzzword|opposite cliff}}. We're gonna hang back here and watch the show...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 14 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' No problem. Don't blink, though, or you might miss it.
----
;(After opening the Treasure Chest)
:'''''Childe returns to the Treasure Hoarders with the treasure in hand'''''

:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well, I have the goods. Here you go. So, how'd I do? Pretty well, I'd say.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slickwu 01.ogg}} '''Slick Wu:''' B&mdash;Brother... What do we do? This fellow isn't normal...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 01.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Please... hold on a moment, sir. We need to discuss something amongst ourselves.
:;(The Treasure Hoarders huddle together)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 02.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' He ain't here for an initiation. He just wanted to show off.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 sneakywu 01.ogg}} '''Sneaky Wu:''' Honestly, we'd be no match for him if he wanted to fight...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 03.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Guys... do you think that maybe...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 04.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' ...we're being robbed?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 sneakywu 02.ogg}} '''Sneaky Wu:''' I don't know... surely he wouldn't have come here all dressed up like that if he was only after us? Unless... Maybe his words have hidden meaning?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slickwu 02.ogg}} '''Slick Wu:''' Snezhnaya, three months, 600,000... Oh, I get it! It was insider talk!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slickwu 03.ogg}} '''Slick Wu:''' I remember that the boss took out a 600,000 Mora loan from that Snezhnayan bank about three months ago, and still hasn't repaid it.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 05.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' So this guy must be the debt collector... But why didn't he just say so? What's with all the toy talk?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slickwu 04.ogg}} '''Slick Wu:''' Haha, and that's where you're still green. See, in a lot of professions like this, people speak in code to protect the privacy of their business partners and clients.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 06.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Makes sense... Owing money is pretty embarrassing.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 sneakywu 03.ogg}} '''Sneaky Wu:''' This guy isn't one to mess with, I tell you. He's a professional. Way too professional.
:;(The Treasure Hoarders turn back towards Childe)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 07.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' So, Mister... Salesman. My apologies, but we can't have you joining us.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh? I didn't pass? I must say, I never imagined that the Treasure Hoarders would have such strict entry requirements...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 08.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' No, it's not that. What we mean is that you're too big a fish for our little pond.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 09.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' But we fully understand the situation with the... uh, toys, sir &mdash; we'll fetch that 600,000 for you right away.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I see. Well then, it's been a pleasure doing business with you. We get paid, and everyone stays happy. A wonderful outcome, wouldn't you say?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 slipperywu 10.ogg}} '''Slippery Wu:''' Yes, couldn't agree more, sir!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' That's my brother for you! Toy sellers are so cool!
:{{DIcon}} He's a bit of a special case...
:{{DIcon}} That went more smoothly than I thought...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 felix 01.ogg}} '''[[Felix]]:''' Ah, Master Childe, you're here.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 felix 02.ogg}} '''Felix:''' A new batch of fresh recruits have just...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey now, keep your voice down. Can't you see I'm entertaining some clients over here?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 felix 03.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Clients? ...Uh, well anyway, the motherland has dispatched a new batch of recruits to Liyue. They've just arrived, and I'm afraid we must trouble you to speak to them...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ugh, do I have to? Now is hardly the best time...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 felix 04.ogg}} '''Felix:''' I must apologize for troubling you, Master Childe, but they are already waiting for you {{Color|buzzword|south of Lingju Pass}}...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 felix 05.ogg}} '''Felix:''' Every new batch of recruits must be baptized by the Tsaritsa's will through the words of her Harbingers. This has always been our rule.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 felix 06.ogg}} '''Felix:''' At present, Master Childe, you are the only Harbinger in Liyue. Please, everyone is standing in formation and waiting for you to bestow this honor upon them...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well alright then, I'll go. Just give me a moment to catch up with my brother, and I'll be right with you.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Do you have to keep working?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Yes, Teucer. We have a group of new toy sellers fresh in from the motherland, and I need to go teach them the ropes.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Wow, that's great! When I grow up, I wanna be a toy seller too! Can I go listen?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 08a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 08b.ogg}}--> '''Childe:''' Hmm... I'm afraid you're still too young, Teucer. I'm not sure if you'd understand much of it, and most of it's rather boring, anyhow. Why don't you go play with the Traveler (guy/lady) instead? Sound good?
:{{DIcon}} You're dumping him on us, again?
:{{DIcon}} No.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 09b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Please. I'll compensate you...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' But... But...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I really do have to go now, Teucer. A lot of people are waiting to see me.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'll see you around, alright?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Childe really dotes on his brother, but now he's gotta ditch him again. Must be a really tough job...
:{{DIcon}} I think that covering it up is the tough part.
:{{DIcon}} It'd be a lot less tough if he just came clean...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right... He hasn't done himself any favors with the whole toy-seller cover story.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To think he'd go this far just to prevent his family from seeing his... dark side.
:{{DIcon}} He's being a bit overprotective.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe, but he has good intentions, doesn't he?
:{{DIcon}} I wonder how much longer he can hide it from Teucer...
::{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders too. But hey, let's at least help him out while we're all in Liyue...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... Where's Teucer?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Agh! We were too busy chatting! Where'd he go?
:{{DIcon}} I didn't notice...
::{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 07a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did he sneak off to follow his brother?
:{{DIcon}} At a guess, he probably snuck off to follow his brother...
::{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems likely! Teucer did seem really eager to hear his brother's speech...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 16 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Either way, let's head over there first!

----
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Teucer! So you did come here!
:{{DIcon}} Don't you ever run off like that again, young man!
:{{DIcon}} Your brother would have been worried sick.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Shh... Quiet, my brother's giving his speech!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...From this day forward, you will honor the oaths you have made to Her Majesty the Tsaritsa, and you will stop at nothing to bring Snezhnaya to victory.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You shall sweep through this land like the icy winds of the furthest north, as strong as the hoar frost of [[Zapolyarny Palace]]. You will chill the very marrow in our enemies' bones!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Her Majesty expects of you loyalty, ruthlessness, and meticulousness...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' For the trials that we face are harsh, and our enemies are like...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...
:;(Childe spots Teucer and Paimon waving at him, while the Traveler stares at him)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...Ahem, like kites and rattle drums...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Who shall become redoubtable foes of Mr. Cyclops in the marketplace of Liyue...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Uh&mdash;huh. Kites are really fun, too.
:<!--sic 'non voiced line'-->'''Fatui Recruit:''' ...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' This is, of course, an analogy. As they say, "the marketplace, too, is a battlefield."
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 fatuuisoldier 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruits:''' ...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So as your... sales manager here in Liyue, I demand that you obey my every order.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' A refusal shall be considered a betrayal, and the price for betrayal is to be dishonorably discharged from... Ahem, from the Liyue Institute of Toy Research.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Woah, that's really strict... Won't people be really sad if they get fired from the Institute?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 fatuuisoldier 02.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruits:''' ...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Eh... uh...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' (Seeking to please everyone pleases no one at all. Time to try something else...)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Forget it. Perhaps a round of hands-on training will suit us better.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 fatuuisoldiera 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruit:''' Hands-on... training?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' After all... a strong body is the proof of one's capacity.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 fatuuisoldierb 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruit:''' Hey. Did... did he just say that we're doing hands-on training?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 fatuuisoldierc 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruit:''' A Harbinger wants to spar with us personally? Wh&mdash;What an honor!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 fatuuisoldiera 02.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruit:''' I can't believe it... are recruits like us really worthy?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Am I hearing a hint of objection to this idea?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 fatuuisoldier 03.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruits:''' Not at all, sir!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' That's the spirit!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 18 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Now, come at me, you lot.

----
;(After the sparring practice)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well then. Do you all understand what I said earlier?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 fatuuisoldier 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruits:''' Yes, sir!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Excellent. And, you all almost managed to get me limbered up.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' In other words...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You have done well &mdash; for new recruits.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 fatuuisoldier 02.ogg}} '''Fatui Recruits:''' Thank you, Lord Harbinger!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Alright, hush now.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Now, then. I wish you all glorious victory &mdash; for Snezhnaya, for Her Majesty the Tsaritsa, and for yourselves.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Dismissed!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Brother! You were amazing!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, Teucer! What in the world are you doing here?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' There I was thinking that the Traveler had taken you to play at Wangshu Inn, haha!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes, that's some terrible acting.
:{{DIcon}} You really did get stronger.
:{{DIcon}} That was a good showing.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha. I told you, didn't I? I never pass on an opportunity to improve my strength.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm not the man I was when we first met.
:{{DIcon}} You didn't go all out, though.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 12a.ogg}} '''Childe:''' By that, I assume you mean that I didn't use the [[Foul Legacy Transformation]], yes?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't see your black armor anywhere.
::{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 12b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha. You must mean my Foul Legacy Transformation.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It puts a great strain on my body, so it's best saved for crucial moments.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I still haven't fully recovered from the injuries I suffered when I used it at the Golden House.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Anyway, I'm no [[Signora]] &mdash; I don't use lethal force against recruits, come on now...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' The Foul Legacy Transformation? Does it make you stronger than Mr. Cyclops?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You could say that.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I wanna learn to fight too. I wanna be cool like you!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Now, Teucer. Fighting isn't about looking cool. You can only continue to get stronger if you know the reason why you're fighting.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I can teach you. But think carefully, first. Why do you want to fight?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hmm?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I... I want to protect sister Tonia.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' That's a good answer, Teucer.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' When I return to Snezhnaya, I will start teaching you fighting techniques. Then, you'll have to protect Tonia for me. How does that sound?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hehe... Leave it to me!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, Teucer's a good kid when he's not being so stubborn.
:{{DIcon}} Agreed.
:{{DIcon}} Protecting family is an admirable motivation.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You've had a nice long time here in Liyue, haven't you, Teucer? Isn't it about time that you took the boat back home?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 07.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' But, but... but you've been so busy, and we didn't get any time to play together yet...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 22a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 22b.ogg}}--> '''Childe:''' Teucer, you know I'm very busy at work... And hasn't it been fun traveling all over the place with (him/her), a proper traveler?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (He's just worried he won't be able to keep up the toy seller act forever...)
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 08.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' W&mdash;Well, how about this? If you just do one little thing for me, I'll be a good boy and go back home!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 23.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh dear, who taught this little devil to bargain... *chuckle* Alright. What'll it be?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 09.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Take me to visit the Institute of Toy Research!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Do you think he means that ruin that the Millelith was telling us about? The one where all those Ruin Guards were coming from?
:{{DIcon}} A reasonable wish.
:{{DIcon}} A risky wish.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 24.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Done deal. After all, you've come all this way for me, Teucer...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 25.ogg}} '''Childe:''' As your brother, it's only right for me to grant you one last wish before you leave.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 10.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Exactly! Hee-hee.
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, are you sure this is a good idea? It doesn't seem like the best place for kids...
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 11a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gzlq002 19 teucer 11b.ogg}}--> '''Teucer:''' You should come along too, Traveler! This time, it's Teucer's turn to take you sightseeing!
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 tartaglia 26.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Let me think... Yes, the Institute of Toy Research is not far at all from {{Color|buzzword|Lingju Pass}}. Now, Traveler... you're not the sort of person who would disappoint a kid now, are you?
:{{A|vo gzlq002 19 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, the brothers are ganging up on us again... Fine! (Traveler) and Paimon will go.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Some of the Fatui Recruits were voiced by [http://www.franktodaro.tv/ Frank Todaro]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/FrankTodaroVO/status/1360358985749000194 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Teucer's Terrific Tour
|zhs     = 托克的璃月见闻录
|zhs_rm  = Tuōkè de Líyuè Jiànwén Lù
|zht     = 托克的璃月見聞錄
|zht_rm  = Tuōkè de Líyuè Jiànwén Lù
|zh_tl   = Record of Teucer's Experiences in Liyue
|ja      = テウセルの璃月見聞録
|ja_rm   = Teuseru no Riiyue Kenbunroku{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Teucer's Liyue Experience Record
|ko      = 테우세르의 리월 견문록
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El increíble tour de Teucer
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = L'incroyable visite de Teucer
|fr_tl   = The Incredible Visit of Teucer
|ru      = Невероятные приключения Тевкра в Ли Юэ
|ru_tl   = Teucer's Incredible Adventures in Liyue
|th      = ประสบการณ์ใน Liyue ของ Teucer
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyến du lịch Liyue của Teucer
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Teucers tolle Tour
|de_tl   = Teucer's Great Tour
|id      = Tur Hebat Teucer
|id_tl   = Teucer's Great Tour
|pt      = A Maravilhosa Tour de Teucer
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}