{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79079
|image         = Event Quest Text's Coda.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|characters    = Albizzi; Boborano; Cappet; Kirara; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Constellation Metropole 
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Narration Footnotes
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Primogem*20;Mora*10,000
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Text's Coda''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Simulanka]].

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later
# Go to the Future Marquis' Abode-to-Be and return the great clockwork key

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After everything has come to an end, it's time to spare a thought for how to deal with the great clockwork key. It's not like you can just hold onto it...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Albizzi, Boborano, and Cappet, optional)
:'''Cappet:''' Well, if it isn't the Marquis of Carabas, along with {{MC|m=his|f=her}} cat and little fairy?
:'''Kirara:''' Umm, I think we should probably stop this now. Surely it's time that {{Traveler}} and I dropped these roles?
:'''Boborano:''' In theory, it should all be over now. But I remember hearing that the point of the ceremony was to help people transition from one mental state to another.
:'''Boborano:''' To bid farewell to the title of Marquis of Carabas once and for all, you can bring things to a close with a touch of formality.
:'''Albizzi:''' "As the Nekomata bids farewell to her boots, through the reflection are we wiser to the nature of the truth."

;(Interact with the key base)
:{{DIcon|Key}} Operate
::Use Great Clockwork Key &times;1 to stop playing the part of the Marquis?
:;(Quest ends)

;(Investigate the clockwork key)<!--{{DIcon|Investigate}} Investigate-->
::(The key doesn't budge an inch. You start to doubt if you used enough force...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Text's Coda
|zhs      = 正文的尾声
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 正文的尾聲
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = エピローグ
|ja_rm    = Epiroogu
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 본문의 후일담
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El desenlace
|es_tl    = The Outcome
|fr       = Conclusion du texte
|fr_tl    = Text's Conclusion
|ru       = Финал текста
|ru_tl    = Text's Finale
|th       = บทส่งท้ายเนื้อหา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đoạn Kết Của Phần Chính
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Epilog des Textes
|de_tl    = Text's Epilogue
|id       = Kata Penutup
|id_tl    = Closing Remarks
|pt       = Epílogo do Texto
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Metnin Sonu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Conclusione
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[es:El desenlace]]
[[ru:Финал текста]]
[[pt-br:Epílogo do Texto]]