{{Event Tabs}}
{{Stub}}
{{Event
|name              = Teyvat's Special Delivery
|image             = Teyvat's Special Delivery.png
|type              = Web
|group             = <!--Flagship/Login/Submission-->
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-09-27 10:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-10-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/126112
|linkname          = Official Announcement
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/20240927gift-delivery-xmyq9b/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Traveler; Paimon; Kirara
}}
{{Description|With the festival approaching and a surge in deliveries, come and help Kirara deliver packages to share heartfelt wishes to everyone~ There's a special package waiting for you too!}}
'''Teyvat's Special Delivery''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 5.0]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
September 27, 2024 – October 07, 2024 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

===Eligibility===
Travelers who have reached Adventure Rank 10 or above can participate in this event.

===Event Description===
Travelers can obtain packages by completing tasks and choose the corresponding recipient to deliver the packages to different areas. When delivering the packages, you will also receive a gift from the recipient.
Complete all the package deliveries to unlock your anniversary gift, which includes a reward of Primogems ×40 and an exclusive fourth anniversary recipe!

===Obtaining Packages===
# There are a total of 6 packages that need to be delivered to different areas, with each area receiving only one package.
# Travelers can obtain packages by completing the following tasks: perform corresponding actions in Genshin Impact, such as daily logins or claiming commission rewards, or outside the game by watching Natlan trailers, visiting official social media, etc.
* Packages obtained from completing tasks need to be collected manually in the event page. Packages earned through daily tasks that have not been collected will also be reset when daily tasks are refreshed the next day, so remember to collect them!
* Daily Tasks will reset daily at 04:00. If Travelers try to visit the event around this time, they may encounter a brief network error. Please refresh the page if you encounter this error.
* After completing the package deliveries for all areas, you can continue to complete tasks and still receive packages, but you will no longer be able to make additional deliveries.

===Delivering Packages===
# After obtaining a package, Travelers can click on any area to make a delivery. Based on the recipient information on the package slip, select the correct recipient to start the delivery.
# After delivering the package, Travelers will receive a gift from the recipient.
# After completing all the package deliveries, Travelers will also receive a mysterious gift and an anniversary card. Sharing any anniversary card will earn you Mora ×20,000.
* If the recipient is selected incorrectly, the system will provide a prompt, and Travelers can choose again.
* Each area can only receive one package delivery.
* After successfully starting a delivery, the number of deliverable packages will be automatically deducted. Travelers can enter the delivery area repeatedly until the package is delivered.

==Event Rewards==
# The first time Travelers deliver a package to each area, they will receive in-game item rewards.
# The full set of rewards include: {{Item|Primogem|x=40|20}}, exclusive 4th Anniversary Recipe "{{Item|Delights of Wondrous Wanderings}}" ×1, {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=5|20}}, {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=3|20}}, {{Item|Sanctifying Unction|x=3|20}}, {{Item|Candied Ajilenakh Nut|x=1|20}}, {{Item|Rainbow Macarons|x=1|20}}, {{Item|Sprayfeather Gill|x=3|20}}, and {{Item|Mora|x=20,000|20}}.
* The fourth anniversary event-exclusive recipe "[[Delights of Wondrous Wanderings]]" can only be obtained through this web event and is not available through any other means.
* The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
<!--
==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = 
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp1     = 
|mission2 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp2     = 
|mission3 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp3     = 
}}
--><!--
==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|item1 = count
|item2 = count
|sort  = item1,item2
}}
{{Event Rewards
|type      = Event Items
|currency1 = count
|currency2 = count
|sort      = currency1,currency2
}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Teyvat's Special Delivery
|zhs     = 提瓦特心意速递
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 提瓦特心意快報
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = テイワット思いやり便
|ja_rm   = Teiwatto Omoiyari-bin
|ja_tl   = Teyvat's Thoughtful Delivery
|ko      = 티바트 마음 배송
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Entrega cordial de Teyvat
|es_tl   = Teyvat's Friendly Delivery
|fr      = Livraison spéciale de Teyvat
|fr_tl   = Teyvat's Special Delivery
|ru      = Особая доставка Тейвата
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = จัดส่งด้วยใจจาก Teyvat
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Món Quà Từ Teyvat
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Teyvats Sonderlieferung
|de_tl   = Teyvat's Special Delivery
|id      = Paket Spesial Teyvat
|id_tl   = Teyvat's Special Package
|pt      = Entrega Rápida de Teyvat
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Teyvat Özel Teslimatı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Consegna speciale di Teyvat
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[es:Entrega cordial de Teyvat]]
[[fr:Livraison spéciale de Teyvat]]
[[pt-br:Entrega Rápida de Teyvat]]
[[ru:Особая доставка Тейвата]]
[[vi:Món Quà Từ Teyvat]]