{{Item Infobox
|id           = 100413
|image        = Item Teyvat Wilderness Survivalist's Recipes.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = Field-cooking skills are paramount to surviving in the wilderness. Lynn, a 10-year [[Adventurers' Guild]] veteran, teaches you how to cook delicious and fulfilling food in times of emergency in the wilderness!
|source1      = [[Lynn]] Dialogue Reward
}}
'''Teyvat Wilderness Survivalist's Recipes''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained from [[Lynn]], near the [[Teleport Waypoint]] outside [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]].

==Text==
1. Barbecue Lizard

(1) Take a [[Lizards|lizard]] and remove its horns and guts. (2) Peel off the skin. (3) Skewer, and roast evenly on both sides till cooked through.<br>Horned Lizards are somewhat pungent and have a bitter aftertaste. The experience of eating it for the first time is often likened to sucking on an ammonia-soaked sweaty kerchief, but it is perfectly safe to eat. Those with standards should consider adding condiments to mask the natural flavor.

2. Dada Steak

(1) Take a freshly cut [[boar]] steak and salt on both sides (profuse sweaters may skip this step). (2) Wrap the steak in a thin cloth and strap it tightly to your back before engaging in a morning of intense physical activity. (3) Unwrap and enjoy!<br>Boar meat is packed with energy. Seasoned with ample [[salt]] and gently heated by body heat and the sun, it maintains its natural chewy texture while masking the strong gamey flavor. Serve with a thick slice of crusty bread and [[Wolfhook]]s for the ultimate treat!

3. Ice and Fire Salad

(1) Chop a [[Cryo Slime]] into small chunks (2) Chop a [[Pyro Slime]] into larger chunks. (3) Mix with assorted fruits and herbs. Add salt to taste.<br>The combination of refreshing ice, spicy heat and zesty fruits packs a powerful punch and is sure to be savored for some time afterwards.<br>If you notice an excessive change in the Slimes' body temperature during the preparation of this dish, be sure to promptly hit them with the blunt edge of your knife or with a baton to knock them unconscious. This is so as to avoid injury.

4. Stone-Baked Casserole

(1) Collect some stones and arrange them in a circle, then place a Pyro Slime in the center. (2) Build a stove using more stones and move the cooking pot into position. (3) Place wild game, vegetables, lizards, crickets, and [[Sweet Flower|sweet flowers]] into the pot. Cover with water and add salt. (4) Bring to a boil then simmer for at least half an hour.<br>This eclectic dish has something for everyone: from crisp crickets to luscious lizards, from the richness of wild game to the freshness of wild vegetables. It also goes a long way. You can add chunks of used Pyro Slime to your dessert, or mix them with broth to make a whole new dish.

==Trivia==
* The name Dada Steak may mean "very good steak," borrowing the word Dada from [[Hilichurlian]].<ref>{{Ref/Book|Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Teyvat Wilderness Survivalist's Recipes
|zhs     = 提瓦特野外救急食谱
|zhs_rm  = Tíwǎtè Yěwài Jiùjí Shípǔ
|zht     = 提瓦特野外緊急食譜
|zht_rm  = Tíwǎtè Yěwài Jiùjí Shípǔ
|zh_tl   = Teyvat Wilderness Emergency Recipes
|ja      = テイワットサバイバルレシピ
|ja_rm   = Teiwatto Sabaibaru Reshipi
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 티바트 야외 응급 레시피
|ko_tl   = Teyvat Outdoors Emergency Recipe
|es      = Recetas del superviviente en la naturaleza de Teyvat
|es_tl   = Recipes From the Survivor in the Wilds of Teyvat
|fr      = Recettes de survie dans la nature de Teyvat
|fr_tl   = Survival Recipes in Teyvat Wilderness
|ru      = Рецепты эксперта по выживанию
|ru_tl   = Survival Expert's Recipes
|th      = สูตรอาหารเร่งด่วนแห่งป่าของ Teyvat
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Công Thức Nấu Ăn Vùng Dã Ngoại Teyvat
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Rezept für Notverpflegung in Teyvat
|de_tl   = Recipe for Emergency Rations in Teyvat
|id      = Kumpulan Resep Alam Liar Teyvat
|id_tl   = Teyvat Wilderness Recipe Collection
|pt      = Receitas de Sobrevivência na Natureza de Teyvat
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Teyvat Vahşi Doğada Yaşam Tarifleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ricette di sopravvivenza nella natura di Teyvat
|it_tl   = Survival Recipes in the Wilderness of Teyvat
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Recetas del superviviente en la naturaleza de Teyvat]]
[[fr:Recettes de survie dans la nature de Teyvat]]
[[pt-br:Receitas de Sobrevivência na Natureza de Teyvat]]
[[ru:Рецепты эксперта по выживанию]]
[[uk:Кулінарний посібник Тейвата]]