{{Event
|name              = Thank You for Joining Us On This Journey
|image             = Thank You for Joining Us On This Journey.png
|type              = Mail
|type2             = Celebration
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2020-09-29 12:00:00
|time_end          = 2020-11-11 06:00:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/5802
}}
'''Thank You for Joining Us On This Journey''' is an [[Event]] during ''[[Genshin Impact]]''{{'}}s Global Launch.

After going live, we have once again experienced the passion and support of Travelers all over the world:
We have officially reached 10 million downloads globally, surging to the top of game rankings and recommendation charts across different regions and platforms.

This first journey together is precious to us, but not because it is a "first" &mdash; it is because of all of you, Travelers. To commemorate the onset of our journey, we will send all Travelers Intertwined Fate ×10 and a total of Primogems ×1,760 (Primogems ×160 per day) via in-game mail as a gift.

==Event Details==
{{Item|Intertwined Fate|20|x=10}}: This will be sent to Travelers on a one-time basis at 2020/09/29 12:00. All Travelers who create an account before the Version 1.1 update goes live and reach Adventure Rank 7 can collect this reward.
Daily Primogem Rewards: Must be claimed before 2020/10/11 23:59:59. Before then, Travelers who have reached Adventure Rank 7 can claim up to {{Item|Primogem|20|x=1,760}} sent via in-game mail. The 160 Primogems sent each day do not need to be claimed on that same day. However, they must be claimed before the end time (you will be unable to claim the rewards after that time). This reward will be first given out at 2020/09/29 12:00. On the second day and onward, the reward will be given out at 00:00 daily.
(Above times are all displayed according to your server time.)

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Intertwined Fate = 10
|Primogem = 1,760
|sort = Intertwined Fate,Primogem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}