{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19113
|image         = Hangout Event Thanks for Your Hospitality!.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Host's Invitation
|next          = Start Spreadin' the News
|next2         = Small-Scale Changes
|characters    = Traveler; Thoma
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Thanks for Your Hospitality!''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Housekeeper's Daily Chores}}.

==Steps==
# Look for Thoma at [[Komore Teahouse]]
#* Choose to spread the word. Go to [[Start Spreadin' the News]]
#* Choose to keep it within the [[Yashiro Commission]]. Go to [[Small-Scale Changes]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Thoma]] heads to [[Komore Teahouse]] first. He seems to be preparing something...}}
===Thanks for Your Hospitality!===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh, welcome! It must've been a while since you were last here.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Since it's about time to eat, I couldn't resist whipping up a little something for us.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So please, help yourself. Hope you enjoy it.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And... I can't claim to compete with the likes of [[Uyuu Restaurant]]'s chef, but I think I did alright.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' What's wrong? You look shocked!
:{{DIcon}} After that hot pot game, I figured self-sabotage was your cooking style...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Whoa, whoa, there's been a misunderstanding!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I admit, I may have added a few weird things to that hot pot. But it was just a game!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' For normal meals, I cook normal dishes. I am a housekeeper, after all &mdash; wouldn't have gotten very far without a few culinary skills!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Anyway, please dig in. I won't get the chance to cook for you like this every day.
:{{Black Screen|''You promptly polish off everything on the table.''}}
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, seems like my cooking has your seal of approval.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for your hospitality.
:{{DIcon}} It was delicious!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You're welcome. When you're out adventuring on your own, you've got to maintain your quality of life.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Take your cape, for example. I definitely see one or two loose threads there.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you ignore them, sooner or later the whole seam is going to come undone, and then you'll have a really tough time mending it.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let me sew it up for you later &mdash; I'm pretty handy with a needle and thread.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Speaking of housekeeping &mdash; I can say with confidence that you won't find anyone as handy around the home as I am.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Cleaning, cooking, and mending are among my greatest strengths. You can always feel free to hand me jobs like this.
:{{DIcon}} Housekeeping, huh...
:{{DIcon}} If this is your strength...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hmm? What is it?
:{{DIcon}} You could run a housekeeping class for the Yashiro Commission!
:{{DIcon}} This is how you can start winning more respect!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Wait... you're suggesting I teach housekeeping to the Yashiro Commission staff?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm not sure it would work... I doubt anyone would sign up for that class.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 20.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I just don't think it's realistic to change people's perception of me by showcasing my housekeeping skills... I'm surprised that whole matter is still troubling you, actually.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 21.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' With that being said, finding an opportunity to share some housekeeping wisdom with the Yashiro Commission would certainly be in people's best interests.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 22.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Life maintenance is important. You have to look after yourself if you're going to bring your best self to your work.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 23.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You know what? Let's give it a try! But first, how do you think I should promote it?
:{{DIcon}} We need to get out there and spread the word.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep it within the Yashiro Commission.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} We need to get out there and spread the word.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 24.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You think so? In that case, I need to prepare.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 25.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If I'm going to end up with a lot of students, I should make sure I have all the supplies I need for the class.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 26.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Tables and chairs I can sort out easily enough, but I'll need to stock up on materials and ingredients for the textiles and cookery segments...
:{{DIcon}} I can handle that.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 27.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Are you sure? That'd be greatly appreciated. Umm, let's see... to start with, I'll be needing {{Color|buzzword|Lavender Melon|link=Lavender Melon}}, {{Color|buzzword|Fowl|link=Fowl}}, and {{Color|buzzword|Flour|link=Flour}}.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 28.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Once we have all our essentials, we can figure out the next steps.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 29.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I really hope everything goes smoothly...
:;(Proceed to [[Start Spreadin' the News]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep it within the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 30.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright then. If we're only opening this up to Yashiro Commission staff, it shouldn't take too much preparation.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 31.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Tables and chairs I can sort out easily enough, but we'll need to think some more about how exactly to promote this.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911301 thoma 32.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's start by asking around at the Yashiro Commission headquarters.
:;(Proceed to [[Small-Scale Changes]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|zhs     = 多谢款待！
|zhs_rm  = Duōxiè Kuǎndài!
|zht     = 多謝款待！
|zht_rm  = Duōxiè Kuǎndài!
|zh_tl   = Many Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|ja      = ごちそうさまでした！
|ja_rm   = Gochisou-sama Deshita!
|ja_tl   = Thank You for the Meal!
|ja_note = This is a stock phrase required by Japanese etiquette at the end of a meal.
|ko      = 잘 먹었습니다!
|ko_rm   = Jal Meogeotsseumnida!
|ko_tl   = Thank You for the Meal!
|ko_note = This is a stock phrase required by Korean etiquette at the end of a meal.
|es      = ¡Gracias por su hospitalidad!
|es_tl   = Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|fr      = Merci pour votre hospitalité !
|fr_tl   = Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|ru      = Спасибо за гостеприимство!
|ru_tl   = Thanks for Hospitality!
|th      = ขอบคุณสำหรับการต้อนรับ!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cảm Ơn Đã Tiếp Đãi!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Danke für deine Gastfreundschaft!
|de_tl   = Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|id      = Terima Kasih Untuk Jamuannya!
|id_tl   = Thank You For the Dish!
|pt      = Agradeço pela hospitalidade!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Konukseverliğin İçin Teşekkürler!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Grazie per l'ospitalità!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}