{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41120
|type          = World
|image         = 
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|summary       = Sister Grace is worried about the people out in the wilderness of Mondstadt, and she asks the Traveler to warn them of possible dangers from the meteorite shower.
|requirement   = Complete [[Unknown Star]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Fading Star's Might|20}}
|characters    = Doolan; Grace; Lynn; Paimon; Patchi the Curious; Terrified Schuster; Traveler; Vind
}}
'''''That Which Fell From the Sky''''' is one of the quests during the first phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Unknown Star. The player must complete [[Unknown Star]] to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Grace]]
# Talk to [[Lynn]]
# Talk to [[Doolan]]
# Look for [[Terrified Schuster]]
# Talk to [[Vind]]
# Defeat all monsters
# Talk to Vind
# Report back to Grace

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Due to the constant descent of meteorites from the sky, it has become too unsafe to go outside. Sister Grace is very worried about those people who linger out there in the wild...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Grace)
:'''Grace:''' I pray that everyone remains safe...
:{{DIcon}} Something on your mind?
:'''Grace:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. I suppose you've seen the meteorites too, haven't you?
:'''Grace:''' Fortunately, none of them landed inside the city, but I'm worried for those who are still outside. It must be a huge mess at the moment.
:'''Grace:''' Traveler, could you please help us warn them?
:'''Grace:''' If they're willing, please invite them to seek shelter within the city.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
::'''Grace:''' Many thanks, Traveler!
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't any of the meteorites land inside the city?
::'''Grace:''' Perhaps it was just good fortune. Whatever the case, the city of Mondstadt is the safer place to be for now.
::'''Grace:''' At least, it's better than being outside the city... wouldn't you say?
:'''Grace:''' You can look for Lynn first. Perhaps she knows who is and isn't still lingering in the wilderness.
:'''Grace:''' Do try to convince her to seek shelter in Mondstadt herself.
:'''Grace:''' This... really isn't the time for "surviving in the wilderness."

;(Talk to Grace again)
:'''Grace:''' I pray that everyone remains safe...

----
;(Talk to Lynn)
:'''Lynn:''' These conditions do make surviving in the wilderness quite challenging, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Please seek shelter inside Mondstadt.
:'''Lynn:''' Seek shelter? Oh, don't worry about me. I'm always watching my surroundings. I'll be fine.
:'''Lynn:''' That said, why are you still out here? You should head back to Mondstadt &mdash; you might get hit by one of those meteorites.
:{{DIcon}} Why, yes - on the topic of people still out here...
:'''Lynn:''' People still out here? There's a lot of them, actually &mdash; why do you ask?
:{{DIcon}} To get them to seek shelter.
::'''Lynn:''' Oh, so that's what it is... The Guild actually sent out commissions to that effect. I've notified quite a few people nearby myself.
:{{DIcon}} Sister Grace is very concerned about them
::'''Lynn:''' Grace? So you're here on her behest... Actually, the Guild's sent out commissions to that effect, and I've notified quite a few people nearby myself.
:'''Lynn:''' Those closer to the city have all gone inside to seek shelter.
:'''Lynn:''' But we've been unable to get that many adventurers on the case due to a manpower shortage, so there's still quite a few people who have gone unnotified. If you're willing to help, that would be great.
:'''Lynn:''' Give me a moment to remember who's still out here...
:'''Lynn:''' Ah, that's right! I believe Patchi and Doolan are still at the Thousand Winds Temple. I've tried to warn them, but they insisted on continuing their research there.
:'''Lynn:''' There's also Vind, who's remained at Stormbearer Point all this while. The Guild asked me to look for her a few times, but I was never able to find her.
:'''Lynn:''' That's all the people who come to mind for now. I guess you can start with them.
:'''Lynn:''' As for me, I'll give the area another sweep and notify anyone I can find once I'm done preparing some food and other necessities.
:'''Lynn:''' Let's just hope they haven't run off too far, or it'll be hard for them to return to the city even if we do find them.

;(Talk to Lynn again)
:'''Lynn:''' Looking for people out in the wilderness... Yeah, I guess that's part of survival training, too.

----

;(Talk to Doolan)
:'''Doolan:''' This is no time for research, we should find a place to take cover!
:'''Doolan:''' I've said it before, and I'll say it again. I'm not letting this opportunity slip by.
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me, please seek shelter within Mondstadt.
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' This again? Now isn't the time for seeking shelter. These meteorites may yet present us with an opportunity to get deeper inside the Thousand Winds Temple.
:{{DIcon}} Deeper inside the temple?
:'''Doolan:''' Patchi says that if a meteorite hits the Thousand Winds Temple, we'll be able to follow its path into the temple's inner chambers... or whatever else may be underneath.
:'''Doolan:''' But this is wishful thinking. It a meteorite does strike the temple, we wouldn't be able to get away in time.
:'''Doolan:''' We should really take cover somewhere. And if a meteorite were to hit the Thousand Winds Temple and open a path beyond, couldn't we just come back later and explore it then?
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' But what if someone gets there before we do? If you want to go back, go yourself. I'll wait here.
:'''Doolan:''' But... Alright, then. I'm sorry, Traveler, but I think the two of us will stay here for a while more.
:'''Doolan:''' Don't worry. If there's any danger, I... I'll settle it myself.
:'''Doolan:''' Oh, that reminds me... There was a person named Schuster who passed this way earlier, looking all shaken up...
:'''Doolan:''' He asked me for a sip of water, before saying that he had to get to Mondstadt and hurrying off.
:'''Doolan:''' But he wasn't running in the direction of the city at all &mdash; he was headed towards Stormbearer Point instead.
:'''Doolan:''' Perhaps... he might have forgotten the way in his fright.
:'''Doolan:''' You should also head that way and look for him near Stormbearer Point. I can't imagine what might happen if he runs into some monsters...
:'''Doolan:''' I'll keep Patchi company here and if something really does happen... Um, I'll handle things myself.

;(Talk to Doolan again)
:'''Doolan:''' Why don't we go back and seek shelter? We can return and continue our research once it's safe.
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' I've said it a thousand times already, you can go back yourself. I won't let anyone beat me to this discovery!
----
;(Look for Terrified Schuster)
:'''Terrified Shcuster:''' Agh! Y-You... Oh, you're not a monster...
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me, please seek shelter within Mondstadt.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I&mdash;I know that I should! Why, I'm out here notifying people to seek shelter as well. I might have taken a few extra turns, yes, but still&mdash;!
:{{DIcon}} Alright, so why are you hiding over here, then?
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I... I'm resting! Something wrong with that? D&mdash;Don't you worry about me! Just head back to Mondstadt... or something.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Meteorites and monsters... Does anyone out and about at this time have anything in their braincases at all?
:{{DIcon}} Well, are there any other people out and about right now?
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I was looking for Vind, actually... by which I mean that nun who is always seen around Stormbearer Point.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I searched that entire area, but I couldn't find her, so I went somewhere else to try my luck there...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' But I was discovered by a group of crazed monsters instead. Just barely escaped them.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I twisted and turned this way and that, all the way back to Stormbearer Point &mdash; still no sign of Vind.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I can only hope that nun's already back inside Mondstadt...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Alright, I'm heading back to the city. You should go back as well. This is no time to be taking outdoor strolls...
----
;(Talk to Vind)
:'''Vind:''' Hmm? What brings you here, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Where have you been?
:'''Vind:''' Oh, I'm sorry. I was walking around, watching the ocean, so I probably wasn't all that easy to find... Is something the matter?
:{{DIcon}} Could you please return to Mondstadt to seek shelter?
:'''Vind:''' Seek shelter? Ah, you're referring to those meteorites. I understand, but...
:'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Watch out! We've got monsters incoming!
:'''Paimon:''' Where did these guys come from... Let's take them out, and quick!
----
;(After defeating all monsters)
:'''Vind:''' Phew... Thank you, that was quite a close call.
:{{DIcon}} And that's why I asked you to seek shelter.
:'''Vind:''' I'm sorry, but I can't go back right now. These meteorites are strange enough as it stands...
:'''Vind:''' In times like this, it wouldn't be surprising if a storm were to churn the seas again.
:'''Vind:''' I must keep watch here. If a storm does occur, I must be able to warn the city immediately.
:'''Vind:''' Thanks for informing me, though. I'll be more careful.

;(Talk to Vind again)
:'''Vind:''' Let's hope that a storm doesn't come...
----
;(Report back to Grace)
:'''Grace:''' You're back. Have you managed to notify all of them?
:{{DIcon}} Yes. None of them want to return right now, though...
:'''Grace:''' They all refused? One wonders what important tasks they must have, that they should feel compelled to stay in the wilderness at a time like this.
:{{DIcon}} Guess that's the free people of Mondstadt for you...
:'''Grace:''' Haha, that's true. The people of Mondstadt are as free as the wind, indeed.
:'''Grace:''' Still, I do wish that they could rein it in at times.
:'''Grace:''' *sigh* The Knights likely have their hands full as well. It's alright - I will think of some other way to convince these people. Thank you, Traveler.
:'''Grace:''' I pray that everyone remains safe...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = That Which Fell From the Sky
|zhs     = 天降的某物
|zhs_rm  = Tiānjiàng de Mǒu Wù
|zht     = 天降的某物
|zht_rm  = Tiānjiàng de Mǒu Wù
|zh_tl   = The Certain Object that Fell From the Sky
|ja      = 空から落ちてくるある物
|ja_rm   = Sora kara Ochite Kuru Aru Mono
|ja_tl   = That Which Fell From the Sky
|ko      = 하늘에서 떨어진 무언가
|ko_rm   = Haneul-eseo Tteoreojin Mueonga
|ko_tl   = Something that Fell from the Sky
|es      = Objetos caídos del cielo
|es_tl   = Objects Fallen From the Sky
|fr      = Chute céleste
|fr_tl   = Celestial Fall
|ru      = Падение с небес
|ru_tl   = Fall from the Heavens
|th      = วัตถุลึกลับจากฟ้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vật lạ trên trời rơi xuống
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die, die aus dem Himmel fielen
|de_tl   = The Ones, That Fell From The Sky
|id      = Sesuatu yang Jatuh dari Langit
|id_tl   = Something which Fell from the Sky
|pt      = Aquilo que Caiu do Céu
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ru:Падение с небес]]