{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00372
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 That Green Fellow.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = Unexpected Encounter
|next          = Let the Wind Lead (Quest)
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 5,450
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|2,850}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|×5}}{{Card|Clear Dvalin Tear|1}}
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Find the Green Fellow
# Listen to the Bard's performance
# Talk to the mysterious bard

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you were heading out to investigate, you happened upon the mysterious guy that you saw talking to the dragon.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Cinematic – listen to the Bard's performance)
::What is to be sung transpired in days of yore,
::When the divine archons still walked the earth.
::A [[Dvalin|dragon]] cast his curious gaze on the world below
::As he parted from the heavens that gave his birth.
::The dragon sought truth amongst common folk,
::But mortal trifles only fogged his mind.
::The [[Barbatos|windborne bard]] strummed his strings dolce
::And the Holy Lyre answered his questions kind.
::The dragon was but a child full of wonder,
::And soared the heavens free from care.
::The bard's songs invited him to sing along,
::For he yearned to let all perceive him fair.
::Enchanting legends the bard and dragon were,
::But the tides of despair soon engulfed the land;
::The lion fang perished<ref group="Note">During this time, the Lionfang Knight was [[Arundolyn]], who actually did not perish; it was his friend and prospective successor, the Wolf Pup [[Rostam]], who died. However, Arundolyn gave up fighting after Rostam's death, leaving him unavailable to fight Durin.</ref> and the falcon flag slept.
::As a [[Durin|vile dragon]] approached Mondstadt in lone stand,
::Over the Cathedral loomed death and his friends.
::Of the people's agony the bard soon sang.
::The soaring dragon heeded his grave calls,
::And amidst the windstorms a brutal war sprang.
::Blood of venom sent the sky dragon into slumber,
::Only to awake to be expelled in abhor.
::"Why do people in this age loathe me so?"
::But the Holy Lyre replied no more.
::Wrath and woe, vigor and venom,
::Poured from the dragon's bitter eyes.
::The dragon's curse sprawled in silence,
::But the Lyre could no longer soothe his cries.

;(Talk to the mysterious bard)
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Green Fellow:''' Wait, you guys are...
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Green Fellow:''' Oh, that's right! You're the ones that scared [[Dvalin]] away.
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dvalin? Who's that?
:{{DIcon}} That's Stormterror's real name.
:{{DIcon}} Lisa told us already, weren't you listening?
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? ...Oh, right. Most people seem to call him "[[Stormterror]]."
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why do you call him that... are you two meant to be close or something?
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Green Fellow:''' Oh, so close...
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, (Traveler). Paimon thinks this guy has a screw loose...
:{{DIcon}} Ahh... hi.
::{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Green Fellow:''' Good day, outlander. Seems we meet again.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, you are...?
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'm Venti the bard.
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Three-time winner of the "Most Popular Bard of Mondstadt," to be precise.
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, what do you need from me?
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Given you recognize us, Paimon doesn't believe we need to explain any further.
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course it's about Stormterror.
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Storm...?
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Cut it with the amnesia act!
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), show it to him.

:{{Color|menu|You show the crystal to Venti...}}
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh! Isn't this&mdash;
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? The crystal has been purified!? When?
:{{DIcon}} Not sure how this happened.
:{{DIcon}} The last time I checked, it was full of impurities.
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Dvalin, he...
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The anguish he feels... has brought him to tears...
:{{A|vo mdaq040 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tears...?

;(Cinematic)
:{{A|vo mdaq040 2 cs venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' He was once such a gentle child. Now so full of rage and suffering...
:{{A|vo mdaq040 2 cs venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I also came across a [[Teardrop Crystal]].
:{{A|vo mdaq040 2 cs venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Can you purify it?

:{{Color|menu|Venti hands you another Teardrop Crystal, and you purify it for all to see...}}
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehhhh!?
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You... really do have some wonderful abilities...
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Someone like you is going to end up getting written into a bard's poem.
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, a hero so bright, should {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} stand in the light. Though stand in the shade, and you'll be met by a blade...
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Alas... I've really not the time to compose a melody for you at this moment.
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anyway, even if Dvalin is not taken down, his life will still wither away in the breeze...
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' He'll burn himself out in the flames of anger...
:{{DIcon}} I also feel sorry for Dvalin.
::{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 07a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Thank you for that, and you for purifying the Teardrop Crystal.
::{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 07a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But I have my own plans for what is to follow.
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything I can do to help?
::{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 07b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I really must thank you for purifying the Teardrop Crystal, it has helped me greatly.
::{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 07b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But I've already come to devise my own plan.
:{{DIcon}} As a knight, I suggest you turn yourself in along with the dragon.
::{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 07c 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Do you really deem that necessary?
::{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 07c 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You can forget about me turning us in for now... I have another plan.
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? And what plan would that be?
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Seeing this tear has brought to mind a friend so dear.
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Friend?
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Heh-heh, one must be going.
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Where're you running off to!?
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' To the "Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero." Bye-bye~
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... (Traveler), what do you make of that?
:{{DIcon}} This "weirdo" as you put it &mdash; we need to keep an eye on him...
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As far as he's concerned, you're a weirdo too ya know...
:{{DIcon}} You know...
:{{A|vo mdaq041 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Know what?
:{{DIcon}} His voice seems familiar...
:{{A|vo mdaq042 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Familiar? I don't know... You're alone on that one...
:{{A|vo mdaq042 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But did he just say "Symbol of Mondstadt's Heroes"? What could that be?
:{{A|vo mdaq042 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows! It's that huge tree.
:{{A|vo mdaq042 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, the gigantic one! You can't miss it, surely you still remember!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/ecUrdbDcWt8
|caption1 = Quest Guide
}}

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = That Green Fellow
|zhs     = 那个绿色的家伙
|zhs_rm  = Nàge Lǜsè de Jiāhuō
|zht     = 那個綠色的傢伙
|zht_rm  = Nàge Lǜsè de Jiāhuō
|zh_tl   = That Green Fellow
|ja      = あの緑のやつ
|ja_rm   = Ano Midori no Yatsu
|ja_tl   = That Green Fellow
|ko      = 그 초록색 녀석
|ko_rm   = Geu Choroksaek Nyeoseok
|ko_tl   = That Green Guy
|es      = La persona de verde
|es_tl   = The Person in Green
|fr      = Ce jeune homme en vert
|fr_tl   = This Young Man in Green
|ru      = Парень в зелёном
|ru_tl   = Boy in Green
|th      = เจ้าเสื้อเขียวนั่น!!!
|th_rm   = Chao suea khiao nan!!!
|th_tl   = That Green-Shirted Person!!!
|vi      = Tên Nhóc Màu Xanh Đó
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Typ in Grün
|de_tl   = The Guy in Green
|id      = Pria Berbaju Hijau
|id_tl   = Man in Green
|pt      = O Sujeito de Verde
|pt_tl   = The Subject in Green
|tr      = Yeşilli Kişi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Quel ragazzo in verde
|it_tl   = That Boy in Green
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:La persona de verde]]
[[fr:Ce jeune homme en vert]]
[[id:Pria Berbaju Hijau]]
[[ja:あの緑のやつ]]
[[pt-br:O Sujeito de Verde]]