{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest That Which Our Ancestors Entrusted.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Watatsumi Island
|subarea       = Sangonomiya Shrine
|event_name    = Three Realms Gateway Offering
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Did not complete [[Erebos' Secret]] before the start of [[Three Realms Gateway Offering]]
|startLocation = [[Sangonomiya Shrine]], [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|next          = The Three Great Martial Trials
|other         = 
|characters    = Eboshi; Traveler; Tsuyuko; Paimon
}}
'''''That Which Our Ancestors Entrusted''''' is an Event Quest during ''[[Three Realms Gateway Offering]]'' that leads to the World Quest Series ''[[Erebos' Secret]]'' if the player has not started it.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Sangonomiya Shrine]] and talk to [[Tsuyuko]]
# Investigate [[the Serpent's Heart]] during Evernight

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Concerned about the progress of the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]], you decide to visit Sangonomiya Shrine...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon logging into the game)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Paimon wonders how the Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri preparations have been going.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go see Tsuyuko, shall we?

;(Talk to Tsuyuko)
:'''Tsuyuko:''' A breeze from the south blew across Watatsumi Island today &mdash; a sure sign that friends would come visit.
:'''Paimon:''' Every time you say something like this, that means things are about to get busy... for us.
:'''Tsuyuko:''' Oh, don't say that. Haven't we had a fruitful partnership? The most fruitful sort, in fact.
:'''Tsuyuko:''' That said, I do have something to ask of the two of you today.
:'''Tsuyuko:''' It is told in my family that apart from the Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri, we also added a different set of trials. One unrelated to Watatsumi Island's survival, but instead, related to the truth.
:'''Paimon:''' Another... set of trials?
:'''Tsuyuko:''' Now that the island is no longer under existential threat, I would just like to tell you this. Consider it our clan's duty.
:'''Tsuyuko:''' You can go to the place they call the Serpent's Heart. The clues to this second set of trials is hidden there.
:'''Tsuyuko:''' ...Well, that's a relief! Guess I can safely hand this crushing responsibility on to my future daughter now.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Is that how you pay respect to your ancestral mission?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon still doesn't get you even after all this time, Tsuyuko...

;(Talk to Eboshi)<!-- everything below should be the same as the first part of the World Quest "The Three Great Martial Trials" -->
:'''???:''' That I have appeared before you must mean that the [[Bloodbranch Coral]] is in Watatsumi's hands. And a most comforting thought that is.
:'''???:''' My name is Erebos. In the Inazuman tongue, that would be [[Eboshi]]. I am an auxiliary of Sangonomiya, one of the shrine maidens of [[Enkanomiya]].
:'''Eboshi:''' You must be the hero who obtained the coral, I suppose?
:{{DIcon}} That would be me.
:'''Eboshi:''' My apologies, but that which I shall shortly speak of is a most complicated matter. In truth, I do not know where to begin.
:'''Paimon:''' Just start from the start! We'll listen!
:'''Eboshi:''' You have my gratitude. In that case, allow me to introduce such matters as I may to you. We must begin with [[Orobashi|Watatsumi Omikami]] opening the gate to the depths.
:'''Eboshi:''' The depths of Enkanomiya play host to a natural cave system that leads to Watatsumi Island. This is the paradise that was promised to us by Watatsumi Omikami.
:'''Eboshi:''' At Omikami's instruction, we learned the culture of Narukami, and we established foreign relations with many different nations.
:'''Eboshi:''' [[Narukami Island]] even knew us as the "beauties of Watatsumi," renowned for our soft skin, which would conceal seven types of skin blemish...
:'''Eboshi:''' ...This, of course, being mostly a consequence of our ancestors' lack of sunlight in the depths of Enkanomiya...
:{{DIcon}} Uh, could we get to the point?
:{{DIcon}} This feels like old news. Could we get to the point?
:'''Eboshi:''' Ah, sorry. During the process of establishing foreign relations, I would give guided tours to visitors in my role as a Sangonomiya auxiliary, so I just...
:'''Eboshi:''' Right. Back to the point. Lady Sangonomiya and I had a disagreement, which resulted in the current arrangement, following Watatsumi Omikami's mediation.
:'''Eboshi:''' Due to the phenomenon known as Sinshades, the "past," "history," and "truth" of Enkanomiya would endure even if left to their own devices.
:'''Eboshi:''' As such, great effort was expended, not that we might remember, but that we might "forget." Lady Sangonomiya was of this view.
:'''Paimon:''' (The Sangonomiya she's talking about must've been from a real long time ago...)
:'''Eboshi:''' The trial to obtain the branch was intended to limit the number of people coming after us who could know the whole truth of the matter.
:'''Eboshi:''' As for me, I supported leaving records of the truth. As such, Watatsumi Omikami permitted me to add another trial path that, if passed, would lead to knowledge of our secrets.
:'''Eboshi:''' Please accept this challenge.
:{{DIcon}} I accept your challenge.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, secrets. I like secrets.
:'''Eboshi:''' That is well. In that case, allow me to open that path for you.

;(A cutscene plays and three new subareas are revealed)

:'''Eboshi:''' The three trial areas have been prepared.
:'''Eboshi:''' Now, allow me to give you the clues to clearing them.
:'''Eboshi:''' Now, in this Evernight, gaze upon the borders of Byakuyakoku.
:'''Eboshi:''' "In the faintness of everlasting night, beyond the rushing of the river Styx, within the sinless flow of heavenly light."
:'''Eboshi:''' Release the seal on The Emanant Skylight. Then, you may ascend to the Gate of Heaven and access the site of the trial.
:{{DIcon}} The Emanant Skylight?
<!-- The dialogue commented out below doesn't actually show up. The dialogue should be the same to part 1 of The Three Great Martial Trials. -->
<!-- :'''Eboshi:''' It is one phase of the ritual in which you must display the Reins of Revival that you obtained. It is the highest symbol of authority in Byakuyakoku, and it will grant you passage. -->
:'''Eboshi:''' At night, you can see three pillars of light that descend from the dome above. These pillars point unto The Emanant Skylight.
<!-- :'''Eboshi:''' Take the Reins of Revival there, and you will understand. -->
:'''Paimon:''' You're speaking in riddles!
:'''Eboshi:''' Sorry, this is how the script written by Watatsumi Omikami reads. And I mean, aren't unclear instructions also part of the tradition of such trials?
:'''Eboshi:''' Whatever the case may be. All the Jibashiri at the trial area are weirdos. If you don't pass through the teleporter to get there, they won't speak gently to you.
:'''Eboshi:''' Either way, I can only stay here and hope that you will conquer all the obstacles set before you, and that you will return crowned in recognition.
;(Quest ends, proceed to Step 2 of [[The Three Great Martial Trials]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = That Which Our Ancestors Entrusted
|zhs     = 御先祖大人的委托
|zhs_rm  = Yù Xiānzǔ Dàrén de Wěituō
|zht     = 御先祖大人的委託
|zht_rm  = Yù Xiānzǔ Dàrén de Wěituō
|zh_tl   = Honorable Ancestors' Entrustment
|ja      = 御先祖様の依頼
|ja_rm   = Go-senzo-sama no Irai
|ja_tl   = Honorable Ancestors' Request
|ko      = 선조님의 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Seonjonim-ui Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Ancestor's Request
|es      = El encargo de nuestros ancestros
|es_tl   = The Commission of Our Ancestors
|fr      = Un devoir confié par nos ancêtres
|fr_tl   = A Duty Entrusted by Our Ancestors
|ru      = Наказ предков
|ru_tl   = Ancestor's Order
|th      = เรื่องที่บรรพบุรุษฝากฝังเอาไว้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ủy Thác Của {{tt|Tổ Tiên|祖先}}
|vi_tl   = Ancestor's Commission <!-- or maybe Ancestor's Entrustment, Ủy Thác and Phó Thác are synonyms -->
|de      = Das, was unsere Vorfahren anvertraut haben
|de_tl   = That Which Our Ancestors Entrusted
|id      = Titipan Leluhur
|id_tl   = Ancestors' Entrusted (Thing)
|pt      = O que Nossos Ancestrais nos Encarregaram
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[pt-br:O que Nossos Ancestrais nos Encarregaram]]