{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19147
|image         = Hangout Event That'll Learn Them!.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kuki Shinobu
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Gang's Daily Deeds
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Gang Bylaws
|characters    = Akira; Genta; Kuki Shinobu; Mamoru; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''That'll Learn Them!''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Gang's Daily Deeds}}.

==Steps==
* Go back to Hanamizaka to check the situation

==Dialogue==
===Truancy Forbidden===
{{Quest Description|Akira and the others have escaped physical punishment, but they are still whisked off to Hanamizaka to attend lessons...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' "John Doe was playing cards with a child. When he lost the game, he got angry and proceeded to steal his opponent's cards..."
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Which article of the Gang Bylaws did John Doe violate?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You kidding me? He was mad about losing, so he robbed a kid? Which gang is this John Doe punk from, we gotta go teach him a lesson!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Yeah! Everyone knows, don't hate the player, hate the game! Who does this clown think he is?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Just answer the question. Also, "John Doe" is just a hypothetical character.
:{{DIcon}} This lesson is pretty legit...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ah, {{Traveler}}. Welcome to the class.
:{{DIcon}} Are the Gang Bylaws doing the job?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Pretty difficult to say so far.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But at least the punishments I use in class will get them spending their energy on something meaningful...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If it keeps them out of trouble, I'll consider it a win.
:{{DIcon}} What punishments?
:{{DIcon}} Meaningful in what way?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You'll see very shortly. Hey, have you got an answer for me yet?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Umm... the one about not bullying children... that's the second one, right? But then, it also kinda fits "damaging property," which is the first...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' How about I answer article 1 and you answer article 2? One of us has gotta be right, so at least we won't get punished as hard...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Alright! Shinobu, we've decided...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Wrong. John Doe violates both articles 1 and 2 of the Gang Bylaws, and the additional notes to Article 2, Clause 36 also apply in this case.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' As for your "punishment"... Each of you must write out all the relevant rules in full three times.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914701 together 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Gang Members:''' Noooooooooo...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Official Business!===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Official Business!
|character       = Kuki Shinobu
|act             = 1
|description     = Hanamizaka is full of many paths, and the first of these is "abide by the law."
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = That'll Learn Them!
|zhs     = 好好学习
|zhs_rm  = Hǎohǎo Xuéxí
|zht     = 好好學習
|zht_rm  = Hǎohǎo Xuéxí
|zh_tl   = Study Well
|ja      = 刻苦勉励
|ja_rm   = Kokku Benrei
|ja_tl   = Diligent Study
|ko      = 학업 매진
|ko_tl   = Strive to Study
|es      = Una lección que aprender
|es_tl   = A Lesson to be Learned
|fr      = Une bonne leçon
|fr_tl   = A Good Lesson
|ru      = Учиться, учиться и ещё раз учиться!
|ru_tl   = Learn, Learn, and One More Time, Learn!
|th      = ตั้งใจศึกษาเล่าเรียน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cố Gắng Học Tập
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine ordentliche Lektion
|de_tl   = A Proper Lesson
|id      = Belajar yang Rajin
|id_tl   = Study Hard
|pt      = Uma Lição a Aprender
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Şimdi Görecekler!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Così imparano!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}