{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13000
|image         = Story Quest The Start of Contamination.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Vulpes Zerda Chapter
|character     = Tighnari
|act           = The Unanswerable Problems
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Abdo; Akarsh; Asha; Collei; Kadin; Karkata; Katheryne (Sumeru); Mahir; Paimon; Tighnari; Traveler; Yara
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = Into the Hinterland
|exp           = 600
|mora          = 38,100
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Start of Contamination''' is the first part of [[Tighnari]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Vulpes Zerda Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Unanswerable Problems]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Ask [[Tighnari]] about the situation
# Buy Vasanti Grass from a traveling merchant
# Gather information nearby (0/3)
# Discuss what to do with the traveling merchant
# Go to the location where the robbery took place
# Follow the [[Sumpter Beast]]
# Feed the Sumpter Beast
# Continue following the Sumpter Beast
# Defeat the [[Karkata|mechanical crab]]
#* {{Enemy|Ruin Defender|text=Mechanical Crab - So-Dubbed the "Component Thief"}}
# Give the mechanical components back to the merchant
# Go back to [[Avidya Forest]] to heal [[Yara]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You haven't gone to see Katheryne in a while. Why don't you go have a look?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Traveler, you've come at a good time.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, this sounds like... another commission?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, it is as you say. The commission this time around is of high importance. It pertains to the safety of the Avidya Forest's inhabitants.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What happened?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Not long ago, we received word that a section of the Avidya Forest seems to have become "contaminated."
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Contaminated? You mean... a new Withering Zone?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I don't know about the specifics, but I hear that strange things are happening to people who cross through that region.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The Avidya Forest's inhabitants won't leave their home so easily. If we allow this contaminated region to expand, the consequences could be unimaginable.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' That's why I want to ask you to investigate the situation. Even if all you can do is stop the contamination from spreading, that will still save many people.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is forest business... Hmm, maybe Tighnari will know something. Let's go find him!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You hear about the contaminated region of sorts from Katheryne. Time to ask Tighnari about the matter.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Tighnari)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is where you've been, Tighnari! Hm? That's&mdash;
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Shh... Keep your voice down.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 01.ogg}} '''Yara:''' Tighnari... Everything's spinning...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 02.ogg}} '''Yara:''' Am I going to die? *sniff* Tell Mom that I should've listened to her...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 03.ogg}} '''Yara:''' And tell [[Suna]] that I'm sorry for breaking her toy. I didn't tell her because I was scared that she wouldn't play with me anymore...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 04.ogg}} '''Yara:''' Tighnari, I heard that people turn into birds after they die. Is that true? I feel like I'm getting lighter...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What happened...? Tighnari, is he...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Okay, okay, enough nonsense.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You just have a small fever. Take your medication and rest. You'll be bouncing off the walls in no time.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 05.ogg}} '''Yara:''' Really? Then... Can you keep the thing about the toy a secret for now?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No can do. You're a big kid now. Once you've recovered, go and apologize. Keeping secrets to yourself won't solve anything.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 06.ogg}} '''Yara:''' Aw...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hey, let me ask you something... I recall that you're usually pretty healthy. How did you get this sick all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 07.ogg}} '''Yara:''' I don't know, either... Mom's been telling me not to play in the forest. I just wanted to look inside...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 08.ogg}} '''Yara:''' It's different from before... I got lost and went around in a huge circle.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 yara 09.ogg}} '''Yara:''' After I got out, I started feeling dizzy...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could it be...
:{{DIcon}} The contaminated region?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So that's how this whole mess happened. Anyway, go rest. No running around until I say so, got it?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (Traveler), Paimon, let's step out for now.

:'''You leave the room with Tighnari...'''

:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 asha 01.ogg}} '''Asha:''' Mr. Forest Watcher, how is my son?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I gave him some antipyretics. Let him rest here for a while.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I told him that he would feel better after some medicine and rest, but I only said that to comfort him.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' His symptoms resemble a fever, but something else is causing them. They seem more akin to a disruption in his psyche. Antipyretics won't be of much use.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 asha 02.ogg}} '''Asha:''' What do we do? Mr. Forest Watcher, you have to help him!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If memory serves, a plant called [[Vasanti Grass]] can help soothe the mind.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' A small number grow in arid deserts. They usually look like shriveled weeds, but can be revitalized with a splash of water.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' They're expensive and unable to grow in the Avidya Forest's climate, so I don't have any on hand.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'll ask the caravans. Go find Collei, have her prepare medicinal tools, and a set of traveling gear for me.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 asha 03.ogg}} '''Asha:''' Alright! Thank you!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Contaminated region, huh... Is that why you two are also here?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep. Is it a new Withering Zone?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Doesn't seem like one. Whether you look at scale, internal conditions, or resultant effects, they're completely different.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The only thing they have in common is that they aren't welcome. This nuisance made itself home in the Avidya Forest, so I can't turn a blind eye.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We feel the same way!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, let's contact the caravans first and purchase some Vasanti Grass. We can also ask about the contaminated region.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 2 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' There's no time to waste. We have to move quickly. Let's go.

;(Talk to Yara again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 yara 01.ogg}} '''Yara:''' *sob* My head's still spinning...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Tighnari would like to heal Yara, who has been to a contaminated region, but is missing a key herb known as Vasanti Grass. Go to a traveling merchant to see if you can get some.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mahir)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Excuse me, I'd like to purchase some Vasanti Grass. Do you have any?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 01.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' I'm sorry, Mr. Forest Watcher, but we've been closed for the past few days.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Closed? Now that's odd. It's my first time hearing you say something like that.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 02.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' *sigh* It's a long story... Some of our goods were stolen recently.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 03.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' They were mechanical parts that we got from the Akademiya. Although they're old models, they still fetch a good price on the market.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 04.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Our caravans had to pool together Mora to afford those parts. Now that they've been lost, we'll likely come up short this trip.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 05.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' All the merchants talked it over, and we decided to raise the prices of our remaining inventory. Until this plan takes effect, none of us can privately sell anything.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I don't get it. If these goods are so important, then why not think of a way to get them back?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Raising prices won't solve anything. At best, you're shoving the consequences of the robbery onto your customers.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 06.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Mr. Forest Watcher, it's not that we don't want to, it's just the thief disappeared into the deepest parts of the forest.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 07.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' We asked around, and apparently the forest has been very unusual as of late. Anyone who goes in experiences mental anomalies.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 08.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' We can't keep waiting out here for the thief to come out. All we could do is come up with another solution.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So the bandit hid in the contaminated region after stealing those mechanical parts?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' How many people were there in total? Were they not affected by the contaminated region?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 09.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' That crook CAME from the contaminated region! As for how many... Er... There weren't any "people."
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No people?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 10.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' *sigh* Even if I tell you, you might not believe me. *sigh* Fine, the thief that stole our parts was a huge, mechanical crab!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck!? The Avidya Forest has creatures like that?
:{{DIcon}} Is it that "crab"?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't see any in the Avidya Forest Field Guide...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 11.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' To be honest, I'd rather not think about it... It moved too skillfully to be new at this.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 12.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' It came out of nowhere. Before we could react, it swiped our goods and ran away.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 13.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' We were all shocked. By the time we came to our senses, the thief was already long gone.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I see. If we help you retrieve your stolen goods, then business will return to normal?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 14.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Oh, but of course.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 15.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Not only that, but you'll become one of our caravan's VIPs. On all future purchases of any&mdash;
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Enough. Tell me something that's actually useful. Any leads on that mechanical crab?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 16.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Maybe one? After our goods were stolen, we specifically got someone to assess the situation.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 mahir 17.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' If you're interested, you can go and talk to them.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 4 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, we'll go and have a word.

;(Talk to Mahir again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 mahir 01.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' How's it going? Figured out a solution?

;(Talk to Akarsh)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 5 akarsh 01.ogg}} '''Akarsh:''' After the goods were stolen, I made multiple inquiries with nearby caravans and residents.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 5 akarsh 02.ogg}} '''Akarsh:''' Turns out that many others have also been robbed by that crooked crab.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 5 akarsh 03.ogg}} '''Akarsh:''' However, the crab only seems to be interested in machinery. It doesn't even bat an eye at other valuables.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 5 akarsh 04.ogg}} '''Akarsh:''' A caravan carrying a large amount of Mora had an uneventful trip, but another caravan had a child whose metal toy was taken.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 5 akarsh 05.ogg}} '''Akarsh:''' Whatever the case, that thing is a scourge! We'll eventually think of a way to get rid of it!

;(Talk to Akarsh again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 akarsh 01.ogg}} '''Akarsh:''' We can't let it get away...

;(Talk to Abdo)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 6 abdo 01.ogg}} '''Abdo:''' That mechanical crab is fast, strong, and a pain to deal with.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 6 abdo 02.ogg}} '''Abdo:''' Ten of us might not even be able to take that thing head-on.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 6 abdo 03.ogg}} '''Abdo:''' Didn't the Akademiya ban research on mechanical life forms years ago? Where did that thing come from?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 6 abdo 04.ogg}} '''Abdo:''' Our salaries even got slashed because of it... *sigh* Who would've thought that the robber wasn't a human, but a mechanical crab? This is rough...

;(Talk to Abdo again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 abdo 01.ogg}} '''Abdo:''' *sigh* What a disaster...

;(Talk to Kadin)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 kadin 01.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' I heard from the caravaners that there have been a lot of robberies lately, but we haven't been affected.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 kadin 02.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' We don't normally see the mechanical crab, and it doesn't disturb our daily lives.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 kadin 03.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' It only shows up when the caravans are here, and it runs back to the contaminated region after it's done making a mess.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You haven't tried capturing it?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 kadin 04.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' We have, but it's too agile and fast.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 kadin 05.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' However, we did unexpectedly learn something the last time we tried to capture it.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 kadin 06.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' It apparently lives in the deepest part of the forest, so instead of immediately moving its spoils, it first hides them nearby.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 7 kadin 07.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' Once its stash grows large enough, it moves everything in one go. You'll have to move fast if you want those goods back.

;(Talk to Kadin again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 kadin 01.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' You know, I always thought it looked kinda familiar...
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The traveling merchant seems to have encountered some trouble. Does this strange mechanical crab have something to do with the contaminated region?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mahir)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 mahir 01.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' How are things? Did you make any progress?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We learned of its behaviors, but much still remains unclear.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Assuming normal operational status, mechanical constructs generally act according to their given commands.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If I were its owner, I'd command it to steal more valuable things... or the Mora you made. That would be the most efficient method.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But it only goes after mechanical components. This doesn't make any sense.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! It's really weird!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 mahir 02.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' So you all found a way to retrieve our goods?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Do you have any more mechanical parts with you?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 mahir 03.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Yes, I still have a small bag of samples. They weren't taken since I keep them on me at all times.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 mahir 04.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Oh, are you planning to&mdash;
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Under constant external conditions, organisms rarely initiate changes in their habits.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Here's what we know so far: It has a mechanical composition; it lives in the contaminated region; and it comes out to steal mechanical components.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If we have said components, we can lure it out, capture it, and then make observations for further conclusions.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well... Chatting like this won't get us anywhere. We're only wasting time.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 mahir 05.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' You're right. We don't have any other options right now... This bag of samples is all yours, Mr. Forest Watcher. If you can get our goods back, the caravans will reward you generously.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We don't need anything in return, but I'll be keeping this bag. I may have other uses for it later.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We'll also need to borrow a Sumpter Beast. Our act has to be convincing if we want the crab to fall for it.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 mahir 06.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Oh yeah, no problem at all! If it means getting our things back, you can even borrow me to do whatever you need!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'll have to decline that offer. Anyway, we'll use the mechanical components and Sumpter Beast to pose as a transiting caravan and lure out the crab.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Once it appears, capture it. I leave the timing to you.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry! We're professionals!

;(Talk to Mahir again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 mahir 02.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' *sigh* Trading sure is dangerous. Not only do you have to contend with the wits of others, but you have to be ready to deal with anything and everything...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You and Tighnari decide to disguise yourselves as passing merchants to try to lure the Mechanical Crab out. Here goes nothing...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 10 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Looking at the trade routes and the contaminated region's current perimeter, the goods were likely stolen somewhere around here.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then let's get to it! We'll definitely capture that criminal crab!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 10 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Okay. We'll start from here and have the Sumpter Beast, with the components on-board, lead the way.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 10 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This Sumpter Beast isn't familiar with us yet, so be calm and take your time with it.

:{{A|vo tnllq001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Sumpter Beast went ahead. Let's keep up with it!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why'd it stop?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 11 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm... Looks like it's loafing around. Or maybe it's hungry.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 11 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The caravaners grew disheartened after their goods were stolen, so they probably didn't feed their animals as scheduled. Let's give it something to eat.

;(After feeding the Sumpter Beast)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, it's moving again!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you hear something&mdash;
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaah! Is that the mechanical crab the caravan was talking about? It's charging straight at us!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 12 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It looks strong. Be careful!

{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The mechanical crab has emerged! Subdue it now!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(During the fight, when it is at low health)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab (Sans Will to Fight):''' *rumbling*

;(After defeating the mechanical crab)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, just try to escape this time, you naughty, caravan-robbing crab!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, playing dumb won't save you! Spill it! Why are you stealing so many mechanical parts?
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't seem to understand us...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm, it doesn't seem capable of comprehending complex questions. Keep an eye on it. I'll search around the area for the caravans' goods.

:'''After some searching, Tighnari finds the goods that the mechanical crab stole...'''

:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I don't know why you're stealing mechanical parts, but they don't belong to you.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Stolen items must be returned to their rightful owners. Any objections?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kuli...
:{{DIcon}} It looks sad...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You came from the depths of the contaminated region, right? How about you help us with something?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If you take us there, I'll give you some mechanical parts as a reward.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It reacted!
:{{DIcon}} Does it understand us?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We can't be certain yet. Its excitement may be a simple, programmed response upon seeing mechanical components.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so you want the crab to lead us into the contaminated region?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's right. The contaminated region has a large and currently expanding perimeter, so it would be difficult to conduct a thorough search.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If we charge straight in, we'll get lost like headless pigeons. Also, our new friend here seems to be full of secrets.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I've been studying this contaminated region recently, and I have a hypothesis of my own. So to be absolutely safe, it would be best to have a "guide" lead the way.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now! Does this scuttler understand what you're saying?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It doesn't have to, as long as it isn't hostile towards us.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I gave it some components that it will definitely take back to the contaminated region. So long as it doesn't attack us, we can simply follow along.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kalu!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems to be really happy...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Listen to me. Wait for us here. No running off.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We'll be back soon. If you're still here when we return, I'll give you another mechanical part as a reward. Understood?
:;(The Mechanical Crab nods its head)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{DIcon}} Does that count as understanding us?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm not sure, but our priorities are to retrieve the mechanical components, and to purchase Vasanti Grass to make medicine with.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 14 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We should return, but before we do, we need to set up a few "traps." Can't have that crab escaping.

;(Talk to the Mechanical Crab)
:'''Observe Mechanical Crab:''' (The mechanical crab looks quite well-behaved and does not intend to run away.)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Although the mechanical crab doesn't seem to know much of anything in general, it accepts Tighnari's simple trade. But before you let it lead you to the contaminated region, there are some things you need to settle first...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mahir)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 mahir 01.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Oh, oh!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 mahir 02.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' These the mechanical parts that were stolen! You really got them back for us!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 mahir 03.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Thank you all so very much! I don't know how I can repay you... Wait, didn't you want to purchase Vasanti Grass?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 mahir 04.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Don't worry about the price &mdash; they're on the house! How many do you need?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Two is enough.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 mahir 05.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' No, that won't do. Here, I'll throw in some Mora&mdash;
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No need. I've already received a reward from you.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 mahir 06.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Reward...? You mean that bag of mechanical parts? Ah, they aren't worth much compared to this merchandise.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But those parts are very useful to me, just like the Vasanti Grass.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I retrieved the things you needed, and you gave me what I needed in return. We're even.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh, and before we go, just a reminder, the forest has an intricate and biodiverse ecosystem. Even if there were no mechanical crabs, other dangers are still present. Take caution on this route.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 mahir 07.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Noted! Thank you all ever so much!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 15 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's return to the village. The earlier we can give the child medicine, the sooner he'll start feeling better.

;(Talk to Mahir again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 mahir 03.ogg}} '''Mahir:''' Thank you all for your help. If it weren't for you, we would've lost a fortune.

;(Talk to Abdo, Akarsh, or Kadin, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 akarsh 02.ogg}} '''Akarsh:''' In the end, the goods got stolen because you all didn't guard them properly.
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 abdo 02.ogg}} '''Abdo:''' You're not wrong, but it's not entirely our fault. No one said we'd have to go up against a mechanical crab...
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 abdo 03.ogg}} '''Abdo:''' You guys are in charge of caravan affairs, yet you didn't scout the trade route beforehand... Hey, you, here to help us settle this?
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq001 kadin 02.ogg}} '''Kadin:''' Umm... I'm still more interested in the whereabouts of that mechanical crab...
----
;(Approach Collei)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, hi there, (Traveler) and Paimon.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master, I prepared the pharmaceutical equipment. Do you need me to help grind the medicine?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No need. A precise dosage is required this time, so I'll do it myself.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, okay...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But once I'm done, you can deliver the medication to the child.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' He gets a little nervous when I'm around for too long. I don't think he finds me very approachable.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'll go prepare the medication. (Traveler), give me a hand.

:'''After you and Tighnari prepare the medicine, Collei gives it to Yara.'''

:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How is he? Doing any better?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I feel like he's doing a lot better, and his temperature is returning to normal.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's wonderful!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh yeah, he asked me to tell you that Suna came by earlier, and he told her everything about the toy.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Suna didn't get mad, so he wanted to thank you. Can I ask what happened?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's nothing. Did you prepare the traveling gear that I asked you to?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Of course I did! Are you going somewhere far away?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes, we're going to the contaminated region. Judging by its size, we will likely have to stay overnight.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm leaving everything to you while I'm gone.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh? But I... I can't even begin to compare to you...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Many things are learned by doing, and once they've been done, you'll realize that they weren't as difficult as you once thought they were.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Deal with problems as you yourself see fit. You don't have to emulate me.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! You'll do great, Collei!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Alright, then I'll do my best!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master, (Traveler), Paimon, take care of yourselves.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry.
::{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 10a.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We'll be alright. You'll understand the reason for this excursion once we arrive at the contaminated region.
:{{DIcon}} Everything will be fine with Tighnari around.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 10b.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You put too much confidence in me. Anyway, like you said, things will likely be uneventful.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's return and find that crab.
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Collei)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 collei 11.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I can do this. I can do this...

;(Talk to Yara)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 16 yara 01.ogg}} '''Yara:''' Thank you. I feel much better now.

;(Talk to Asha)
:'''Asha:''' (Murmuring to herself, Asha seems to be praying for her son's recovery.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Start of Contamination
|zhs     = 污染之始
|zhs_rm  = Wūrǎn zhī Shǐ
|zht     = 污染之始
|zht_rm  = Wūrǎn zhī Shǐ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 汚染の始まり
|ja_rm   = Osen no Hajimari
|ja_tl   = The Start of Contamination
|ko      = 오염의 시작
|ko_rm   = Oyeom-ui Sijak
|ko_tl   = The Start of Contamination
|es      = Los orígenes de la contaminación
|es_tl   = The Origins of Contamination
|fr      = L'origine de la contamination
|fr_tl   = The Origin of Contamination
|ru      = Начало загрязнения
|ru_tl   = The Start of Contamination
|th      = จุดเริ่มต้นของการปนเปื้อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguồn Ô Nhiễm
|vi_tl   = Source of Contamination
|de      = Quelle der Verunreinigung
|de_tl   = Source of Contamination
|id      = Asal Muasal Kontaminasi
|id_tl   = The Start of Contamination
|pt      = A Origem da Contaminação
|pt_tl   = The Origin of Contamination
|tr      = Kirlenmenin Başlangıcı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'inizio della contaminazione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}