{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11027
|image         = Story Quest The Search for a Physician.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lagenaria Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = The Heart of Healing
|character     = Baizhu
|requirement   = * Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Complete Archon Quest [[A New Star Approaches]]
* Complete Story Quest [[ Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away]]
* Complete Story Quest [[Butterfly's Dream]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = The Quest for a Cure
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*550;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Ayu; Baizhu; Cai Le; Cai Xun; Changsheng; Herbalist Gui; Hu Tao; Jialiang; Paimon; Qiqi; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Search for a Physician''''' is the first part of {{Quest|The Heart of Healing}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Bubu Pharmacy]]
# Ask the [[Millelith]] guards outside [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Search the area near [[Luhua Pool]]
# Approach [[Ayu]]'s father
# Return to Bubu Pharmacy
# Exit Bubu Pharmacy
# Ask around for information
# Wait till the next morning (08:00 – 10:00)
# Talk to [[Baizhu]]
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone seems to be asking for help outside Bubu Pharmacy...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach marked location)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 herbalistgui 01.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' ...What's your name, buddy? Are you here to buy some medicine? Where are your mom and dad?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 qiqi 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Are you lost?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' No, I'm not! Um, my name's Ayu, and I'm here because&mdash;
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, Qiqi! Hi, Gui! What's going on?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 qiqi 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Hi, {{Traveler}} and Paimon...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 herbalistgui 02.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' Ah, you've actually come at a perfect time! This little boy seems to have gotten himself lost. I think he must be new to the city. Probably wandered away from his parents, and&mdash;
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 02.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' No, listen to me! I'm not the one who's lost. It's my dad!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your dad? How does a fully grown man manage to get lost in Liyue Harbor?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 03.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Well... My dad's always been kinda forgetful. In the past, he was just a little slow to react sometimes, but I'm worried that it's getting more serious.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 qiqi 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' So... What about your mom?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 04.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' She went out a few days ago to gather some herbs for my dad, but she still hasn't come back... Meanwhile, my dad's been getting worse and worse.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 05.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' I remembered that the owner of Bubu Pharmacy always runs a clinic in [[Qingce Village]] during the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]]. So I thought, why don't I take Dad to Liyue Harbor to see him there...
:{{DIcon}} (The owner of Bubu Pharmacy...)
:{{DIcon}} (He must mean Baizhu.)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 06.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' When we got to the city gate, I took a moment to ask the Millelith guards for directions to the pharmacy... and then when I turned back around, my dad was gone!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 07.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' I asked the Millelith guys to go find him, but he said they won't be able to send that many people. So then I figured, maybe I could ask some other people in the city to help...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You came to the right place! We're pros at finding people! Isn't that right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} It'll be a piece of cake for us.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 qiqi 04.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Changsheng can help. She has a good sense of smell, like a dog.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 changsheng 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Hey! Who's talking about me behind my back?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Changsheng, Qiqi meant that as a compliment. There's no need to be upset.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hello, child. You mentioned that you were looking for the owner of Bubu Pharmacy. How might we be of service?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 08.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' You have a talking snake...? Oh! A&mdash;Are you Uncle Baizhu?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 changsheng 02.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Pfft! "Uncle" Baizhu...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Changsheng, now's not the time.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' My dear boy, could you tell me more about your father's condition? As much as you can recall.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 09.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Yes, Unc&mdash; ...Dr. Baizhu.
:{{Black Screen|Ayu explains his father's health situation to Baizhu...}}
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I see... And your family lives near Qingce Village, you say? I visit patients there frequently, but I don't recall ever seeing you or your parents.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 10.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Uh-huh... My mom doesn't like meeting other people, especially during Lantern Rite. She always tells me to just stay at home and keep my dad company.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Is that so.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ayu, by any chance... is your mother's name [[Jiangli]]?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 ayu 11.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Whoa! Yeah, it is! Do you know my mom, Dr. Baizhu?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I certainly do... Gui, Qiqi, are there any pressing matters in the pharmacy at the moment?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 09.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ayu's parents are old acquaintances of mine, so I would very much like to assist with the search... Would the two of you have time to join me?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't forget us two! We already told Ayu that we'd help!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 10.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Oh really? Well, that's wonderful. We are most grateful for your support.
:{{DIcon}} You can count on us.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 herbalistgui 03.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' Qiqi and I need to clear up the shop front first, but once that's taken care of, we'll be right out to help you with the search!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 qiqi 05.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Family is... very important.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 11.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Thank you. Then I'll leave you to handle the pharmacy.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 1 baizhu 12.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, why don't you come with me and Ayu? Let's start by talking to the Millelith guards at the city gates, see if they have an update.

;(Talk to Herbalist Gui again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 herbalistgui 01.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' Can you believe that little boy brought his father all this way to see the doctor? What a remarkable child.
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 herbalistgui 02.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' I didn't even know how to buy medicine by myself when I was his age.

;(Talk to Qiqi again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 qiqi 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' His family. We have to find them.

;(Approach the Millelith guards at the Liyue Harbor entrance)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caile 01.ogg}} '''Cai Le:''' ...They searched to the north, but couldn't find anyone who matched the description.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caixun 01.ogg}} '''Cai Xun:''' Ugh, well that complicates things. The city folks say there's no sign of him there, either. We need to start looking further afield... but where are we gonna get the people?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Excuse me, Sirs! Have you found out anything about my dad yet?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caixun 02.ogg}} '''Cai Xun:''' Ah, hey there, buddy... Dr. Baizhu? What brings you out this way?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' The boy asked for our help, so we're here to join the search. Any new developments to update us on?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caixun 03.ogg}} '''Cai Xun:''' Thank goodness! We were just discussing how we're running out of manpower.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caixun 04.ogg}} '''Cai Xun:''' As for updates... I'm sorry to say that we've searched the surrounding area thoroughly, but didn't find anything.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caile 02.ogg}} '''Cai Le:''' The guards at the crossing up ahead said they hadn't seen anyone, either, so we don't believe he was heading towards the Guili Plains... But it is possible that he was bound for Luhua Pool.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Luhua Pool... The terrain there can be tricky to navigate. Let's hope he hasn't run into any trouble.
:{{DIcon}} We'll take that area.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caixun 05.ogg}} '''Cai Xun:''' You will? Great, we can't thank you enough!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 caile 03.ogg}} '''Cai Le:''' Sorry we weren't able to find your dad, buddy.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 2 ayu 02.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' That's okay. Thank you for trying!

;(Talk to Cai Le again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 caile 01.ogg}} '''Cai Le:''' We'll update our superiors on the situation and see if they can assign anyone else to help.

;(Talk to Cai Xun again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 caixun 01.ogg}} '''Cai Xun:''' I'm afraid we have to stay at our posts, so we won't be able to join you on the search.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 3 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Daaaaad!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 3 ayu 02.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Daaaaaaad...! Can you hear me...?

;(Search for Ayu's father)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, there's somebody over there!

;(Approach Ayu's father)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! It's... Hey, you! Stop, don't go any further...!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Watch where you're going!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 jialiang 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Ugh!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Dear customer, [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] does appreciate your patronage, but you needn't hasten the inevitable! Are you alright?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 jialiang 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Ugh... Urgh...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Dad!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Hu Tao!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' My, my, who do we have here? Mm-hmm! It's {{Traveler}} and Paimon! And...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...Ugh. My worst nightmare.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 changsheng 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Hah. I see she still hasn't warmed to you.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hehe, thank you, Director Hu, for saving this man.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 ayu 02.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Dad, are you okay? Do you recognize me? It's me, Ayu!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 jialiang 03.ogg}} '''???:''' You're... Ayu? Uh... who am I...?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 ayu 03.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Your name is [[Jialiang]], and you live just west of Qingce Village. You were supposed to come to Liyue Harbor to see the doctor... Remember? Does that jog your memory?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 jialiang 04.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' My name is Jialiang... Liyue Harbor, see the doctor... Yes, yes, I'm Jialiang, and I need to see the doctor... Wait, why do I need to see the doctor...?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, he seems in really bad shape! We need to get him back to Bubu Pharmacy right away!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, Hu Tao, gotta dash. Dinner's on us next time!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hold on a second.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You're not seriously thinking of taking him to Bubu Pharmacy in this state, are you?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why not, what's the problem?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Come on, Baizhu, don't tell me you haven't noticed it? Didn't [[Baizhu's Master|your master]] teach you how to spot the signs?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Why do I get the sense that you spotted them right away... but you're planning to use it for your own ends?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Use what? What are you talking about? Paimon's lost...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...There are traces of god remains in Jialiang's system.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Yes, but more importantly, they're on the verge of an outburst. If that happens, the consequences will be unthinkable.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's sorry, what!?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 jialiang 05.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' G&mdash;God... remains...?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...There's no need to worry, Director Hu. I have methods of keeping them at bay.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' It is the sworn duty of all who practice medicine to cure illnesses and save lives. What reason would I have to neglect a patient in need who is right there in front of me?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Besides... it was my late master's dying wish to be able to save this patient in particular. Perhaps, out of respect for him, you could give me a day's grace so that I have time to treat him?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Now you're bringing my great-uncle into this? Baizhu... Just what are you planning this time?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Merely to cure this man, nothing more. But of course, if you have any doubt as to my intentions, you are more than welcome to accompany me to Bubu Pharmacy, and monitor my activities.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh really? I thought I was persona non grata at Bubu Pharmacy? You're being unusually generous today.
:{{DIcon}} Don't forget that we're here, too.
:{{DIcon}} We won't let things get out of hand.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...Okay, deal. We're not gonna solve anything by keeping Jialiang here.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I'm happy to do it your way but... only for my great-uncle's sake. And {{Traveler}}'s, of course.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 changsheng 02.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' You must be pleased you brought {{Traveler}} along. Otherwise, this would've been a much more vexing ordeal.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 4 baizhu 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Well, time is of the essence. Let's get ourselves back to Bubu Pharmacy at once.
:{{Black Screen|The group returns to the back room at Bubu Pharmacy...}}
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Blockages within the cardiovascular system... reduced blood flow and energy circulation...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I see. I suppose this must have caused the cognitive abnormalities.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Dr. Baizhu... How bad is it? Can you cure him?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't you worry, Baizhu's a really great doctor. He's sure to find a way! Isn't that right, Baizhu?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Ayu, do you know when your father first started displaying these symptoms?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 ayu 02.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Um... I'm not sure. He's been like this for as long as I can remember, but it wasn't as bad as this when I was still little...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hmm, so it's been a long time indeed...
:{{DIcon}} Is it a grim prognosis...?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...No, I have a treatment plan in mind. We can start tonight.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Come and see me again tomorrow morning. I promise that by then, Ayu will find his father healthy and lucid again.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 ayu 03.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Thank you, Dr. Baizhu, thank you so much!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' If you still have any misgivings, Director Hu, please feel free to hang around for as long as you wish.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 changsheng 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' However, it would be best if you step outside this room. A doctor must be able to focus when treating a patient. Any distractions heighten the risk of complications.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Yes, of course, absolutely, I'll just go and look at the flowers, or something... But I will be back in an instant at the first sign that something's amiss.
:{{DIcon}} We'll be heading out now, too.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you tomorrow, Baizhu and Changsheng!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Bye for now, everyone.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 changsheng 02.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' ...Are you ready, Baizhu?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 baizhu 09.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Ready as I'll ever be &mdash; I'm used to it by now. Come on, let's get started.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon exit Bubu Pharmacy)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... All's well that ends well, huh?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y'know, Paimon's kind of curious after hearing Baizhu mention those people from his past... What do you think they were like?
:{{DIcon}} You mean Baizhu's master?
:{{DIcon}} You mean Ayu's mother?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You must be curious too, right? Let's go see what we can find out while Baizhu's busy treating Ayu's dad!

;(Interact with the Bubu Pharmacy back room door, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Baizhu and Changsheng are treating Jialiang right now... I should come back tomorrow.)

;(Talk to Ayu or Herbalist Gui in front of Bubu Pharmacy, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Mr. Gui, I wanna go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]] and get them to help look for my mom. Should I take anything with me?
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 herbalistgui 03.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' Hmm... You'll need enough cash to pay their fees, and there'll be some paperwork to fill out... I can come with you if you'd like?
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, these two are hard at work... We probably shouldn't disturb them.

;(Talk to Qiqi near the steps leading to Bubu Pharmacy, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 qiqi 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Jiangli... Master... Dr. Baizhu has never mentioned them before...
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 qiqi 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' But more importantly... Is you-know-who gone yet?
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 qiqi 04.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Ohhh... I need to find a better hiding place...

;(Approach Hu Tao)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' While I'm idling time on admiring the scenery, the spectacled snake-bedecked doc's doing surgery...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hello, you busy bees. And what do you have to discuss with the Funeral Director today?
:{{DIcon}} Um, so...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Actually, don't tell me &mdash; let me guess! Hmm... From the looks on your faces, you've got some questions for me?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehehe... guilty as charged! So, um, we were just a little curious about Baizhu's Master. What was he like?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and also &mdash; how come you and Baizhu could tell so quickly that Jialiang had god remains in his system?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Huh? I thought I told you once before? Wangsheng Funeral Parlor was first founded to fight back against the vengeful wrath of gods defeated in war.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, that vaguely rings a bell...
:{{DIcon}} But the details are hazy...
:;(Ayu and Gui are shown walking down the steps on the other side)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hah. Well, it is a dusty old tale by this point. Long story short: In the ancient world, dead gods were acting up, so our ancestors started purifying the air and burning the bodies of the deceased to guard the border between life and death...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' These days, we don't deal with the wrath of the gods anymore, but all the relevant know-how is still passed down to each generation. So we can identify gods' remains when we see them.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon gets it now. ...Wait, so how did Baizhu learn to spot them?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Almost certainly from his master &mdash; who was also my great-uncle. Baizhu's master was [[Old Hu|my grandpa]]'s younger brother, a former deputy director of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, fancy that! Huh... So, if he was from Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, how'd he end up as Baizhu's Master?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' According to my grandpa, he and my great-uncle once went traveling together when they were young. They ended up at [[Chenyu Vale]], where they met a pharmacist.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That pharmacist must've cast some sort of spell on my great-uncle, because after that encounter, he suddenly announced he wanted to leave the family business and go practice medicine instead.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' My grandpa had a huge argument with him, but he couldn't convince him to stay.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So my grandpa inherited the Funeral Parlor, while my great-uncle stayed in Chenyu Vale to practice medicine... They never spoke to each other again.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Funeral director to doctor is a pretty big career change. Kinda hard to imagine... But why did it drive a wedge between them for the rest of their lives? That seems a bit extreme.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' If he had just become a regular doctor, there would have been no issue. After all, the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor wasn't unlike a regular doctor's clinic in the early days.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But according to my grandpa, the pharmacist they met had a very ominous aura about him...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...And on top of that, the kind of medicine practiced in the Chenyu Vale tradition goes against the natural order of things.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...In what way?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Don't know. My grandpa didn't know the specifics, and you've seen how wary Baizhu is around me. He'd never tell me anything...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But even that says to me that he definitely has something to hide.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 17.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' One thing I do know about Baizhu is that he's obsessed with the idea of immortality... But whether that has anything to do with what he's hiding is hard to say.
:{{DIcon}} (Immortality...?)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 hutao 18.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Anyway, so I will be sticking around here for now to keep a close eye on the situation. Maybe tomorrow, I'll finally figure out what he's up to...

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... After all that, it seems like we have more questions than answers!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Never mind. We'll just have to ask Baizhu himself about all of this tomorrow!

;(Talk to Hu Tao again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, while you're here &mdash; have either of you seen Qiqi around?
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' It's not every day I get to infiltrate Baizhu's lair. But alas, I didn't catch a single glimpse of her anywhere...
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq001 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Aha! What if... Baizhu knew I'd be on the lookout for her, and hid her away in advance?
----
;(Wait until the next day)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a new day! Let's go back to Bubu Pharmacy and check out how Jialiang is doing!

;(Approach Bubu Pharmacy)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Dad!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 jialiang 01.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' Huh... Ayu!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 ayu 02.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Dad! You remember me!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 jialiang 02.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' Yes, I remember now! Oh, Ayu, I'm so sorry, you must have been worried sick... Has your mom shown up yet? She's... been gone for a while, hasn't she?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 ayu 03.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Don't worry, Dad! I got the Adventurers' Guild to help us look for her. And Dr. Baizhu's gonna help too! Right now, all you need to do is concentrate on getting better!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 jialiang 03.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' Great, that's wonderful... I can't thank you enough, Dr. Baizhu.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' My pleasure, really. It's the least I can do to honor my late master's dying wish. If anything, I should be apologizing to you for not making the time to visit in all these years.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 jialiang 04.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' Hah, not at all, Dr. Baizhu. It's only because Jiangli... hmm... What was her reason again...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...You're still in the early stages of recovery, so you'll need to take it easy for a while. Take it slowly, and try not to over-exert yourself.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' I suggest you stay at Bubu Pharmacy and rest for at least the next few days.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Director Hu, do you have any further reservations about Jialiang's condition?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...Hmm, it seems like the evil presence is gone after all. You really did manage to suppress it, huh...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...But how did you accomplish this in a single night?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hahaha, that would be a trade secret, I'm afraid. If that gives you any cause for concern, you may continue to monitor Jialiang for as long as you wish.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Though I regret to say that Bubu Pharmacy cannot offer to reimburse Wangsheng Funeral Parlor for any revenue lost in the meantime.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...Oh, come on, Baizhu. I'm not THAT unreasonable.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (Baizhu looks a little worse for wear...)
::{{DIcon}} (Something's wrong.)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 02.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Ahhhhh &mdash; I've been stuck indoors for too long. Baizhu, take me outside for some air, or I'm going to suffocate!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ah yes, of course... Everyone, please excuse Changsheng and myself for a moment.
:;(Baizhu leaves Bubu Pharmacy)
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ... *cough* *cough*
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 03.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Suffering now, are we? Did you seriously expect to cover it up just by putting on a brave face and ignoring it? If it weren't for my quick thinking, they'd all have seen the sorry state you're in by now.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 04.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' But in any case, why must you keep this a secret from everybody? You should at least share your secret with one person you trust...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 09.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Who's there?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah!!!!
:{{DIcon}} It's me.
:{{DIcon}} {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 10.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Why did you follow us here?
:{{DIcon}} I thought you were looking a little unwell...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 11.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Oh, hehe, it's nothing. I just needed to get some air... *cough*
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 05.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' What did I JUST say about putting on a brave face? Tsk...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 06.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, the truth is... Baizhu did not cure Jialiang's illness.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 07.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Instead, he transferred some of his own life force to his patient to temporarily subdue the poison in his system.
:{{DIcon}} ...Life force?
:{{DIcon}} ...Poison?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 12.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' *sigh*
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Baizhu... Can you please explain all of this?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 13.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...My predecessors in medicine forged a contract with Changsheng. Every successor to this contract is able to use Changsheng's secret art to treat patients.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 14.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I believe the irregularities with Jialiang's heart meridian were likely caused by a poison concocted using god remains as a key ingredient.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 15.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' The poison has not been purged from Jialiang's system. Rather, I infused him with some of my own life force using Changsheng as the delivery medium. This will suppress the poison's effects for a limited time.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Changsheng... You can do that? Paimon always thought you were just Baizhu's strange choice of a necklace...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 08.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Hey! I'll have you know that I commanded the respect of even the adepti back in Chenyu Vale. If anything, he is my mannequin!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 09.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' I was treating patients with Baizhu's master's master long before he ever set eyes on his first medical text!
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... Guess you shouldn't judge a snake by its skin.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 16.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Please, that's enough... *cough* *cough*
:{{DIcon}} You're looking even worse now than before...
:{{DIcon}} ...Are you sure you're okay?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a sec... Hu Tao was saying that the branch of medicine you studied uses some pretty dubious methods... So when you transfer your life force, does that mean you're actually damaging your own body?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 17.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hardly. Changsheng helps to keep my qi in balance, so there is no great harm done...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 10.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' ...Still, Baizhu's life force is not unlimited. We must find a way to neutralize the poison in Jialiang's body, and soon.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 11.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, would you lend this dummy a hand? He needs someone checking up on him, or he'll exhaust himself trying to accomplish everything on his own...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 18.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Go on, Baizhu. Let us help you.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 changsheng 12.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' ...Baizhu, don't you think you should seize this opportunity? You cannot expect to hide this from everyone for your entire life. Time will see that all secrets surface eventually.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 19.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' *sigh*... "Entire life"...
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 20.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...Thank you, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon doesn't think we've seen this side of you. But there's no need to thank us! You've helped us out before.
:{{DIcon}} So. What are the next steps?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 21.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' The poison in Jialiang's system must have accumulated over a prolonged period. I think I should pay a visit to their family home, and look for clues as to how he might have been exposed to it.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know where his house is?
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 22.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Yes. I asked Ayu this morning before you arrived. He told me that his family lives in a secluded spot to the west of Qingce Village.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 23.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Let's head there together once I've asked Gui and Qiqi to look after the pharmacy.
:{{A|vo bzlq001 7 baizhu 24.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...As well as investigating Jialiang's exposure to the poison, we should also keep an eye out for Ayu's missing mother... my fellow disciple, Jiangli.

;(Talk to Qiqi outside Bubu Pharmacy, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 qiqi 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Phew... she's finally gone. She's gone for good now, right? ...Right?

;(Talk to Herbalist Gui inside Bubu Pharmacy, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 herbalistgui 01.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' Are you heading out now, Dr. Baizhu?
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Yes. While I'm gone, I leave Bubu Pharmacy in your and Qiqi's capable hands.
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 herbalistgui 02.ogg}} '''Herbalist Gui:''' Rest assured, the moment anything comes up that you should know about, I'll inform you immediately.

;(Talk to Jialiang or Ayu by the steps leading to Bubu Pharmacy, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 jialiang 01.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' *sigh* Your mother's been missing for days now, but here I am, sitting here and doing nothing...
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 ayu 01.ogg}} '''Ayu:''' Don't think about that, Dad! Just concentrate on getting better. ...It's been years since we were last able to talk to each other like this.
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 jialiang 02.ogg}} '''Jialiang:''' So it has... In the blink of an eye, you're already so grown up...

;(Talk to Hu Tao by the southwest corner of the platform outside Bubu Pharmacy, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Huh... Fancy running into you guys at a place like this. What are the chances!
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Uh, nothing? I was just battling against some writer's block, so I took a stroll to see if I could get my muse back... Mm... mm, yep, i&mdash;it's working... "Stealthy as a snake, she can hear them coming, plants a little bait, and they all come running"...
:{{DIcon}} Won't your continued absence affect Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's business?
::{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 hutao 03a 1.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' It's fine, I have someone taking care of the books while I'm gone... Hold up, now that you mention it, I probably shouldn't stick around here too long...
:{{DIcon}} Still worried about what Baizhu's up to?
::{{A|vo dialog bzlq002 hutao 03b 1.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...You'd better not snitch on me, okay?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = The Search for a Physician
|zhs       = 寻医
|zhs_rm    = Xúnyī
|zht       = 尋醫
|zht_rm    = Xúnyī
|zh_tl     = The Search for a Doctor
|ja        = 医者を探して
|ja_rm     = Isha wo Sagashite
|ja_tl     = Searching for a Doctor
|ko        = 진찰
|ko_tl     = 
|es        = ¿Hay un médico en la sala?
|es_tl     = Is There a Doctor in the Room?
|fr        = À la recherche d'un médecin
|fr_tl     = In Search of a Physician
|ru        = В поисках врача
|ru_tl     = In Search of a Physician
|th        = ค้นหาหมอ
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Tầm Y
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Heilungssuche
|de_tl     = Search for Healing
|id        = Mencari Dokter
|id_tl     = Doctor Searching
|pt        = Procurando Ajuda Médica
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Doktor Arayışı
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Alla ricerca di un dottore
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}