{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Shikanoin Heizou
|actNum        = I
|act           = Trap 'Em by Storm
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|next          = The Missing Thing
|next2         = Report back
|next3         = 
|characters    = Paimon; Ryuuji; Sango; Shibata; Shikanoin Heizou; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Missing Person''' is a quest in [[Shikanoin Heizou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[Trap 'Em by Storm]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]]
# Ask around on [[Watatsumi Island]]
# Go to the east side of [[Watatsumi Island]] and look for [[Heizou]]
# Defeat Nobushi
#* {{Enemy|Nobushi: Hitsukeban|x=2}}
#* {{Enemy|Nobushi: Jintouban|x=2}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|x=2}}
# Talk to the young man you rescued
# Talk to Heizou

==Notes==
* The hangout event will be started with 3/6 hearts.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Bantan Sango Detective Agency issued a curious commission. You wonder what case it is that even detectives have gotten out of their depths.}}
===The Detective's Disappearance===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Bantan Sango Detective Agency)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 01.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' What if the Traveler is also unavailable... What am I supposed to do?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Well, that's your problem. It was your choice to get into this mess.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Oh, but fortunately for you, it appears your savior has just arrived.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 02.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Hmm? Ah, Traveler! Great, you made it.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'm available.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 03.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Well, it's not like you were ever really busy to begin with.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 03.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Ugh, Sango!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 04.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Compared to the Traveler, you're the one who has too much free time.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 04.ogg}} '''Sango:''' No, I'm very busy. I'm busy standing here... I have to stand here all day.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 05.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Even if it's a commission you're unwilling to take, your excuse is just pathetic.
:{{DIcon}} A commission you're unwilling to take?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 06.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Yes, that's why I've asked you to come over. Allow me to explain.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 07.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' A key member of the [[Tenryou Commission]] has recently gone missing. No one has seen them and their whereabouts are currently unknown.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 08.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' The Tenryou Commission has entrusted us to find this person discreetly because it would be a hassle for them to look for this person openly, for a variety of reasons.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 09.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Their name is...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 05.ogg}} '''Sango:''' [[Kujou Sara]]. That's right, the general has gone missing.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 10.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' *sigh* ...If the general was really missing, the Tenryou Commission would have flipped Inazuma on its head by now. And do you think they would only commission us for a case like that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 11.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Please ignore Sango's nonsense, Traveler. In fact, the missing person's name is [[Shikanoin Heizou]].
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 12.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' He works as a special detective at the Police Station. Although his rank is merely a [[Doushin]], he is quite competent and held in high regard by the Police Station.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 06.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Ah! Do they think he's more competent than me?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 13.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' *sigh* We get that you don't want to help, Sango, but could you at least try not to make things more difficult here.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 14.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Sorry Traveler, even though I accepted the commission...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 15.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' As you can see, Sango's less than thrilled to be involved in this case.
:{{DIcon}} Because the pay is too low?
:{{DIcon}} Because there are too few clues?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 07.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Nope! Not even close!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 08.ogg}} '''Sango:''' If you really want to know why, it's because I absolutely refuse to deal with that brat's nonsense.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 09.ogg}} '''Sango:''' The only news that could make me happier than "Shikanoin has gone missing," would be "Shikanoin has been missing for 100 years."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 16.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Ahem... Needless to say, Sango and Heizou have a bit of a history.
:{{DIcon}} I see what you mean... they're competitors.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 17.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Hum... Ah well, it's a little more serious than that.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 18.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' According to Sango, Heizou was an obstacle in her path to the "Temple of Truth"...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 sango 10.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Like a yappy dog that was constantly in the way!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 19.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' *sigh* Even though Heizou has... a "unique" personality, he's actually a nice guy. Really, I've learned a lot from him.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 20.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' So I can't just ignore this case, even if Sango doesn't approve. At the very least, I could entrust the commission to someone capable and trustworthy... like you, Traveler!
:{{DIcon}} I see, so you're outsourcing it to me.
:{{DIcon}} I see, so you're basically the middleman.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 21.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Huh? No no, it's not like that! Listen, I'll pay the entire amount originally promised by the Tenryou Commission, and I'll even personally throw in some additional funds.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 22.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' I'm really hoping you can take this commission, Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 23.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' If Heizou truly is in danger, I know he'll be safer with you by his side.
:{{DIcon}} Are you close with him?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 24.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Actually, we get along great, but Sango has always asked me to keep my distance and not to act like I know him in public settings.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 25.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' So, when people ask, I usually just say I've met Shikanoin a few times. If it hadn't been for today's incident, I'd...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 26.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Ahem... Well, let's not get into that. Anyway, could you please help look for him?
:{{DIcon}} No problem, but I'll need more information.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 27.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Great! We've learned that Heizou had expressed interest in [[Watatsumi Island]] before he disappeared.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 28.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' During the war, he apparently carried out some mission on Watatsumi Island, and once the war ended, he made frequent visits to the island.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 29.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' I heard you have a good standing with Sangonomiya. I think it might be a good idea to use that as a starting point for your investigation.

:{{DIcon}} Understood, I'll head there immediately.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903601 ryuji 30.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Well, that's about all I have to tell you. Oh, please take this commission letter from the Police Station. If you find Heizou, return there and report back to them.
:;(Obtain [[Tenryou Commission's Missing Person Poster]])

;(Talk to Ryuuji again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 01.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' There's no time for delay, Traveler. Oh, I sure hope Heizou isn't in any danger.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me more about Shikanoin Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 02.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Oh, Heizou is quite the lively fellow! He's super talkative, active, and energetic, and he's always on the move.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 03.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Sango always compares him to a buzzing housefly... which I guess must be because he can accurately sniff out every bad apple in the pile.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 04.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' In which case, Heizou isn't just some ordinary housefly, he's like the ace of flies!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 05.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Even with his nose plugged, eyes blindfolded, and ears covered, Heizou could still pinpoint the bad apples.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 06.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' His skills are amazing, it's almost as if he relies on something other than just his five senses... You know, like a sixth sense! Or maybe it's pure intuition? Or he has divine favor? It's gotta be something like that...
:{{DIcon}} I see what you're getting at, but I think that's enough of the fly metaphor for now.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 07.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' *sigh* Sango always says I make a fool of myself when I talk. I guess she's right...
:{{DIcon}} The whole fly metaphor is pretty bad, but I'd still like to hear more.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903602 ryuji 08.ogg}} '''Ryuuji:''' Ahem... Well, maybe we should chat another time. Sango is starting to stare at us.

;(Talk to Sango again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903603 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' You still haven't left yet? So perhaps you've changed your mind about looking for Heizou, huh? That would be best. Take it from me, getting involved with that guy is never a good idea.
:{{DIcon}} I'm curious, what's your issue with him?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903603 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Let me put it this way, it wouldn't bother me at all if he disappeared forever. That's my issue.
:{{DIcon}} (Smile slightly and nod along.)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903603 sango 03.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Don't give me that look. Everyone's allowed to have a few people they can't stand, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903603 sango 04.ogg}} '''Sango:''' *sigh* In any case, I guess you should get moving, before that Shikanoin causes too much trouble.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903603 sango 05.ogg}} '''Sango:''' By the way, if you do happen to come across any signs of a most unfortunate demise, be sure to notify me... It'll bring me great joy.

----

;(Ask around on Watatsumi Island)

;(Talk to Shibata)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903604 shibata 01.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Oh, it's you...! The captain of [[Watatsumi Army#Swordfish|Swordfish II]]! My name is Shibata. I'm in charge of the watch here. May I inquire as to what the captain needs?
:{{DIcon}} I'm here for information about a specific individual.

:'''You tell Shibata about the commission to find Heizou.'''

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903604 shibata 02.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' So his name is Shikanoin Heizou, huh? Yes, I'm familiar with the detective, he used to stroll around the area.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903604 shibata 03.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Her Excellency]] had assigned me to keep a close eye on him at the time, fearing that he would do something unpleasant, but I eventually realized that he acted more like he was on a trip or something.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903604 shibata 04.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Come to think of it, I believe he was recently spotted in the area east of the Sangonomiya Shrine. Please feel free to go there and take a look for yourself.

;(Talk to Shibata again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 shibata 01.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' If you are looking for the young detective, please go to the area east of the Sangonomiya Shrine.

----

;(Go to the east side of Watatsumi Island and look for Heizou)

;(Approach the Nobushi)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903607 heizou 01.ogg}} '''???:''' C'mon you guys, I'm nothing but a poor tourist with empty pockets. Please, just let me go.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903607 ronin 01.ogg}} '''Nobushi:''' Just shut up and stay put!

;(Defeat Nobushi and talk to the young man you rescued)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Well well, look who it is!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I was wondering who could be valiant enough to wipe the floor with these guys so easily, turns out it was the distinguished Traveler...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Really, I can't thank you enough, (Traveler)!
:{{DIcon}} Have we met?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Of course, I was aware of you long before you arrived in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Though the Sakoku Decree managed to keep the country locked up, it wasn't able to stop the incredible stories about you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 06.ogg}} '''???:''' Every day, all of those little stories would come scurrying over to my desk, like files with little feet.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 07.ogg}} '''???:''' I was actually thinking about going to meet you once I wrapped up the business at hand. Who woulda guessed that you'd show up first, hehe...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 08.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah, I got so excited that I nearly forgot to introduce myself.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ahem! The name's Shikanoin Heizou, special detective of the Tenryou Commission. It's a pleasure to meet you, Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I wish you all the best on your journey through Teyvat, by the way.
:{{DIcon}} I've been commissioned to come find you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Heh, I guess that means I've taken over as the main character in your story today.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I've always heard that you take commissions from all kinds of people, helping everyone out with everything you can imagine.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So now it's my turn to take your help, huh? Heh, don't mind if I do.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you curious about whose commission it is?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That was already obvious to me. It's no coincidence that you've arrived here.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' 'Cause that would be the stuff of an epic novel... the two protagonists of the story both travel to Watatsumi Island by chance, and cross paths as if by fate!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The Traveler from afar heroically rescues the weak and defenseless detective from the clutches of the ruthless Nobushi!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Traveler, you're so dreamy...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Unfortunately though, I don't believe in coincidences. So... guessing you came to me on the Police Station's commission, didn't you?
:{{DIcon}} How did you know that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm a detective. Can you guess what gave it away?

:{{DIcon}} You're an oracle!
::''(+1 Heart)''
:{{DIcon}} Did you deduce it from my demeanor?
:{{DIcon}} Did you deduce it from what I'm wearing?
:{{DIcon}} Did you deduce it from what I said?

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 20.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, sounds like you already have some ideas about the work of a detective.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 21.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let me ask you this... What's that your little sidekick is holding? If I'm not mistaken, it's a commission letter from the Police Station.

:'''Behind you, your "little sidekick" hastily hides the commission letter she was holding.'''

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What...? Uh, Paimon's just here to take a look...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And hey! Who are you calling a little sidekick? Paimon was worried (Traveler) might be in danger, so Paimon came to help!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, why are you two staring at Paimon? Is Paimon not supposed to be here?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not staring, I'm just taking a look.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 22.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yeah, I'm also just taking a look.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, (Traveler) can look, but you can't.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 23.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh c'mon, don't be like that. After all, this is the first time I've seen a Voice. I must admit, I'm most intrigued.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Voice? What are you talking about?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 24.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' A [[Vision]] is an external magical focus, right? Well, similarly, a Voice is an external voice box.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 25a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 25b.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I've heard that the Traveler isn't very talkative. But given how chatty you are, you must be (his/her) Voice, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds awful! Paimon's not somebody's voice! Paimon's emergency food!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No! Uh, wait! Gah, Paimon's so upset she can't think straight. Paimon is Paimon! How dare you give Paimon such a terrible nickname...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We came here to rescue you, but you actually opened the cage yourself... You were only pretending to be captured by the Nobushi, weren't you? Pretty suspicious if you ask Paimon...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come out with it, mister! What kind of schemes are you up to?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 26.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sheesh! For someone who says they don't want to be a Voice, you sure do talk a lot.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmmph!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I'd also like to know what you're doing here, Detective Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 27.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha. Well, let me think for a moment... Yes, all this started a long time ago, during the war...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 28.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Kujou Takayuki, who was head of the Tenryou Commission at the time, had secretly asked me to investigate the military capabilities of Sangonomiya.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 29.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But I had already grown tired of the guy for a while, hehe, so I simply treated the trip as a paid vacation. I had heard that Watatsumi Island is really beautiful.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 30.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As for the mission, I thought I'd just come up with some random excuses or whatever when I reported back.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 31.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But guess what, the first night I arrived on Watatsumi Island, I had a dream.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 32.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The dream contained only one message, an echo resounding from the depths of the earth that kept ringing in my ears, saying:
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Intuitive Commission===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Heizou presses his lips close to your ear and whispers:'''
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 33.ogg}} '''"Something vital is missing on this island..."'''

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 34.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Isn't that bizarre? Something vital has gone missing on this island... Has something evaporated into thin air? Hmm, what could it be?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon bets it must be something delicious!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, because the soil of Watatsumi Island can't grow crops, there's a shortage of food here!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 35.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh? Food, huh? How about you, (Traveler)? What do you think is missing?

:{{DIcon}} Hmm... it's missing music?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 36.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hmm, that was an unexpected response. It'd be right at home in a novel.

:{{DIcon}} Hmm... it's missing a deity?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 37.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You mean the [[Orobashi|Great Serpent]]? Well, that's an interesting answer, but the [[Ei|Electro Archon]] hasn't abandoned this place.

:{{DIcon}} Hmm... it's missing Paimon?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 38.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, perhaps Watatsumi Island doesn't value your little partner as much as you do.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 13a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 paimon 13b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! Well as long as (Traveler) still appreciates Paimon, then that's fine.

:{{DIcon}} Maybe it was just a dream.
::''(-1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 39.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You see now, I thought so too, but...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 40.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' After that, I had the same dream over and over again.

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 41.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Interestingly, I didn't have the same dream again after I left this place. So I became even more intrigued, was this really just some random dream?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 42.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Some people believe that dreams represent the divine's helping hand... which I suppose is understandable.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 43.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' However, if you ask me, dreams have nothing to do with the gods. Instead, they are flashes of intuition.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 44.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It was my intuition telling me that there was something important about this island that... POOF! suddenly vanished.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 45.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So I decided to accept this little commission from my intuition, and investigate to see if I could come up with any compelling findings.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 46.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Unfortunately, the investigation has had little progress up to this point.
:{{DIcon}} Does it have anything to do with these Nobushi?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 47.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Who knows... I felt there was something peculiar about them, so I pretended to get captured to see if there were any leads that would surface, and that's when you showed up.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry for interfering with your plans.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 48.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' No, don't worry about it. These guys were just a bunch of small fries. Besides, your arrival is much more important to me. I have a feeling you can help me find the answer to my dream.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 49.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So how would you like to partner up on this one? We can work together to solve the mystery.
:{{DIcon}} But I have a commission to fulfill, so I'll have to bring you back first.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 50.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yes, of course, I understand. But, let me ask one more question: Did the Police Station say they are looking for me because of something important?
:{{DIcon}} No, they didn't.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 51.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, then it's probably nothing major. Most likely they're short on staff or something petty like that, and they happened to remember their model employee.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 52.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, since we're already here, why don't we just solve this puzzle together?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 53.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Once everything is settled, I'll gladly accompany you back to the Police Station, or anywhere else you'd like to go. What do you think?

:{{DIcon}} Okay, I'm curious about your dream, too. I'll assist your investigation.
::''(+1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 54.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's a deal then, partner!
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 55.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So let's get started, shall we? First, we can search the camp for clues.
:;(Proceed to [[The Missing Thing#The Camp's Secret|The Camp's Secret]])

:{{DIcon}} I think your dream's really out there, but I'll tag along since you're determined to stay.
::''(+1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 56.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You really care about others, don't you? You'll make an excellent partner.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 57.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha. Well, let's get started, shall we? First, we can search the camp for clues.
:;(Proceed to [[The Missing Thing#The Camp's Secret|The Camp's Secret]])

:{{DIcon}} I'm curious about your dream, but it's my duty to bring you back
::''(+1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 58.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ah... what a sterling example of dedication!
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 59.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' In that case, I'll accompany you back to the Police Station first. We can discuss the issue of Watatsumi Island later.
:;(Proceed to [[Report back#The Police Station Register|The Police Station Register]])

:{{DIcon}} Your dream's really out there, so I think I should bring you back first. There's someone concerned about your safety.
::''(+1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 60.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Someone concerned about my safety? Then it must be Ryuuji, right? Haha, I suppose if you insist...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903605 heizou 61.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, I'll accompany you back to the Police Station first. We can discuss the issue of Watatsumi Island later.
:;(Proceed to [[Report back#The Police Station Register|The Police Station Register]])
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
Unused VOs
===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
* {{A|vo lyycop001 1903606 sango 01.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo lyycop001 1903606 sango 02.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo lyycop001 1903606 sango 03.ogg|1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Missing Person
|zhs     = 失落之人
|zhs_rm  = Shīluò zhī Rén
|zht     = 失落之人
|zht_rm  = Shīluò zhī Rén
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 行方不明
|ja_rm   = Yukuefumei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Missing Person
|ko      = 사라진 사람
|ko_rm   = Sarajin Saram
|ko_tl   = The Missing Person
|es      = La persona desaparecida
|es_tl   = The Missing Person
|fr      = La personne disparue
|fr_tl   = The Missing Person
|ru      = Потерявшийся
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ผู้ที่หายตัวไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Thất Lạc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Vermisste
|de_tl   = The Missing 
|id      = Orang Hilang
|id_tl   = Missing Person
|pt      = Pessoa Desiludida
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}