{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03014
|image         = Archon Quest C3A2 The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = II
|act           = The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings
|part          = 6
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dunyarzad; Nahida; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival
|next          = The End of the Sabzeruz Festival
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*625;Primogem*30;Mora*25,450;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival|chapter=3|act=2|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Nahida]]
# Head to the city gate to find a way out
# Organize your thoughts on the familiar bench in the city
# Talk to Nahida

==Gameplay Notes==
* The [[time]] cannot be changed while inside Sumeru City during the quest.
* If the player leaves Sumeru City, the quest progress will be reset.
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during the quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In your memory, you never seem to have tried to go outside the city, which is curious.<br>Today you decide to try...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Our memories are back!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go and try to leave the city today.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...About that... Well, where should Paimon begin...
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Paimon, what do you mean?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Traveler, aside from your memories that were just restored, I have another message for you.
:{{DIcon}} Another message? From who?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Listen to it and you'll understand.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 1 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' "...Can't go back... There are countless spaces here. Our [[Sabzeruz Festival]] in [[Sumeru City]] is just one of them..."
:{{DIcon}} This is... my own voice!?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, you should be missing two days' worth of memories. Paimon will fill you in...
:{{Black Screen|Two days ago.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...It's time to carry out our plan from yesterday!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go and try to leave the city today.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's go!

;(Talk to Nahida again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq011 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We don't have many more festivals to waste. Hurry and find the truth.

----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 merchant 01.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' ...Why can't we leave the city? What is the [[Akademiya]] up to now?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 guard 01.ogg}} '''Guard:''' Don't ask me. It's not like I can tell you anything. This is a direct order from the [[Azar|Grand Sage]]. Just wait until tomorrow.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 merchant 02.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' I have a real emergency. My goods have already arrived at [[Port Ormos]]. If I don't hurry, they'll be stolen...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 guard 02.ogg}} '''Guard:''' That's your problem. Make sure you make a request in advance next time.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 merchant 03.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' B&mdash;But it's not like you can just predict business matters in advance... *sigh*
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like the Akademiya already announced a lockdown for Sumeru City today. How completely unsurprising...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go and question them.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello sir, why can't we leave the city today?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 guard 03.ogg}} '''Guard:''' Here we go again... Don't ask me, I don't know either.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 guard 04.ogg}} '''Guard:''' We just received an order that no one is allowed to enter or exit Sumeru today. They didn't tell us anything else.
:{{DIcon}} Of course the Akademiya wouldn't share their plans with a pawn.
:{{DIcon}} So the Akademiya doesn't trust you at all.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 guard 05.ogg}} '''Guard:''' Hmph, angering me won't get you anywhere. If I had that kind of insider info, I would have left this stupid post a long time ago.

:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like he really doesn't know.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we can't get anything out of him, let's take matters into our own hands. Why don't we climb over the walls? Those guards can't be everywhere at once.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is a good spot, and the guard hasn't noticed us at all. Let's hurry...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, stay here.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Why? Are you going to leave Paimon behind?
:{{DIcon}} Leaving the city might trigger disruptions to our memories...
:{{DIcon}} We need someone to stay and witness events from this side.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But what if things get really weird out there and you get into some trouble? T&mdash;Then Paimon won't be able to help you!
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon knows that Paimon can't do much, but we've always been together, haven't we?
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} If we leave together, it'll just be the same as before.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Okay, Paimon will wait for you.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Promise Paimon that you'll come back as soon as possible. Just a quick look!
:{{DIcon}} Okay, okay...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And please be careful!
;(A scene transition occurs)
:;(If the Traveler disconnects)
::;(Talk to the Merchant again, optional)
::::{{A|vo dialog xmaq013 merchant 01.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' *sigh* Can you understand the feeling of having Mora slip right through your fingers? How can these people be so unreasonable...
::;(Approach Nahida)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... Memories...!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go and try to leave the city today.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler! W&mdash;W&mdash;Waaaaaah!!!
;(Paimon rushes to the Traveler and cries on their chest, startling the Traveler)
:{{DIcon}} W&mdash;What's wrong, Paimon!?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought Paimon would never see you again! Y&mdash;You just disappeared!
;(A flashback is briefly shown of Paimon waiting at the wall with an unhappy expression)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon waited for you for hours and hours at the city wall, and you never came back! You promised Paimon that you were only taking a quick look! *sniff*
:{{DIcon}} W&mdash;What did I promise?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 01b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Paimon, calm down. {{MC|He|She|mc=1}}'s here now. I don't think {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} understood what you were saying.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sniff*... Paimon doesn't care. Paimon wanted to go look for you, but you also said that Paimon should stay... Paimon was so worried and so scared the entire day...
;(A flashback is briefly shown of Paimon unhappily getting antsy at the wall)
:{{DIcon}} Although I don't remember doing any of this...
::{{DIcon}} I won't leave you behind.
:{{DIcon}} Still... Sorry, Paimon.
::{{DIcon}} I won't leave you behind.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sniff* ...Okay, Paimon will forgive you. The most important thing is that you didn't actually disappear... Paimon was so scared that you had gone into another world!
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Okay, Paimon, can you tell us your perspective of what really happened yesterday...
:{{Black Screen|Paimon describes your plan from yesterday...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I see. Using two people's different perspectives...
;(A flashback begins, showing the Traveler rapidly fading as they walked away from the city)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After that, you left the city. Paimon kept her eyes on you the whole time, but then you disappeared in an instant...
:{{DIcon}} You sure that's what you saw? You weren't zoning out or anything?
;(The flashback ends)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way! Paimon was watching you with the fullest attention.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' What's your perspective, Traveler? You sure you don't have any memory of this?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I don't even know that "yesterday" existed.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I guess that explains everything. You also lost your memories the last two times you tried to leave the city. Those days' memories can't be awoken.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So if we leave the city, our memories will be completely erased?
:{{DIcon}} So they didn't just restrict access to Sumeru City...
:{{DIcon}} They're also erasing the memories of those who leave...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It really sounds like something big outside of the city is being hidden on purpose!
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But this way, we'll also never discover what's outside...
:{{DIcon}} If our memories will be erased...
:{{DIcon}} Can we leave behind something other than memories?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something like a message? But how can we send it back?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Don't look at me like that. I... I'm not used to being stared at.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Well... Okay, okay. You want something that can pass on messages, right? Give me some time, and take care of [[Dunyarzad]] for me.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! Now we're talking!
:{{color|menu|After a long wait.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...I'm done. Here you go.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Isn't this just an [[Akasha Terminal]]?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I made some little changes. Akasha Terminals are already capable of sending messages. I just tweaked it so that it can connect to any node.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To make something like this... Nahida, you really know the Akasha like the back of your hand! Anyway, we can use this now to record a message, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yep. I will help you save the messages. It should be pretty easy to use. I just can't guarantee the user's status and signal coverage when they're outside the city...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll never know until we try! At least we're taking the initiative now!
:{{DIcon}} It's worth a try.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go then. Let's expose those sages!
:{{DIcon}} I still think you should stay.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh... Alright. Paimon isn't as worried about being separated since it happened once yesterday, but... Paimon still isn't happy about it...
:{{DIcon}} See you tomorrow, Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 3 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay! See you tomorrow, Traveler!
;(A scene transition occurs)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...That covers everything that's happened so far.
:{{DIcon}} So that message...
:{{DIcon}} Was what I left for myself when I left the city?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes. Although the signal was choppy and had some interference, we still managed to receive two messages from you when you were outside.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, now that you understand what's going on, let's hear the messages together!
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 4 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' "...Can't go back... There are countless spaces here. Our Sabzeruz Festival in Sumeru City is just one of them..."
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 hero 02.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 4 heroine 02.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' "...I've entered another space... Before me are flowing sandstone and howling fish... Impossible and surreal sights..."
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 hero 03.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 4 heroine 03.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' "...All these spaces are empty except for the occasional ones that contain mute puppets rather than people... I can't sense any human presence..."
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...That's one heck of an info dump! It sounds like you left the Sumeru City space when you set foot outside of the walls.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But everything looked completely normal when Paimon was looking out from the inside! That's unbelievable. And if we take your word for it, the other spaces all had very weird contents...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There's one final part here... I only received it late last night.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 hero 04.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 4 heroine 04.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' ...These spaces have been disappearing one after the other... Absorbed by something like a sun in the sky...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 hero 05.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 4 heroine 05.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' *beep* ...And now, even the final space has also disappeared...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 hero 06.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 4 heroine 06.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' ...Behind me, a lot of spaces just appeared again from thin air... I get it now! Those spaces are actually&mdash;
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' *buzz*
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... Ugh, why did the message end right there? What did the Traveler want to say? What are those spaces?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Probably because "yesterday" just happened to end at that moment.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right, Paimon did hear a beep from the Akasha. Did it come from here or from the message?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The message. It should've come from the Traveler's Akasha Terminal.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After the beep, Traveler said, "Even the final space has also disappeared..."
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Traveler, what do you think that "final space" could have been?
----
;(The Traveler enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Select - Spaces Without Human Presence)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 11.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 11.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' All the bizarre spaces I saw outside the city had one thing in common: a lack of human presence.

;(Select - The Real World)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 15.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 15.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' ..Was that space actually the real world? But wouldn't a real space just randomly disappearing like that be catastrophic?

;(Select - The Space Where We Were Yesterday)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 16.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 16.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' My impression is that each day in this samsara only ends at the sound of that beep from the Akasha.

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 23.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 23.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' That doesn't sound right... I need to carefully think things through...

;(Submit the correct association - The Space Where We Were Yesterday)
;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{color|menu|After going over what happened in detail, you believe the only plausible explanation is "The Space Where We Were Yesterday."}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, so that's what it is! After the sound of the beep, the final space &mdash; the Sabzeruz Festival &mdash; also disappears, and we're taken to the next day.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Later on, Traveler also mentioned a bunch of new spaces materializing behind them... Do lots of new spaces appear every day?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's head is spinning... Just what are these "spaces," anyhow?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Well, consider this, for all the horrors of the [[Archon War]], at its heart, it was just a game where a bunch of gods fought over seven seats.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So no matter how strange or spooky things might look on the surface, maybe all they point to in the end is a small and simple secret.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, the Archon War, huh? That's an analogy and a half.
:{{DIcon}} A "secret," huh...
::{{DIcon}} Give me some time. I need to organize my thoughts.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, where are you going?

;(Talk to Nahida again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq013 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Well, consider this, for all the horrors of the Archon War, at its heart, it was just a game where a bunch of gods fought over seven seats.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq013 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So no matter how strange or spooky things might look on the surface, maybe all they point to in the end is a small and simple secret.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you want some alone time to think? Alright then, Paimon won't disturb you.
;(The time fast forwards)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 5 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' ...The Dance of Sabzeruz is about to begin. I'm going to go watch it.
:{{DIcon}} The Dance of Sabzeruz... It's that time already...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, um... Why don't you go ahead, Dunyarzad? We still have some other stuff to do first.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 5 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Okay then. See you later.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you figured it out yet, Traveler? Time is ticking away.
:{{DIcon}} I think I know the answer now.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Awesome! What is it? Paimon wants to know! ...Wait, no, let's meet up with Nahida first. You can tell us both together. This time, we're gonna get to the truth!
----
;(Talk to Nahida)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You're back. I've been waiting forever for you two. Judging by the looks on your faces...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Are you ready to take your Sabzeruz Exam and graduate from the festival?
:{{DIcon}} Ask away, Miss Nahida.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, okay, first off... Have you discovered the hidden truth?
----
;(The Traveler enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Select - Information on the Akasha)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 08.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 08.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Okay, Nahida said, "The Akasha relies on the power of a [[Gnosis]] to operate, as it is the manifestation of the God of Wisdom's power. It compiles the wisdom of the entire populace, and it grants knowledge to the people."

;(Select - The Sabzeruz Festival Samsara)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 06.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 06.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' We've already experienced the Sabzeruz Festival many times. And... the day of the festival seems to be in a perpetual samsara.

;(Select - Spaces Without Human Presence)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 11.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 11.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' All the bizarre spaces I saw outside the city had one thing in common: a lack of human presence.
:;(Unlocks Dreams With No Human Presence)

;(Select - Dreams With No Human Presence)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 12.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 12.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Those spaces remind me of... dreams. Like the one I had in the [[Avidya Forest]], except these have no sign of human presence.

;(Select - Alchemical Divination Results)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' The Moon, illusions, and lies... What do they all mean?

;(Select - People from Sumeru Do Not Dream)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 07.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 07.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' People in Sumeru don't dream. What a strange phenomenon.

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 23.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 23.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' That doesn't sound right... I need to carefully think things through...

;(Submit the wrong association)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 24.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 24.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Hmm... I can't seem to cohesively piece everything together.

;(Submit the correct association - People from Sumeru Do Not Dream and Dreams With No Human Presence)
;(Select - The Truth Behind Dreams)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 19.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 19.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' We are all in a dream. It isn't that the people of Sumeru don't dream. Rather, the Akasha is taking their dreams from them.

;(Submitting the correct conclusion - The Truth Behind Dreams)
;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{color|menu|After going over what happened in detail, you finally understand what "The Truth Behind Dreams" means.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' People in Sumeru think they don't dream, but the truth is, the Akasha steals their dreams without them knowing it.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And those spaces with no human presence are stolen dreams without their host? That would explain why they sounded so weird when {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} was trying to describe them...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, so people in Sumeru do dream after all. In fact, we're all in one big dream together right now!
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Correct answer. Now, how did you conclude that the Akasha is capable of this?
----
;(The Traveler enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Select - The Akasha's Operation Requires a Gnosis)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The Akasha relies on the power of a Gnosis to operate.

;(Select - The Akasha Is a Manifestation of the God of Wisdom's Power)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It is a manifestation of the God of Wisdom's power.

;(Select - It Compiles the Wisdom of the Entire Populace)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It compiles the wisdom of the entire populace.

;(Select - And It Grants Knowledge to the People)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And it grants knowledge to the people.

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 23.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 23.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' That doesn't sound right... I need to carefully think things through...

;(Submit the correct conclusion - The Akasha Is a Manifestation of the God of Wisdom's Power)
;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{color|menu|After going over what happened in detail, you believe the only plausible explanation is "The Akasha Is a Manifestation of the God of Wisdom's Power."}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, okay. [[Aranara|Those dream-controlling creatures in the forest]] also get their power from the Dendro Archon, right? That would explain why the Akasha has the ability to control people's dreams, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... is stealing everyone's dreams really how the Akasha compiles their wisdom? Isn't there anything more to it than that?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Dreams are fantastical, complex, and full of imagination. People's brains are the most active when they're dreaming.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In other words, dreams are rich bundles of human wisdom.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So in other words, the complete opposite of how [[Haypasia]] understood it...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers her saying that the sages think dreams are "foolish delusions," and the fact that no one dreams is a blessing from [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]... Hmph, so it was all a dirty trick!?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The real story is that the sages from the Akademiya are using the Akasha to steal people's dreams for their own use, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, and they don't intend to stop there.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Oh? By the sounds of it, you understand the current situation pretty well. So then, what about this samsara?
----
;(The Traveler enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Select - The Akasha's Sound)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 10.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 10.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' The beep is a prompt tone for Akasha operations. We still hear it every night, even though we removed our Akasha Terminals.

;(Select - The Appearance and Disappearance of Spaces)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 13.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 13.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Those spaces kept disappearing before my eyes, but as soon as that beep sounded, many more spaces materialized.
:;(Unlocks The Appearance and Disappearance of Dreams)

;(Select - The Appearance and Disappearance of Dreams)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 14.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 14.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Those dreamscapes kept vanishing, but as soon as that beep sounded, more new spaces appeared.

;(Select - The Grand Sage's Speech)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 03.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 03.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' The Grand Sage said, "Go celebrate the birth of that god to your heart's content." Did he mean something more?

;(Select - Abnormal Mental Fatigue)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 05.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 05.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' My mind feels exhausted, even though I haven't done too much thinking. What is going on?

;(Select - The Sabzeruz Samsara)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 06.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 06.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' We've already experienced the Sabzeruz Festival many times. And... the day of the festival seems to be in a perpetual samsara.

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 23.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 23.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' That doesn't sound right... I need to carefully think things through...

;(Submit the wrong association)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 24.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 24.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Hmm... I can't seem to cohesively piece everything together.

;(Submit the correct association - The Appearance and Disappearance of Dreams and The Sabzeruz Samsara)

;(Submit the correct conclusion - Mass Production of Dreams)
;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{color|menu|After going over what happened in detail, you believe the only plausible explanation is "Mass Production of Dreams."}}
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Correct. The Akasha is keeping each person's brain in a constant dream state, but also separating their consciousness from their own dream.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Their disembodied consciousness is placed inside the collective dream of the Sabzeruz Festival along with everyone else's, while their now-vacant dreams are harvested by the Akasha.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No one is any the wiser as another day passes in the dream, and so begins another samsara cycle...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' People "wake up" to yet another dream about the Sabzeruz Festival, the dreams that belong to them are once again harvested by the Akasha... and so it continues.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... this is like a dream factory, and the Akasha is... a dream-harvesting machine. Did Paimon get that analogy right?
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Very good, Paimon. Using analogies well is an excellent habit to get into.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so that beep we keep hearing is actually from our real-life Akasha Terminals... Taking off our terminals in this dream doesn't do anything...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Alright, last question... Who am I?
----
;(The Traveler enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Select - The Moon)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 20.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 20.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' They say that alchemical divination is the Dendro Archon's divine revelation. So then, if Nahida has referred to herself as the Moon...

;(Select - Illusions)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 21.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 21.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Now that I think about it, wasn't "illusions" a hint that we're all dreaming?

;(Select - Lies)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 22.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 22.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Now that I think about it, wasn't "illusions" hinting at the Sages' deception of Sumeru's people?

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 23.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 23.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' That doesn't sound right... I need to carefully think things through...

;(Submit the correct conclusion - The Moon)
;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe. So you noticed.
:{{DIcon}} You are [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]].
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Aww, I thought that one would be the hardest question. That's why I put it last.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pff, that wasn't hard at all. Even Paimon guessed that! Everything about you is different. We just didn't wanna expose you is all.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that you mention it... Nahida, you've been hinting to us since the very beginning...
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's funny thinking back to when we were asking all over the place for info about Lesser Lord Kusanali. Paimon didn't expect to meet you like this!
:{{DIcon}} I have a lot of questions for you.
:{{DIcon}} But this doesn't seem like a good time.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, those can wait until we're back in real life.
:{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' On the other hand, I'd be happy to answer any more questions you have about here and now.
:{{DIcon}} Why couldn't you simply tell us the truth?
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You asked me this question before. My answer was: "It would literally blow your minds."
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Now that you know this is all a dream, this answer should hopefully make more sense...
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Have you heard the saying "Don't wake a sleepwalker"? Likewise, if someone suddenly had told you all of this instead of you learning it on your own...
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Your notion of reality and dream would be thrown into irreversible confusion. I couldn't expose you to that kind of risk.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's why I could only give you very subtle hints and some suggestions. Long story short, I'm really sorry I had to keep you guessing.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} How do the sages manage to keep people from noticing this?
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Firstly, this dream we're in is completely based on reality. People have already experienced this Sabzeruz Festival, so it would be very difficult for them to find anything that strikes them as surreal.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 24.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Secondly, you're probably wondering why people don't have any memories from earlier samsara, right?
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 25.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's because people don't remember their dreams most of the time anyway. And in any case, their actual dreams are being taken away from them by the Akasha...
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 26.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So whenever they "wake up" in this dream of the Sabzeruz Festival, they don't remember anything from their previous, identical dream.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That reminds Paimon. Traveler had a dream when we were in the Avidya Forest, but couldn't say what it was about after waking up. Is that an example of what you mean?
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 27.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes. Only after receiving the blessing of [[Dendro]] can a person gain the Dendro element's dream-enhancing power. That explains the feelings of déjà vu.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 28.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Meanwhile, everyone else has no idea that they are in a Sabzeruz Festival samsara while their dreams are stolen from them over and over again.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the side effects of a "mass-produced dream"...
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can humans really keep dreaming forever like this? Will it ever end? And if so, when?
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 29.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You might say your mental fatigue has already answered this question. Eventually, there is only so much that people can tolerate.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 30.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Especially those whose health is compromised to begin with... like Dunyarzad. This relentless exploitation takes an even harder toll on them.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' People's lives are at stake here, and nobody knows a thing... We've gotta put a stop to this!
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Why is the dream about the Sabzeruz Festival?
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 31.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I know, right? Why did they have to base this dream on my birthday? Could it really just be a coincidence?
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even you don't know the reason? Wow, now that's strange.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 32.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The Akademiya's sages are determined to harvest lots of dreams in a short time, no matter the cost. They have to be up to no good. Unfortunately, I don't know anything about it.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 33.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Traveler, do you have any information?
::;(The Traveler enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})
::
::;(Select - Dreams Without Human Presence)
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' Those spaces remind me of... dreams. Like the one I had in the Avidya Forest, except these have no sign of human presence.
::
::;(Select - Information on the Akasha)
:::{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 08.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 08.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Okay, Nahida said, "The Akasha relies on the power of a Gnosis to operate, as it is the manifestation of the God of Wisdom's power. It compiles the wisdom of the entire populace, and it grants knowledge to the people."
::
::;(Select - The Grand Sage's Speech)
:::{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 03.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 03.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' The Grand Sage said, "Go celebrate the birth of that god to your heart's content." Did he mean something more?
::
::;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:::{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 23.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 23.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' That doesn't sound right... I need to carefully think things through...
::
::;(Submit the correct conclusion - The Grand Sage's Speech)
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 34.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' "Celebrate the birth of that god"...
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 35.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Could it mean...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I don't have any more questions.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 36.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Deceiving the people of Sumeru with no regard for their safety... No matter what they're trying to do, this is unforgivable.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 37.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' After we end the Sabzeruz Festival samsara, we have to look into them...
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can the sages of the Akademiya do this behind their Archon's back? This is ridiculous!
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 38.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In the end, I'm just the Moon. The real Sun is long gone.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A Sun and a Moon... Nahida's talking in riddles again...
::{{A|Akasha Terminal Beep.ogg}} '''???:''' *beep*
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're out of time today.
::{{A|vo xmaq013 6 nahida 39.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'll tell you how to break free of the samsara tomorrow. See you then...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Attempting to Leave Sumeru City===
{{Transclude|The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival|Attempting to leave Sumeru City}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to the merchant after the flashback)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq013 merchant 01.ogg}} '''Merchant:''' *sigh* Can you understand the feeling of having Mora {{sic|slips}} right though your fingers? How can these people be so unreasonable.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
* While performing the actions from the previous two days, the screen has a grainy sepia effect, and the corners of the screen are dark.
{{Transclude|The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings|steins;gate reference|section=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival
|zhs     = 空幻回响的花神诞祭
|zhs_rm  = Kōnghuàn Huíxiǎng de Huāshéndànjì
|zht     = 空幻迴響的花神誕祭
|zht_rm  = Kōnghuàn Huíxiǎng de Huāshéndànjì
|zh_tl   = The Void Echoes of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ja      = 空幻に響く花神誕祭
|ja_rm   = Kuugen ni Hibiku Kashin Tansai
|ja_tl   = Flower God's Birthday Festival Echoing in the Empty Illusion
|ko      = 환상이 메아리치는 화신 탄신 축제
|ko_rm   = Hwansang-i Mearichineun Hwasin Tansin Chukje
|ko_tl   = Illusion Echoing Flower God's Birthday Festival
|es      = Las ilusiones vacías del Festival Sabzeruz
|es_tl   = The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival
|fr      = L'écho du Festival Sabzeruz
|fr_tl   = The Echo of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ru      = Эхо иллюзий Сабзеруза
|ru_tl   = The Echo of Sabzeruz Illusions
|th      = ห้วงลวงสะท้อนเทศกาล Sabzeruz
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lễ Hội Sabzeruz Trống Rỗng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das widerhallende Sabzeruz-Fest
|de_tl   = The Resounding Sabzeruz Festival
|id      = Ilusi Hampa Festival Sabzeruz
|id_tl   = Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival
|pt      = Ilusões Ecoantes do Festival Sabzeruz
|pt_tl   = Echoing Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival
|tr      = Sabzeruz Festivalinin Boş Yanılsamaları
|tr_tl   = Sabzeruz Festival's Empty Illusions
|it      = Le vacue illusioni del Festival del Sabzeruz
|it_tl   = The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}

[[es:Las ilusiones vacías del Festival Sabzeruz]]
[[ja:空幻に響く花神誕祭]]
[[vi:Lễ Hội Sabzeruz Trống Rỗng]]