{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20063
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Jack
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Cyrus; Jack; Stanley; Paimon; Traveler
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''The Best Audience in All of Mondstadt''''' is a repeatable [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Jack]]
#Find the monster based on Jack's description.
#* Possible monsters: Pyro Slime, Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard, Cryo Slime
#Defeat the monster.
#Talk to Jack.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|An adventure story has gotten [[Jack]] all excited, He's desperate for someone to help him track down the monster from the story...}}
===Pyro Slime Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Jack)
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* What I would give to see it for myself...
:{{DIcon}} See what?
:'''Jack:''' Whoa, how long have you been there!?
:'''Jack:''' Yesterday, Stanley got drunk and told me all about this adventure he once had at {{Color|buzzword|Dadaupa Gorge}}.
:'''Jack:''' He said, and I quote: "The monster was burning fiercely as its amorphous body wriggled slowly towards me... I fought and I screamed, but it didn't seem to do anything; the monster just looked at me contemptuously with those eyes... those terrifying eyes..."
:'''Jack:''' Obviously I wasn't there to see it, but... if even Stanley felt he had met his match that time, it must have been one epic adventure.
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* I am so tempted to try and find the monster that even Stanley struggled to beat... Just to see it...
:'''Jack:''' But knowing what I'm like in a fight, it would probably end in me getting beaten up and running away.
:'''Jack:''' Hey, do you think maybe you could go find the monster for me? Only if you're interested, of course.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Jack:''' Brilliant! Knew I could rely on you.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go together.
::'''Jack:''' Oh boy, I would love to... But unfortunately, I have a million other things that need doing.
::'''Jack:''' When I say "other things..." Unfortunately, just doing adventures for the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild doesn't bring in enough of an income.
::'''Jack:''' So I've taken to doing a bunch of odd jobs for people around town. Finding missing cats, cutting the grass, you name it...
::'''Jack:''' So the epic adventure of Stanley-scaring proportions is all yours. Tell me all about the monster when you get back, I want to hear everything!

;(Talk to Jack again)
:'''Jack:''' "The monster was burning fiercely as its amorphous body wriggled slowly towards me... I fought and I screamed, but it didn't seem to do anything; the monster just looked at me contemptuously with those eyes... those terrifying eyes..."
:'''Jack:''' That's how Stanley described the monster. He also said that he only managed to defeat it because eventually &mdash; and this took every last ounce of his strength, apparently &mdash; he extinguished the flames on its body.
:'''Jack:''' But every time I ask him how, he refuses to elaborate. I wonder what tricks Stanley is hiding up his sleeve...
----
;(Upon finding the monster)
:'''Paimon:''' Uh-oh! Something's coming, there really is something here after all!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, it's just a Slime. Although... it is burning, and wriggling too...

;(After defeating the monster)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon really can't see how this is the same monster Jack was talking about...
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe he just got his monster facts mixed up? Anyway, let's go and find him.
----
;(Report back to Jack)
:'''Stanley:''' Jack, hear me out... It's not like that...
:'''Jack:''' But... Ah, you're back! How was it? Did you find the monster?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, although...
:'''Jack:''' A Pyro Slime... Is that it? Impossible. That's not how Stanley described it at all!
:'''Jack:''' Good thing the man himself is right here! Go on Stanley, tell them about that adventure.
:'''Jack:''' You know, the monster who burned fiercely...
:'''Stanley:''' Oh, uh... that one, yeah, yeah... I was, uh, really drunk that day and... you know, I just don't remember it so clearly&mdash;
:'''Jack:''' Not a problem my good friend! I remember everything you told me &mdash; look, I have it written down here, word for word.
:'''Stanley:''' Wow... But hey Jack, I just remembered this other story I totally forgot to tell you about before! It's from way, way back when I was...

===Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard Version===
;(Talk to Jack)
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* When oh when will I finally become an epic Adventurer...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Jack:''' Oh, hi... Yesterday, Cyrus was telling me about an adventure he once had. It was in the {{Color|buzzword|Stormbearer Mountains}}.
:'''Jack:''' In his words: "That huge shield was like something out of a nightmare, no matter how hard my sword struck it, it just wouldn't budge... Meanwhile, the monster sneered at me from behind the shield, glaring contemptuously with those eyes... those terrifying eyes..."
:'''Jack:''' A Wooden Shield impervious to attacks... I would give anything to see that with my own eyes.
:'''Jack:''' But I have a billion other things to do that I just can't get out of... I can't begin to imagine what kind of terrifying monster would have a shield like the one Stanley described...
:'''Jack:''' Hey, so... If you were at all interested, maybe you could go and find the monster for me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Jack:''' Fantastic! Thanks so much. I want to hear all about it when you get back - every last detail!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go together.
::'''Jack:''' You want me to come? Sorry, I just can't. The Adventurers' Guild has a load of odd jobs waiting for me.
::'''Jack:''' Adventures just aren't that lucrative these days. Even though I got these jobs via the Adventurers' Guild, in actual fact most of them are just running errands for other people.
::'''Jack:''' I need to herd some boars for Draff, find Margaret's cat, pick some fresh flowers for Flora...
::'''Jack:''' ...Not quite the sorts of adventures I was imagining when I signed up with the Guild. Haha.

;(Talk to Jack again)
:'''Jack:''' "That huge shield was like something out of a nightmare, no matter how hard my sword struck it, it just wouldn't budge... Meanwhile, the monster sneered at me from behind the shield, glaring contemptuously with those eyes... those terrifying eyes..."
:'''Jack:''' That's what Cyrus told me. I remember it very specifically.
:'''Jack:''' He also told me that the key to defeating this monster was focusing on the shield first and finding a clever way to quickly destroy it.
:'''Jack:''' Otherwise, once he lifts his shield up there's just no way to get a hit on him. No matter how good your swordsmanship is.
:'''Jack:''' Finally, Cyrus said, this monster waits for the perfect opportunity to strike. As soon as you let your guard down, even for a split second, it unleashes its ferocious attack.
:'''Jack:''' The ability to take down a monster like that is what makes Cyrus a true giant among Adventurers.
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* I don't think I could ever hope to reach that level...
----
;(Upon finding the monster)
:'''Paimon:''' Look out! There's something coming!
:'''Paimon:''' It's, it's... a hilichurl? Huh. Although... it has a shield, and they do have a habit of sneering...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Surely the monster Jack was describing can't have been a silly hilichurl?

;(After defeating the monster)
:'''Paimon:''' Is it just Paimon or do neither the shield nor the monster Jack described match what we encountered here?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon reckons he just got two different stories mixed up. Anyway, let's go and find him.
----
;(Report back to Jack)
:'''Cyrus:''' Jack, I'm telling you, adventuring is something you need to go out and do for yourself...
:'''Jack:''' I appreciate that, but... Oh, you're back! How was it? Found the monster?
:{{DIcon}} Yup.
:'''Jack:''' Amazing! What was it? ...Sorry? Did you just say a hilichurl? With a regular wooden shield?
:'''Jack:''' No way, that's just not possible. Cyrus must have been talking about something else... Are you sure you went to the right place?
:'''Jack:''' Good thing Cyrus is right here so he can clear it up. Cyrus, what  do you make of this?
:'''Cyrus:''' Hmm... Er... Yes, you're absolutely right Jack, certainly not the same monster that I encountered.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Why is Cyrus winking at us like his life depends on it?
:'''Jack:''' Hahaha... Well I never. In a way it's a good thing &mdash; if such terrifying monsters were that easy to find, I'd never dare set foot outside the city!
:'''Jack:''' Thank you for your efforts. I must be going now, I have business to attend to.
----
;(After Jack leaves)
:'''Cyrus:''' ...Alright, I'm sorry. Please, stop looking at me like that.
:{{DIcon}} So... a hilichurl?
:'''Cyrus:''' Yes, alright, it's true. It was just a hilichurl in that story I told.
:'''Cyrus:''' *sigh* But look... As you know, every young person in Mondstadt has their heart set on joining the Knights of Favonius. Trying to convince them to sign up with the Adventurers' Guild is like trying to get Barbatos to trade his Holy Lyre for two twigs and a ball of string...
:'''Cyrus:''' The reason? The Knights of Favonius takes on dragons while the Adventurers' Guild is stuck dealing with the likes of the hilichurls.
:'''Cyrus:''' Our recruitment drive desperately needs more gripping stories... Otherwise, we're just not going to sign up a single new recruit.
:'''Cyrus:''' I know making up stories is futile... But what else can I do? I'm far too old to be going out there fighting epic battles against legendary monsters for real.
:'''Cyrus:''' *sigh* I do worry for the future of Mondstadt's Adventurers' Guild after I retire...

===Cryo Slime Version===
;(Talk to Jack)
:'''Jack:''' I just want to get out there on an adventure...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Jack:''' Stanley told me another one of his stories yesterday.
:'''Jack:''' This time he was even drunker than usual, so it was quite incoherent... But from what I could tell, it took place near {{Color|buzzword|Dawn Winery}}.
:'''Jack:''' The salient parts of his drunken ramblings were as follows... "There were ominous-looking ice crystals on the monster's body, as if to make it look larger, more intimidating... My legs froze with fear as I frantically flailed my weapon around... I dislodged a few shards of ice; brilliant, shining ice... Air Somehow I was transfixed by that ice..."
:'''Jack:''' I can't imagine the kind of monster it would take for even Stanley to feel like he'd finally met his match.
:'''Jack:''' Oh, I do wish I could go and see it for myself... But knowing me, it'd have me running for my life before I got anywhere near it.
:'''Jack:''' ...You'd be fine, though. Would you be willing to go look for it for me?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Jack:''' Excellent! When you find it, come back and tell me all about it!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go together.
::'''Jack:''' I'd really love to come. But with everything that's going on with the Adventurers' Guild... You know how it is.
::'''Jack:''' Cyrus looks like he's about to retire &mdash; says he wants to settle down in Springvale.
::'''Jack:''' Herman hasn't left the city once since his daughter was born. It's such a loss. He was our star Adventurer, no doubt about it.
::'''Jack:''' Meanwhile, Stanley's on extended leave and hasn't been on an adventure in ages.
::'''Jack:''' The Guild has started taking on odd jobs from the publics as way to cover its running costs, but they're still struggling to find people to do them.
::'''Jack:''' So it's fallen to me to cover the shortage. We can't expect Bennett to do it, he's got more than enough to deal with already.

;(Talk to Jack again)
:'''Jack:''' "There were ominous-looking ice crystals on the monster's body, as if to make it look larger, more intimidating... My legs froze with fear as I frantically flailed my weapon around... I dislodged a few shards of ice; brilliant, shining ice... Air Somehow I was transfixed by that ice..."
:'''Jack:''' I think that's the gist of what Stanley told me. As I say, though, he was totally hammered by that point and what I actually got was the word salad version. Ironically, although he continued the story after sobering up, that's the part I don't remember so well...
:'''Jack:''' In principle, of course, you'd tackle a Cryo monster with Pyro.
:'''Jack:''' But that's easier said than done. Quite how much Pyro you would need to repel Cryo power of that magnitude is beyond me...
----
;(Upon finding the monster)
:'''Paimon:''' There's something there! It's true, it's all true!
:'''Paimon:''' Er... a Slime? A big one, for sure, but still just a Slime.
:'''Paimon:''' The ice shards and ice crystals Jack was going on about &mdash; surely they weren't just from an annoying Cryo Slime...

;(After defeating the monster)
:'''Paimon:''' That was a chilly encounter, for sure... but nothing like the Cryo power of the magnitude Jack was suggesting.
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever, let's just get back. Paimon guesses Jack's just not a stickler for detail.
----
;(Report back to Jack)
:'''Stanley:''' Ugh... I think I've had too much to drink again, I've got a headache setting in and my memory's gone foggy...
:'''Jack:''' Not to worry &mdash; I sent someone out to investigate. Did you find the monster?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, but...
:'''Jack:''' ...Cryo Slime? Hmm. That doesn't seem to fit with the story Stanley told me.
:'''Jack:''' You didn't go to the wrong place, did you? Hey Stanley, what's your take on this?
:'''Stanley:''' *cough* *cough* Guess what? I just remembered this other story I never told you. Jack, you'll definitely want to hear this one!
:'''Jack:''' But the Cryo Slime thing...
:'''Stanley:''' I guarantee you've never heard anything like this before. This one is from way, way, WAY back when I was...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Best Audience in All of Mondstadt
|zhs     = 全蒙德最好的听众
|zhs_rm  = Quán Méngdé Zuìhǎo de Tīngzòng
|zht     = 全蒙德最好的聽眾
|zht_rm  = Quán Méngdé Zuìhǎo de Tīngzòng
|zh_tl   = The Best Listening Audience in All of Mondstadt
|ja      = モンド最高の聴衆
|ja_rm   = Mondo Saikou no Choushuu
|ja_tl   = Mondstadt's Best Audience
|ko      = 몬드에서 가장 훌륭한 청중
|ko_rm   = Mondeu-eseo Gajang Hulryunghan Cheongjung
|ko_tl   = The Best Audience in Mondstadt
|es      = El mejor público de Mondstadt
|es_tl   = The Best Audience in Mondstadt
|fr      = Le meilleur public de tout Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = The Best Audience in All of Mondstadt
|ru      = Лучшие зрители Мондштадта
|ru_tl   = The Best Audience in Mondstadt
|th      = ผู้ฟังที่ดีที่สุดใน Mondstadt
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Best Listeners in Mondstadt
|vi      = Thính giả tốt nhất Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bestes Publikum von ganz Mondstadt
|de_tl   = Best Audience in All of Mondstadt
|id      = Penonton Terbaik Mondstadt
|id_tl   = Mondstadt Best Audience
|pt      = A Melhor Audiência de Todos de Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = The Best Audience of All of Mondstadt
|tr      = Tüm Mondstadt'taki En İyi Dinleyici
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il più grande pubblico di tutta Mondstadt
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:El mejor público de Mondstadt]]
[[pt-br:A Melhor Audiência de Todos de Mondstadt]]
[[ru:Лучшие зрители Мондштадта]]