{{Soundtrack Infobox
|title       = The Road Not Taken
|image       = The Road Not Taken.png
|releaseDate = 2024-05-25
|album       = The Road Not Taken (Album)
|number      = 1
|featured    = 
|featured_disc= 
|youtube_id  = Jg-nWIrwvSw
|spotify_id  = 13ZiVkjad58eXSASbOFqwB
|previous    = 
|next        = The Road Not Taken - Instrumental
}}
'''The Road Not Taken''' is a [[soundtrack]] from the single ''[[The Road Not Taken (Album)|The Road Not Taken]]''.
<!--
The song was composed by  of [[HOYO-MiX]], written by. The vocals were performed by {{W|Aimer}}.
-->

The soundtrack was featured in the animated short [[The Road Not Taken]].

==Soundtrack Usage==
{{Soundtrack Usage|mediaoriginal=1}}

==Production Credits==
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|-
! Position
! Staff<ref>QQ Music: [https://y.qq.com/n/ryqq/songDetail/002aHh3Z2bofvM {{zh|未行之路}} The Road Not Taken - HOYO-MiX]</ref>
|-
! Lyricist
| Bao ({{zh|三宝}}), Ziyu Che ({{zh|车子玉}}), Spela Gorogranc - Shana
|-
! Composer
| Ziyu Che ({{zh|车子玉}})
|-
! Arranger
| Ziyu Che ({{zh|车子玉}})
|-
! Orchestra
| Budapest Scoring Orchestra ({{zh|龙之艺交响乐团}})
|-
! Artist
| HOYO-MiX feat. Aimer
|-
! Background Vocals
| Aimer, Ziyu Che ({{zh|车子玉}})
|-
! Acoustic Guitar
| Peijia You ({{zh|尤裴佳}})
|-
! Cello
| Xiaolong Chen ({{zh|陈小龙}})
|-
! Violin
| Yue Zhu ({{zh|朱玥}})
|-
! Recording Studio
| Prime Sound Studio Form, Budapest Scoring, {{zh|上海广播大厦}}
|-
! Recording Engineer
| Masaki Mori (agehasprings), Viktor Szabó, {{zh|莫家伟}}
|-
! Editing Engineer
| Kenji Tamai (agehasprings)
|-
! Mixing Engineer
| Hai Li ({{zh|李海}})
|-
! Mastering Engineer
| Hai Li ({{zh|李海}})
|-
! Production
| HOYO-MiX
|}

==Lyrics==
Traveling in the nights you've left me in.<br>
I feel you in the last blow of wind.<br>
Even nowhere I can find you out,<br>
The answer is not far off now.

This journey of ours has been bittersweet.<br>
Close my eyes wondering what you would have dreamed.<br>
If you were here standing next to me,<br>
Would you know how I feel,<br>
And see what I see?

Know that I'll always try.<br>
Finding your rhythm and rhyme.<br>
Though the nights are long and dark, I'll see you shining bright.<br>
And no matter where you are, you've come with me this far.<br>
Showing the way when all else falls apart.

When the snow all melts away,<br>
And the ice finally breaks.<br>
Have you taken off, are you already on your way?<br>
No matter where you are, I've come with you this far.<br>
I'm never really lost.<br>
Our paths will surely cross.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|The Road Not Taken}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Soundtrack Navbox|The Road Not Taken (Album)}}

[[ja:いつかその道へ (サウンドトラック)]]