{{Terminology Infobox
|image              = The Wingalet.png
|caption            = The Wingalet currently at the [[Fortress of Meropide]]
|type               = Lore
|affiliation        = Fortress of Meropide
|region             = Fontaine
}}
'''The Wingalet''' is a ship located inside the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. It made its first quest-exclusive appearance in the [[Archon Quest]] [[Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones]] in [[Chapter IV]]: Act IV: - [[Cataclysm's Quickening]], and a second quest-exclusive appearance in Chapter IV: Act V: - [[Masquerade of the Guilty]].

The ship currently lies hidden in a production zone of the [[Fortress of Meropide]].

==Story==
Years prior to the [[Traveler]]'s arrival in the Fortress of Meropide, its administrator [[Wriothesley]] speculates that the [[Primordial Sea]] is right below the Fortress. To ensure that Fontainians can reach safety from the Primordial Sea as well as having "something to hold on" to cope with the "impending disaster", Wriothesley launches a secret project of building a ship inspired by the [[Fortuna]], the [[Wingalet]], with some guidance from researchers [[Jurieu]] and [[Lourvine]] of the [[Fontaine Research Institute]]. A factory worth of "labour, materials and technology" was also required in the project. He is determined to finish it even if it might prove futile in the end.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Wriothesley|The Wingalet}}</ref>

After sharing this information later with the Traveler and [[Paimon]], Wriothesley further adds on that should the workers find out the "truth" behind the Fortuna, "riots" will break out and put the Fortress of Meropide at risk. Although Wriothesley is not concerned with the Traveler sharing what they just saw to [[Lyney]], [[Lynette]], and [[Freminet]], he warned them that whatever action they decide to take will likely affect them.

When the nation is flooded and the [[Prophecy of Fontaine]] came true, the Wingalet finally emerges to the surface and saves the people who got caught in the water, with Wriothesley commanding it. After the prophecy was averted and Fontaine returned to normal, the Wingalet returns to the factory in the Fortress of Meropide.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The name "Wingalet" is likely inspired from the winged boat of a Germanic mythological character {{W|Wade (folklore)|Wade}}, whose name is "Wingalet" or "Wingalock".

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Wingalet
|zhs     = 维恩歌莱号
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 維恩歌萊號
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ウィンガレット号
|ja_rm   = Wingaretto-gou
|ja_tl   = The Wingalet
|ko      = 윙갈레트호
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El Vengerai
|es_tl   = The Avenger
|fr      = Le Wingalet
|fr_tl   = The Wingalet
|ru      = «Вингалет»
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรือ Wingalet
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Wingalet
|de      = Die Wingalet
|de_tl   = The Wingalet
|id      = Wingalet
|pt      = O Vengerai
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Wingalet
|it      = Wingalet
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}