{{removed}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22501
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Qingzhou
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|requirement   = Only available during [[Unreconciled Stars]] event
|otherRewards  = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Traveler; Qingzhou
}}
'''''The Essence of Poetry''''' was a temporary daily [[commission]] that started in [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]. It was available during the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Qingzhou]]
#Convince Qingzhou to avoid the [[Unreconciled Stars|meteorites]]

;If he was convinced (branch 1)
#Get three [[Silk Flower]]s or [[Mist Flower]]s
#Report back to Qingzhou

;If not convinced (branch 2)
#Defeat all the opponents
#* According to multiple people who've reached this branch, the enemies don't spawn so it may not have been possible to complete the commission through branch 2.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Qingzhou]] has found a muse in the rain of meteorites, and simply must go to the place where they made landfall to compose a verse or two...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to Qingzhou)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm... No, this verse will not do. It won't do at all. *sigh* I really must go and see for myself...
:{{DIcon}} Is something the matter?
:'''Qingzhou:''' How do you fare this day, my liege? My name is Qingzhou. I might add that I consider myself a poet, if I may be so bold.
:'''Qingzhou:''' By some strange chance, I received a single strain of poetic inspiration of late, but I have yet to find a continuation worthy of its brilliance since...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Recently, the skies have been strange, and meteorites have fallen in flame to the earth. It is truly a rare sight to see on this mortal plane.
:'''Qingzhou:''' It came to my mind that if I were to gain some inspiration from observing {{sic|one such meteorites}} up close, that next, elusive sentence in my poem may yet surface...
:{{DIcon}} Th&mdash;That might not be appropriate...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Not appropriate? Whatever might you mean by that?
----
;(Talking to Qingzhou again)
:'''Qingzhou:''' What are you referring to as "inappropriate"?
:{{DIcon}} You'll be knocked unconscious if you touch those meteorites...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Ah, I've heard tell of this. But if I but observe them up close, nothing untoward will befall me, yes?
:{{DIcon}} Can you guarantee that you won't touch them?
:'''Qingzhou:''' W&mdash;Well, I shall exercise restraint.
;(Friendship gauge appears with 3 out of 5 Hearts)
;First statement
:{{DIcon}} There are monsters near those meteorites.
::'''Qingzhou:''' Haha, of course. I have traversed many a place in Liyue, and have seen many a foul beast. If the road is indeed too dangerous, then I shall just hire a guard.
:{{DIcon}} There's a better way to view those meteorites.
::'''Qingzhou:''' A better way, you say? ...Hmm, you do have a point. If I but gaze into the meteor's fame, but ignore all that surrounds it, would that not be overly narrow of me?
:;(Friendship Improved, +1 Heart)
:{{DIcon}} You can write poetry from here, can't you?
::'''Qingzhou:''' That simply won't do, my liege. If I stay cloistered and safe all my life, then what would the poems I write be, if not the groans of the healthy, or the pontifications of a fool?

;Second statement
:{{DIcon}} Will looking at a meteorite really inspire you?
::'''Qingzhou:''' Ah, you think too little of me, my liege. Were I to gaze upon one, I would surely write you a fine verse.
:{{DIcon}} But if you were to fall into a slumber...
::'''Qingzhou:''' Of this you need not fret, my liege. I shall show the utmost restraint. Yet, if the meteorites do indeed consign people to slumber, one wonders what they dream of...
::'''Qingzhou:''' Yes, how very curious... Ahem! I was merely theorizing. Do not worry, I will not put myself at such a risk.
:;(No change)
:{{DIcon}} Not everything you write has to shock the world, right?
::'''Qingzhou:''' You speak truly &mdash; the best verses are divinely inspired, and the finest hands are guided by chance. And yet, this verse has plagued me for far too long. I must continue it somehow...

;Third statement
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure that you can deal with the risks?
::'''Qingzhou:''' Well, I will bring a guard with me, naturally &mdash; just in case.
::{{DIcon}} It might be difficult to hire someone right now.
::'''Qingzhou:''' Um... hmm. Yes, that's... You make a good question, my liege.
:;(Friendship Improved, +1 Heart)
:{{DIcon}} Inspiration doesn't guarantee good execution.
::'''Qingzhou:''' Haha, Now, I do not mean to brag, my liege. But though I, Qingzhou, may lack talent, I have still published many a popular verse. You need not worry on my behalf.
:{{DIcon}} Your writing's pretty good already.
::'''Qingzhou:''' I am unworthy of such praise. But alas, how can a poet live with themselves if they cannot write poetry?<!-- +1 or +0 -->

:'''Qingzhou:''' I have heard your advice, my liege, and I will heed it.
:'''Qingzhou:''' As to whether we should approach the crash site or not, allow me to give it a little more consideration...
:;(Proceed to Branch 1 or Branch 2 depending on whether Qingzhou was convinced)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If the player convinced Qingzhou not to seek out the meteorites)
:'''Qingzhou:''' I have given your words much thought, my liege, and valid are your concerns. I shall not risk myself unnecessarily by seeking those meteorites out.
:{{DIcon}} That's good...
:'''Qingzhou:''' What's more, a unique stroke does not good poetry make. It is in the many fine details that one's broader quality may be judged.
:'''Qingzhou:''' We may be able to compose a fine verse from a flower or some other small object. Yet the number of poems written in praise of flora are many indeed...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm... It is said that outsiders see clearly, yes? Well then, Traveler, what sort of flower do you think I {{sic|should}} as reference for composing my poem?
:{{DIcon}} The Silk Flower, perhaps?
::'''Qingzhou:''' That seems a fair choice. Even with the skies as they are, the Silk Flowers still bloom as they always have.
::'''Qingzhou:''' There may be some values in juxtaposing the two...
::'''Qingzhou:''' Could you gather three Silk Flowers for me, then? Perhaps having the objects close at hand may light my path.
::{{DIcon}} Got it.
::'''Qingzhou:''' You have my utmost thanks, my liege.
:{{DIcon}} Mist Flowers, perhaps?
::'''Qingzhou:''' Mist Flowers. Hmm... There could be potential in comparing the falling meteorites to Mist Flowers.
::'''Qingzhou:''' May I ask you to help me gather three Mist Flowers? Perhaps having such objects close at hand may light my path.
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Qingzhou:''' You have my utmost thanks, my liege.
----
;(Returning to Qingzhou with the flowers)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Have you gathered the (Mist/Silk) Flowers?
:{{DIcon}} I have them right here.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Excellent. I shall receive them gladly.
;(Give Qingzhou three (Mist/Silk) Flowers)
:'''Qingzhou:''' *sigh* Inspiration is indeed hard to come by...

:'''Qingzhou:''' You have my thanks, my liege. This gift is unworthy by comparison, but do accept it.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Flowers and meteorites... Now that certainly is new.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If the player failed to convince Qingzhou to not seek out the meteorites)
:'''Qingzhou:''' I have given your words much thought, my liege, but the meteorites are too rare a sight to be missed. I will go nonetheless.
:{{DIcon}} You...
:'''Qingzhou:''' But if I were to immediately go close to those meteorites, I fear I might be attracted by them only, thus missing the world around them.
:'''Qingzhou:''' A poet's worst nightmare is to have eyes for one thing only. If I were to merely observe those meteorites, I doubt that anything good should come from my brush.
:'''Qingzhou:''' So I shall first observe them from afar, taking in the surroundings, before moving in for a closer look...
:'''Qingzhou:''' And then... Hmm, wait. With so many monsters on the road, and no one to accompany me...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Traveler, perhaps you might be so kind as to dispose of the monsters that might bar our path?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Qingzhou:''' Wonderful! Most splendid! I shall be depending on you, then.
:{{DIcon}} Just promise me you won't touch those meteorites...
::'''Qingzhou:''' I&mdash;I... Alright, I promise. Come now, why would I put myself in harm's way when I know that touching them may put me in an unending slumber?
::'''Qingzhou:''' Yet, one wonders what those consigned to such torpor by the meteorites might dream of...
::'''Qingzhou:''' *coughs* I&mdash;I was just joking! Please help me deal with those monsters.

;(Defeat the opponents &mdash; not completable due to a bug)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Essence of Poetry
|zhs     = 诗言志辩
|zhs_rm  = Shīyán Zhìbiàn
|zht     = 詩言志辯
|zht_rm  = Shīyán Zhìbiàn
|zh_tl   = Poetry and Debate
|ja      = 詩言志論
|ja_rm   = Shigen Shiron{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Discourse on the Poetic Words' Intention
|ko      = 시의 본질
|ko_rm   = Si-ui Bonjil
|ko_tl   = The Essence of Poetry
|es      = La esencia de la poesía
|es_tl   = The Essence of Poetry
|fr      = L'essence de la poésie
|fr_tl   = The Essence of Poetry
|ru      = Суть поэзии
|ru_tl   = The Essence of Poetry
|th      = ใจความสำคัญแห่งบทกวี
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Essence of Poetry
|vi      = Bản Chất Của Thơ Ca
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Essenz der Poesie
|de_tl   = The Essence of Poetry
|id      = Esensi dalam Syair
|id_tl   = Essence in Poetry
|pt      = A Essência da Poesia
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Event}}

[[es:La esencia de la poesía]]
[[ja:詩言志論]]
[[pt-br:A Essência da Poesia]]