{{Act Infobox
|image          = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze
|actNum         = I
|actType        = Part
|next           = A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed
|ARReq          = 
}}
'''The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices''' is the first part of the [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze]] event.

==Quests==
* [[The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices (Quest)|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices]]

==Summary==
;The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices

The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] realize that another year has passed since the last Lantern Rite and thus head back to the harbor to partake in the festival. When they arrive, they find [[Keqing]] and [[Charlotte]] by the docks, who tell them that the theme for Lantern Rite is kites. As Liyue is now ruled by humans, Keqing tells them that to keep up with the changing trends, [[Ningguang]] reached out to [[Charlotte]] and thus the kites being prepared would use Liyue's traditional kite-making techniques with Fontaine's "Mechanical Vertical Lifting Device," which is a popular hit. Charlotte is excited to have a new story to write about, during which the Traveler notices two suspicious looking people watching them. Keqing tells the Traveler that the Qixing are hosting a contest, of which the winner would get a special prize before leaving with Charlotte.

The Traveler informs Paimon of the two suspicious people and they approach them. Easily recognizing the Traveler, the two reveal themselves as [[Mountain Shaper]] and [[Moon Carver]], taking on the names Houzhang and Jiehu. Paimon does not buy their story and believes they're impersonating the adepti, as they had never been one for city life. Mountain Shaper recalls an event from the past that involved the Traveler, thus making Paimon feel guilty of accusing them. The two reveal that they had come to the city looking for [[Xianyun|Cloud Retainer]], as following her departure from the mountains to live in Liyue Harbor, Jueyun Karst has been unusually quiet. She had also failed to inform them about the year's festivities, thus they were worried about her. Upon hearing a mechanical kite, they believed she was just too busy working and depart, but not before telling the Traveler to send their regards to her.

Paimon then decides to check the kite stalls, which impresses her with the stock they have available. As [[Zhenyuan]] talks with her, [[Longzhou]] arrives and asks her about her stock to be sent to [[Yilong Wharf]]. Paimon is interested to see what the wharf looks like during the festival, so Longzhou informs them that they're welcome to join [[Gaming]]. They find and inform him of the shipment, which he takes. He is also pleased to meet the Traveler, since they're well known in Liyue.

As they take the shipment to Yilong Wharf, they make their way to [[Qiaoying Village]] and are ambushed by [[Treasure Hoarders]], which they drive off. Gaming explains to them the purpose of people like him, who were there to protect the goods from malicious intent. Once they arrive at the village, they take a boat ride to the wharf and arrive at the small town. Gaming asks the Traveler to help him sneak around to the Secure Transport Agency, as he does not want to get seen by his family. Once they arrive at the agency, Gaming prepares the agency's famed Sunglo Tea and unloads the goods. Paimon remarks on how kind and welcoming, of which Zhigui informs him that everyone in the wharf enjoys his presence, though he wishes that he could reconcile with his family. As Gaming finishes his work, he asks the Traveler to meet him at [[Xinyue Kiosk]] in two days. As they leave, Paimon realizes they haven't checked the kites in town yet.

While walking around the wharf, they soon run into Cloud Retainer. Paimon tells her that Mountain Shaper and Moon Carver sends their regards to her, causing her to pause in thought. She realizes that she had completely forgotten about them and decides that the best way to apologize for her slight is to bring them tea, causing her to run off. The Traveler and Paimon follow her, finding her browsing [[Fenglian]]'s wares. She initially takes two, Fenglian's words end up making her buy ten. She also buys a toy from [[Charbonnier]] to study it later. Xianyun later learns that the Traveler was going to participate in the contest held by the Qixing, revealing that she was hosting a workshop of her own, with [[Shuyu]], [[Shenhe]], [[Ganyu]] and [[Yaoyao]] attending. The Traveler agrees to attend, so she tells them to meet her at [[Mt. Aocang]] in the next two days. Paimon then asks her about hiring a guard to protect her merchandise, though she states that she has no need to as it begins floating and following her, much to Paimon's shock. 
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices
|zhs     = 风莺梳春，开天呈祥
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 風鶯梳春，開天呈祥
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 春告げる鴬、空泳ぐ吉兆
|ja_rm   = Haru Tsugeru Uguisu, Sora Oyogu Kicchou{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 오색 연과 상서로운 조짐
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Orioles, presagio del firmamento
|es_tl   = Orioles, Omen of the Firmament
|fr      = Loriot du printemps ; augure du firmament
|fr_tl   = Oriole of Spring; Firmament's Augure
|ru      = Иволги наслаждаются весной, небеса дарят благословение
|ru_tl   = The Orioles Enjoy Spring, the Heavens Present Benediction
|th      = นกขมิ้นโบยบินกลางลมโชย นำส่งมงคลจากนภาสู่สวรรค์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chim Oanh Đón Xuân, Muôn Nơi Dâng Lộc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Im Frühling die Pirole dem Volk zum Glück und Wohle
|de_tl   = The Orioles in Spring, Happiness and Well-Being to the People
|id      = Kepodang Bersolek di Musim Semi, Langit Menghadirkan Naungan
|id_tl   = The Orioles Preening in Spring, the Sky Provides Shade
|pt      = O Corrupião Se Deleita Com a Primavera, os Céus Apresentam Presságios
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Öter Sarıasmalar Baharda, Göklerin Himayesinde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Gli orioli si crogiolano nella primavera, il firmamento presenta gli auspici
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[pt-br:O Corrupião Se Deleita Com a Primavera, os Céus Apresentam Presságios]]