{{Event
|name              = The "Hilichurl Support Group" Has Officially Been Established, Join to Win Exquisite Merchandise!
|image             = The Hilichurl Support Group Has Officially Been Established, Join to Win Exquisite Merchandise!.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-10-06 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-10-16 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/11525841
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />Have you ever ran into trouble during your travels?<br />For example, you don't know where to start when faced with a difficult puzzle? Or you don't know how to build a character? Or that time when you discovered a great party composition strategy and didn't know who to share it with?<br />To help you navigate the land of Teyvat more smoothly, I have decided to establish the "Hilichurl Support Group"!<br />Whether you're a budding new Traveler who doesn't know where to start, or an avid Traveler who is willing to share your gaming experiences, you can join a team to help one another.<br />I have also prepared exquisite merchandise rewards for Travelers who participate actively~}}
'''The "Hilichurl Support Group" Has Officially Been Established, Join to Win Exquisite Merchandise!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.1]].

==Event Duration==
October 6, 2022 – October 16, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on October 31, 2022

==How to Participate==
# Post under the topic #You Ask, I Answer and bring up any time you've been confused in-game, such as how to build a character, or how to solve puzzle mechanics, etc.
# Reply to other Traveler's posts under the #You Ask, I Answer topic to share your corresponding solutions.
# Post under the topic #Instructions for Newcomers to share your in-game experience and advice for new Travelers, such as party composition tips, methods for unlocking the hidden achievements, etc.

Fulfill one of the two conditions above to validate your participation and get a chance to win merchandise rewards!

==Event Rewards==
I will randomly select 20 Travelers who post questions and 20 who answer questions to gift them each a Tartaglia Monoceros Caeli Series Round Cushion.<br />
I will also select 20 of the best Travelers who shared their in-game experience to gift them each a set of Childhood Treasures-Themed Series Stands (2 per set).

==Notes==
# Users must follow HoYoLAB community rules when posting, otherwise they will not be eligible to win.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one merchandise prize during the event.
# No plagiarism or appropriation of others' work is allowed. Publishing content unrelated to the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters is forbidden.
# The list of winners will be announced in this event post. Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}