{{About|the event World Quest|the [[Version 2.7]] Event|The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|title         = The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival
|image         = Event Quest The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival (Quest).png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30 or above
* Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|characters    = Akira; Arataki Itto; Genta; Hirohiko; Kimura; Mamoru; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|next          = Festival Afterword
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks the [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]] event.
|event_name    = The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Ritou]]
# Talk to the Tenryou Commission Doushin [[Kimura]]
# Go to [[Amakane Island]] and look for the [[Arataki Gang]]
# Talk to [[Hirohiko]], the Yashiro Commission Representative
# Go to the tidal flats on northwest Amakane Island
# Drum along with [[Genta]]

==Notes==
* Players can skip the dialogue with Hirohiko if they approach [[Arataki Itto]] at the beach instead. If so, the dialogue options with the Traveler asking Itto about [[Kujou Sara]] and [[Yoimiya]] will be unavailable.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Having been invited via letter by Itto, you decide to see what this Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival is all about.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Obtain [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival!]])
:{{A|vo tips mug003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh brother... Itto had to get someone else to write his invitations for him? This guy's beyond hope...
:{{A|vo tips mug003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival does sound pretty exciting. Do you think they'll have a lots of tasty snacks?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we go to Ritou and check it out, (Traveler)?

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tips mug003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon's looked everywhere but there doesn't seem to be a festival going on anywhere near here. The atmosphere isn't festive at all.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Should we go ask the [[Doushin]]? Maybe they'll know something.

;(Talk to Kimura)
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 01.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Oh, do you need a hand with anything?
:{{DIcon}} Isn't there supposed to be a festival soon?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 02.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' What? A festival? I haven't heard anything about a festival coming up.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 03.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Uh, could you be more specific? What festival are you talking about, exactly?
:{{DIcon}} It's the Almighty Arataki&mdash;
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 04.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Almighty Arataki...?
:{{DIcon}} The, um, Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious...
:{{DIcon}} The, heh, Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong...
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival, organized by the [[Arataki Gang]]!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 05.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Ah yes! The same Arataki Gang who made a scene at the [[Irodori Festival]]?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 06.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' So, you're here for the unauthorized, unprofessional, and unofficial event, huh...
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? No, no, no, it's not un-anything! It's the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 07.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Yeah, I gotcha, no need to keep re-hashing the name. I think I know what this is about, let me bring you up to speed.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 08.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' So we saw the members of the Arataki Gang here a few days ago. And they were busy at work leaving piles of hideous things all over the place.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 09.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Their leader claimed to be hosting a grand event, big enough to rival the Irodori Festival. I think that must be the one you're talking about.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 10.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' I asked them a couple of questions and it quickly became clear that they had no permit to host the event, no proof of venue hire, and &mdash; surprise, surprise &mdash; no record of having registered the event with the [[Police Station]].
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 11.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Pff. If that isn't the definition of an unauthorized, unprofessional, and unofficial festival, I don't know what is. According to the rules, we had to force them to shut down the event.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? You shut it down!? ...Let Paimon guess, then you arrested them, hmm?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 12.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' No, actually. Seeing that they had no prior experience organizing events, and they'd at least gone to the trouble of preparing a safety plan, we just gave them a warning.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Safety plan? Huh, that's pretty responsible...
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 13.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Anyway, if you are looking for the Arataki Gang, you could try going to [[Amakane Island]].
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 14.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Which is a venue designated by the [[Yashiro Commission]] for use in all kinds of festivals, big and small. It was established to try and encourage community cultural events. The application process is much simpler there, and less expensive, too.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 15.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' We told the Arataki Gang about that.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 kimura 16.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' If they still want to host their event, that's gonna be their best option.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... this whole thing is starting to sound like a non-starter, (Traveler)...
:{{A|vo tips mug003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, since we've come this far... we might as well go and take a look at Amakane Island, right?

;(Talk to Kimura again)
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 kimura 01.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Do you have any other questions?
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 kimura 02.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' If you want to find the Arataki Gang, try Amakane Island.
----
;(Approach Amakane Island)
:{{A|vo tips mug003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Same situation as earlier. The Arataki Gang is nowhere in sight.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There should be a Yashiro Commission representative here. Let's go and ask him.

;(Talk to Hirohiko)
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 01.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' How can I help?
:{{DIcon}} We're looking for the Arataki Gang.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 02.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' Ah yes, you must be here for the Almighty Arataki Whatchamacallit Festival, too?
:{{DIcon}} "Too"?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 03.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' Yep, Madam [[Kujou Sara]] of the [[Tenryou Commission]] and [[Yoimiya]] of [[Naganohara Fireworks]] have both been here so far.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 04.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' Yoimiya noticed them getting the venue ready when she was here to deliver some fireworks. I guess she got curious and went to go check it out.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 05.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' As to what Madam Kujou Sara was here for, I'm not quite sure.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so other people got here before us? That's a good sign, (Traveler), hehe.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So where's the Arataki Gang now?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 06.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' Unfortunately, since there's no space available at any {{sic|officlal}} venues at the moment...
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 07.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' ...we had to allocate them to a tiny beach at the northwest part of the island.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 08.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' If only they'd applied earlier, we could've given them a better location.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 5 hirohiko 09.ogg}} '''Hirohiko:''' Head northwest, you'll see them.

;(Approach the beach)
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahaha! Hey there, compadres! You finally made it!
:{{Introductory Note|Arataki Itto}}
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I was just wondering when you'd be showing up, next thing I know, boom. There you are. Hahaha, boy, am I happy to see you.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Look at this venue. What do you think? Is this a prime location or what?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' It's surrounded by sea, the air is as fresh as it gets, there's no noise pollution from the city, and the views are simply spectacular.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' The venue is situated against the backdrop of Amakane Island, where you can enjoy exclusive access to the [[Festival and Culture Center]]'s first-rate equipment.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' With excellent transport links by sea and lands, getting where you need to be is highly convenient &mdash; whether you're traveling by foot or by boat.
:{{DIcon}} This venue is pretty nice.
:{{DIcon}} You guys are eternal optimists.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The moment I set eyes on this venue, I knew this was the one!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It was the moment that changed the world.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 together 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Gang Members:''' Give it up for the boss!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Clearly, you're only here because the Tenryou Commission sent you away.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem... alright, let's get down to business.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I invited you all here to attend the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival! A highly important festival, I might add.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Yeah, Boss said the first goal of the festival is to promote the Arataki Gang and recruit new members.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Secondly, it's to celebrate [[Shinobu]]'s graduation!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' And last but not least, it makes up for all the previous team building events that were canceled due to insufficient funding.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Three festivals in one, wow.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Akira... we can leave that last point out from now on.
:{{DIcon}} Where is Shinobu?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The thing with festivals is, you gotta get out there and promote them far and wide if you want to get a good crowd. So Shinobu's handing out flyers.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Shinobu's supposed to be the star of the show, isn't she?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How come she's out there working her butt off while you're hanging around here doing nothing?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, I'm hard at work too! I'm, uh... entertaining guests!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 genta 03.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Boss actually just got back.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' He said he was expecting you to arrive any second, so he came back specially to welcome you.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Until then, he was out there with Shinobu working hard to bring more people to the festival.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just&mdash;Just doin' my duty. Nothin' more, nothin' less.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, this bull-chucker actually did some serious work for once. Paimon's pleasantly surprised.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hmph, trust a puny little flying Lavender Melon to stoop to the level of childish name-calling!
----
:{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, so, compadre &mdash; you got any questions about this festival?
:{{DIcon}} What's this festival got in store for us?
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahaha! A ton of totally awesome stuff!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' See that hill over there? That's Singalong Hill. Stand at the top, look out over the sea, and sing your heart out.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 3.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And this bonfire, it's perfect for roasting Lavender Melons, the regular kind or [[Paimon|the ones of the annoying little floating variety]].
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 4.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And these boxes. Plenty of space whether you wanna play [[Genius Invokation TCG]] or a-battle some beetles.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you really pulled out all the stops.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 5.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But of course, the highlight of this festival is the Drumalong. Here, feast your eyes on this.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 6.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just between you and me, this little treasure was sourced through a top-secret channel. They said it's a prized hand drum that once belonged to a renowned onmyouji, and it's worth 8 million Mora!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 7.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Thanks to my strapping good looks and the fact that the vendor and I kinda had a connection &mdash; her words, not mine &mdash; she gave me a generous discount, and only asked for 800 thousand Mora.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 06a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She went from 8 million to 800 thousand just like that? Uh... sounds suspiciously like a scam to Paimon.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 8.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Duh, haha! Oldest trick in the book, right? Which is why it didn't work on me.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 9.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I spotted the damage on the edge right away. Practically screamed "defective product alert"! "Ooh, we have a connection"... Gimme a break!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So I haggled hard and took her down to 80 G's, hahahaha! Practically a steal!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 06a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... more specifically, daylight robbery...
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 06a 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, it's pretty impressive that you could actually afford something worth 80 thousand Mora. Good for you, Bull-Chucker.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Pfft, it's only 80 thousand Mora. What do you take me for!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 genta 04a.ogg}} '''Genta:''' I put in 20 grand...
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 mamoru 04a.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Me too...
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 akira 04a.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Huh? Boss, how come I had to pay 30 grand?
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 06a 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' 20 grand plus 20 grand plus 30 grand...
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 paimon 06a 6.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, you really are a bull-chucker! You extorted 80 grand from your gang members and didn't pay a single Mora yourself!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14a 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem, you might wanna check your mathematics there! I paid my share... y'know, I paid the last 10 grand!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, good chat, but we should wrap things up. It's getting late, I should go rendezvous with Shinobu.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This festival's just getting started. We need to keep plugging it to get a bigger crowd!
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Take care of the hand drum, alright? Oh, and if you wanna try out the Drumalong at any point, Genta's your guy.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Laters, compadre!
:;(Continue to next section)
:{{DIcon}} I heard Kujou Sara came? ''(Available if Hirohiko was spoken to)''
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14b 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, you mean that stupid tengu?
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14b 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah, I hesitated, but... I sent her an invitation.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14b 3.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I cannot believe how ungrateful she is. Get this &mdash; she came all the way out here just to put up a bulletin board and write a load of baloney on it, claiming that visitors need to be cautioned.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14b 4.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' She even warned us not to change it. It's blatant bullying of the gang, that's what it is...
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14b 5.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' One day, I'm gonna defeat that tengu fair and square, in broad daylight, in the middle of the street! She'll get what's coming to her!
:;(Return to start of section)
:{{DIcon}} I heard Yoimiya showed up, too? ''(Available if Hirohiko was spoken to)''
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14c 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The owner of Naganohara Fireworks?
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14c 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Chatting with her is a real blast. She only found out about our festival because she happened to be delivering some fireworks to Amakane Island.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14c 3.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' She really liked what we're trying to do here, and came to pass on her best wishes. She even said she'll provide some fireworks for us next time.
::{{A|vo tips mug003 6 itto 14c 4.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Looks like the Arataki Gang should make sure to keep good ties with Naganohara Fireworks in the future.
:;(Return to start of section)
----
;(Talk to Genta)
:{{A|vo tips mug003 7 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' I'm Genta, the Arataki Drumalong Festival Welcome Ambassador. Are you ready for your Drumalong performance?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 7 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Oh, I almost forgot, there's something that Boss forgot to mention to you about this hand drum.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 7 genta 03.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Since none of us really know if it's in tune or not, please test it out first.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 7 genta 04.ogg}} '''Genta:''' That way, it'll sound better when you deliver your final performance.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 7 genta 05.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Go on, give it a try.
:;(Quest ends)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Post-Quest Dialogue==
After completing the ''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival'' quest<!-- name in full due to transclusion out of context -->, the player can interact with Akira, Mamoru, Genta, and several interactables in the open world. All remain in the open world for the remainder of the event, including after completion of ''[[Festival Afterword]]'', except for Akira and Mamoru, who disappear after completion of ''Festival Afterword''.
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Akira)
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I'm Akira, the Arataki Drumalong Festival Feedback Ambassador. So, can you give us some feedback?
:{{DIcon}} It's pretty good.
:{{DIcon}} It's alright, nothing special.
:{{DIcon}} It's not that great.
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Got it. Thank you for your feedback.
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Hmm? You have other questions? But I don't really have anything else to say.
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Uh... The boss said my only job was to say two things: "Can you give us some feedback?" and "Thank you for your feedback."
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 05.ogg}} '''Akira:''' And if the guests ask when they will receive a response to their feedback, I'm supposed to say: "We'll get back to you as soon as possible."
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 06.ogg}} '''Akira:''' He said that's what people do in other events he's been to. I'm sure he's basing this on a wealth of experience.
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 07.ogg}} '''Akira:''' But then Shinobu told me that's too insincere, so she gave me this notebook.
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 akira 08.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Look here, I've made a note of your feedback, and I'll show it to Shinobu when she gets back.
----
;(Talk to Mamoru)
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' I'm Mamoru, the Arataki Drumalong Festival Atmosphere Ambassador. How may I help?
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You're asking what my job is?
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Well, as the atmosphere ambassador, my job is mainly to create a lively atmosphere and give all attendants the feeling of "I'm so hyped I'm going out of my mind."
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Do you feel that way?
:{{DIcon}} Not even slightly.
:{{DIcon}} Nowhere near.
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 05.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' ...Hey, don't say that!
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 06.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' That was really disheartening, it's like being punched in the gut! If that's how you feel... my job's meaningless, isn't it?
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 07.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You are the boss's friend. Please, show me some support for his sake. I'm begging you, say the line!
:{{DIcon}} What line?
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 08.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You know, "I'm so hyped I'm going out of my mind."
:{{DIcon}} I'm so hyped I'm going out of my mind.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 09a 1.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Great! Awesome!
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 09a 2.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' This is the best recognition I could ask for!
:{{DIcon}} I'm so... I'm so... I'm sorry, I just can't.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 09b 1.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Ugh... fine. Well, I guess I should at least keep trying, seeing how everyone else in the gang is working hard trying to do their jobs, too...
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 09b 2.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You can punch me in the gut, but I won't give up! Just like the boss says!
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 mamoru 10.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Come on, people! More music, more dancing, let's keep this party going!
----
;(Talk to Genta before completing [[Festival Afterword]])
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' I'm Genta, the Arataki Drumalong Festival Welcome Ambassador.
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Are you ready for your Drumalong performance?
:{{DIcon|Drumalong}} It's showtime!
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03a.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Let the Drumalong begin!
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, about that drum...
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03b 1.ogg}} '''Genta:''' You noticed it too, huh? Yeah, I noticed almost straight away that something wasn't quite right.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03b 2.ogg}} '''Genta:''' It looks exactly like the kind of toy drum I'd buy from street peddlers as a kid! I remember they only cost around 800 Mora back then.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03b 3.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Times change, I guess, but still. 80 grand is way too expensive.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03b 4.ogg}} '''Genta:''' The boss definitely got scammed, no question.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03b 5.ogg}} '''Genta:''' But whaddya gonna do? He's still the boss.
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, about Arataki Itto...
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03c 1.ogg}} '''Genta:''' You wanna know when Boss is getting back? Sorry, I have no idea.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03c 2.ogg}} '''Genta:''' What I do know is that the boss and Shinobu both see this festival as a major event, so they hope to get as many people to come as possible. That's why they're out there working hard to promote it.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03c 3.ogg}} '''Genta:''' They said this will improve the image of the Arataki Gang, but I wouldn't know anything about that kind of thing.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03c 4.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Still, I think he'll be back to see you before it's over.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03c 5.ogg}} '''Genta:''' After all, he respects you a lot.
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, I'm not ready yet...
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 03d.ogg}} '''Genta:''' No problem. Just let me know when you're ready.

;(Talk to Genta after completing [[Festival Afterword]])
:{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 04.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Oh, you wanna take part in the Drumalong performance again?
:{{DIcon|Drumalong}} Yes please.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 05a 1.ogg}} '''Genta:''' I wanna see your performance again, too, but the Tenryou Commission has ordered us to put everything on hold. You're putting me in a difficult position here...
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 05a 2.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Ooh, I know! Since it's you, we can say we're friends hanging out and having fun.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 05a 3.ogg}} '''Genta:''' The Tenryou Commission won't be able to say anything against that, hahahaha!
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 05a 4.ogg}} '''Genta:''' This is a pretty genius idea, isn't it? I mean, at least half as genius as Boss's ideas?
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 05a 5.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Bring it on, Traveler! Begin your performance.
:{{DIcon}} It's okay, I'm just passing by.
::{{A|vo tips dialog mug003 genta 05b.ogg}} '''Genta:''' *sigh* What a pity. I wanted to see your performance again.
----
;(Read Bulletin Board)
;(If [[Festival Afterword]] has not been completed)<!-- Day 1 -->
::'''Bulletin Board:''' "A bulletin board put up by the Tenryou Commission, similar to the ones in the city."
:;(Continue to dialogue options)<!-- putting this here so it doesn't seem like the dialogue options are only available after Festival Afterword) -->
;(If [[Festival Afterword]] has been completed) <!-- Day 7 -->
::'''Bulletin Board:''' A new, attention-grabbing notice has appeared on the Tenryou Commission's bulletin board.
::'''Tenryou Commission Announcement:''' "Due to Arataki Itto's unacceptable behavior, the Drumalong Festival bearing his name and hosted by him is hereby suspended with immediate effect. The reopening date is yet to be determined."
:;(Continue to dialogue options)
:{{DIcon}} Kujou Sara's message:<!-- Day 1 -->
::'''Kujou Sara's Message:''' Caution: A group of itinerant youths who call themselves the Arataki Gang are hosting an event of unknown purpose at this location. Please exercise caution, stay safe, and keep your personal belongings with you at all times."
::'''Kujou Sara's Message:''' Please report any illegal activity to the Tenryou Commission immediately."
:{{DIcon}} Yoimiya's message:<!-- Day 1 -->
::'''Yoimiya's Message:''' "I was surprised to find someone hosting a festival tucked away in a little corner of this island, especially a new festival that I'd never heard of. The view here is amazing."
::'''Yoimiya's Message:''' "Although it's not the liveliest of festivals, it's magical in its own way."
::'''Yoimiya's Message:''' "Go, go, Arataki Gang! Let me know in advance next time and I'll get you some fireworks, free of charge!"
:{{DIcon}} [[Aratani]]'s message: ''(Available starting on Day 2)''<!-- Day 2 -->
::'''Aratani's Message:''' "When I first heard that someone wanted to rent [[Ms. Hina]]'s advertising board, I refused. But the offer was very generous, so I thought I'd at least pay a visit to the site first."
::'''Aratani's Message:''' "The moment I arrived at the venue, I was deeply touched. Even with such a tight budget and a miserable venue..."
::'''Aratani's Message:''' "...the organizers still managed to reserve enough budget for Ms. Hina. Surely, this is true love? I signed the rental contract immediately."
:{{DIcon}} More... ''(Available starting on Day 3)''<!-- Day 3 -->
::{{DIcon}} Message from "TCG Buddy Ayato": ''(Available starting on Day 3)''<!-- Day 3 -->
:::'''Message from "TCG Buddy [[Kamisato Ayato|Ayato]]":''' "I've been playing trading card games with my friend Itto for a long time. He always loses, but he never gives up. I find his resilience truly admirable."
:::'''Message from "TCG Buddy Ayato":''' "I was delighted to hear about my friend's festival today. I came here with a limited edition Genius Invokation TCG gift pack to offer my congratulations. I wish him a fantastic festival."
::{{DIcon}} [[Thoma]]'s message: ''(Available starting on Day 4)''<!-- Day 4 -->
:::'''Thoma's Message:''' "Hey, bro! Haven't seen you since the [[About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board|Irodori Festival]]. I hope you're doing well. I didn't know you were gonna be hosting a huge festival &mdash; you sure kept that quiet! Nice work!"
:::'''Thoma's Message:''' "If you ever wanna host another festival in the future, feel free to come and discuss it with me first. If you need a venue or furnishings or anything else, I'll see what I can do. Everything's negotiable!"
:::'''Thoma's Message:''' "By the way, I know you like beetle fighting, and I remembered that I had a couple of King [[Onikabuto]] at home. I left them on the wooden box over there. Enjoy!"
::{{DIcon}} Message from "Ramen Buddy": ''(Available starting on Day 5)''<!-- Day 5 -->
:::'''Message from "[[Yae Miko|Ramen Buddy]]":''' "What a lovely surprise. I didn't think the mighty Arataki Itto would still remember his old ramen buddy."
:::'''Message from "Ramen Buddy":''' "A glorious drumming festival on a deserted little island. It'd be a pity to miss out on such an interesting event."
:::'''Message from "Ramen Buddy":''' "So of course, the moment I received your invitation, I couldn't get myself here fast enough."
:::'''Message from "Ramen Buddy":''' "In order to show my gratitude, I brought you a free all-you-can-eat ramen voucher for Yukio's food stall. I'm sure you can come up with some way to thank me."
:::'''Message from "Ramen Buddy":''' "By the way, I should mention &mdash; the voucher is only valid for the Fried Tofu meal deal."
::{{DIcon}} Kimura's Message: ''(Available starting on Day 6)''<!-- Day 6 -->
:::'''Kimura's Message:''' "Recently, Madam Kujou let it slip that the Drumalong Festival on Amakane Island was quite interesting. My coworkers and I got curious, so we stopped by after work to check it out."
:::'''Kimura's Message:''' "We were more than a little surprised to find that it was the work of the Arataki Gang, who we evicted from Ritou just a few days ago. So they actually pulled it off, they're hosting a festival. Good for them, I say."
:::'''Kimura's Message:''' "Sure, it's a very small-scale festival, but it's a first step. Keep at it, you guys. I hope to see more of this from you in the future."
:::'''Kimura's Message:''' "P.S. Roasted Lavender Melon &mdash; surprisingly good!"
::{{DIcon}} Leave.
:{{DIcon}} Leave.
----
;(Check Safety Plan)<!-- Day 1 -->
:'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival Safety Plan:''' "In case of fire, fetch water quickly."
:'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival Safety Plan:''' "In case of stampede, disperse crowd."
:'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival Safety Plan:''' "Stock up on medical supplies in case of emergencies."
:'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival Safety Plan:''' "..."
:'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival Safety Plan:''' "Uh, Shinobu, this really is a lot. Are we ever going to see the end of it? Also, are we really going to need all this to get approval?"
:'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival Safety Plan:''' "If I say write, you write! Also, when the Boss and I aren't around, you *will* follow these instructions. Got it? Good. Now keep writing!"

;(Available starting on Day 2)
;(Observe Standee)<!-- Day 2 -->
:'''Ms. Hina Standee:''' (This is the [[Ms. Hina]] standee that was originally in front of [[Yae Publishing House]]. Goodness knows why it's here now.)

;(Available starting on Day 3)
;(Observe the Genius Invokation TCG Limited-Edition Gift Box)<!-- Day 3 -->
:'''Genius Invokation TCG Limited-Edition Gift Box:''' (This is a lovely Genius Invokation TCG gift box. It is said to have been a limited edition release, and that anyone who possesses this set of cards will be a god amongst children.)
:'''Genius Invokation TCG Limited-Edition Gift Box:''' (Do you wish to take this with you?)

;(Available starting on Day 4)
;(Observe the Onikabuto Gift Box)<!-- Day 4 -->
:'''Onikabuto Gift Box:''' (A small box with Onikabuto in it. It is clear that this box was pretty pricey. To think that even Onikabuto might warrant packaging this fancy &mdash; this, you suppose, must be the vagaries of supply and demand.)
:'''Onikabuto Gift Box:''' (But won't the Onikabuto inside suffocate?)

;(Available starting on Day 5)
;(Observe Kitsune Ramen All-You-Can-Eat Card)<!-- Day 5 -->
:'''Kitsune Ramen All-You-Can-Eat Card:''' (The owner of [[Yukio]]'s stall has a good head for finance, and has had Ramen Cards made for rare and honored customers. This card therefore serves as a status symbol when you go for some ramen, and also lets you eat as much as you please.)
:'''Kitsune Ramen All-You-Can-Eat Card:''' (It's just a shame that this offer only applies to the ramen that goes with fried tofu.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Itto's and Paimon's nicknames for each other, "(puny little) flying Lavender Melon" and "Bull-Chucker," come from their interactions in ''[[The Unexpected Guest]]'', the first part of the Archon Quest Interlude Chapter [[Perilous Trail]].

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ru:Грандиозный барабанный фестиваль великолепного Аратаки (задание)]]