{{SoundtrackTabs}}
==Behind the Scenes with the Artists==
'''[https://youtu.be/NWttfnCIX5E ''Genshin Impact'' OST — Behind the Scenes with the Artists]'''

Musicians and staff of HOYO-MiX and the London Philharmonic Orchestra discuss creating and understanding the music for ''Genshin Impact''.

===How would you sum up the music in ''Genshin Impact''?===
'''Zoe, {{Not a typo|Music Director}}:''' ''Genshin Impact'' is an open-world game. We wanted to create the sense of different styles in different regions. So we chose traditional orchestral music as the base, then we added in elements of world music, creating the sense of different cultures.

'''Yu-Peng Chen, Composer and Music Producer:''' We needed a distinct musical language to fit the world of ''Genshin Impact''. After deciding on the main theme, I started working on variations. Basically, I took the orchestral music and added in elements of world music. For example, some Irish tin whistle, some acoustic guitar, and some plucked string instruments &mdash; it sounds very Medieval. The music is crucial. When the player enters the game, the first impression of the music should capture the feeling of the game world. One problem I had while composing was how to achieve consistency throughout the music.

'''[https://www.robertziegler.co.uk/ Robert Ziegler, Conductor:]''' This is something new for orchestras and for me because in a film there may be a lot of music, but in a video game the music can go on forever because you have the same thing on many different levels. So there's lots of music and Yu-Peng has written a great deal of music for this. But it's very interesting, because with the film you can usually see the film, but with a video game or computer game, you can't see it till you play it.

'''[https://www.airstudios.com/nick-wollage/ Nick Wollage, Mix Engineer:]''' The thing that struck me most about this score in particular is Yu-Peng's facility for incorporating some incredibly difficult writing. When you take a step back and de-focus slightly, it sounds incredibly simple but it really isn't. The musicians on this score have really risen to the occasion because it's absolutely phenomenal playing. It's very difficult and we were under a bit of a time pressure. They really pulled out all the stops and it was really quite amazing actually.

'''{{w|Philippe Honoré (violinist)|Philippe Honoré, Guest Concertmaster:}}''' I'm Philippe Honoré. I'm guesting here with the LPO to do these recording sessions for this video game. I think it's really well written, it's really effective. It's like good film music, very atmospheric. All the battle scenes are very exciting. There are also some really really nice tunes, beautiful tunes. It's been a pleasure to work on it.

'''Graham Wood, Manager, London Philharmonic Orchestra:''' So we've really enjoyed hearing Yu-Peng's music. It sounds fantastic and covers such a wide variety of different styles. I'm sure it will be very effective in the game.
----
'''Yu-Peng Chen, Composer and Music Producer:''' Because I composed a [[Genshin Impact Main Theme|main melody for ''Genshin Impact'']], much of the in-game music, background music, music for different scenarios, different places, was all derived from that one tune. ''Genshin Impact'' has a time system: it has daytime, nighttime, and dusk. Three different variations of the same theme are set to play at these different times but they share the same tonality, they convey the same mood. Aside from the main theme, I especially like the battle music. My favorite is probably the [[Caelestinum Finale Termini|Stormterror boss-battle music]]. For this piece, as well as exercising a degree of restraint, I tried adding some new elements into the mix such as female humming to convey the sorrow of the situation: you want to subdue the dragon, to cleanse it. I also like the rest of the Stormterror battle music, I would say it represents a personal style of mine. It's artistic, it makes use of minor keys. It conveys a certain melancholy But it's calm &mdash; calm and gentle. It sets the scene, creates the mood. Music is a language that works like a magic spell. It provokes an emotional response in the player, makes them want to stay a little longer in this world &mdash; that is what good game music should aspire to achieve.

==Developer Insight: Behind the Music of ''Genshin Impact''==
'''[https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/5000 Developer Insight #3 - Behind the Music of ''Genshin Impact'' (1)]'''

===Designing the Music of ''Genshin Impact'' — Game and Music Working as One===
{{Transclude|Soundtrack/Background|Designing the Music of ''Genshin Impact'' — Game and Music Working as One}}

===''Genshin Impact'' Main Theme - A Clear Direction Down a Bumpy Road===
{{Transclude|Soundtrack/Background|''Genshin Impact'' Main Theme - A Clear Direction Down a Bumpy Road}}

===Time Changes on the Login Screen===
{{Transclude|Soundtrack/Background|Time Changes on the Login Screen}}

===Boss Music: Tunes Led by Emotion===
{{Transclude|Soundtrack/Background|Boss Music: Tunes Led by Emotion}}

==Yu-Peng Chen VGMO Interview==
{{Transclude|Soundtrack/Background|Yu-Peng Chen VGMO Interview}}

[[Category:Developer Insight]]