{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11100
|image         = Story Quest The Master of Stars' Deception.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Alatus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Butterfly's Dream
|character     = Xiao
|requirement   = Complete [[Of the Land Amidst Monoliths]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Guili Plains]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Qiongji Estuary
|subarea       = Guili Plains
|next          = Glimmers of the Vigilant Yaksha
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Female Believer; Male Believer; Mercantile Believer; Paimon; Starsnatcher; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Master of Stars' Deception''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Butterfly's Dream}}.

==Steps==
# Check near [[Wangshu Inn]]
# Defeat the [[hilichurl]]s with the evil aura{{Enemy List|Hilichurl*2}}
# Talk to the man in the mask
# Talk to the followers to find out about [[Starsnatcher]] (0/3)
#* Talk to [[Male Believer]]
#* Talk to [[Mercantile Believer]]
#* Talk to [[Female Believer]]
# Talk to Starsnatcher

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You discovered some hilichurls near Wangshu Inn that are giving off dark energy, just as an [[adeptus]] who calls himself Starsnatcher is performing some exorcist arts nearby...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon discovering the hilichurls)
:{{A|vo xlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}... Is it just Paimon, or is there something weird about those hilichurls over there?
:{{DIcon}} They do give off a sinister energy.
::{{A|vo xlq001 1 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks so too. We've seen plenty of hilichurls before, and they're always the bad guys... but this is different.
:{{DIcon}} They seem unusually agitated.
::{{A|vo xlq001 1 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! Maybe it has something to do with that sorta... dark energy they're giving off?
:{{A|vo xlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, this is right by the Wangshu Inn, too. The guests are in great danger!
:{{A|vo xlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that we've seen it, if we don't do anything about it, Paimon will feel really guilty... Let's go take care of them, {{Traveler}}!
----
;(After defeating the hilichurls)
:{{A|vo xlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  These super evil hilichurls are more difficult to defeat than the usual kind, too.
:{{A|vo xlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  Hey, seems like people are gathering over there... Wonder what they're doing?
:{{A|vo xlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  Whoa, see that guy in the mask? He&mdash;He scared off all the hilichurls!
:{{DIcon}} Could he be an adeptus?
:{{DIcon}} Looked like he was using some sort of adeptus art...
:{{A|vo xlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  Oh, you mean like [[Xiao]]? Now that you mention it, this guy's mask is kinda similar to the one he wears...
:{{A|vo xlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  But the magic he was using seemed even more adeptus-y than Xiao's. Shall we go say hi?
----
;(Idle quotes)
:'''Male Believer:''' ...Is indeed divine!
:'''Mercantile Believer:''' ...Adepti arts in action!
:'''Female Believer:''' ...As powerful as ever.

;(Talk to Starsnatcher)
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahem. Hello! Allow us to introduce ourselves, this&mdash;
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Please, if you're here to thank me, there's no need. Cleansing the world of evil is the duty of the adepti. Think nothing of it &mdash; I certainly don't.
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Wait, who are you? One had assumed you were followers, but on closer inspection it seems that we have not met.
:{{DIcon}} We are just travelers passing by.
::{{A|vo xlq001 3 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' My name's Paimon! And this is my sidekick, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 03a.ogg}} '''???:''' One sees. One, too, shall introduce oneself, for it is good manners to comply.
:{{DIcon}} We are following the trail of the adepti.
::{{A|vo xlq001 3 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' My name's Paimon! And this is my sidekick, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 03b.ogg}} '''???:''' Then it is right that our paths coincide. I, too, shall introduce myself, for with good manners to comply.
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Ahem... The one before you is the adeptus, Master of Stars, though one is better known to one's followers as "Starsnatcher."
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 05.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' One descended from one's mountain abode to cleanse the world of evil, whereupon fate saw fit that our paths should cross. Now... tell me that which you wish for.
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our wishes? Paimon thought that the adepti in Liyue were just really good in battle... You mean you can grant people's wishes, too?
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 06.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Hah... There are different levels of adepti... Are not the stars loftier than the mountains, clouds, and moon?
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 07.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Yet, it is unbecoming of an adepti to boast of one's powers. One would have you first speak to one's followers, and only then make your verdict.
----
;(Talk to Starsnatcher again, optional)
:{{A|vo xlq001 3 starsnatcher 08.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Chat with them as you please. One will not beat one's own drum &mdash; the words of others shall ring truer.

;(Talk to the Male Believer, on the left)
:{{A|vo xlq001 4 malefollower 01.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' Have you seen the Master of Stars in action? His power truly hails from the divine!
:{{A|vo xlq001 4 malefollower 02.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' I believe that now, there is finally some hope for my ailing father...
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the Master of Stars.
:{{A|vo xlq001 4 malefollower 03.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' Watching him use his magic is all the proof you need. A true adeptus, no doubt about it.
:{{A|vo xlq001 4 malefollower 04.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' Not long ago, I sought some medicine from him on behalf of my ailing father. The difference with [[Bubu Pharmacy]]'s prescriptions was like night and day, I tell you.
:{{A|vo xlq001 4 malefollower 05.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' Once it was boiled and ready, it gave off this really ethereal mist &mdash; seemed pretty adeptal to me! Hm... Could have also been because there was [[Mist Flower]] in it though...
:{{A|vo xlq001 4 malefollower 06.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' Adepti medicine is surely the most potent. My father will recover soon, I just know it...
:{{A|vo xlq001 4 malefollower 07.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' Sure, you have to make some sacrifices if you seek help from an adeptus like the Master of Stars &mdash; I had to give a few antiques as offerings. But my father's life is worth much more than a few old relics, right?

;(Talk to the Mercantile Believer, in the middle)
:{{A|vo xlq001 5 merchantfollower 01.ogg}} '''Mercantile Believer:''' The [[Millelith]] don't really need to do shifts when the Master of Stars is around, do they?
:{{DIcon}} What do you know about the Master of Stars?
:{{A|vo xlq001 5 merchantfollower 02.ogg}} '''Mercantile Believer:''' I'm a merchant, and I had an especially valuable batch of goods that needed transporting recently. So, I asked the Master of Stars if he would make the journey with me, as presumptuous as that was.
:{{A|vo xlq001 5 merchantfollower 03.ogg}} '''Mercantile Believer:''' Reason being, monsters run a mile as soon as he so much as holds up his talisman. We didn't have the slightest bit of trouble the whole journey.
:{{A|vo xlq001 5 merchantfollower 04.ogg}} '''Mercantile Believer:''' It didn't come cheap, of course... but then, soliciting the services of an adeptus is a monumental affair &mdash; just look at the Rite of Descension! So I can accept it, but I doubt that most from outside of Liyue would be willing to...

;(Talk to the Female Believer, on the right)
:{{A|vo xlq001 6 femalefollower 01.ogg}} '''Female Believer:''' Finally, a life full of hope and purpose...
:{{DIcon}} What are your thoughts on the Master of Stars?
:{{A|vo xlq001 6 femalefollower 02.ogg}} '''Female Believer:''' Oh! Are you believers, too?
:{{A|vo xlq001 6 femalefollower 03.ogg}} '''Female Believer:''' After my fiancé upped and left, I cried every day...
:{{A|vo xlq001 6 femalefollower 04.ogg}} '''Female Believer:''' But then I turned to the Master of Stars for help. At his suggestion, I started burning paintings of my fiancé and casting the ashes into the ocean at sunrise...
:{{A|vo xlq001 6 femalefollower 05.ogg}} '''Female Believer:''' I can't explain it... but it really worked! I know in my heart that he will return. This is not some sort of positive thinking trick... I am certain of it.
:{{A|vo xlq001 6 femalefollower 06.ogg}} '''Female Believer:'''  I'm so overjoyed that I gave a portion of my wedding budget to the Master of Stars as an offering. After all, if not for him, I wouldn't be getting my fiancé back, in which case I wouldn't need it anyway...
----
;(Talk to Starsnatcher)
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 01.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' What do you think? One's adherents may exaggerate a little, but they speak from the heart.
:{{DIcon}} From their imaginations, I'd say...
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 02.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Haha, surely you must jest. There was once a senior adeptus, Xue Wuliang, known to the people as "Liangzi." He said this:
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 03.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:'''  "All things are connected. That which mortals call 'imagination' is merely the bridge betwixt the spiritual and the material."
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 04.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' In other words, their wishes are already on the path of transitioning into reality. Does this make things clearer?
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh... Nope, it makes them way more complicated... But basically, what you're saying is that their wishes can come true, right?
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 05.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Indeed. You are perceptive, my diminutive friend.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay. Um, so we also have one other question.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 06.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Oh? You need but ask.
:{{DIcon}} Why do you wear a mask?
:{{DIcon}} Go on, take it off, lemme see...
::{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Isn't that a bit inappropriate?
::{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 07b.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Hm. Indeed, it would be inappropriate for one to remove one's mask.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 08.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' One... wanders among mortals, doing good and cleansing evil. One reveals not one's visage to avoid further disturbance to this realm than is necessary.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, got it.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 09.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Now then &mdash; what are your wishes?
:{{DIcon}} I want to know where my sibling is.
::{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 10a.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Hmm... One senses that a tragic tale lies behind this wish...
:{{DIcon}} I want power rivaling that of the gods.
::{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 10b.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' Indeed, a great many obstacles may be overcome given commensurate power. But one cannot but wonder &mdash; what grudge have you against the gods?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to get rich quick!
::{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 05c a.ogg}} {{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 05c b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now hold on a second! What about your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}!?
::{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 10c.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' This is a common mortal sentiment. That you hail not from Liyue is manifest in your appearance, but one senses their materialistic influence upon you.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 11.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' So be it. This wish is not beyond one's power to grant...
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 12.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' But first, one must see some proof of your... faith.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What's that supposed to mean?
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 starsnatcher 13.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' The way of the adepti cannot be grasped from words alone. One must seek... the profound truths that lie beyond them... Should you fail to perceive one's hidden meaning, then regrettably, one may lend you no aid.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do we do? Paimon doesn't understand  him at all!
:{{DIcon}} I think he wants us to sweeten the deal...
:{{DIcon}} I think he wants some [[Mora]]...
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right! Some of those believers mentioned that they had to pay a pretty sum for the adeptus' help, didn't they?
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well Paimon's not forking over any Mora, and we don't have anything valuable enough on us...
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You don't even have a [[Vision]]...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think people put Visions up for sale.
:{{DIcon}} No need to rub it in...
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Why don't we make him a tasty snack? No one can resist the temptation of good food, can they?
:{{DIcon}} No one who share your values, for sure...
:{{DIcon}} Nom! Sounds good.
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, a tasty snack is sure to work! Hehehe...
:{{A|vo xlq001 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we head over to [[Wanwen Bookhouse]] and see if they've got any new recipes in?
----
;(Talk to the Male Believer again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xlq001 malefollower 01.ogg}} '''Male Believer:''' I still have some valuables at home, Starsnatcher. I can bring them tomorrow, to see if they're to your liking.

;(Talk to the Mercantile Believer again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xlq001 merchantfollower 01.ogg}} '''Mercantile Believer:''' Please Starsnatcher, watch over me...

;(Talk to the Female Believer again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xlq001 femalefollower 01.ogg}} '''Female Believer:'''  I'm only at ease with the Master of Stars present...

;(Talk to Starsnatcher again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xlq001 starsnatcher 01.ogg}} '''Starsnatcher:''' You need not fret &mdash; as long as you evidence your faith, your wishes will be granted.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The name "Liangzi," whom Starsnatcher claims is a senior adeptus, is a play on the real-life {{w|Laozi}} (also known as Lao Tzu), a quasi-historical Chinese philosopher who allegedly wrote the ''{{w|Tao Te Ching}}'', an influential piece of literature in Taoism.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Master of Stars' Deception
|zhs     = 掇星攫辰惑众心
|zhs_rm  = Duōxīng Juéchén Huò Zhòngxīn
|zht     = 掇星攫辰惑心
|zht_rm  = Duōxīng Juéchén Huò Zhòngxīn
|zh_tl   = Star-Gathering Heavens-Snatcher Confuses the Hearts of All
|ja      = 掇星攫辰、人心を惑わす
|ja_rm   = Sessei Kakushin, Jinshin wo Madowasu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Star-Gathering Heavens-Snatcher, Deceiving Human Hearts{{Sino}}
|ko      = 사람들을 현혹하는 철성확진
|ko_rm   = Saramdeuruel Hyeonhokhaneun Cheolseonghwakjin
|ko_tl   = Star-Gathering Heavens-Snatcher Who Deceive People
|es      = El engaño de Ladrón de Estrellas
|es_tl   = The Star Stealer's Hoax
|fr      = Un étrange voleur d'étoiles
|fr_tl   = A Strange Stealer of Stars
|ru      = Небесный Император Самозванец
|ru_tl   = Heavenly Emperor Impersonator
|th      = เรื่องมายาของผู้คว้าดวงดาว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tinh Nguyệt Mê Hoặc Nhân Tâm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Täuschung des Himmelsfürsten
|de_tl   = The Sky Prince's Deception
|id      = Tipuan Sang Penguasa Bintang
|id_tl   = Deception of The Master of Stars
|pt      = Desilusão do Ladrão de Estrelas
|pt_tl   = Delusion of the Thief of the Stars
|tr      = Yıldızların Efendisi'nin Yanıltmacası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'inganno del Maestro delle stelle
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:El engaño de Ladrón de Estrellas]]
[[ja:掇星攫辰、人心を惑わす]]
[[pt-br:Desilusão do Ladrão de Estrelas]]