{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
}}
'''The Berserker''' is the titular character of the [[Berserker]] artifact set.

==Story==
Even before the disaster struck, The Berserker lived alone, spending his time off the battlefield tending to a garden of roses.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Berserker's Rose}}</ref> One day his homeland was destroyed in the battle between gods and mortals, his garden was consumed by the flames that devoured his homeland and crows fed on the flesh of his countrymen. Within the flames, he was horribly burned and lost his sanity, but devoted himself to revenge and fought back,<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Berserker's Indigo Feather}}</ref> his mask fusing to his face.<ref name="BBM">{{Ref/Arti|Berserker's Battle Mask}}</ref> The Berserker continued to fight man, monster, and even challenged gods in his bloodlust and quest for vengeance. One particular giant monster he encountered in a barren land he allegedly fought for years until finally killing it.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Berserker's Bone Goblet}}</ref> His mask, which had made an imprint onto his face, was broken in his various fierce battles, but he kept fighting on through the pain.<ref name="BBM" /> Eventually, the Berserker ran out of opponents, and died after meeting his last challenge.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Berserker's Timepiece}}</ref>

It is unclear where his homeland was, the time period in which he lived, and the disaster that befell his homeland.
<!--
==Trivia==
*-->
==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:狂戦士 (NPC)]]