[[Version 1.5]]
*The following steps were removed prior to reporting back to Jiayi:
*#Defeat all enemies
*#Talk to [[Jiu|the girl]] nearby
*The following dialogue was changed from:
<div style="border:1px solid; padding-left:0.5em; background:transparent; border-radius:4px; margin-left:50px; margin-right:5px;">
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the last location)
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like there's nothing strange going on here after all.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What's that little girl doing over there...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Earthquake! What's going one!?
:'''Paimon:''' Careful, Paimon feels like something bad is about to happen...

;(After two Geovishaps appear)
:'''Paimon:''' Watch out! Monsters and they're coming this way!

;(After defeating the Geovishaps)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, glad that's dealt with. Where did those monsters come from, though?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go check on that little girl. Hope she didn't get a scare.

;(Talk to Jiu)
:'''Jiu:''' The awakening is coming...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:'''Jiu:''' Are you here to witness His resurrection?
:'''Jiu:''' You're a little early... But you're not too late, either.
:'''Paimon:''' ...What in the world is she talking about?
:{{DIcon}} Um, what are you talking about?
:'''Jiu:''' Huh... Still the truth does not dawn on you...
:'''Jiu:''' Though, perhaps it is better that way. For you.
:'''Jiu:''' Return now, and await His awakening... Then, you shall surely understand.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Nope, still no clue what she's talking about. Oh well... let's head back, shall we?

;(Talk to Jiu again)
:'''Jiu:''' When He awakens, you will surely understand.
----
;(Talk to Jiayi)
:'''Jiayi:''' You're back. What's the situation?
:{{DIcon}} So, here's what it's like in Nantianmen...
:'''Jiayi:''' ...Earthquakes, monsters, and a little girl... A missing child, presumably?
:{{DIcon}} Here's what she said...
:'''Jiayi:''' ...She said what? Who's "He"? And what "resurrection"? What a load of nonsense...
:'''Jiayi:''' Who knows what kind of strange books she must have been reading... Anyway, that's beside the point. I'll send for someone to bring the child back to the city at once.
:'''Jiayi:''' First earthquakes, and now monsters... We mustn't let that child come to harm.
:'''Jiayi:''' Thank you so much. Please take these as thanks for running this errand for me.
:'''Jiayi:''' Ugh, never a slow day of work, eh?
{{Dialogue end}}
</div>
* to:
<div style="border:1px solid; padding-left:0.5em; background:transparent; border-radius:4px; margin-left:50px; margin-right:5px;">
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the last location)
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like there's nothing strange going on here after all.
:'''Paimon:''' Everything's... pretty normal.
----
;(Talk to Jiayi)
:'''Jiayi:''' You're back. What's the situation?
:{{DIcon}} Everything seems normal...
:'''Jiayi:''' Normal? So... no earthquakes, no monsters? How strange...
:'''Jiayi:''' Still, normality is good news. Thank you for your assistance, please take these as a token of my gratitude.
:'''Jiayi:''' Right, onto the next task... No matter how much I get done, there's always more to do...
{{Dialogue end}}
</div>
----
[[Version 1.1]]
*The Secret of Nantianmen was released.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>