{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73699
|title         = The Recollector's Path
|image         = Event Quest The Recollector's Path Part 3.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Recollector's Path
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Sorush; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Vourukasha Oasis]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Realm of Farakhkert
|subarea       = Vourukasha Oasis
|prev          = The Recollector's Path (Part 2)
|next          = The Recollector's Path (Part 4)
|rewards       = Primogem*10;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
}}
'''''The Recollector's Path''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Recollector's Path]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Zurvan
# Head to the specified location and complete the trial
# Talk to Sorush

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sorush's training continues. Even a Wenut crystallized across countless eras has a date of expiry. Could there possibly be an ode or poem that could outlast even such a being?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Zurvan)
:'''Zurvan:''' Hm. Looks like you successfully completed your training.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, we got it done, but ugh, Sorush...
:'''Paimon:''' After seeing that crystallized Wenut, she said, with real sincerity, that even though it had existed for centuries, one day it would still disappear without a trace...
:'''Paimon:''' And then immediately afterward, when we mentioned that her odes might be distorted as well, her mood changed instantly.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. But of course! My deeds... I mean, the deeds of us Pari should be eternal. How can such a thing be compared to that which might part into dust and ash?
:'''Sorush:''' If something cannot be recorded properly, then there must be something wrong with the method. You wished to remind me of this fact, which is why you sent me to view the crystallized Wenut. Am I right, Elder Zurvan?
:'''Zurvan:''' Ah. That's the way you see it. Interesting.
:'''Sorush:''' Do you care nothing for the renown of the Pari?
:'''Zurvan:''' If you're speaking of renown in the way humans understand it, not so much. Whatever you say, the present-day members of the Order of Skeptics are so very dull.
:'''Zurvan:''' Of course, if there are more interesting individuals like {{Traveler}} or Paimon, then that would be a different case entirely.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, a compliment from Zurvan.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks! Appreciate the praise, Elder!
::'''Sorush:''' Hold... Y&mdash;You can't call her "Elder"!
::'''Paimon:''' Sorush, there's no need to be stingy. Zurvan is the eldest here, so us calling her elder is reasonable, right?
:{{DIcon}} Can "interesting" be considered a compliment?
::'''Zurvan:''' It is by my standards.
:'''Zurvan:''' Alright. Enough idle chatter. If Sorush still thinks so highly of this "human notion of renown," then the training that comes next might be just right.
:'''Zurvan:''' Alright. I await your good news.
----
;(After completing the two trials)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, isn't this the place we passed by looking for Mihir? Though, Mihir shouldn't be here right now, right?
:'''Paimon:''' All those thorns... They should be Mihir's companions. They look pretty good. Speaking of which, they helped us a lot.
:'''Sorush:''' Pale Floater... Did you forget all that I have accomplished?
:'''Paimon:''' No way. You might complain a lot, but you do care about your people, right?
:{{DIcon}} I... What did you do, Sorush? I can't seem to recall.
::'''Sorush:''' How can you be so forgetful, Yasnapati? I punish you with the task of several more odes!
:{{DIcon}} Sorush's the hero of this story.
::'''Sorush:''' Indeed, hehe.
:'''Paimon:''' Haha. Paimon knew it! You've got a big bark to go with your soft heart.
:'''Sorush:''' Malicious slander! I was only here because I wished to earn the Chaplet. If the elder hadn't made me come... Hmph.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, whatever you say, Mihir's part of the reason you even managed to claim the Twin-Horned Chaplet. Shouldn't you thank her for that, at least?
:'''Sorush:''' Her? Bah. For such a figure, one stained and still struggling thusly, I'd say she would only be worth any merit after another ten cleansing pilgrimages.
:'''Paimon:''' Ten is way too many! Uh... Wait a minute, on second thought, Paimon thinks it wouldn't be too hard...
:{{DIcon}} The path really isn't that long.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, maybe we can use it as exercise every now and again?
:{{DIcon}} Though the way isn't long, running it repeatedly does make me tired...
::'''Sorush:''' Huh? I expected an adventurer to be used to such a life by now.
:'''Paimon:''' From the name, Paimon thought we would be walking for ten days and nights. As it turns out, we didn't even need to go that far. Hmm... the shortness of this trail is making Paimon suspicious.
:'''Sorush:''' If it was as long as the Oceanids' pilgrimage, then perhaps I would respect her. As it stands now, I can only state that the distance of the cleansing pilgrimage suits Mihir.
:'''Paimon:''' The Oceanids' pilgrimage?
:'''Sorush:''' After the catastrophe, a great number of Oceanids came from Fontaine to Sumeru, with the path they walked becoming their so-called holy path.
:'''Paimon:''' Strange. Why would the Oceanids need to come to Sumeru? Pilgrimage... A pilgrimage for what?
:'''Sorush:''' Hm... I only heard of such a thing from my elder. Though there have been Oceanids from Fontaine, I haven't truly looked into it...
:{{DIcon}} Could it be for the Harvisptokhm?
:'''Paimon:''' Right. Sorush said that the Harvisptokhm was the god that let the Pari be born. If honor's a big deal here, then the thing most deserving of it is definitely the Harvisptokhm.
:'''Paimon:''' But what's the potential relationship between the Oceanids and the Harvisptokhm...? Don't tell Paimon the Oceanids and Pari are like, distantly related?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Looking at you carefully, Paimon's really beginning to see the resemblance!
:'''Paimon:''' Haha. Paimon hasn't discovered any world-shaking secrets, has she?
:{{DIcon}} They're not that similar.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe a bit.
:'''Sorush:''' The slander flows from your lips again, Pale Floater... I know nothing of any Oceanid.
:'''Paimon:''' Hm. You're probably right. Sorush did say that the distance Oceanids need to travel for their pilgrimage is far longer than Mihir's cleansing.
:'''Paimon:''' But if that's true, does that mean the Oceanids are stronger than the Pari? Is Sorush admitting defeat? Hehe.
:'''Sorush:''' Wh&mdash;What? I didn't mean that...
:'''Sorush:''' ...In all seriousness, the "cleansing pilgrimage" is not actually tied to distance. It is more of a symbolic affair, showcasing a rise and return to form.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... That sounds impressive... but...
:'''Sorush:''' Regardless, it is irrational to brush all Pari as lesser than the Oceanids! And not because of any bias I may or may not have regarding Mihir.
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, why did Zurvan say that the next part of the training was just right for Sorush? It doesn't look like anything special here. Also, Mihir's missing too...
:'''Paimon:''' Though if she was here, Sorush probably wouldn't talk to her properly either. They are pretty different in a lot of ways.
:{{DIcon}} One is round and the other is pricky?
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, but... But that's not what Paimon wanted to say!
:{{DIcon}} Mihir doesn't need a Yasnapati.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. She also said that being forgotten is a good thing.
:'''Sorush:''' That fool... If her existence and her efforts over these centuries are forgotten, then what was it all for?
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe that's the question that Zurvan wants Sorush to think about?
:'''Sorush:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' It seems that Sorush still needs some time.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=The Recollector's Path}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Jornada das Infindáveis Memórias (Parte 3)]]