{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13006
|image         = Story Quest The Warm Rhythm of the Streets.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lotos Somno Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = To the Wise
|character     = Nilou
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Complete Archon Quest [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings: Denouement]]
* Spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Grand Bazaar]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = Show Canceled
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}{{Card|Tahchin|3}}{{Card|Padisarah|3}}{{Card|Faded Red Satin|3}}{{Card|Trimmed Red Silk|3}}
|characters    = Abhi; Afshin; Farhad; Hushang; Inayah; Jut; Khasani; Kourosh; Najia; Nilou; Paimon; Rekhar; Sharif; Sheikh Zubayr; Sohrin; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Warm Rhythm of the Streets''''' is the first part of [[Nilou]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lotos Somno Chapter]]: Act I - [[To the Wise]].

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Grand Bazaar]]
# Talk to [[Nilou]]
# Collect the purchased goods with Nilou
# Collect another batch of goods with Nilou
# Collect the last goods with Nilou
# Go back to the theater with Nilou
# Talk to the members of the theater (0/3)
# Talk with Nilou and wait for the event to begin
# Talk with Nilou about the current situation

==Notes==
*The player will not be able to purchase from any of the shops in the bazaar before completing step #6.

==Dialogue==
{{StubDialogue|Check for other NPC Talk lines and talk-again lines<br />Missing open world dialogue while collecting the purchased goods}}
{{Quest Description|To prepare supplies for your adventure, you and Paimon come to the Grand Bazaar...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Nilou in the grand bazaar)
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nilou, it's nice to see you again!
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Oh, hey there, (Traveler) and Paimon!
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you here for some shopping too?
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' That's right. Although there were a few hiccups here and there, the [[Sabzeruz Festival]] turned out to be a grand success!
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' And so, the theater wants to host a celebration event.
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Do you two want to come? It'll be a really fun time!
:{{DIcon}} A celebration event?
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It's something like a tradition of ours. Whenever we wrap an important performance, we'll get together and unwind.
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Rehearsals are exhausting... If you keep your nose to the grindstone, you're going to wipe yourself out sooner or later.
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Mr. Zubayr, our manager, always says that celebrations aren't just for fun, but that they should also be occasions for reflection and review...
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe, but no one remembers that once the celebration starts. It's not like he can't also have some fun himself.
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 03b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' We've been to a lot of festivals during our adventures!
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Will your celebration also have lots of yummy food and drinks?
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Of course! We always do lots of eating, toasting, and gift-exchanging. We try really hard to show our appreciation for everyone.
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh, so we'll need to bring a present...
:{{DIcon}} Don't tell me you were planning to freeload?
::{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way! Treat others how you want to be treated, right? Paimon already has a great gift in mind!
::{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 06a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But maybe you could lend Paimon some Mora first...?
:{{DIcon}} Into a gift box you go, Paimon.
::{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 06b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon's gonna put YOU in a box first!
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hahaha, it's fine! No need to stress, Paimon.
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You can come, present or not. The gift exchange is just to make the celebration more entertaining.
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You two being there would be the best gift of all! It'll also be a good time to introduce you to the rest of the theater.
:{{DIcon}} (Speaking of, since we last met her in her dream...)
:{{DIcon}} (Many more things have happened...)
:{{A|vo nllq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is something up?
;(If the player has not completed ''[[Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies]]'')
::{{DIcon}} A pity Dunyarzad can't also be here...
::{{A|vo nllq001 2 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah... but for now, it's more important for her to rest and recover.
::{{A|vo nllq001 2 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I tried to visit her, but I got turned away at the door... The people there wouldn't listen to a single word I said.
::{{A|vo nllq001 2 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' All I could do was to leave a letter encouraging her to get some rest and keep her spirits up.
::{{A|vo nllq001 2 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' She'll be better soon, and then we can celebrate together at the theater!
::{{A|vo nllq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all thanks to you and Nilou that we managed to save Dunyarzad!
::{{DIcon}} I just didn't want her to have any regrets.
::{{DIcon}} She also helped us out a lot.
::{{A|vo nllq001 2 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You're way too modest! Just now, I actually felt really self-conscious when Paimon talked about us in the same breath.
::{{A|vo nllq001 2 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Compared to you, I really didn't do much at all.
;(If the player has completed ''Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies'')
::{{DIcon}} Did you run into any trouble after your dance?
::{{A|vo nllq001 3 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You mean when I danced at the square right in front of the Akademiya? Hehe, not a single person came after me. I left really easily.
::{{A|vo nllq001 3 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' After that, no one came to the theater to scold me, either. We actually gained many new customers... And, they were all Akademiya students.
::{{A|vo nllq001 3 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' From what I can tell, in the past, if a student were to put off their studies to watch a show or dance, they'd be called foolish and irresponsible.
::{{A|vo nllq001 3 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But now, it seems like this attitude is changing. People are starting to believe that engaging with the arts can help them balance their moods, and through that, improve their research efficiency at work.
::{{A|vo nllq001 3 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Anyway, it seems like people have to personally experience something to gain a good understanding of it.
::{{A|vo nllq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They should thank us for opening their eyes!
::{{DIcon}} Hopefully, they'll appreciate the arts more.
::{{A|vo nllq001 3 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' That'll probably take some time... They're still droning on and on about "experimentation" and "proof." Will they really gain more appreciation for the arts if they continue to think of everything like that?
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe, anyway, all that aside, are you thinking about coming to our event?
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it'll be a great time... What do you think, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, it sounds like fun.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, we have some time right now anyway.
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alright, then let's head to the theater...
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' &mdash;Wait, I completely forgot about this pile of stuff!
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Did you buy all of this, Nilou!?
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Just one box. The rest were given to me. I really don't know how it came to this much...
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's way too many freebies! Many vendors give out samples for free, but Paimon's never seen this much...
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' All I know is that whenever I start chatting with people, my hands would get more and more full until I can't hold everything anymore. This seems to happen every time...
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I was planning on making a few trips to bring everything back, before continuing on with my shopping... but I don't think I'll have the time.
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this isn't even all of it!?
:{{DIcon}} Let me help you.
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' A&mdash;Are you sure?
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 paimon 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo nllq001 4 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! Carrying stuff is a piece of cake for {{MC|m=him|f=her}}. Right, Traveler?
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ahh, I'm so sorry to trouble you like this... I meant to invite you to our celebration, but now, you're helping me instead...
:{{A|vo nllq001 4 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Well, let's hurry up and grab the last few things, so we can get back to the theater.
:;(Obtain [[Purchased Goods (Version 1)]])
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You learned from Nilou that Zubayr Theater is going to hold a celebration, and at her invitation, you decided to attend. But until then, you have to do Nilou a little favor.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Jut)
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 01.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Oh, well if it isn't Nilou!
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Greetings, Mr. Jut! Do you still have any food that's ready-to-go?
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 02.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Of course I do! I've heard that Zubayr Theater is hosting a celebration event, so I reserved some food for you in advance.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 03.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Although, it looks like you're gonna need two more portions, haha.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ah, please allow me to introduce them! This is (Traveler), a very experienced adventurer.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 03b.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' And this is Paimon, {{MC|m=his|f=her}} super reliable guide and helper.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nonono, Paimon is&mdash;! ...Hold on, she got it completely right! Look, (Traveler), she introduced Paimon correctly!
:{{DIcon}} Truly, a most rare occurrence.
:{{DIcon}} She just introduced you as you are, Paimon.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 04.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Hahaha, don't underestimate Nilou! She always remembers every last little detail about everyone, even if it sounds completely trivial.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 05.ogg}} '''Jut:''' She's also very brave. Just a little while ago, she saved my precious spices from the jaws of a Sumpter Beast!
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ahh, don't think anything of it! I just help out when I can because everyone else takes such good care of me.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Anyway, sorry to get off topic, we're in a bit of a hurry! Mr. Jut, did you say you didn't reserve enough food?
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 06.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Haha, I was joking! Anyone who runs a business knows to keep some extra stock. After all, orders get changed all the time.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 07.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Oh, that reminds me, it seems that these friends of yours aren't from here. Have they ever tried any delicious [[Tahchin]]?
:{{DIcon}} What's that?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds familiar...
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ooh, what a fantastic idea! Mr. Jut, did you bake a batch recently?
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Tahchin is a mixture of rice and meat that's baked into a cake-like shape. Mr. Jut adds special spices into his!
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Its aroma is just so wonderfully delicious! If you ever see kids crowding all around Mr. Jut's place, you'd know he's baking up a storm.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 08.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Hahaha, but is it really just for the kids? Don't you often follow them in, too?
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I&mdash;I just can't help myself...
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're two peas in a pod! Who doesn't enjoy some good food?
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 09.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Wait here, I'll bring some over.

:'''Everyone enjoys piping-hot Tahchin together.'''

:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Mmmmm...
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, what a dish! It's sweet and sour and full of deliciousness! Paimon can't eat it fast enough!
:{{DIcon}} Typical Paimon.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' No matter how many times I eat it, it's still so delicious!
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 10.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Haha, I wouldn't have offered it as a treat if I wasn't confident in the taste!
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 11.ogg}} '''Jut:''' I baked a lot just now, and it's all packaged and ready for you to take back to the theater.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You made so much! Is it really okay to take them all...
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 12.ogg}} '''Jut:''' It was nothin'! Making one serving or one hundred servings is all the same to me. If anything, I should be thanking you for helping me clear my inventory.
:{{DIcon}} We should pay you, at least.
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 13.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Don't worry about it! What kind of person would I be if I made you pay for a treat?
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 14.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Haha, make sure you got everything!
:{{A|vo nllq001 5 jut 15.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Feel free to come back anytime.
:;(Obtain [[Purchased Goods (Version 2)]], [[Tahchin]] ×3, [[Padisarah]] ×3)

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo nllq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Paimon's starting to understand how you got so many things.
:{{A|vo nllq001 7 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Y&mdash;Yeah... Everyone has their own way with words, and it's really hard to say no...
:{{A|vo nllq001 7 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Let's go to the next store.

;(Talk to Jut again)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 jut 01.ogg}} '''Jut:''' Haha, off with ya. Don't think Sohrin and Abhi will be able to hold out for much longer for that Tahchin...
----
;(Talk to Afshin)
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 01.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Nilou, good timing! I have the textiles you ordered.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 02.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' If you took any longer, the Sumpter Beasts might've gobbled them up.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You and your jokes! Sumpter Beasts won't eat those kinds of things, Mr. Afshin.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jut said that some Sumpter Beasts ate his spices. Were they yours?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 03.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Oh, uh, haha... Yeah, really sorry about that. Nilou, if it weren't for you, I would've lost half of my profits that month.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Trying to pull anything out of a Sumpter Beast's mouth is like playing a game of tug-of-war...
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they really do eat anything, huh.
:{{DIcon}} At least they work after eating.
:{{DIcon}} The one thing that Paimon has in common with Sumpter Beasts.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? What's that supposed to mean!
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 04.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Hahaha, come now. You know, Sumpter Beasts sometimes eat not because they're hungry, but because they like gnawing on things.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 05.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' The textiles you ordered are highly durable and woven from the finest thread.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 06.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' So, even if a Sumpter Beast got snacky, it'd still have to chomp on it for a full day.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You've tested this before?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 07.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' But of course! How else could I be so trustworthy? ...Well, that one time was an accident.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 08.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' I wouldn't dare experiment with such a precious product.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True, it does sound like some good fabric...
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 09.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Oho, have I piqued your interest? If you want to buy some, now's a good time: Buy two bolts and get 20% off!
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, that's a pretty good discount. What do you think, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' No thanks, Mr. Afshin. You can't use that kind of tactic on her. Look, you've already sucked her in.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Tactic? So you mean, everything he just said to Paimon was a lie?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ah, I wouldn't go that far... It's just that Mr. Afshin is really good at spinning stories. A word from him, and you'll find yourself buying things you don't actually need.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Mr. Zubayr gave me a huge lecture the last time I bought too many things...
:{{DIcon}} Vendors shouldn't use manipulative tactics.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 10.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' C'mon, don't look at me like that... All she got was a talking-to from Zubayr, while I was nearly fed head-first to the Sumpter Beasts.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 11.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' My philosophy is that stories give value to merchandise. That's why my business started with such a boom.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 12.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Our Nilou here is an extraordinarily good listener. Back then, she believed anything I said.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 13.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' After a while, I began to feel guilty selling things to her because of how happy she looked... Though she enjoyed the stories and I the Mora, I knew she didn't need to buy that much...
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 14.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Anyway, since then, I've come to realize two things: One, that stories should just be a means instead of an end, and two, that there's more to business than just selling goods.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It's okay, we're all friends now. There's no need to dig up the past.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 15.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Hmm, that reminds me... Some of the goods from my latest shipment aren't in the best condition.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 16.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' They're fine for general use, but my customers have high standards, and I don't have the time or resources to find new buyers right now.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 17.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Nilou, why don't you take them?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Huh? No no no no, I can't do that...
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 18.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Just think of it as a favor for me, alright? The theater can use them for props and whatnot.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 19.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' It costs me Mora to store or ship, so I'm just losing money every day continuing to hold on to them.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Even so, let me buy them at market value.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 20.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Nah, these goods are hard movers. Besides, if I let you pay, wouldn't it mean that I'm just using stories to sell my goods again?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 21.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Just take them. If you really feel that bad about it, give me some theater tickets later.
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 22.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Oh yeah, you should also take some while you're at it. Adventurers are always in need of materials, right?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, even we get a share of this...?
:{{A|vo nllq001 8 afshin 23.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Hurry and take it. Just looking at it all is giving me a headache. Haha, thanks for the huge favor.
:;(Obtain [[Purchased Goods (Version 3)]], [[Faded Red Satin]] ×3, [[Trimmed Red Silk]] ×3)

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo nllq001 10 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' There's still one more store. Are you alright holding onto that much stuff?
:{{A|vo nllq001 10 nilou 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo nllq001 10 nilou 02b.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Paimon, why don't you lend a hand? {{MC|m=He|f=She}} must be tired.
:{{A|vo nllq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I&mdash;If Paimon were to refuse...
:{{A|vo nllq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Would you then think less of Paimon than even a Sumpter Beast?

;(Talk to Afshin again)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 afshin 01.ogg}} '''Afshin:''' Thanks for the huge favor. *sigh* The most important thing about doing business is efficiently circulating merchandise...
----
;(Talk to Hushang or Farhad)
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 01.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' About time, Nilou! Farhad here was snooping around your props!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 01.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Please, I was only looking at them to get a better idea of what your new show may be about.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 02.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Wouldn't spoiling yourself just ruin all the fun?
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah, please wait for our official performance!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 03.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Hmm, these two look familiar. I think I've seen them before...
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 04b.ogg}}--> '''Hushang:''' Weren't they at the Sabzeruz Festival?
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 02b.ogg}}--> '''Nilou:''' Yeah, and they're coming to today's celebration, too.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 05.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' The more folks the merrier! I was actually just talking to Farhad about also stopping by tonight.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Oh yes, please do! I'm sure Ms. Rekhar and Miss Najia would also love to have a chat with the two of you.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 06.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' We even prepared a small gift &mdash; let me show it to you. Ta-da, it's a flower wreath!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 07.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' I really think we should wear some of these to give the event a more celebratory feel.
:;(Hushang and Farhad wear a flower wreath on their head)
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Wow, it's beautiful! Did you make it?
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 08.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Farhad did most of the work. What a surprise, eh? He actually knows a lot about crafts.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That is pretty surprising...
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 02.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Hey, why can't I have a little side hobby? I worked really hard on that!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 09.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' I know, I know, I watched you make it. I wasn't making fun of you.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 10.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Alright, why don't you also try some on? We've got some wreaths in your size.
:;(Nilou and Traveler wear a flower wreath on their head)
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It fits perfectly.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're so pretty! Is there one that Paimon can wear?
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 03.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Unfortunately, we already gave out all the child-sized ones. I wasn't expecting the theater to invite such a fascinating guest.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Fascinating"...? That sounds kinda weird, but Paimon will let it slide.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 04.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Oh, you all sure got a lot of stuff there. Let me help you carry some.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 05.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' I'm a porter by trade, so this is what I'm best at.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That'd be great! Please and thank you!
:{{DIcon}} Weren't you going to help out?
:{{DIcon}} After all the free food and materials...
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we have a pro now...
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Thanks for the help, Mr. Farhad, but let me make one thing clear first: Don't try to ask about what's in the new show.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Otherwise, I may not be able to hold back Mr. Zubayr this time.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 hushang 11.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Hahaha, you're so obvious that even Nilou saw right through you!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 06.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Shut it!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 07.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Fine! It's not like I want to get on his bad side, either.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 farhad 08.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Including Hushang's things, though, we'll each need to carry a box if we want to move everything in one trip. Even my strength has its limits.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Paimon looks like she doesn't want to, so I'll carry a little extra. Hehe, although I may not appear super strong at first glance, I actually do a lot of strength training on the regular.
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Strength and balance are both really important for a dancer!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, let Paimon! Paimon will help carry things!
:{{A|vo nllq001 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Traveler's right. Paimon shouldn't freeload...
:;(Obtain [[Purchased Goods (Version 4)]])

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo nllq001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *pant* *pant*
:{{A|vo nllq001 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't fly anymore...!
:{{A|vo nllq001 13 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Are you okay, Paimon?
:{{A|vo nllq001 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's good to keep going! But Paimon now understands when people say there's no such thing as a free lunch!

;(Talk to Hushang again)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 hushang 01.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' I still have some stuff to sort through. Catch you later.
----
;(Approach the stage)
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 farhad 01.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Phew, that sure was a lot of stuff. Looking forward to the event later!
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Thank you, Mr. Farhad.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank you, Sumpter Man...
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Paimon.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Paimon's definitely going to eat it all back later!
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 farhad 02.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' Alright, I'll leave you all to it.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' See ya.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Good thing we had Mr. Farhad with us, or else that would've taken way longer.
:{{DIcon}} The atmosphere here is so nice...
:{{DIcon}} Is everyone always this friendly?
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Of course, because everyone's working here together.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' We're all like neighbors, so we're always helping each other out. It's easy to forget that everyone's running a business.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' With this many freebies being thrown at you, you probably don't need to work...
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe, I felt so guilty at first, like I always owed someone something. I was always thinking of ways to repay others.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Later on, I realized that it's actually like what Mr. Afshin said &mdash; by taking the freebies, I was helping everyone out and saving them money.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' When you order the wrong item or make too much of something, sometimes the best way to maximize the value of those goods is to give them away.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' That's why there's no need to stress over the freebies. All of us repay others by helping them when they need it.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that actually makes a lot of sense!
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' This has become our norm, and no one keeps track of the back and forth anymore.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' So really, don't worry about it.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alright, I have to bring all of this to Mr. Zubayr and do a little bit of prep.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Feel free to hang out here for a bit. It'd be nice if you could also get to know some other people at the theater!
:{{DIcon}} You sure you don't need any help?
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 14.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Nope. Mr. Zubayr's really on top of everything.
:{{A|vo nllq001 14 nilou 15.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You two are our guests, so please just relax and look forward to the celebration.

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo nllq001 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, the atmosphere here is so nice...
:{{A|vo nllq001 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a break, and immerse ourselves in this warmth!
----
;(Talk to Inayah)
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello!
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' W&mdash;Wha!?
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 inayah 02.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Who are you? You can't just go on the stage as you please.
:{{DIcon}} Relax.
:{{DIcon}} We're here with Nilou.
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 inayah 03.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Ah, I see... Sorry for my overreaction.
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 inayah 04.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I'm just, uh... making a prop. No time for chit-chat.
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that embroidery?
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 inayah 05.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' No... Well, yes, but not really. It's a prop.
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 inayah 06.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' It's just, uhh, some fabric. An ordinary piece of fabric that will be used in a show.
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 inayah 07.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Sorry, I really do need to focus and start working on it.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry to bother you.
:{{DIcon}} We won't disturb you, then.
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What an oddball. Is prop-making something to be that jumpy about?
:{{A|vo nllq001 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh well, it's none of our business.

;(Talk to Inayah again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Sorry, I need to focus.

;(Talk to Khasani)
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there!
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 01.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Hm... Ah, a newcomer.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 02.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Doesn't look too bright.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Talk about judging a book by its cover!
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 03.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' You, on the other hand... Hmm, you're a special one.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 04.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' How would you describe the concept of "art"?
:{{DIcon}} "Art"?
:{{DIcon}} Why are you asking that all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 05.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Mere curiosity, is all. It makes no difference whether you answer or not.
:{{DIcon}} It is a tangible manifestation of human sentiments?
:{{DIcon}} It is an expression of our aesthetic ideals?
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 06.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' So that's what you think, huh...
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 07.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Unremarkable. Better than an average person's thoughts, but nothing exceptional.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 08.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Is art a product that we create and bring forth, or is it a naturally existing resource?
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 09.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I, for one, believe it to be the latter.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, Paimon doesn't follow...
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 10.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I've been staying here for a long time. On occasion, I'd assist them in penning lines of dialogue, but most of my time, I just stand back and watch.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 11.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' I prefer to abstain from writing, as it spoils the viewing experience.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 12.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' The existence of the theater, of Nilou, and of humanity itself... All of these can be considered as forms of art. It is not some intangible construct beyond the horizon.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How does that have anything to do with us?
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 13.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Let me ask you this: What do you think is the meaning of art?
:{{DIcon}} I dunno.
:{{DIcon}} To serve as an answer to your questions?
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 14.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Haha, I suppose that question was a little too difficult for you.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 15.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' To chance upon a spark of inspiration, I have been closely observing you, the players on the stage, and those watching in the audience.
:{{A|vo nllq001 18 qasani 16.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Art is already all around us.

;(Talk to Khasani again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 qasani 01.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Unparalleled splendor without peer...
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 qasani 02.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Maybe even worthy of being considered one of Sumeru's greatest treasures.

;(Talk to Rekhar)
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 01.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Hey there. I saw you two helping Nilou move some stuff.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 02.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Are you two also here for the celebration event?
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You got it!
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 03.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' My name is Rekhar. Najia and I are this theater's prop engineers. I also help out with some other tasks, like housekeeping.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 04.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' The little ones causing a ruckus are my children, Sohrin and Abhi. I hope they aren't bothering you.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 05.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' They always get really excited every time we hold a celebration event.
:{{DIcon}} They're adorable.
:{{DIcon}} They're so lively.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 06.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Yes, they are. Everyone here takes great care of them.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 07.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' There's good work here, the pay's always on time, and Nilou and the others will often volunteer to play with the kids...
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 08.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' I'm quite content with this current way of life.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, do you mean your life wasn't nearly as good before?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 09.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' It's alright, it's all water under the bridge now.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 10.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' My husband and I were both adventurers, but he passed away from an accident.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 11.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Material struggles can always be overcome, but ever since then, I haven't been able to spend much of my energy on anything else...
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 12.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' But I still consider myself lucky. Mr. Zubayr has helped me a lot, and the atmosphere here is tolerant and kind.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry for bringing up such sad memories...
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 13.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Oh, it's alright, I don't mind.
:{{A|vo nllq001 16 rikard 14.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Once the event starts, you'll be able to see for yourself the kind of atmosphere I was talking about.

;(Talk to Rekhar again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 rikard 01.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' There's still some time until the event. Feel free to look around.

;(Talk to Sohrin and Abbi, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 sorin 01.ogg}} '''Sohrin:''' I just saw Miss Nilou come back with Tahchin! There's gonna be Tahchin!
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 abe 01.ogg}} '''Abhi:''' Are you sure?
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 sorin 02.ogg}} '''Sohrin:''' Duh! And even if I didn't see it, I smelled it! It's gotta be Tahchin!

;(Talk to Kourosh, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 kourosh 01.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' It's finally over! I'm saved!
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 kourosh 02.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' Oh, sorry, I was just letting off some steam because I'm so relieved... Please don't tell Mr. Zubayr.

;(Talk to Najia, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 negar 01.ogg}} '''Najia:''' Prop check complete. All that's left is to discuss some dates with Rekhar...
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 negar 02.ogg}} '''Najia:''' Oh yeah, Farhad is coming... Maybe I should hide the key props...
----
;(After talking to all three members)
:{{A|vo nllq001 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, Nilou's back!
:{{A|vo nllq001 22 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's meet up with her. The event's probably about to start!

;(Talk to Nilou or Sheikh Zubayr)
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Sorry for the wait! Preparations for the celebration are finally done.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'll call everyone over, and then we can start.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let us give you a hand!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hee-hee, thank you.

:'''Everyone gathers together, and the event finally starts. Participants prepare to exchange their presents.'''

:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we really should have prepared a gift. Then we could also be a part of the exchange!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As it is, all we can do is wait and watch...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 01.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Umm... Maybe we shouldn't do this after all?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 02.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I didn't do that great of a job, and who would even like it?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Don't think like that! Remember our promise? We're going to give everyone a pleasant surprise.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' And besides, you've never attended a celebration event before, so this will be a great opportunity. Everyone will love you!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 03.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I'm still... not really sure about this...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' There's nothing to be worried about! Just take a step forward, and give yourself a chance.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' There aren't any scary people here, right?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 04.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Right...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hmm, alright, maybe this will help.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Everyone, over here! Inayah has something great to tell you all!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 05.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' W&mdash;Wait, wait!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 06.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' I've already said that I'm not ready yet... Agh, what should I say...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Take it easy and relax. Deep breath, in and out. Once you've taken a long exhale, calmly tell everyone what you want to say.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If you don't say anything, then all the hard work we've put into embroidery practice would have gone to waste.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 07.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Using it as a gift, though? It really isn't that good...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So when Inayah was talking about making a prop, she was actually preparing a present.
:{{DIcon}} She looks really nervous.
:{{DIcon}} She's not very good at expressing herself.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it feels like she still doesn't really see herself as part of this community.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it looks like Nilou's trying to ease her through.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Actually, Inayah had prepared a special present for everyone before this celebration kicked off.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sorin 01.ogg}} '''Sohrin:''' Woohoo!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 abe 01.ogg}} '''Abhi:''' We're gonna get our first present from Miss Inayah!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 01.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Pipe down. The louder you all are, the more nervous she'll become.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 02.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' You've worked on it for so long, so have some confidence. Don't be afraid.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've got this!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 08.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' ...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 01.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' Is Mr. Zubayr here?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 02.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' Sheikh Zubayr, this is an urgent notice from the Akademiya. This celebration &mdash; or whatever it is &mdash; must stop at once.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a condescending guy... What's his deal?

:'''Everyone follows Sheikh Zubayr to the space below the theater.'''

:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 03.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' Since Zubayr Theater has long violated the Akademiya's policies and orders, we have decided to demolish it.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 04.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' As its manager, you must halt all operations and dismiss all staff members within thirty days, after which you will report to the Akademiya for further punishment.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Why...? Why force us to do this all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 05.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' Little girl, this is not the first time you've been issued a warning.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 03.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' I didn't hear anything about demolition the last time I asked, and now I suddenly only have thirty days?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 04.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' We have more shows planned, but it's impossible to do anything in just thirty days. How am I supposed to explain this to my customers and staff?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 06.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' That issue is of no concern to me, Mr. Zubayr.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 07.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' You seem to understand the situation quite clearly. Perhaps you can reflect on the reasons why you have failed to prepare for the scenario in advance.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Demolition? Why do they wanna demolish this place?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 14.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' The Akademiya has never liked us, and they've never respected our work. To them, what we do is all a waste of time.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 15.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' This isn't the first time they've come by. They had asked us several times in the past to improve the quality of our performances by only putting on shows they consider to be sufficiently intellectual.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 16.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But our audience isn't the Akademiya &mdash; it's the people of the Grand Bazaar.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 17.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If our shows are too difficult to understand or too removed from everyday life, nobody would watch them anymore...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 18.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Changing our content would not only mean turning our backs on our vision, it would also directly lead to the loss of our livelihoods.
:{{DIcon}} If the theater actually gets demolished...
:{{DIcon}} Many people would become displaced.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 19.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah... The theater is very important to each and every one of us.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The way they're doing things is so scummy!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 nilou 20.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But... I also don't know how we can stop them.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 08.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' I do not wish to explain everything again from the beginning. Time is of the essence, so you should act with haste instead of asking frivolous questions.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 05.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' But none of us plan to accept this. Such an abrupt notice is contrary to established policy.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 09.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' Ask whomever you will &mdash; the answer will remain the same. We have already given you sufficient notice.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 09.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Enough.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 10.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Does your audacity know no limits, Father!?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Father? They're family!?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 11.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' What Akademiya? This is all because you don't like Zubayr Theater. You're just using the Akademiya's name to threaten us!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 12.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Let me tell you: Even if you manage to tear down this place, nothing is going to change.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 13.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' You've always been awful, but even I never thought my father would sink this low!
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 10.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' This is strictly business. It has nothing to do with where you are, what you do...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 11.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' ...Or what you think.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 12.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' I hope you all have not been irrevocably blinded by folly. I will not waste more time on pointless arguments.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sharif 13.ogg}} '''Sharif:''' Wrap everything up and make preparations to shut down at once.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 14.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' ...
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 inayah 15.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Why is he always like that!?
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 06.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' This is quite the misfortune, but there's nothing we can do.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 07.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' That's it for today, everyone. Let's clean up.
:{{A|vo nllq001 26 sheikhzubayr 08.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' I'll go talk to them again tomorrow. *sigh* The storms that come out of the blue are always the hardest to deal with.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The celebration was interrupted by a scholar from the Akademiya. In the face of this emergency, you'd better discuss it with Nilou first.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sohrin, Ahbi, and Rekhar, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 sorin 03.ogg}} '''Sohrin:''' Is this place gonna get torn down?
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 abe 02.ogg}} '''Abhi:''' Nooo, I don't want that to happen...
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 rikard 02.ogg}} '''Rekhar:''' Shh, don't cry... That man was just trying to scare us.

;(Talk to Sheikh Zubayr, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 sheikhzubayr 01.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Hmph, they get more and more unreasonable with each passing day.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 sheikhzubayr 02.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' I have to think of something...

;(Talk to Inayah, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 inayah 02.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Sorry, my father is always like that.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 inayah 03.ogg}} '''Inayah:''' Ugh...

;(Talk to Khasani, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 qasani 03.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' The carefree warmth of summer will always give way to the bleak futility of winter.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 qasani 04.ogg}} '''Khasani:''' Man is even more fickle than the seasons.

;(Talk to Kourosh and Najia, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 kourosh 03.ogg}} '''Kourosh:''' Why couldn't he just have a good faith discussion with us? There's always room for compromise.
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 negar 03.ogg}} '''Najia:''' Well, if there really was, then we wouldn't be in this predicament.

;(Talk to Farhad and Hushang, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 farhad 01.ogg}} '''Farhad:''' This just came out of nowhere. What'll happen next?
:{{A|vo dialog nllq001 hushang 02.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Beats me. Everyone else must also be at a loss.

;(Talk to Nilou)
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Sorry, I invited you thinking this was going to be a happy occasion. I didn't know that things would turn out like this...
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no need to apologize, Nilou! No one could've seen this coming. *sigh* Paimon just wishes she could've at least gotten to the food...
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is what that guy said true? The Akademiya has already given you many warnings?
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah, I guess you could say that. They've always seen us as being meaningless.
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Knowledge is king in Sumeru, and their pursuit of it leaves no room for the arts.
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But if that's all it is, there's also no reason to go so far as to demolish the theater.
:{{DIcon}} So it really has something to do with Inayah.
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' After Inayah ran away from home, I brought her here, to Zubayr Theater.
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' She rarely talks about her family. All I know is that she didn't get along with them.
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I never expected it to blow up like this...
:{{A|vo nllq001 33 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you did nothing wrong, then there's no reason to listen to the Akademiya, right?
;(If the player has completed ''Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies'')
::{{DIcon}} I can ask Nahida to lend a hand.
::{{A|vo nllq001 34 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Nahida... Ah!? You mean, Lesser Lord Kusanali!?
::{{A|vo nllq001 34 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She'd probably help if she knew what was going on. No matter how nasty the Akademiya could get, surely they can't win against Lesser Lord Kusanali!
::{{A|vo nllq001 34 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Nononono, I wasn't doubting her ability... I just feel like we shouldn't bother her with such a trivial problem.
::{{A|vo nllq001 34 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Plus, if the Dendro Archon were to intervene... Then, it wouldn't feel like our victory was earned.
::{{A|vo nllq001 34 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true...
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who cares, let's just take them in a fight!
:{{DIcon}} That won't solve the underlying problem.
:{{DIcon}} We won't always be here.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true...
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'll try to think of something. We can't just let everyone suffer in a perpetual state of fear and uncertainty.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' What to do, what to do...
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you pretend to shut down, but secretly continue to hold your shows somewhere else?
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Or we could go through a list of customers, and try to see if anyone in there might be willing to help out... Ugh, that also doesn't sound like it'll work.
:{{DIcon}} I think a scholar once told me that...
:{{DIcon}} Differences can be settled through a debate.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' A debate? Hmm... Well, scholars do love to use them to solve their problems, but... how would that work in this case?
:{{DIcon}} We just need to prove...
:{{DIcon}} That the theater's existence has value.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, if we can prove to Inayah's father that the Akademiya's position doesn't hold water, then they won't have a reason to demolish the theater!
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I see. Defeating him in a debate...
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It's a good idea, but which one of us could hope to win against a researcher...?
:;(The Traveler and Paimon look at Nilou expectantly)
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Huh? Me?
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Nonono, I'm the literal worst at arguments.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I can't debate...
:{{DIcon}} Debates aren't arguments.
:{{DIcon}} You debate to prove that you are right.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nilou, you are only so stressed out right now because you care so much about protecting the theater!
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I...
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' This theater holds a special meaning in all of our hearts &mdash; it's irreplaceable.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But I just don't know... Can I really take on such a huge responsibility?
:{{DIcon}} You'll be fine as long as you prepare.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do my best to help.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon will help, too! You'll feel a lot more confident after doing some prep work. Believe in yourself!
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Thanks, you two.
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Alright, I've decided!
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 14.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Even though I may fail, I'll do my very best for everyone's sake!
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's our Nilou! We're rooting for you!
:{{A|vo nllq001 35 nilou 15.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Okay, let's head back and tell everyone what we came up with.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Warm Rhythm of the Streets
|zhs     = 街头巷尾的温暖韵律
|zhs_rm  = Jiētóuxiàngwěi de Wēnnuǎn Yùnlǜ
|zht     = 街頭巷尾的溫暖韻律
|zht_rm  = Jiētóuxiàngwěi de Wēnnuǎn Yùnlǜ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 町を包む温かき韻律
|ja_rm   = Machi wo Tsutsumu Atatakaki Inritsu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Warm Rhythm That Envelops the Streets
|ko      = 거리에 흐르는 다정한 멜로디
|ko_rm   = Geori-e Heureuneun Dajeonghan Mellodi
|ko_tl   = Warmhearted Melodies Flowing in the Streets
|es      = La calidez de los ritmos callejeros
|es_tl   = The Warmth of the Street Rhythms
|fr      = L'animation des rues
|fr_tl   = The Liveliness of the Streets
|ru      = Тёплый ритм улиц
|ru_tl   = The Warm Rhythm of the Streets
|th      = สัมผัสอันอบอุ่นตามถนนและตรอกซอกซอย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giai Điệu Ấm Áp Khắp Muôn Nơi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der lebendige und gemütliche Rythmus der Straßen
|de_tl   = The Lively and Cozy Rhythm of the Streets
|id      = Melodi Hangat di Lorong Jalan
|id_tl   = Warm Melody in the Hallway
|pt      = O Ritmo Quente das Ruas
|pt_tl   = The Hot Rhythm of the Streets
|tr      = Sokaklardaki Sıcacık Melodi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'accogliente melodia delle strade
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}