{{Act Infobox
|image          = Summertime Odyssey Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Summertime Odyssey
|actNum         = V
|actType        = None
|prev           = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|next           = Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie
}}
'''The Ancient Azure Stars''' is the fifth act of the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Quests==
* [[The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 1)]]
* [[The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 2)]]
* [[The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 3)]]

==Summary==
The next day, Mona tells everyone to gather and reveals that her own mirage has formed. They head to [[Minacious Isle/2.8|Minacious Isle]], where they discover a pool that leads to the mirage. They begin to explore the domain and find a chest containing a star. While following the star, the group hears a monologue from Mona conjured by the mirage. The voice recounts Mona's misery when she first began practicing divination; she performed divination for many people, but faced harsh disappointment from those who could not handle the truth of what she found. The rest of the group try to comfort Mona, but she ensures them that such feelings are all in the past. The group leaves through a door, but they are not sent back to where they started. Xinyan discovers another pool but they can't enter it. Paimon notices that there is an image of a location in the pool. When they head to the location, they find a [[Asterism Shard|shard]] and use it to access the pool.

The group returns to the mirage and finds another chest with a star inside. As before, they follow the star and hear another monologue from Mona, this time detailing a divination she had performed for an adventurer three years ago. To her shock, Mona divined that the adventurer would meet his end within the next two years unless he gave up adventuring. However, the adventurer, despite accepting the results, refused to give up his profession. After leaving the domain, Mona professes that she has never forgotten that incident; since three years have passed, she is confident that the adventurer is no longer alive. She laments that astrology is a disdained profession precisely because it reveals the truth, which many people are unable to accept. Xinyan, Fischl, and Kazuha reassure Mona that they are glad to be her friends. The group then leave to find another shard.

They return to the mirage, once again finding a chest with a star in it. They follow the star to a door and arrive in Mona's house back in Mondstadt; there, everyone finds all of the expensive things in Mona's home, and realize that despite never having money, she actually just spends all of her income on astrology equipment. They find a strange ornament and touch it, which returns them to Mona's mirage, now in the form of in a beautiful, starry sky. Mona realizes that she does not need to force fate to change, for fate cannot be altered or reversed. Instead, she decides that instead of dwelling on her helplessness, she will seize her own destiny, and continue to guide people towards their futures. She then finally catches the star she has been following.

The group leave the mirage, returning to the Archipelago. Kazuha reveals to everyone that he and the Traveler had found a strange machine in a Fatui camp on their first day on the islands. He surmises that the machine affects people in different ways depending on their willpower; the Fatui, who lacked willpower, began hallucinating and fell into madness. However, Kazuha, Xinyan, Fischl, and Mona were able to construct stable mirages out of their hallucinations. They decide to check out the Fatui camp and investigate the machine.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Ancient Azure Stars
|zhs     = 亘古的苍星
|zhs_rm  = Gèngǔ de Cāngxīng
|zht     = 亙古的蒼星
|zht_rm  = Gèngǔ de Cāngxīng
|zh_tl   = Azure Stars Throughout Time
|zh_note = {{zh|s=亘古|t=亙古|rm=Gèngǔ}} is a literary term for things that went throughout time.
|ja      = いにしえの蒼星
|ja_rm   = Inishie No Sousei
|ja_tl   = Ancient's Azure Stars
|ko      = 태고의 푸른 별
|ko_rm   = Taego-ui Pureun Byeol
|ko_tl   = Ancient's Blue Star
|es      = Estrellas arcaicas
|es_tl   = Archaic Stars
|fr      = Les anciennes étoiles
|fr_tl   = The Ancient Stars
|ru      = Древние лазурные звёзды
|ru_tl   = The Ancient Azure Stars
|th      = ดาราบรรพกาล
|th_rm   = Dara Banphakan
|th_tl   = The Ancient Star
|vi      = Ánh Sao Lam Cổ Xưa
|vi_tl   = Ancient Blue Starlight
|de      = Die uralten azurblauen Sterne
|de_tl   = The Ancient Azur Blue Stars
|id      = Bintang Biru Kuno
|id_tl   = Ancient Blue Star
|pt      = Antigas Estrelas Azuis
|pt_tl   = Ancient Azure Stars
|tr      = Kadim Okyanus Yıldızları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le antiche stelle azzurre
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una travesía estival (V)]]
[[ja:いにしえの蒼星]]
[[pt-br:Antigas Estrelas Azuis]]