{{Act Infobox
|image          = Roses and Muskets Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Roses and Muskets
|actNum         = Afterword
|prev           = Where the Roses Bloom
|next           = 
|event_name     = Roses and Muskets
}}
'''The Two Musketeers' Triumph''' is the fifth and final part of the [[Roses and Muskets]] event.

==Quests==
* [[The Two Musketeers' Triumph (Quest)|The Two Musketeers' Triumph]]

==Summary==
;The Two Musketeers' Triumph

After the suspects' arrests, the results for the winner of the Fontinalia Film Festival are preparing to be announced. Xavier asks the Traveler to fetch Cheveruse, who was busy escorting the accused to the Fortress of Meropide herself. The Traveler heads to the [[Administrative Area]], where they find her talking to Wriothesley. She informs him about the three she would be bringing in; Wriothesley had not made any promises or guarantees regarding her "heads-up", though she also points out that he did not outright refuse her. Cheveruse, having sympathized with the siblings, asks Wriothesley to give everyone the latest copy of the Steambird when the case was revealed, which would make Baptiste and Veronique seen as heroes and Morris as the villain.

The three return to the venue just as the winner is announced; Xavier's "The Two Musketeers", who thanks his crew, the "Musketeer Pictures". Ayaka, having made a new friend in the form of Cheveruse, states that the city has exceeded her expectations. She then asks her if she would be willing to travel to her home nation of Inazuma, which Cheveruse accepts should she have the time. Chiori asks Ayato if he had accomplished everything he needed for the trip, which he confirms. She then asks about [[Ogura Textiles & Kimonos]], pleased to hear that [[Ogura Mio]] is still doing well and asks him to send her regards. Finally, she learns that the [[A Nation Closed by Thunder|thunderstorms]] surrounding Inazuma had gone, which Ayato confirms and that the islands are in peace and prosperity. Xavier then has Furina carry the Furina Award due to her invaluable assistance as a director, which she reluctantly does to avoid embarrassing herself.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Langauges==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Two Musketeers' Triumph
|zhs     = 两个铳枪手的凯旋
|zhs_rm  = Liǎngge Chòngqiāng-shǒu de Kǎixuán
|zht     = 兩個銃槍手的凱旋
|zht_rm  = Liǎngge Chòngqiāng-shǒu de Kǎixuán
|zh_tl   = The Two Musketeers' Triumphant Return
|ja      = 二銃士の凱旋
|ja_rm   = Nijuushi no Gaisen
|ja_tl   = The Two Musketeers' Triumphant Return
|ko      = 두 화승총 사수의 귀환
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El triunfo de «Las dos mosqueteras»
|es_tl   = The Triumph of "The Two Musketeers"
|fr      = Le triomphe des deux mousquetaires
|fr_tl   = The Two Musketeers' Triumph
|ru      = Триумф «Двух мушкетёров»
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สดุดีแด่ชัยชนะของสองทหารเสือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khúc Khải Hoàn Của Hai Người Lính Ngự Lâm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Triumphzug der zwei Musketiere
|de_tl   = The Two Musketeers' Triumphal Procession
|id      = Kemenangan Si Dua Masketir
|id_tl   = The Victory of the Two Musketeers
|pt      = O Triunfo dos Dois Mosqueteiros
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İki Silahşor'un Zaferi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il trionfo de Le due moschettiere
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:O Triunfo dos Dois Mosqueteiros]]