{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11041
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Princeps Cretaceus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Traveler Observation Report
|character     = Albedo
|startLocation = [[Snow-Covered Path]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|subarea       = Snow-Covered Path
|prev          = The Rumored Alchemist
|next          = The First Experiment: Elements
|exp           = 375
|mora          = 22,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Albedo; Paimon; Rosaria; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World''''' is the second part of [[Albedo]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Princeps Cretaceus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Traveler Observation Report]].

==Steps==
#Use your Elemental Sight to follow [[Albedo]]'s tracks
#Reach the place where Albedo is
#Defeat the startled hilichurls
#Speak with Albedo

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While searching for [[Albedo]], you encounter an odd-looking nun named [[Rosaria]]. She claims to know where Albedo is and expresses her willingness to show you the way.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use your Elemental Sight to follow Albedo's tracks.)
:{{A|vo abdlq002 1 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You know, little pixie, your ability to appear and disappear at will is very interesting...
:{{A|vo abdlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Yeah?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 1 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' After committing a crime, you'd be able to the leave the scene without a trace.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're so suspicious! Why is Paimon a criminal in your example?

;(Use your Elemental Sight to follow Albedo's tracks.)
:{{A|vo abdlq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Brrrr, It's getting colder and colder. Rosaria, aren't you freezing?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 1 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Me? I'm alright. I got used to operating in adverse conditions a long time ago.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah? ...Seems like there's more to being a sister in the Favonius Church than Paimon realized...

;(Reach the place where Albedo is)
:{{A|vo abdlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that Albedo? Why would he hang around a place like this?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 2 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' The word on the street is he loves painting. He'll hang around anywhere for a good landscape.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 2 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' The views and scenery here are pretty good, potential paintings everywhere you look.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... can't he see those hilichurls? Isn't he in danger?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek!

;(Defeat the startled hilichurls)
:{{A|vo abdlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, looks like we startled them.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Enough talk, let's take them out of the picture first!

;(Speak with Albedo)
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Who are you? Why did you alarm them?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank the gods I'd already completed my painting. Would've been a shame to leave these particular hilichurls unfinished.
:{{DIcon}} You were painting hilichurls?
:{{DIcon}} I thought you were painting a landscape.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's up with painting hilichurls? What makes them so interesting?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm, I'm afraid the answer isn't easy to explain. If you'd like to have a look at my painting, it may give you a clue.
:{{DIcon}} Uh...
:{{DIcon}} Very... avant-garde.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, look at the detail! But some of it seems to have been done in a hurry.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You can find these hilichurls anywhere, quite boring in fact, not worth closer inspection.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But take a look at this specimen. The build, the coat... And there's a distinct force at work here.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In the cyclical lives of such primitive communities, such unique attributes are an indication of evolution at work. Evolution, the transition from nothing into existence, from the known to the un&mdash;
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hold your horses. Ugh, something tells me we're in for a thesis, and I haven't got the stamina.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' We've found your man, I'm headed back.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? Don't you have any questions for him? Hey!
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, what a weirdo.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' So Sister Rosaria brought you? Surprising. And I didn't have time to thank her.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But back to the point. From her words, it seems that you were looking for me?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, we met a girl in Mondstadt, Sucrose! She said you were stuck with your research.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I see, so Sucrose sent you here.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Then, if I'm not mistaken, you must be the Honorary Knight. You've got the whole of Mondstadt talking.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I've heard a bit of everything: your actions during Stormterror's attack, your elemental control, and quite a few other mysterious things...
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'll skip to the conclusion, there's only one possibility after all. You came from afar &mdash; from another world. Correct?
:{{DIcon}} Correct.
:{{DIcon}} You are worthy of your scholarly reputation.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Excellent. If I could procure your assistance, I think my research would benefit enormously.
:{{DIcon}} Your research?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure I understand.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Ah &mdash; forgive me, this must be confusing. Where should I begin? Hmm... The essence of life?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa whoa, you want to start with that!?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm... You're right. Giving a demonstration would be better than trying to explain.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' For example, awakening life. Breathing new life into fallen leaves.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can do that!?
:{{DIcon}} Alchemy really is miraculous.
:{{DIcon}} Alchemy really is useful.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' However, I have a particular seed in my possession. The method I'm talking about has produced no results.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's like you, in that it hails from another world. Helping it to grow &mdash; to bloom... That's the problem my research is up against. That's where I'd need your assistance.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if you're struggling to figure it out, Paimon's not sure we're gonna be much assistance.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I beg to differ. I'm unable to comprehend the intricacies of life outside of the known world.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But you're not from the known world. By observing and researching you, I may just be able to find a way to get the seed to sprout.
:{{DIcon}} So I'm an... object of research?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Shall we just get outta here, (Traveler)? This sounds a little freaky.
:{{DIcon}} Is there any danger?
::{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 21a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's possible. But I will do everything in my control to ensure your safety.
:{{DIcon}} What's in it for me?
::{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 21b.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Mora, knowledge. And the answer to the question you are seeking. It happens to be an answer that I can provide. How does that sound?
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 albedo 22.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Time for a change of surroundings, we should be going. There's research to do!

;(Meanwhile, Rosaria is spying on you from somewhere nearby...)
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Albedo and that Traveler seem to have hit it off.
:{{A|vo abdlq002 4 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Takes a weirdo to know one I guess. I wonder... Does this constitute a risk to Mondstadt?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World
|zhs     = 天才学者与异世之种
|zhs_rm  = Tiāncái Xuézhe Yǔ Yìshì zhī Zhǒng
|zht     = 天才學者與異世之種
|zht_rm  = Tiāncái Xuézhe Yǔ Yìshì zhī Zhǒng
|zh_tl   = The Genius Scholar and the Seed of Another World
|ja      = 天才学者と異世界の種
|ja_rm   = Tensai Gakusha to Isekai no Tane
|ja_tl   = The Genius Scholar and the Seed of Another World
|ko      = 천재 학자와 다른 세계에서 온 씨앗
|ko_rm   = Cheonjae Hakja-wa Dareun Segye-eseo On Ssi'at
|ko_tl   = The Genius Scholar and the Seed from Another World
|es      = El genio de la investigación y la semilla de otro mundo
|es_tl   = The Genius of the Research and the Seed of Another World
|fr      = Érudit de génie et graine d'un autre monde
|fr_tl   = Genius Scholar and Seed of Another World
|ru      = Гениальный учёный и семя из другого мира
|ru_tl   = The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World
|th      = นักวิชาการอัจฉริยะและเมล็ดพันธุ์จากต่างโลก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Học Giả Thiên Tài và Hạt Giống Dị Thế
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der geniale Gelehrte und der Samen einer anderen Welt
|de_tl   = The Genius Scholar and the Seed of Another World
|id      = Pelajar Jenius dan Benih dari Dunia Lain
|id_tl   = Genius Scholar and Seed from Another World
|pt      = O Pesquisador Genial e a Semente de Outro Mundo
|pt_tl   = The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World
|tr      = Dahi Araştırmacı ve Başka Bir Dünyanın Tohumu
|tr_tl   = The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World
|it      = Il ricercatore geniale e il seme di un altro mondo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:El genio de la investigación y la semilla de otro mundo]]
[[tr:Dahi Araştırmacı ve Başka Bir Dünyanın Tohumu]]