{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19160
|image         = Hangout Event Thesis Defense Practice & The Remaining Problem.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = The Helper
|characters    = Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Remaining Problem''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the House of Daena to work on the thesis

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It feels like Layla has become a completely different person with everything under her control.}}

===The Remaining Problem===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon arriving to House of Daena)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, I should get started on those notes. If there's anything you're curious about, you may go ahead and ask now. I can answer you as I write! I'm used to multi-tasking.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, and I have to ask a favor. When you give the notes to her later, please don't tell her about my existence.
:{{DIcon}} Why's that?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, well, she's always been in a fragile state. If she knew that there was another "Layla" who's always taking care of everything...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She might feel like everything she's ever worked for is pointless, and that could lead to some demoralizing thoughts.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's a resilient girl, but no matter how resilient she may be, no one can hold up to criticism and torment from themselves.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If her condition grows any worse, it's possible that I might cease to exist as well. Then there wouldn't be anyone to help her.
:{{DIcon}} But she's not doing very well now, either.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's getting better, though, isn't she? It's apparent how hard she's working now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's my source of knowledge. I'm merely the representation of how she would be if she were rested and healthy.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I believe that she's one of the best, even in a place like the Akademiya, where geniuses come by the handful.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But growth is a process and shouldn't be rushed. I will always believe in and support her.
:{{DIcon}} It's good that she has you, or she might've already hit rock bottom.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hahaha, believe me, even if she were to end up at rock bottom, she'd find a way to somehow laugh it off as one of her silly mistakes and climb her way out.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's the kind of person she is.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright, I've written down all the possible questions that I think the advisers might ask. Next, I'll put together a few words of encouragement for her.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm not going to sign it, obviously. Oh, and don't forget about our agreement.
;(Obtain {{Item|"The Arrayed Stars Mirrored"}})
;(Proceed to [[#Ending: The Stars' Expectations|Ending: The Stars' Expectations]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: The Stars' Expectations===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Stars' Expectations
|character       = Layla
|act             = 1
|description     = They will never meet, but "she" will always walk alongside her.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Remaining Problem
|zhs     = 剩下的问题
|zhs_rm  = Shèngxià de Wèntí
|zht     = 剩下的問題
|zht_rm  = Shèngxià de Wèntí
|zh_tl   = The Remaining Problem
|ja      = 残りの問題
|ja_rm   = Nokori no Mondai
|ja_tl   = The Remaining Problem
|ko      = 남은 문제
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Problemas pendientes
|es_tl   = Pending Problems
|fr      = Le problème restant
|fr_tl   = The Remaining Problem
|ru      = Оставшаяся проблема
|ru_tl   = The Remaining Problem
|th      = ปัญหาที่หลงเหลือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vấn Đề Còn Lại...
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das verbleibende Problem
|de_tl   = The Remaining Problem
|id      = Masalah yang Tersisa
|id_tl   = The Remaining Problem
|pt      = O Problema Restante
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Geriye Kalan Sorun
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un ultimo problema
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}