{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40091
|image         = Event Quest The Currents of Life.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Akitsu Kimodameshi
|chapter       = <!-- Same name as event, don't need to be filled -->
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = III
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Arataki Itto; Gorou; Hanyuuda Chizuru; Hitomi (Inazuma); Hitotsume Kozou; Kaedehara Kazuha; Kamisato Ayaka; Kamisato Ayato; Kappa; Paimon; Sayu; Shikanoin Heizou; Thoma; Tomohiro; Traveler; Yae Miko; Yoshiharu; Youko
|startLocation = [[Chinju Forest]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Chinju Forest
|prev          = Haunted Tales
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Kimodameshi Vivaciousness*1;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Currents of Life''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Akitsu Kimodameshi]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following day
# Go to the site of the Test of Courage
# Go to where you first met the mysterious woman
# Look for clues in the area (0/2)
# Discuss what you just found with Heizou
# Investigate the little youkai's findings
# Follow the little youkai to the next investigation area
# Look for clues in the area (0/3)
# Listen to Heizou's analysis
# Look for anything unusual on the beach
# Enjoy the Mikawa Flower Festival
# Meet Hanyuuda Chizuru at the beach

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You thought it was all a misunderstanding caused by youkai, not expecting there to be a secret behind it all...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've been waiting quite a while, but the shrine maiden still hasn't shown up.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we'll just have to start the third round without her. Who will we team up with this time?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The third round of the Test of Courage is about to begin, but the Shrine Maiden in charge has gone missing. How can the competition go on?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the signboard)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, please let me be your partner for the final round of the Test of Courage.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'd like your assistance with this investigation, since you two are the only ones who have seen the alleged ghost.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's fine with Paimon. What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Fine by me. Do you have any ideas so far, Heizou?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I have a few theories, but we don't have enough leads yet.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' There are some places I'd like to investigate first, so you two can accompany me.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure! Where would you like to start?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I want to go back to where we first met up. According to your accounts, you encountered the ghost there and passed out.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I believe there may still be some clues there.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, do we really have to go there? What if we're walking into a trap?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Are you worried that she'll be waiting for us? If anything, that would make things easier.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' My worry is that we won't be able to find her. Honestly, it'd save me a lot of trouble if she were to show up on her own.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow Heizou, you're fearless...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 2 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The more cases you see, the less afraid you become. Let's go!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You teamed up with Heizou to investigate the truth behind the Test of Courage. You feel reassured with him at your side...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This should be approximately where you first encountered the ghost.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Of course, we cannot conclude whether the woman is actually a ghost or not at this point.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But I'd like to go over everything that happened again. Do you recall anything she said at the time?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, let Paimon think...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She warned us not to go near her, and she said if we didn't leave, our souls would become trapped here.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooooh, Paimon doesn't want to remember that moment... Paimon's shivering just thinking about it!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And then what happened?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then everything seemed to get darker and Paimon started to feel dizzy... There were ghostly flames flickering all around, and...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon saw some sort of black mist surrounding the ghost, and then... Paimon passed out.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hmm. Based on your account, it does really seem like you've seen a ghost.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly! So, are you convinced it was a ghost now?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's possible, but I'm more interested in what she's actually trying to achieve than what she is.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Even if she is a ghost, as long as she possesses some sense of reason, then there must be some purpose behind her actions.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wasn't she after our souls? She said that herself.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I think she was just trying to scare you.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? You think so?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Think about it: if I had the ability to take your souls, then why go to the trouble of warning you over and over again?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Besides, a ghost wouldn't have allowed you to walk away knowing about the secret of its powers.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, that does make sense. Huh, why didn't Paimon think of that?
:{{DIcon}} Because you were always too scared to think straight.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I believe there are only two possibilities. The first is that she wanted to reap your souls, but there was some condition that had to be met... You know, like what we usually call a curse.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But if you had really been cursed, then you would probably have noticed it by now.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, this is the less likely scenario. I believe she was just trying to scare you away.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would she want to scare us away...? Oh, Paimon knows!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe she was trying to get us to quit so she could claim the Test of Courage prizes!
:{{DIcon}} Was she registered as a contestant?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hmm probably not... So why does she want to scare us? Do you have any ideas, Heizou?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Based solely on your account, I don't believe she actually meant any harm. She just didn't want you to stay here.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But this evidence alone is insufficient to make any valid assumptions. She could very well be guarding some treasure or covering up a crime.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 3 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Though... My intuition is telling me that neither of these hypotheses are correct. Let's continue investigating the surrounding area.

;(Talk to Heizou again)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hmm...

;(Investigate the clue)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (There are some footprints visible on the ground.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (However, upon closer inspection, they seem to belong to Heizou and myself. Huh, could that woman really be a ghost...?)

;(Investigate the other clue)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I've looked all around, but I haven't found any clues.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Looking up, there are a few branches that have been bent slightly downward, as if something heavy had been hanging from them.)

;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Have you found any leads yet?
:{{DIcon}} I noticed some branches that seemed a little unusual.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, some tree branches seem like they were bent by something, but that's about it.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I see. After you left, I took a good look around the area.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Aside from the bent branches, there are burn marks in some places, but that doesn't really tell us much.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' If only there was some more conclusive evidence...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Excuse me, uh... sorry to interrupt.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's you guys! What are you all doing here?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 youko 01.ogg}} '''Youko:''' We heard you were out searching for clues, and we wanted to help.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's really brave of you!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 kappa 01.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' Uh, actually, we're also really unsure about what's happening here...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 kappa 02.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' We just asked the members of Mr. Itto's gang about what happened to them, and it sounded really scary.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 kappa 03.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' That lady is either a nasty evil spirit or a formidable youkai... Either way, it's not good.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 kappa 04.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' B&mdash;But we still want to hold the [[Mikawa Flower Festival]].
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 hitotsumekozou 02.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Uh-huh!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 youko 02.ogg}} '''Youko:''' We long admired the friendship between Lord [[Kamai Kenji|Kamai]] and the [[Yanagibashi Takuto|Samurai]].
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 youko 03.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Which is why we want to hold the Mikawa Flower Festival, to return the favor we once received from the humans.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 youko 04.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Even though our powers are limited, we don't want this bond of friendship to vanish. The Mikawa Flower Festival is meant to be enjoyable for everyone.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The Chinju Forest covers a large area, so it'd be great to have more help in the investigation.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Welcome to the team. Let's all do our best to figure out what's going on.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 7 hitotsumekozou 03.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Don't worry, we're very familiar with the area. We won't miss any clues!

;(Approach Youko, Kappa, and Hitotsume Kozou)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 kappa 01.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' *panting* ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 kappa 02.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' Look what I found down by the river...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Oh? What is it?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 youko 01.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Is it a scrap of black cloth? I've never seen fabric like this before.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ah, this is a piece of shade cloth.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shade cloth?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yeah. It can effectively block out light and is used in a variety of settings, including stage performances.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' There is a rough tear in the cloth, probably caused by a sharp stone or maybe some branches...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Branches...?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Suppose that a large shade cloth was originally hung from a tree, bending the branches.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' When the shade cloth was removed from the tree, perhaps one of the corners caught and the branches ripped it, causing a small piece of black cloth to fall into the river.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Either she didn't care, or she was in too great a hurry. Perhaps she had other things to handle at the time.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would she hang shade cloth in the trees?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm only speculating, but...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Maybe she used it to "create" the atmosphere you experienced.
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's not worry about that for now. There are still many variables I haven't deduced yet.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Next, I'd like to investigate the place where the [[Arataki Gang]] encountered her. Do you know how to get there?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 hitotsumekozou 02.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Oh, I know the way.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 hitotsumekozou 03.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' I asked the gang members where their encounter with the ghost happened when we were chatting earlier. I'll take you there!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Good, please lead the way.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 8 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's go find out what's going on.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 9 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' This is the place!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 9 hitotsumekozou 02.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' They claimed that as they passed through here, the area suddenly grew dark and some ghostly flames appeared out of nowhere...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what a coincidence...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We saw the very same thing.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 9 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's start by taking a look around the area, just as we did before.

;(Talk to Heizou again)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Aha...

;(Talk to Hitotsume Kozou)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 12 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' I found some sort of smashed ball under the tree.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 12 hitotsumekozou 02.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' The inside of it looks like it was blackened by smoke and it smells like fireworks.

;(Talk to Kappa)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 11 kappa 01.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' There's some strange powder in the cracks of these stones...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 11 kappa 02.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' I picked some up and sniffed it to see what it is, and it made me really dizzy... ugh, I'm so tired now...

;(Talk to Youko)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 13 youko 01.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Judging from the burn marks left on the scene, the ghostly flames you saw were not created by youkai power.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 13 youko 02.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Rather, they appear to have been caused by something flammable. I'm not sure what though...

;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hmm, similar scare tactics... and she didn't have the time to completely hide the traces...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I believe we're closing in on the truth now.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm almost certain that the woman you encountered was not a ghost.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' She possesses no extraordinary powers. She was merely scaring people with some small props she had set up ahead of time.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some small props? But can you really do all that with just some props? What we saw was absolutely terrifying.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' First and foremost, the Test of Courage contributed to the unsettling atmosphere here.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You were initially frightened by your first encounter with these three youkai, and then shortly after, you ran into the mysterious woman. It was natural for you to be on edge.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Because you were already tensed up, you were breathing more rapidly and inhaled a lot of sleeping powder that she had sprinkled around the area. That is what caused you to feel dizzy.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's when she pulled down the shade cloth and lit those so-called "ghostly flames," creating a terrifying scene... Hmm, that's the most likely explanation, anyway.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 youko 01.ogg}} '''Youko:''' So it was all just a show?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, she tricked us!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' There is, however, still one loose end. The person who commissioned my investigation did become stranded on the beach as a result of some unusual power.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That couldn't have been accomplished by just a few small props... But if she possesses such powers, why bother with the theatrics?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon can't wrap her head around all this.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' She can only use props to scare people in the forest, but she can use strange powers on the beach... I see. I think I've figured it out.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, that was fast!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' If we rule out the potential of organized crime, then only one possibility remains.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I know who the woman is. Let's go to the beach.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 youko 02.ogg}} '''Youko:''' We'll come along, too!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' No, you should go back and tell the others not to be afraid and not waste their time searching the forest.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The truth has surfaced. It's time to put an end to all the unnecessary panic and await the outcome of the Test of Courage.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Okay, but please be careful.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 hitotsumekozou 02.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' If you run into any danger, simply call out our names. We'll be able to hear you.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 14 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' There shouldn't be any danger now, but thank you anyway. Let's go.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 15 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's search along the cliffside. If I'm not mistaken, there should be a chunk of earth that's unlike the others...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|After the investigation, Heizou eventually made a conjecture. The next step is to look on the beach...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Investigate the marked area)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I knew it... I knew that you would come find me here.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There she is!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought you were a youkai like the others, but they said they'd never seen you before.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So who are you? And why did you try to scare us?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I've already warned you never to speak to me. If you don't leave now, then...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek! She's terrifying! Heizou, it sure doesn't seem like she's using any props this time!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Don't move! Just trust me.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Your youkai power won't scare us. It will only hasten your demise.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Youkai power?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Huh, how did you know?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You're a youkai that emerged from an object and assumed a human form outside of your own body...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' When this type of youkai is close to its own body, it can use some youkai power, but that ability weakens as it moves further away.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And if the original body is destroyed, then the youkai that originated from it will likewise perish.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Should I refer to you as a "Hagoita Spirit" or "Tsukumogami"?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 05.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' ...Don't bother. You may call me [[Hanyuuda Chizuru]], that is the name I go by now.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Chizuru... why do you want us to leave?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you're a youkai, you should understand why the other youkai want to interact with humans...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, we had a great time playing Akitsu Yuugei together, didn't we? Just like the story of Kamai and the samurai...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 06.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Yes... that's why...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 07.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' That's why I don't want you to be sad too...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sad? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 08.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I'm sure the youkai have already told you of the story about Kamai befriending the samurai.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 09.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But they don't actually know the entire story.
;(A cinematic plays)
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' The samurai was about twenty-five years old when they met at the festival
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' They met again ten years later
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' And remained friends
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' They spent time together drinking, traveling, and sparring...
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' When they had first met, they merely respected each other
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But ten years later, they became best friends
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' After another decade, the samurai had reached the pinnacle of his swordsmanship
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' And won their duel by a narrow margin
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Kamai was so astonished by his defeat
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' He gave up drinking and began training to become stronger for their next duel
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' However, another ten years later, Kamai did not meet the samurai
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' As it turned out, war had broken out in the South, and the samurai had gone to defend the border
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Kamai was unconcerned, because ten years was nothing
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' In a youkai's lifetime
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But when they met once again
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Kamai discovered that the samurai was already sixty-five years old
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' He couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the samurai's gray hair and scars covering his body
::'''Kamai Kenji:''' Hey, old friend. Can you still wield the sword?
::'''Yanagibashi Takuto:''' I'm getting too old to fight
::'''Yanagibashi Takuto:''' This time, I've come to say goodbye
::'''Kamai Kenji:''' I see
::'''Kamai Kenji:''' Then how about one last game of Akitsu Hazura (Haneasobi)?
::'''Yanagibashi Takuto:''' Alright
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' The samurai gave his best effort during the game
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But had to quit halfway through because he was too weak
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' After putting down his hagoita, Kamai remained silent for a long time
::'''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Before letting out a long sigh
::'''Kamai Kenji:''' *sigh* What a shame
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 10.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Their friendship started as something they looked forward to, and in just a few decades, it turned into regret.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 11.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Lord Kamai's appearance hadn't changed, but his dear friend in front of him had grown old. The joys of friendship gradually gave way to the pain of regret.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 12.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' People often say that those outside the situation can see things more clearly, and I learned a harsh truth after witnessing all of it. Everything that people come to regret is inevitably set in motion from the beginning...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 13.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' We youkai are different from humans, we have longer lifespans and different natures... But we share the same world, we interact with one another, we are drawn to one another, and will eventually part ways.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 14.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' When the dream ends, all that is left are sorrowful memories and lingering pain...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 15.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Even a wise and seasoned youkai like Kamai felt sadness when it was time to say goodbye. Imagine what a pure and kind little youkai would feel.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you mean...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 16.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I was hiding on this beach, waiting for the last of my days.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 17.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But those three youkai came and set up the Akitsu Yuugei here, which woke me from my slumber.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 18.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I didn't want them to approach humans with unbridled optimism and enthusiasm just because they'd heard the legend of Kamai and the samurai. That would simply be repeating the same mistake...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that why you pretended to be a ghost? To scare all the people away from here?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... so you must be the one who trapped that guy on the beach? That was a little bit harsh, don't you think?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 19.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' My power has become pretty weak now, and most of the time I just use some props I've collected to scare people. I can't show myself when there are a lot of people around.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 20.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But that jerk was greedy. He wanted to steal the decorations from Akitsu Yuugei and sell them for a profit.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 21.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' That's why I used my youkai power to teach him a lesson.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so that's what happened. You have a strong sense of justice.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, how did you know the rest of the story about Kamai and the samurai?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 22.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's okay if you don't want to tell us. I've already figured it out.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Your true form is this pair of hagoita, isn't it?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hagoita? Ah, wait, so that means she's...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The pair of hagoita used by Kamai and the human samurai to play Akitsu {{Rubi|Hazura|Haneasobi}} hundreds of years ago.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You gradually developed sentience after being influenced by great youkai power. You were the closest to witness their story.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Even with the youkai power's blessing, the hagoita have started to rot away after hundreds of years. You can't sustain yourself, so you were forced to rely on props to scare people.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And, if my theory is correct, this pair of hagoita is also the item we need to find for the third round of the Test of Courage...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Excellent work. You've figured it all out.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Congratulations, little ones. You've passed the third round of the Test of Courage.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko! And... the shrine maiden? Paimon thought you went missing.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 hitomi 01.ogg}} '''Shrine Maiden:''' I apologize for causing you concern. It was actually Lady Yae's idea...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Haha, well? What did you think? Were you scared?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Because fear is induced by uncertainty, the more chaotic the situation, the better. Having the event staff also mysteriously vanish only added to the uncertainty... I must say, I think this Test of Courage truly lived up to its name.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're the one responsible for all the scary stuff!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hitomi, go tell the others that the Test of Courage has ended and that we have a winner.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Now that I've solved the mystery, I'm going back to meet with my client. The "intent to steal" is not exactly a serious crime, but it can't go unpunished.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'll see you two later.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, did you choose the hagoita for the third round of the Test of Courage because you already knew about Chizuru?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 23.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' "Miko"... "Lady Yae"... You're...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I followed [[Kitsune Saiguu]] around the Mikawa Flower Festival one year and saw her play Akitsu {{Rubi|Hazura|Haneasobi}}.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That was when I saw you. You didn't have a human form at the time, and possessed only the earliest traces of sentience.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 24.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I remember now, you were on Kitsune Saiguu's shoulder...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I went for a stroll on the beach some time ago and sensed a familiar youkai power.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Though your power was weak, I was still able to find you. You were sitting in a tree, gazing at the tourists below.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I overheard you telling yourself that you must be patient and avoid contact with humans.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 25.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Huh, when was that? I didn't notice you at all.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' With your powers being so diminished, it was only natural that you didn't notice me.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You must have been blaming yourself all this time. You knew Kamai and the samurai became friends as a result of Akitsu {{Rubi|Hazura,|Haneasobi}} a game connected to your existence.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 26.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' At the time, I couldn't take on a human form like this. I had only a hazy sense of the outer world.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 27.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' After they first met at the Mikawa Flower Festival, I felt proud to know that I had left a mark on their story.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 28.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But after they said their final goodbyes, I could often hear Kamai sighing to himself. I couldn't help but hide, because I blamed myself. When I woke up again, the world had changed.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 29.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Lady Yae, you are a well-known youkai. You must know many more things than I do... so, I have a question for you...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 30.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' People meet, become friends, and then go their separate ways. After such a short time, they leave only regret and sadness in their wake.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 31.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Is it really worthwhile for us youkai to interact with humans?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Why not? Tell me, how did you feel when you played Akitsu Yuugei with {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 32.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I felt happy, but...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But your "rationality" told you that it was wrong, didn't it?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It turns out that there is still another piece to the story of Kamai and the samurai that you are missing.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 33.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' What do you mean? The samurai and Kamai never met again.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' True, but the story doesn't end there. That samurai's name was [[Yanagibashi Takuto]], who also happens to be the founder of the [[Martial Arts in Teyvat|Souran Isshin Art]].
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "It is believed that Takuto developed this style of swordsmanship while dueling with Kamai, who had also befriended the third-generation heir of the Souran Isshin Art, [[Tominaga Masanari]]."
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Five hundred years ago, Kamai and Tominaga fought side by side until their final moments, and the sword Tominaga wielded was passed down from Yanagibashi. The regret Kamai once felt had finally been resolved.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 34.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Oh... I never knew...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' We youkai are not like humans. Humans have too short a lifespan, and the day will inevitably come we when must say goodbye.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' However, the bond formed by friendship will not be broken, but rather, carried on in a new form.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' There's no reason to be upset by this. Time flies by in an instant, and life passes by like a dream. So, you must be happy in the present. You should understand what I mean now.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, compadres!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Itto! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha, [[Hitomi (Inazuma)|Hitomi]] told me everything... and I also heard that you won the last round!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I even know who the ghost lady is now. Anyway, I had a little discussion with the others and uhh...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, you're that fox lady! Why are you here?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, please just disregard my presence. Now, tell us what you discussed.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah right, ahem! Alright, listen up! To celebrate the end of the Test of Courage event, we will be holding the Mikawa Flower Festival.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I gave it some real thought, and realized that it might be kinda difficult for those little youkai to hold the festival on their own. But with my help, it won't be a problem!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's right, Arataki "The One and Oni" Itto, will be in charge of organizing the best Mikawa Flower Festival anyone's ever seen!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 together 01.ogg}} '''Youko & Kappa & Hitotsume Kozou:''' Hurray for Itto!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, can we really trust this guy with a festival?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, whatcha tryin' to say? Besides, it won't just be me! Other people will help too. Even my bro Ayato is gonna be there!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Everyone's busy getting ready, and the festival will be up and running in no time. It won't be long until you can all join the fun! Hahaha!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 together 02.ogg}} '''Youko & Kappa & Hitotsume Kozou:''' You're the best, Itto!
:{{Black Screen|Itto sets up the festival with the youkai and others...}}
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And what would a festival be without me? I'll be sure to go have a look, too.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, it has been some time since I've attended a festival... Fortunately, I brought sake with me.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's gotta admit, Itto does have his moments!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A festival, delicious food... Count Paimon in!
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to join us, Chizuru?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 35.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 16 chizuru 36.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Alright, I'll join... If you don't mind, that is...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like the festival has started! Let's go check it out!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|All the misunderstandings have finally been solved. It's time to celebrate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Hitotsume Kozou or Yoimiya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Aww no... I almost had it!
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Starting to get the hang of it, huh? Keep trying!

;(Talk to Kappa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 kappa 01.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' I think I need to take a break...

;(Talk to Thoma, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I sure bought a lot of stuff... I'll have to organize it all when I get back.

;(Talk to Youko, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 youko 01.ogg}} '''Youko:''' I want to become a great youkai, like the mighty Urakusai...
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 youko 02.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Then I'll be able to help create a real Mikawa Flower Festival.

;(Talk to Itto or Gorou)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Itto! And Gorou! What are you two talking about?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, I was just saying that if I had more time, I'd have built a massive fishing pond here!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Fishing... You know, when I lived on Watatsumi Island, I used to just dive into the sea and catch fish with my bare hands.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha! Take it from an expert, using your hands to catch fish is nowhere near as fun as using a fishing rod!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just the other day I caught a fish so big that I didn't even know how to handle it... I even wrote a letter to [[Yae Publishing House]] about it.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 01.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' That's an unusual problem to have...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? A big fish? How come you didn't tell us? Paimon could have helped you eat it!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Huh? You wrote a letter to Yae Publishing House?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You bet I did! I wrote to the "That's Life" column and asked [[Miss Hina]] for advice. She's so amazing, she got back to me really quickly, too!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Huh, what a coincidence. I do some part-time work there, and I recently received a similar letter.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You mean the letter was about dealing with a giant fish they caught? No... could it be...
:;(The Traveler and Paimon look very anxious)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Could it be that there's someone as good at fishing as I am? Not on my watch... Hey, you all go enjoy the festival, I'm gonna get out there and catch an even bigger fish!
:;(The Traveler and Paimon are relieved)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just you wait, I'll be inviting you all to my fish feast! Hahaha!
:;(At the nearby game)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Ah, the string snapped! I was so close!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 hitotsumekozou 02.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Yoimiya, this is more difficult than it looks. Can you really fish out these water balloons with a string?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't worry. Let me show you a little trick. Just remember that your hand has to be quick!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yo-yo Tsuri! Paimon's seen this game in some light novels before!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Do you want to give it a shot? Close one eye, aim carefully, and fish it out quickly!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it looks kinda tricky. Paimon will let {{Traveler}} try. You have to catch at least three water balloons since there's three of us.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 hitotsumekozou 03.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Uh, but Yoimiya, if I close one eye, I won't be able to see anything!
:;(In the nearby food stall)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Mmm, this ramen is so good...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, it feels like it's been ages since the last time I had some.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? You mean you don't get to eat ramen very often, Ayaka? But it's so delicious!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, it's you. We'll need two more bowls of ramen, please.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Food like ramen and hotpot tend to have a lot of oil and salt, so I don't get to eat them very often.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 02.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Oh, that's unfortunate.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, now Paimon totally gets why Ayaka would put cake into hotpot.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 03.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, uh... please, no need to bring that up again...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew, I'm stuffed... and feeling a little sleepy. I'm just gonna... take a nap...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' By the way, were there any special stalls at youkai festivals in the past?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 04.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Yes, but... Well, it's a long story.
:;(Time passes)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe you couldn't get a single water balloon. You've gotten rusty!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Chizuru managed to finally get one and gave it to Hitotsume Kozou...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 05.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' He looked like he really wanted it.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon wanted one, too!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 06.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Alright, then I'll catch one for you next time.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay!
:;(At the nearby mask stall)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' C'mon now, this is way more expensive than usual! Even if it is a festival, you shouldn't hike up the prices this much.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 tomohiro 01.ogg}} '''Tomohiro:''' Hey now, it costs money to run a stall! I need to raise my prices to help cover the expenses, you know.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Fair enough, how about five masks for 30% off? Final offer.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 tomohiro 02.ogg}} '''Tomohiro:''' Alright, alright...
:;(At the nearby bonfire)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 kappa 01.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' Ah, it's so hot. Feels like I'm being roasted here!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Don't get too close, it's better to keep a few steps back.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 kappa 02.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' I know... It's just so rare to see such a nice bonfire! I want to get as close as I can to enjoy it.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There are many beautiful things in the world, there's no need to be anxious. The festival has only just begun...
:;(At the nearby fruit stall)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I was surprised that you didn't even tell your sister. It seems she was quite frightened, too.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It would have been uninteresting had I told her what was going to happen ahead of time.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Besides, with her friends by her side, she wouldn't ever be too scared. Having a little fright is good to release any tension she might have accumulated lately.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, everything went according to plan. People started to panic as soon as they sensed that they had no idea what was happening. Ah, how amusing.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hehe... Yes, well done.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you two! Stop laughing! It was scary!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? Have you finished exploring the festival?
:{{DIcon}} Just about.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well then, are you having a good time?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! It's great!
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The original Mikawa Flower Festival was much more lively. But even if you could attend the original, you probably wouldn't be as happy as you are now.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Because it's always more fun to enjoy a festival with friends, isn't it?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 07.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' ...Yes. Thank you.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 07b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well then, I'm guessing you have something you want to say to {{MC|m=him|f=her}} alone? We'll leave you in peace.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? What did you want to say to us?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 08.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Ah, you saw through me again... I can't help but feel you somehow know everything.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's not that I "know everything." It's just that I've been in your position before.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 09.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 18 chizuru 10.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' {{Traveler}}, do you have a moment? I'd like to talk to you... alone on the beach.

;(Talk to Kamisato Ayato or Yae Miko, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Saying goodbye is also part of a festival.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...Yes, every celebration must come to an end.

;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Are you enjoying yourself? How about we go eat together?

;(Talk to Sayu or Kamisato Ayaka, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Zzz...
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' One bowl of ramen shouldn't hurt, right?...

;(Talk to Arataki Itto or Gorou, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Weird... Where did all the fish go?
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq003 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Don't worry. Let's go try another spot.

{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Chizuru has something to say to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 01.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Alright, here will do. Thank you for agreeing to come with me.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 02.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Actually, I was delighted when I first discovered that I could take on a human form.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 03.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I was a youkai derived from a pair of hagoita who came into being in the middle of a festival, so naturally I enjoyed the lively festival atmosphere.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 04.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I wanted to go to more festivals, become friends with humans, and play Akitsu Yuugei with them.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 05.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' But every evening as night began to set in, I'd recall the bitter smile of the old samurai as he set down the hagoita, and the lonely Kamai sighing as he drank his sake.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 06.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Then I would wonder... if I became friends with a human, would that person experience the same melancholy in the future?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 07.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' As a result, I was convinced that I couldn't do it. I told myself that I would not repeat that same mistake.
:{{DIcon}} I understand what you mean.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 08.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I'm sorry that I spoke so strangely when we first met... I'm sure it must have scared you.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 09.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I expected you to flee in terror, but when we met again, you acted like you had no trouble being around me.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 10.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' I knew you mistook me as one of the youkai, but instead of telling you the truth, I went and played Akitsu Yuugei with you...
:{{DIcon}} Why?
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 11.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Hmm... I'm not completely sure myself.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 12.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Perhaps it's because I've always wanted to be like Kamai and play Akitsu Yuugei with humans.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 13.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Or perhaps it was because I knew I didn't have much time left and I didn't want to be alone...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 14.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Anyway, thank you for taking the time to play with me.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 15.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' When we played Akitsu Yuugei, Paimon said the loser would have to grant the winner a wish.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 16.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' At the time, I wished for us to never cross paths again.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 17.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' However, you still came and found me, meaning you never granted my wish. So... can I make another wish?
:{{DIcon}} Of course.
:{{DIcon}} As long as I can fulfill it.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 18.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Let me think... I wish for you to remember me... Ah no, I only have one wish, so I'd better make it count.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 19.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' Okay, listen carefully. My wish is...
:;(Fireworks start to go off)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 27 chizuru 20.ogg}} '''Hanyuuda Chizuru:''' "I wish that every day of your journey ahead will be filled with joy like a festival."
:;(Chizuru disappears, leaving the Traveler standing alone by the shore)
:;(Quest ends)
{{Dialogue End}}
----
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Sayu, optional)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 36 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Zzz... I've grown taller... hehe...
:{{A|vo sdeq003 36 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'm so tall... Everyone else looks so tiny now... Zzz...

;(Talk to Yoimiya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Every year, when the fireworks go off, I say to myself, "Another year has already passed."
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' As each year passes by, your life gradually approaches its end.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But I don't think that's a bad thing. Like I always say, fireworks are for now, but friends are forever.

;(Talk to Yae Miko, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' When Ayato approached me about holding the Test of Courage event, it dawned on me that this would be the perfect opportunity to help Chizuru face her problem.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Kamai and the samurai's parting was one of the first things she experienced when she was partially sentient and didn't have her human form yet.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This was a very traumatic experience for her, and she could never come to grips with it by reasoning alone.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The best option was for her to directly interact with humans. There's no need to feel sad, I believe she was content when she left us.

;(Talk to Kamisato Ayato, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' So, did you enjoy the Test of Courage?
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Once I learned of the youkai's intentions to hold a festival, I wanted to spread the word and attract people to their event.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' However, it occurred to me that doing so might be overly ambitious. If we marketed the Mikawa Flower Festival from the get-go, people would have arrived with insatiably high expectations.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' So I decided on using the Test of Courage's notoriety to attract visitors and left the rest to the youkai.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I had an inkling that their presence would spice up the event, hehe...

;(Talk to Youko, optional)
:'''Youko:''' Will you be here for the next Mikawa Flower Festival?

;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah, after hearing Chizuru describe the original Mikawa Flower Festival, I wanted to arrange another chance to talk with her about it.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I didn't expect that would be our last conversation...

;(Talk to [[Yoshiharu]], optional)
:'''Yoshiharu:''' I'd be great if festivals like this are held everyday!

;(Talk to [[Hitomi (Inazuma)|Hitomi]], optional)
:'''Hitomi:''' I've been practicing for a really long time so that I'll actually scare people. I can finally take a break from that now...

;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha or Shikanoin Heizou, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Will you have some time in the next few days, Kazuha?
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'd like you to work on a case with me.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh? Did you run into some trouble?
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Not exactly. It's just an old case with almost no tangible leads.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But I believe your attuned sense of nature might allow us to discover some new clues.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Sure. I can stay after the festival and we can go investigate together.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Great, thank you!
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My pleasure. It's no trouble at all.

;(Talk to Kappa, optional)<!--no audio-->
:'''Kappa:''' I love playing with humans...

;(Talk to Arataki Itto, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Lifespans, partings... It really gets you thinking, doesn't it? ...But uh, I got nothing.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alls I know is that I'll never regret meeting you! Hahaha!

;(Talk to Gorou, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It was heartbreaking to learn of Chizuru's story.
:{{A|vo dialog sdeq004 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' To be honest, I experience that same kind of sorrow when I'm on the battlefield. I don't know when I'll lose my comrades, so I try to appreciate every moment.

;(Talk to Thoma, optional)
:{{A|vo sdeq003 35 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Even though I knew my lord had most likely planned everything before the Test of Courage even began, I was still caught off guard.
:{{A|vo sdeq003 35 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But, in retrospect, it was a lot of fun.

;(Talk to [[Tomohiro]], optional)<!--no audio-->
:'''Tomohiro:''' The sales are rapidly increasing today. We're almost running out of stock, haha!

;(Talk to Hitotsume Kozou, optional)<!--no audio-->
:'''Hitotsume Kozou:''' I'll always treasure this water balloon...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Currents of Life
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Shsh Lishu
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Shsh Lishu
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Seji wa Nagareru Mizu no Gotoshi
|ja_tl   = Worldly Matters Are Like Flowing Water
|ko      =    
|ko_tl   = Life Like Flowing Water
|es      = Torrentes mundanos
|es_tl   = Mundane Torrents
|fr      = Les courants de la vie
|fr_tl   = The Currents of Life
|ru      =  
|ru_tl   = The Current of Life
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyn i Thm Tri
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Strmungen des Lebens
|de_tl   = The Currents of Life
|id      = Arus Kehidupan
|id_tl   = The Currents of Life
|pt      = Correntes da Vida
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hayatn Ak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le Correnti della Vita
|it_tl   = The Currents of Life
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[pt-br:Correntes da Vida (Misso)]]
[[ru: ]]