{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14030
|image         = Story Quest The Truth of What Was.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Nereides Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = The Warmth of Lies
|character     = Sigewinne
|requirement   = 
|characters    = The Witch; Calcagni; Morgane; Neuvillette; Paimon; Sigewinne; Traveler; Wriothesley
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage
|prev          = Underground Crime
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*325;Primogem*60;Mora*22,000;Guide to Equity*5;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Truth of What Was''' is the fourth part of {{Quest|The Warmth of Lies}}.

==Steps==
# Take a look around the Court of Fontaine
# Go to the place you agreed upon with Sigewinne
# Talk to Sigewinne

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The many-layered mysterious case caused by cosmetics has now been fully solved, and after Sigewinne finishes helping the [[Marechaussee Phantom]] wind up the case, she prepares to tell you a story about the past...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the group)
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 calcagni 01.ogg}} '''Calcagni:''' The wait is over, everyone! The sale of our new skincare product, Romaritime Essence, will now begin!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another skincare promotion? And it's selling as fast as last time! Wonder what people would think if they knew what was in that last batch...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Sigewinne's here too!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Sigewinne!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, hello! I hope you two got a good rest yesterday after all your hard work?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! Nurse's orders, right? ...Anyway, are you here to take notes for your next article?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Actually, I'm mostly here to help [[Morgane|Officer Morgane]] wrap up yesterday's case.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, that reminds Paimon... That stuff sold like crazy, didn't it! Is it gonna cause huge problems?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Nope, there's nothing to worry about. Unless modified, Butterfly Dew is an excellent skincare product that's completely safe to use.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Besides, officers have already retrieved all Butterfly Dew purchased on the market. Now, it's just a matter of disposal.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' After consulting Monsieur Neuvillette, I came up with a way to neutralize any harmful effects, so it'll evaporate naturally without polluting the water or soil.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! It's Sigewinne to the rescue again!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Thank you for serving as our consultant, Head Nurse. All the Butterfly Dew we recovered has been disposed of according to your instructions.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Great. Good job, everyone.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Also, you mentioned you wanted a copy of [[Rawat]]'s interrogation records... Well, technically Potton's records... Anyway, I have them with me. Here.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' After he saw his mother for the last time, it was like all his mental defenses came crashing down. He put up no resistance during the interrogation, and answered all our questions. We learned a lot.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 04.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Apparently, the formula was something he discovered by chance while helping the criminal gang produce [[Sinthe]]. Later, he came up with the idea to dilute it and use the resulting substance as a skincare product.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 05.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Their supplier was [[Vacher]] &mdash; but you could also argue that they were the ones doing him a favor. His operation helped Vacher's gang dispose of an enormous amount of evidence.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 06.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' It made for a seamless collaboration. One man's trash was another man's treasure, and there were no loose ends. It's no wonder we never noticed what Potton's gang was up to.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Vacher again, huh... Is there still no end to the harm he caused?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 07.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Make no mistake, the crimes of Vacher and his accomplices will come to an end. It's only a matter of time.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 08.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Since the flood cut off their supply of [[Primordial Seawater]], they've been forced to resort to riskier methods &mdash; like using their private reserve to attack people on the street. Naturally, those attempts all ended in failure.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 09.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' After receiving numerous reports, we were able to zero in on the gang and eventually round them up.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds more like it!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 10.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Based on what he told us in his confession, we pretty much had him backed into a corner, even though he made a point of distancing himself from the gang while disguised as Rawat.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 11.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' He tried to throw us off his tail by reporting his accomplices, giving him enough time to transform back into Potton and see his mother one last time.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 12.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' But, there was one thing he hadn't anticipated... Even though "Potton" had been missing for a long time, we were very much still on the lookout for him. So the moment he appeared in public after changing back to his original appearance, we caught him.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So he tried this once before, huh? Guess he really did want his mother to see him again. But in the end...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' ...Looking at the interrogation records, it seems like he spent the first sum of money he earned as Rawat on his mother's treatment.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 13.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Yes, which is why I suspect that his initial motive for using the potion was not personal greed, but a desire to become somebody who had the power to save her.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 14.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Even so, he went too far. In the end, he got what he deserved.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I understand. Thank you for bringing me these records.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why did you want them, anyway?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Potton was one of my patients, so I need to put together a medical file for him. My teacher always stressed that a person's life experiences are just as important to their file as their medical history.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you still treating him like your patient? Isn't he kinda beyond redemption now?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 10.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That may be true, but a patient is a patient, regardless of the choices that bring them to my care.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 15.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Ah, one last thing, Head Nurse. Please keep everything you know about this potion a secret.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 16.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' It would be for the best if most of Fontaine knows nothing of its existence. I know my fellow officers and I will be able to sleep easier if that's the case.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 11.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Of course. Not to worry.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 morgane 17.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Thank you for understanding. I'll take my leave, then.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Sigewinne, did you really use that potion yourself?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 12.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Why do you sound so surprised, Paimon? I told you all about it. It was quite a while ago now.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... You mean that story about the witch and the potion? So it was really, actually, genuinely a true story?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 13.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Yes. It really, actually, genuinely was.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But...
:{{DIcon}} The process of making that potion...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 14.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I know. There are some secrets I can't tell anyone about. But considering everything we've been through together, I know I can trust you with them.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 sigewinne 15.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Before I tell you, though, could you follow me somewhere? I want to pay my respects to an old friend.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course!

;(Talk to Calcagni, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq001 calcagni 01.ogg}} '''Calcagni:''' Stocks are running low, so purchase soon to avoid disappointment!
----
;(Approach Neuvillette and Wriothesley)
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Neuvillette and Wriothesley! They're here too!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Good to see you, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. I trust all has been going well for you.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Big news, everyone: The Iudex is out of his office on important business.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hmm? Is that genuinely something people would consider "big news"?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Why wouldn't they? Important business is a big deal.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah... Yes, you're quite right. When someone you care about requires emotional support, being there for them at the right time and place is of the utmost importance.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' After reading the Marechaussee Phantom's reports, I had a feeling a trip here might be in order.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Take note &mdash; that, my friends, is how Monsieur Neuvillette shows that he cares. We're both here for the same purpose, actually &mdash; to accompany Sigewinne as she pays her respects to her late teacher.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the old friend she mentioned was her teacher then? The "witch"?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, sorry, sorry, Paimon didn't mean to be rude! It's only 'cause Sigewinne calls her that all the time, so...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I doubt she considers that title to be offensive, Paimon. Don't worry.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Indeed. In fact, I believe Sigewinne would take it as a sign of affection. She has spoken of this doctor on many occasions, and it sounds like she was a truly generous individual.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' In those days, many people harbored prejudices against Melusines. She was the only teacher willing to take Sigewinne on as a student.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it's really nice of you two to be here for Sigewinne! Guess you guys really look out for your younger colleagues, huh...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Younger colleague? That might be true for the Iudex, but I'm not sure I can say the same.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sigewinne served a sentence in the [[Fortress of Meropide]] hundreds of years ago, and after she did her time, she decided to stick around. She's been an integral part of our administration ever since.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Strictly speaking, the head nurse has been around longer than most people in the Fortress, myself included. Pretty sure that makes me the younger colleague.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She served a sentence?
:{{DIcon}} She committed a crime?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes. Long before I became Iudex, there was an ancient law in Fontaine that prohibited any attempt to transform another species into a human.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Initially, I and most researchers believed this law to have been imposed due to ethical concerns.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But now, it seems more likely that the law was nothing more than an insurance policy &mdash; a way for [[Egeria]] to ensure that her people would remain insulated from the truth, thus enabling them to lead more straightforward, happier lives.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ignorance is bliss, as they say.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Sigewinne had her reasons for choosing to obtain a human form, but the act was nonetheless in clear violation of the law.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could you tell us a bit more about what happened back then?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Certainly. Sigewinne does not object to her close friends learning about her history. In fact, I first learned of it myself because she confessed the truth to me of her own volition...
<!-- Flashback begins -->
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 01.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' Even with their daughter so ill, they kicked you out? Stubborn as always... and prejudice isn't a disease I can cure, either.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 02.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' *sigh* Shame that I don't have the energy to get over there. You're laughable, you old witch. You want to save everyone in Fontaine, but you can't even save the patient before you.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Master, what are you...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 03.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' I discovered a strange disease, one I suspect that every Fontainian suffers from. But without witnesses or proof, no one will believe me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 04.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' I had no choice but to experiment on myself to find a cure, but I hit a wall &mdash; and as you can see, it took a wretched toll on me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Then... I'll find a cure for you, and then you can go cure her!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 05.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' There's no need... I'm beyond saving now. There's nothing you can do.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But Master...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 06.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' As I said before, a doctor's duty is to treat whatever ailments they can.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I know... But, they don't trust me at all.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 07.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' *cough* That girl... She's your first ever patient, isn't she? ...Tell me, what cost are you willing to bear to see her cured?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'll do whatever it takes.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 08.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' Even if it means breaking the law and being punished for it?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' ...As long as I don't hurt anyone, yes.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 09.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' Haha. Spoken like a true student of mine.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 10.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' Then I shall make one more final gamble... and see my experiment through to its end. Leave me for now, and come back in two hours.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 11.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' If I am able to work this miracle, then I will have found a way to save all Fontainians, and I shall be able to help you treat that girl.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 12.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' If not... Then it means there is one more disease in this world that I cannot treat. In that case, do not come looking for me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 thewitch 13.ogg}} '''"The Witch":''' I will leave you a parting gift &mdash; an accidental discovery, happened upon through my study of this strange disease. It has little use, but it will at least help you cure this one patient you can reach.
<!-- Flashback ends -->
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' When Sigewinne returned, the miracle had not occurred.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' She found a potion bottle and a note on the table. After using the potion as instructed, she gained her current form, breaking Fontaine's law in the process.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And after I had confirmed the veracity of the events, I gave my verdict.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's what happened...
:{{DIcon}} Her teacher sacrificed herself.
:{{DIcon}} And left that potion behind.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I fear Sigewinne only understood the full story after the truth about the dissolution of Fontainians was uncovered.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' When I reflected on all this with that knowledge in hand, I felt a deep sense of regret... As I use the law to uphold justice, there are times when I cannot help but acknowledge its ruthlessness.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' After the final details of the events surrounding Sigewinne's transformation came to light, I checked several sources and, thankfully, the legal code does not require Sigewinne to shoulder any additional punishment.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, wonder how she feels about all this...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 2 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Since she invited you here, I imagine she intends to speak of these matters with you, no?

;(Talk to Neuvillette and Wriothesley, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' On behalf of the Marechaussee Phantom, I would like to once again thank the Fortress of Meropide for your assistance in the response to yesterday's prisonbreak.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Our Head Nurse and {{Traveler}} and Paimon did most of the heavy lifting, I would say.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Sigewinne seems to be in good spirits. I trust work hasn't been too hard on her lately?
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, she might be the only permanent medical staff in the Fortress, but there's plenty of people with medical knowledge willing to help her out.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I am most relieved to hear it.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Haha, the way you're asking after her wellbeing makes you sound like a concerned parent.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, well, I won't lie... I've always seen myself that way.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Showing your age a bit there, don't you think...
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Indeed. Actually, I often forget just how much older I am than you...
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, while we're on the topic... What did you do before getting this job, anyway? Spend all day swimming in the sea, from east to west, then south to north?
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes, and uh... from the surface to the ocean floor, on occasion.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Wow. Impressive.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...Apologies, that was merely an attempt at humor. You can disregard what I said.
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hah, that's impossible, I'm afraid. My imagination's already running wild.

;(Talk to Sigewinne)
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' You're here.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' The old friend I mentioned was my teacher. When she passed, her body was nowhere to be found. All that's left of her is an empty tomb, and even that's deep underwater now.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sigewinne... The witch who gave you the magic potion, she was your teacher, wasn't she?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ah, sounds like Monsieur Neuvillette filled you in.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After learning the truth... it must've been hard to process, huh?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Well... To be honest, after I realized what really happened that night, my first thought was that it kind of made sense. It seemed exactly like the sort of thing she would do.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, she was planning to sacrifice herself, and never told you!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That's just who she was. If lying is what it took to get a kid to take their medicine, then that's what she'd do.
:{{DIcon}} A truly great doctor.
:{{DIcon}} A truly odd doctor.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright... But, why did you turn yourself in?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I broke the law, simple as that. My teacher made her choice, and I made mine.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True, it's just... The way Potton framed it when he was asking you all those questions, it made Paimon really mad!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're not like him at all, and everything Neuvillette said confirms that...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And yet you were still convicted and thrown in prison... It just feels so unfair.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Unfair? I happen to think just the opposite. If I hadn't served that time, I'm not sure I would've been able to stay strong when he was questioning me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What makes you say that?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I knew you'd be curious. Let me tell you a story...
;(A cinematic plays)
:{{Cutscene Description|Sigewinne was convicted, and thus the Fortress of Meropide gained a tiny new doctor. The more patients she treated, the more her sentence was shortened, and she stayed within the Fortress until she had finally served her time. One day, she received an invitation from an elderly lady. It turns out that she was the young girl that Sigewinne had treated all those years ago. The woman told Sigewinne that she still remembers that it was Sigewinne who saved her back then, and that regardless of whether Sigewinne looked more human or Melusine, the warmth of her palms was ever the same.}}
::'''Sigewinne:''' The verdict came down: This Melusine is guilty
::'''Sigewinne:''' The Iudex defended the authority of Fontaine law
::'''Sigewinne:''' But he did not confiscate the Melusine's medical kit
::'''Sigewinne:''' And so, the Fortress of Meropide gained a new little doctor
::'''Sigewinne:''' She still wore her hood and raincoat
::'''Sigewinne:''' Even though it never rained in the Fortress
::'''Sigewinne:''' Perhaps thanks to her human appearance, no one refused her treatment
::'''Sigewinne:''' She treated more and more patients, and her sentence grew ever shorter
::'''Sigewinne:''' Finally, the people of the Fortress could not live without her
::'''Sigewinne:''' And though her sentence ended, she did not leave them either
::'''Sigewinne:''' Then one day, she received an invitation from the outside world
::'''Sigewinne:''' The location seemed familiar, and when she arrived, an old lady was waiting for her
::'''Sigewinne:''' She saw right through the Melusine's disguise, but didn't reveal it
::'''Sigewinne:''' Instead, she asked a question
::'''Old Woman:''' Tell me, why do you think you gained the respect of so many people
::'''Old Woman:''' Despite being a Melusine?
::'''Sigewinne:''' Because...I look like a human?
::'''Old Woman:''' It's been 50 years, Sigewinne
::'''Old Woman:''' And you haven't aged a day...
::'''Old Woman:''' I think everyone knows you are not human
::'''Old Woman:''' I've finally found you, after all these years
::'''Old Woman:''' I still remember, you know. It was you who saved me that night
::'''Sigewinne:''' But how? I was no longer a Melusine by then
::'''Old Woman:''' Does it really matter if you're human or Melusine?
::'''Old Woman:''' I remembered the warmth of your palm
::'''Old Woman:''' It's quite unmistakable
::'''Old Woman:''' And you know what? It hasn't changed one bit
::'''Old Woman:''' You don't have to hide anymore, Sigewinne
::'''Old Woman:''' These days, everyone wants to make friends with Melusines
::'''Old Woman:''' And I think it's all because of you
::'''Old Woman:''' I'm sorry I couldn't say this until now, but...
::'''Old Woman:''' Thank you, Doctor Melusine
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that's an ending Paimon can get behind!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' After hearing everything Potton said, I wanted to tell him that it didn't matter who he looked like on the outside... But it was too late &mdash; the warmth in his palm had already disappeared.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 10.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I tried to treat him, but... The roots of his problem had nothing to do with his face.
:{{DIcon}} No need to feel too bad for him.
:{{DIcon}} It does feel like wasted potential.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 11.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I understand... Thanks, you two. I appreciate you being here for me while I talk this through.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's nothing! Our pleasure.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 12.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, there's one more reason I invited you here. It's about time I finally give you what I promised.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 13.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' In order to restore the appearances of the face-swapping victims, the Marechaussee Phantom gave me special permission to make a few bottles of that potion. And... I made one extra, just for you two.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? We don't need it, though... Shouldn't we destroy it?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 14.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Well, even if you chose to destroy it, I still thought I should give it to you first. You two did so much for me &mdash; how could I break my promise?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, fair enough. But anyway, Paimon's definitely not interested in this stuff anymore.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, if this is the very last bottle in all of Teyvat, getting rid of it would feel like kind of a waste... Maybe we can give it a special meaning somehow... Ooh, Paimon's got it!
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Melusine physiology wasn't affected by the great flood, right? So that means the potion should have a permanent effect on you. In that case... Whaddaya say, Sigewinne? Ever thought about transforming back to the way you used to look?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all, from a Melusine point of view, Paimon bets Melusines look the cutest of all!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 15.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Paimon, after everything, do you really think it matters whether I'm a Melusine or a human?
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, well...
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, what was Paimon thinking? You made up your mind a long time ago. Yeah, let's just destroy this thing.
:{{A|vo sgwlq004 4 sigewinne 16.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Leave it to me.

;(Talk to Sigewinne, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq004 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'd like to stay here with my teacher for a little longer.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Truth of What Was
|zhs      = 曾经的真相
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 曾經的真相
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 過去の真相
|ja_rm    = Kako no Shinsou
|ja_tl    = The Truth of the Past
|ko       = 과거의 진실
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Una verdad de antaño
|es_tl    = A Truth of Yesteryear
|fr       = La vérité de ce qui était
|fr_tl    = The Truth of What Was
|ru       = Правда прошлого
|ru_tl    = The Truth of the Past
|th       = ความจริงในอดีต
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Chân Tướng Trước Kia
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Was einst war
|de_tl    = What Once Was
|id       = Kebenaran Masa Lalu
|id_tl    = The Truth of the Past
|pt       = A Verdade Sobre o Passado
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Aslında Olanlar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = La verità sul passato
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}