{{About|the [[World Quest]] Series|the World Quest|The Moon-Bathed Deep (Quest)}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = The Moon-Bathed Deep Chapter.png
|type            = World
|major           = yes
|region          = Inazuma
|next            = The Still Water's Flow
}}
'''The Moon-Bathed Deep''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Inazuma]]. It is obtained by talking to [[Tsuyuko]], who is located North of the [[Mouun Shrine]], [[Watatsumi Island]].

Requirement: {{Quest|Ritou Escape Plan|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==List of Quests==
* [[The Moon-Bathed Deep (Quest)|The Moon-Bathed Deep]]
* [["Eye of Watatsumi"]]
* [["Fang of Watatsumi"]]
* [["Fin of Watatsumi"]]
* [["Tail of Watatsumi"]]
* [["Heart of Watatsumi"]]

==Summary==
During their travels throughout [[Inazuma]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] arrive on [[Watatsumi Island]]. They approach the [[Sangonomiya Shrine]] and a shrine maiden named [[Tsuyuko]] immediately asks them for help. Tired of running errands, the Traveler is unimpressed and Paimon calls out Tsuyuko for being rude.

Tsuyuko proceeds to explain the issue that Watatsumi Island has to the Traveler. According to legend, the depths of [[Enkanomiya]] will attempt to absorb the spirit of Watatsumi Island, which causes the [[Holy Soil]] phenomenon where the soil will bleach and erode, making the land infertile and unable to grow crops. To prevent this, a piece of [[Jade Coral Branch]] is required to perform the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]] ritual. Tsuyuko entices Paimon with the prospect of treasure in Enkanomiya and asks the Traveler to help.

The Traveler decides to help, but first, in order to enter Enkanomiya, they must dispel the barrier that separates Watatsumi and Enkanomiya. In order to do so, they must go to the [[Goshou Rocks]], the five nodes of the barrier. These rocks are located in five locations called the "eye", "fang", "fin", "tail" and "heart". After obtaining the [[Spirit Pearl]]s from the "eye", "fang", "fin", and "tail", the Traveler, Paimon and Tsuyuko head to the "heart" to unlock the final seal at the "heart" and obtain the [[Key of the Deep]].

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|The Moon-Bathed Deep Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|The Moon-Bathed Deep Chapter Quests}}

==Lore==
"The Moon-Bathed Deep" is the name of the pool under the [[Sangonomiya Shrine]] that serves as the entrance to [[Enkanomiya]]. The pool is unlocked during the {{Quest|The Still Water's Flow}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Moon-Bathed Deep
|zhs     = 月浴之渊
|zhs_rm  = Yuè Yù zhī Yuān
|zht     = 月浴之淵
|zht_rm  = Yuè Yù zhī Yuān
|zh_tl   = The Abyss of Moon-Bathing
|ja      = 月浴の淵
|ja_rm   = Getsuyoku no Fuchi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Moon-Bathed Deep Waters
|ko      = 월광욕 연못
|ko_rm   = Wolgwangyok Yeonmot
|ko_tl   = Moon-Bathing Pond
|es      = Abismo plenilunado
|es_tl   = The Full Moon Abyss
|fr      = Les profondeurs baignées de lune
|fr_tl   = The Moon-Bathed Depths
|ru      = Лунная бездна
|ru_tl   = The Lunar Abyss
|th      = ห้วงลึกอาบแสงจันทร์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vực Tắm Trăng
|vi_tl   = Moon Bathing Abyss
|de      = Die mondbeschienene Tiefe
|de_tl   = The Moonlit Deep
|id      = Dasar Pemandian Bulan
|id_tl   = The Base of Moon Bathing
|pt      = Profundezas Banhadas pela Lua
|pt_tl   = Depths Bathed by the Moon
|tr      = Mehtaplı Derinlikler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le Profondità seleniche
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Abismo plenilunado]]
[[pt-br:Profundezas Banhadas pela Lua]]