{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Alcor.png
|caption      = ''[[Alcor]]'' &mdash; Flagship of the Crux
|leader       = [[Beidou]] (Captain)<br>[[Juza]] (Chief Mate/Acting Leader)
|region       = Liyue
}}
{{Lang|'''The Crux'''|zh=南十字|zh_rm=Nánshízì}} is an armed fleet based in [[Liyue Harbor]] and led by Captain [[Beidou]]. The Crux is famous throughout [[Liyue]] for their daring adventures and rich bounties.

Its flagship, the ''[[Alcor]]'', can be found (and boarded) off the shores of [[Guyun Stone Forest]], by the southeastern end of the island [[Domain of Guyun]] is on.

==Overview==
The Crux divides its crew into 2 teams: '''The Shield of the Crux''' and '''The Spear of the Crux'''. The Spear of the Crux consists of individuals that is trained in and responsible for naval warfare as well as handling cargo deals. Those assigned in The Shield, on the other hand, are the ones trained and specialized in comprehensive survival skills to ensure safe navigation. These skills include, but not limited to, maritime emergency rescue, cartography, marine meteorology, and psychological counseling. Other than that, the Shield is also responsible for preparing recreational programs for the crew.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Special Guest}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Life on the High Seas}}</ref>

There are 2 primary methods the fleet uses to generate income. The first one is through acting as an armed carrier delivering goods between places separated by the sea, while the other is through illegal trading.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Beneath the Surface}}</ref> Other than that, the Crux is also one of the parties entrusted by the Liyue [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] to conduct a 2-year intensive navigation training and apprenticeship program. Completing the courses gives participants a Deep Sea Navigation Qualification Certificate required for sailors to sail the sea as well as other rewards provided by the Ministry.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Vigilance at Sea}}</ref>

The Crux's expeditions are "more or less" approved by the [[Liyue Qixing]] due to Beidou's unusual relationship with the Tianquan [[Ningguang]]: Beidou has no fear of her like the rest of Liyue's citizens and adamantly proclaims that no one is her boss, while Ningguang claims she never hires the Crux's services &mdash; just Beidou's.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Beidou|3}}</ref>

Whenever the Crux returns from a voyage, they hold a three-day celebratory feast. Once, they hired [[Xiangling]], hoping they could save Mora by hiring the not-yet-famous chef. She impressed both Beidou and the crew with her skill, and Beidou ordered the crew to call the girl "Madam Xiangling," proclaiming she would soon become renowned throughout Liyue. Afterwards, Xiangling became a regular guest aboard the fleet in search of new and exotic ingredients.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Beidou|4}}</ref>

The Crux's dealings go beyond Liyue's borders, having done business in [[Inazuma]]. Beidou's Chief Mate, [[Juza]], has an Inazuman name.<ref group="Note">Juza's name is based on the Japanese reading of {{Lang|mini=1|ja=重佐|ja_rm=Juusa}}. His crewmates' names are based on their Chinese readings, indicating that this was a deliberate decision on the English localization's part.</ref> [[Yoimiya]] occasionally commissions the fleet to send fireworks to Liyue.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Kaedehara Kazuha|About Yoimiya}}</ref> Beidou and her crew were also hired by [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] as mercenaries for the [[Watatsumi Army]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|In the Name of the Resistance}}</ref>

Sometime after [[Ei]] enacted the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], Beidou took in [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] as a "temporary crewmember," allowing him to escape his pursuers for the time being, and she was wary of staying docked at [[Ritou]] any longer than necessary as it increased the risk of Kazuha being discovered on board the ''Alcor''. After the Decree was repealed, however, he still remained with them.

The Crux has a valid entry permit to dock at [[Dornman Port]] in [[Mondstadt]].<ref name="AlchemicalAscension">Event [[Alchemical Ascension]], Potion Requests: [[Alchemical Ascension/Story#Beidou|Beidou]]</ref>

==Characters==
The following characters are members or regular guests aboard the Crux:
* [[Beidou]] &mdash; Captain
* [[Xiangling]]
* [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]

===Crew===
Most of the following crew members can be found aboard the ''Alcor''.
{{column|2|
* [[Furong]] &mdash; Sailor
* [[Huixing]] &mdash; Navigator
* [[Juza]] &mdash; Chief Mate
* [[Little Yue]]
* [[Mora-Grubber]] &mdash; Bookkeeper
* [[Sea Drake]] &mdash; Sailor
* [[Suling]] &mdash; Ironworker
* [[Xu Liushi]] &mdash; Sailor
* [[Yinxing]] &mdash; Surgeon at Sea
* [[Muzhen]] &mdash; Chief Technical Officer
}}

===Former Members===
* [[Zhang Shun]] &mdash; Retired
* [[Farzaneh]] &mdash; Lieutenant Captain 

==Trivia==
* [[Dongdong]]'s father claims to be a member of the Crux Fleet, but the ''[[Someone's Diary I: Yaoguang Shoal|Someone's Diary]]'' book series reveals that is a lie.
* The Crux Fleet is mentioned in the following:
** The book [[Diary of Roald the Adventurer: Guyun Stone Forest]], where he witnesses the fleet departing and wonders what mission the Qixing Commerce Guild has entrusted to them.
** {{Quest|Cliffhanger}}, where [[Tea Master Liu Su]] tells the story ''[[The Wrath of Haishan]]'', the sea monster Beidou defeated.
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Crux
|zhs     = 南十字
|zhs_rm  = Nánshízì
|zht     = 南十字
|zht_rm  = Nánshízì
|zh_tl   = The Southern Cross
|ja      = 南十字
|ja_rm   = Minami Juuji<ref>{{Ref/VO|Beidou|初めまして…|ja|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = The Southern Cross
|ko      = {{tt|남십자|南十字}}
|ko_tl   = The Southern Cross
|es      = Flota Crux Meridianam
|es_tl   = Crux Meridianam Fleet
|es_note = ''Crux Meridianam'' is Latin for "southern cross."
|fr      = Le Crux
|fr_tl   = The Crux
|ru      = Южный Крест
|ru_tl   = The Southern Cross
|th      = กองเรือ Crux
|th_rm   = Kong ruea Crux
|th_tl   = Crux Fleet
|vi      = {{tt|Nam Thập Tự|南十字}}
|vi_tl   = The Southern Cross
|de      = Crux
|id      = The Crux
|pt      = Frota Crux
|pt_tl   = Crux Fleet
|tr      = Güneyhaç
|tr_tl   = Southern Cross
|it      = La Crux
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[Category:The Crux| ]]

[[es:Flota Crux Meridianam]]
[[fr:Flotte du Crux]]
[[ja:南十字]]
[[pt-br:Frota Crux]]
[[th:กองเรือ Crux]]
[[uk:Південний Хрест]]