{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest The Three Great Martial Trials.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Enkanomiya
|chapter       = Erebos' Secret
|summary       = 
|requirement   = [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]]
|characters    = Eboshi; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Enkanomiya]]
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|rep           = Inazuma
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
}}
'''The Three Great Martial Trials''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Enkanomiya]]. It is part of the [[Erebos' Secret]] quest series.

To unlock this quest, the Traveler must first complete [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]] by giving the [[Bloodbranch Coral]] to [[Tsuyuko]]. Eboshi can be found east of the northwest-most waypoint of [[The Serpent's Heart]] and during [[Evernight]]. Starting this quest will reveal three new subareas of the [[Enkanomiya]] region: [[Yachimatahiko's Locus]], [[Yachimatahime's Locus]], and [[Kunado's Locus]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Eboshi
# Complete the challenge (0/3)<br />See the pages for each sub-quest for steps and details:
#* [[Yachimatahiko's Trial]]
#* [[Yachimatahime's Trial]]
#* [[Kunado's Trial]]
# Talk to Eboshi

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Having heard [[Eboshi]]'s introduction, you decide that it should be alright to head to the three corners of Enkanomiya to take part in the trials.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Eboshi)
:'''???:''' That I have appeared before you must mean that the [[Bloodbranch Coral]] is in Watatsumi's hands. And a most comforting thought that is.
:'''???:''' My name is Erebos. In the Inazuman tongue, that would be Eboshi. I am an auxiliary of Sangonomiya, one of the shrine maidens of Enkanomiya.
:'''Eboshi:''' You must be the hero who obtained the coral, I suppose?
:{{DIcon}} That would be me.
:'''Eboshi:''' My apologies, but that which I shall shortly speak of is a most complicated matter. In truth, I do not know where to begin.
:'''Paimon:''' Just start from the start! We'll listen!
:'''Eboshi:''' You have my gratitude. In that case, allow me to introduce such matters as I may to you. We must begin with [[Watatsumi Omikami]] opening the gate to the depths.
:'''Eboshi:''' The depths of Enkanomiya play host to a natural cave system that leads to Watatsumi Island. This is the paradise that was promised to us by Watatsumi Omikami.
:'''Eboshi:''' At Omikami's instruction, we learned the culture of Narukami, and we established foreign relations with many different nations.
:'''Eboshi:''' Narukami Island even knew us as the "beauties of Watatsumi," renowned for our soft skin, which would conceal seven types of skin blemish...
:'''Eboshi:''' ...This, of course, being mostly a consequence of our ancestors' lack of sunlight in the depths of Enkanomiya...
:{{DIcon}} Uh, could we get to the point?
:{{DIcon}} This feels like old news. Could we get to the point?
:'''Eboshi:''' Ah, sorry. During the process of establishing foreign relations, I would give guided tours to visitors in my role as a Sangonomiya auxiliary, so I just...
:'''Eboshi:''' Right. Back to the point. Lady Sangonomiya and I had a disagreement, which resulted in the current arrangement, following Watatsumi Omikami's mediation.
:'''Eboshi:''' Due to the phenomenon known as [[Sinshades]], the "past," "history," and "truth" of Enkanomiya would endure even if left to their own devices.
:'''Eboshi:''' As such, great effort was expended, not that we might remember, but that we might "forget." Lady Sangonomiya was of this view.
:'''Paimon:''' (The Sangonomiya she's talking about must've been from a real long time ago...)
:'''Eboshi:''' The trial to obtain the branch was intended to limit the number of people coming after us who could know the whole truth of the matter.
:'''Eboshi:''' As for me, I supported leaving records of the truth. As such, Watatsumi Omikami permitted me to add another trial path that, if passed, would lead to knowledge of our secrets.
:'''Eboshi:''' Please accept this challenge.
:{{DIcon}} I accept your challenge.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, secrets. I like secrets.
:'''Eboshi:''' That is well. In that case, allow me to open that path for you.

;(A cutscene plays and three new subareas are revealed)

:'''Eboshi:''' The three trial areas have been prepared.
:'''Eboshi:''' Now, allow me to give you the clues to clearing them.
:'''Eboshi:''' Now, in this Evernight, gaze upon the borders of Byakuyakoku.
:'''Eboshi:''' "In the faintness of everlasting night, beyond the rushing of the river Styx, within the sinless flow of heavenly light."
:'''Eboshi:''' Release the seal on [[The Emanant Skylight]]. Then, you may ascend to the Gate of Heaven and access the site of the trial.
:{{DIcon}} The Emanant Skylight?
:'''Eboshi:''' At night, you can see three pillars of light that descend from the dome above. These pillars point unto The Emanant Skylight.
:'''Paimon:''' You're speaking in riddles!
:'''Eboshi:''' Sorry, this is how the script written by Watatsumi Omikami reads. And I mean, aren't unclear instructions also part of the tradition of such trials?
:'''Eboshi:''' Whatever the case may be. All the [[Jibashiri]] at the trial area are weirdos. If you don't pass through the teleporter to get there, they won't speak gently to you.
:'''Eboshi:''' Either way, I can only stay here and hope that you will conquer all the obstacles set before you, and that you will return crowned in recognition.

----

;(Talk to Eboshi again)
:'''Eboshi:''' Please go unto the Jibashiri's souls to prove your valor.
:'''Eboshi:''' Only when you have completed the trials can I tell you all of our secrets.
:'''Eboshi:''' Ah, goodness, look at me! Behaving like a young maiden with a little secret she cannot wait to share.

----

;(Complete the challenges)

;(Talk to Eboshi after completing the challenges)
:'''Eboshi:''' Ah, you have been recognized by all the Jibashiri. They represent the will of Watatsumi, and so have you obtained the right to learn everything.
:'''Eboshi:''' You are the savior of the people of Watatsumi, and are one acknowledged by Watatsumi also. Thus, you have earned the right to ask and to be answered.
:'''Eboshi:''' Still, I ask that you follow the rules and not take the truth beyond this ocean abyss.
:'''Eboshi:''' What else do you wish to know?
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the Bathysmal Vishaps...
::'''Eboshi:''' They are primordial elemental beings, unbent and unbowed by the power that came from the heavens owing to their living deep underwater.
::'''Eboshi:''' They are actually very intelligent, and they are adept at evolving. They would even evolve into different elemental forms throughout the history of their war against us.
::'''Eboshi:''' I would not be surprised at all if they have learned language or perhaps even evolved into lizard-people of a sort.
::'''Eboshi:''' The [[Holy Soil]] phenomenon is, in fact, the expansion of their habitat. That means that the primordial elemental power of the three realms is growing stronger.
::'''Eboshi:''' Only by using Watatsumi Omikami's life force to awaken its second servant could we convert this raw, raging elemental power.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Watatsumi Omikami...
::'''Eboshi:''' Watatsumi Omikami, due to ill-fortune, fell into this place, beyond the jurisdiction of the [[Heavenly Principles|heavenly order]].
::'''Eboshi:''' This was undoubtedly to the good fortune of us, the people of Byakuyakoku. It has done a great many things for us.
::'''Eboshi:''' Unfortunately, by making contact with us, it also grasped a truth that came before its own existence. Thus, it was forced by heaven to sacrifice itself.
::'''Eboshi:''' The truth behind this sacrifice had to remain unknown to all. Only thus could the people of Byakuyakoku be allowed to live under the rule of The Seven.
:{{DIcon}} So, what were things like before the sun and moon?
::'''Eboshi:''' Before Byakuyakoku fell into the deep sea, the whole world had a single unified culture.
::'''Eboshi:''' Later, a great war broke out, in which the heavens capsized and the earth was ripped asunder. This land was then plunged into the dark ocean depths.
::'''Eboshi:''' However, the heavenly order seemed to not wish for those who remembered all this to remain on the earth. We searched and searched for a road of return, but there was none to be found.
::'''Eboshi:''' Much, much later, heaven's powers of prohibition would gradually weaken. Thus did Watatsumi Omikami manage to fall into this place.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]].
::'''Eboshi:''' The Dainichi Mikoshi was constructed by the Sage [[Abrax]]. It has the power to bring light to the dark depths.
::'''Eboshi:''' It has quite a few other functions, to boot.
::'''Eboshi:''' All in all, it is a very powerful device.
:{{DIcon}} I've got nothing else to ask.
::'''Eboshi:''' Fair enough. Again, please remember to keep all that you have seen here in Enkanomiya an eternal secret.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/wMDOfxUYHb4
|caption1 = The Three Great Martial Trials Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Three Great Martial Trials
|zhs     = 三隅道大演武
|zhs_rm  = Sān Yúdào Dà Yǎnwǔ
|zht     = 三隅道大演武
|zht_rm  = Sān Yúdào Dà Yǎnwǔ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 三隅道大演武
|ja_rm   = Sanguu Doutai Enbu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 3개 변경의 대연무
|ko_rm   = 3gae Byeongyeong-ui Daeyeonmu
|ko_tl   = The Great Military Exercise of Three Frontiers
|es      = Las tres grandes artes marciales
|es_tl   = The Three Great Martial Arts
|fr      = Les trois grandes épreuves martiales
|fr_tl   = The Three Great Martial Trials
|ru      = Три великих боевых испытания
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การฝึกต่อสู้ที่ยิ่งใหญ่ทั้งสาม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tam Đại Diễn Võ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die drei großen Kampfprüfungen
|de_tl   = The Three Big Battle Trials
|id      = Tiga Ujian Jalan Pendekar
|id_tl   = The Three Trials of Warrior's Path
|pt      = Os Três Grandes Julgamentos Marciais
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[vi:Tam Đại Diễn Võ]]