{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Event Quest The Winding Homeward Way.png
|id            = 79001
|type          = World
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Minacious Isle
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Minacious Isle/1.6|Minacious Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = 
|event_name    = Version 1.6
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Winding Homeward Way''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occured in [[Minacious Isle/1.6|Minacious Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]]. It was part of the [[Midsummer Island Adventure]] event.

==Steps==
# Follow the [[Seelie]]
# Investigate the surrounding area
# Light up all the [[Elemental Monument]]s in the correct manner
#*{{Cryo}} → {{Anemo}} → {{Pyro}} → {{Hydro}}
#*The Cryo and Anemo monuments are on the ground.
#* The Pyro and Hydro monuments are on upside down arches above and can only be hit using [[Bows]] or Elemental [[Wind-Blessed Harpastum|Wind-Blessed Harpasta]]. (However, it seems that this may cause a glitch which makes it impossible to continue until restarting the game)
#** Hydro Monument: Set the Twister Ring to Position 1 and aim a Wind-Blessed Harpastum through the Hydro Hymnal Ring into the Twister Ring.
#** Pyro Monument: Set the Twister Ring to Position 2 and aim a Wind-Blessed Harpastum through the Pyro Hymnal Ring into the Twister Ring.
#Follow the Seelie
#* A few enemies will spawn:
#** {{Enemy|Anemo Slime|x=2}}
#** {{Enemy|Large Anemo Slime|x=1}}
#* Follow the Seelie through the [[Time Tunnel|portal]]
#* Destroy the [[Rock Pile|debris]]
#Wait for the Seelie to return to the platform
#* A [[Chests|Luxurious Chest]] will spawn

==Gameplay Notes==
* Neither the large rock pile nor the Seelie court spawn before the Seelie leaves the Minacious Isle.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet a strange [[Seelie]] on [[Minacious Isle/1.6|Minacious Isle]]...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Seelie)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's a Seelie!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon was just thinking we'd never find a Seelie on this island, and then, Seelie surprise!
:'''Paimon:''' Same drill as always, let's approach it and see where it leads us.

;(Follow the Seelie until it stops)
:'''Paimon:''' Why has it stopped? There's nothing here...
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like it's time for you-know-what again...
:'''Paimon:''' There's gotta be a pile of stones, or a stone tablet, or an elemental monument around here somewhere.

;(Investigate the pillar)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, things lit up all of a sudden!
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like there's something recorded here, too. Paimon wonders what purpose it serves...

;(Light up Elemental Monuments incorrectly)
:'''Paimon:''' That doesn't seem right...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers that that stone tablet had something recorded on it.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe it might have something to do with these Elemental Monuments. Let's go back and have a look.

;(Complete the puzzle by lighting up all Elemental Monuments)
:'''Paimon:''' Look up! Something just appeared!
:'''Paimon:''' That Seelie flew right in!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Where did these Anemo Slimes drop down from?
:'''Paimon:''' Never mind, let's keep following that Seelie. It's getting away!

;(Upon arriving on the other side after entering the portal)
:'''Paimon:''' Let's keep chasing that Seelie before it gets too far!
:'''Paimon:''' That Seelie's stopped. Is this where it intended to come all along?
:'''Paimon:''' There's nothing but debris around here... Let's help clean the place up a little.

;(Upon destroying the large rock pile)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so it really came back to [[Mondstadt]]. Guess it must be from around these parts.
:'''Paimon:''' So how did it get to that island, then? So many questions...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Winding Homeward Way
|zhs     = 归乡漫漫路
|zhs_rm  = Guī Xiāng Mànmàn Lù
|zht     = 歸鄉漫漫路
|zht_rm  = Guī Xiāng Mànmàn Lù
|zh_tl   = Long Way Back Home
|ja      = 長い帰り道
|ja_rm   = Nagai Kaerimichi
|ja_tl   = Long Way Back Home
|ko      = 아득한 귀향길
|ko_rm   = Adeukan Gwihyanggil
|ko_tl   = Faraway Way Back Home
|es      = El largo camino a casa
|es_tl   = The Long Way to Home
|fr      = Le sinueux chemin du retour
|fr_tl   = The Winding Way Back
|ru      = Извилистая дорога домой
|ru_tl   = Winding Way Home
|th      = ทางกลับบ้านที่คดเคี้ยว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đường Về Cố Hương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der lange Heimweg
|de_tl   = The Long Home Way
|id      = Perjalanan Pulang yang Panjang
|id_tl   = Long Homeward Journey
|pt      = O Caminho Sinuoso para Casa
|pt_tl   = The Winding Way Towards Home
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

[[pt-br:O Caminho Sinuoso para Casa]]
[[ru:Извилистая дорога домой]]