{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04005
|image         = Archon Quest The City of Rains and Remembrance.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|characters    = Cowell; Estelle; Freminet; Furina; Garrick; Irimia; Joliot; Lynette; Lyney; Neuvillette; Paimon; Tartaglia; Traveler; Truand; Clorinde <!-- cutscene -->
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage
|prev          = Soloist's Prologue
|next          = Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,125;Primogem*30;Mora*49,200;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*9
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The City of Rains and Remembrance|chapter=4|act=1|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Go to where [[Lyney]] is
# Go to [[Beaumont Workshop]]
# Defeat the [[Confrerie of Cabriere]] henchmen {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout *3; Treasure Hoarders: Raptor}}
# Talk to [[Childe]]
# Ride the [[Navia Line]] and head to [[Erinnyes]]
# Go to the fountain plaza in front of the opera house
# Enter the [[Opera Epiclese]]
# Go to the seats Lyney arranged
# Watch the magic show

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 3 and 4, the active party will be limited to a trial [[Tartaglia]].
* Step 5 will be skipped if the player has previously unlocked the [[Teleport Waypoint]] in [[Fountain of Lucine]].

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 7, 8
|character_name          = Tartaglia

<!-- WL 7 Stats-->|character_level7        = 90
|constellation7          = 3
|weapon_name7            = Polar Star
|weapon_level7           = 90
|refinement7             = 1
|artifact_flower7        = Odyssean Flower
|artifact_feather7       = Wicked Mage's Plumule
|artifact_sands7         = Nymph's Constancy
|artifact_goblet7        = Heroes' Tea Party
|artifact_circlet7       = Fell Dragon's Monocle
|artifact_level7         = 20
|set1_7                  = Nymph's Dream
|set1_piece_bonus_7      = 4
|normal_attack_talent7   = 9
|elemental_skill_talent7 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent7 = 8
|hp7                     = 21,141
|atk7                    = 1,893
|def7                    = 963
|em7                     = 105
|crit_rate7              = 59.1%
|crit_dmg7               = 154.1%
|er7                     = 135.0%
|hydro_dmg7              = 90.4%

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name8            = Polar Star
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Odyssean Flower
|artifact_feather8       = Wicked Mage's Plumule
|artifact_sands8         = Nymph's Constancy
|artifact_goblet8        = Heroes' Tea Party
|artifact_circlet8       = Fell Dragon's Monocle
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Nymph's Dream
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 9
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 21,141
|atk8                    = 1,893
|def8                    = 963
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 59.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 154.1%
|er8                     = 135.0%
|hydro_dmg8              = 90.4%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After a brisk meeting with the Hydro Archon, you decide to, at Lyney's invitation, attend his and Lynette's premiere magic performance at the opera house.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' This is our current abode.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah, [[Freminet]], you're home. Where did everyone else go? I have some new friends that I would like to introduce.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Oh, they all just went out a moment ago.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I see. Everyone is getting busier now that "[[Arlecchino|Father]]" will be returning soon. I suppose that can't be helped...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Allow me to introduce you to my little brother, Freminet. He is a phenomenal diver.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Uh, hello...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice to meet you! Paimon is Paimon, and this is the {{Traveler}}. You sound very proud to have a diver as a brother, Lyney.
:{{DIcon}} Lyney sure seems to have a big family.
:{{DIcon}} What a talented family.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Haha...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Uh, Lyney... Could you come here for a moment?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hmm? What is it, Freminet? Do you have something to tell me?
:{{DIcon}} It's alright, you go ahead.
:;(Freminet talks to Lyney on the side)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hmm... Okay, I see.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is everything alright?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, it's nothing, we were just discussing a little housework. Sorry for the interruption.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Before I forget, {{Traveler}} and I collected more materials to make Magic Pockets. Were you able to get any, Freminet?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 04.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Yes, I went diving and gathered lots of materials. I was about to give them to you.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' That's our Freminet, always quick with the underwater work. Alright, I'll take these to the workshop.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Looks like... rain.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you're right. But wasn't it clear and sunny just a moment ago? Hmm... Fontaine's weather sure is weird.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 11.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hehe, I'm afraid that's just how it is here. It often rains on days when there are trials being held in the opera house, but don't worry, it'll clear up soon enough.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 05.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? What's wrong, Freminet?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 06.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' There's a legend about the rain that I tend to believe...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 07.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' It's said that a [[Dragon of Water]] once resided in Fontaine. Though we don't know where the dragon went, every time it weeps, the skies will cloud up and pour out rain.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 08.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' When I was a child, my mother told me that if I wanted to go outside and play, I should yell toward the sky at the top of my lungs...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 09.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' "Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry!"
:{{DIcon}} Could that Hydro Dragon be the [[Seven Sovereigns|elemental dragon]] of Fontaine?
:{{DIcon}} Another one of the elemental dragons of Teyvat...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it's an elemental dragon, then having the power to make it rain wouldn't be very unusual.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon try something...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry!"
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Heh... doesn't seem to be of any use. It is just a legend, after all.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' You know, you might be a more popular magician if you understood the concept of "romanticism"... or could at least play along.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Sorry! It might be because we've never met the Hydro Dragon. Perhaps it can't be comforted by the words of strangers.
:{{Black Screen|After some time, the rain stops.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 14.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It rained for longer than I suspected... Uh, it's already getting late.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was there something you needed to do, Lyney?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 15.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Yeah, some preparations for the show at the opera house. I need to find a way to catch the last aquabus of the day.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 16.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' On the day of the performance, just ride the aquabus to the island of Erinnyes. I'll have Lynette meet you at the fountain in front of the opera house.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good. You go ahead, Lyney.
:{{DIcon}} See you at the performance.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 10.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Oh, uh... Are you leaving now?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 17.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' What is it, Freminet? I'm in a hurry. Oh, I get it. You feel nervous delivering the materials for the Magic Pockets, is that it?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 18.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Perhaps we could trouble {{Traveler}} to help us take these materials to the [[Beaumont Workshop]] and deliver them to the owner there?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 lyney 19.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm afraid that Freminet can be quite introverted... And the boss there tends to be pretty talkative. Freminet has always been a little afraid of her.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No trouble at all. Don't worry, we're on the case!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 freminet 11.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Sorry for the inconvenience. I'm quite useless when it comes to such tasks... I'll think of a way to make it up to you.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no need, no need! This'll be a walk in the park for us.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Magic Pocket Materials|x=1}})
;(Talk to Freminet, optional)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 2 freminet 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Thanks again, you two. I really can't deal with that lady...
----
;(Approach [[Estelle]])
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello? Is there anyone here?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 01.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Oh, hello there. New customers? Looking to buy, or do you need something made? Or perhaps you're just looking for a chat with me?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh &mdash; no, we're just here to deliver some materials. Here they are. They're for making... uh, what were they called again?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 02.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Ah, these must be for Magic Pockets. I could tell right away, I've already made several orders' worth now.
:{{DIcon}} Do we need to pay?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 03.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' No, no need. They've already prepaid several batches worth. When they told me what they'd be using them for, I even offered them a discount.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 04.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' But they insisted on paying the full amount, saying that I had a business to run... Hehe, it seems both their hearts and their pockets are made of gold.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so is Lyney actually loaded?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 05.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' I can't say for sure, but who knows... Maybe there's good money to be made being a magician in Fontaine.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, is this machine what you use to make stuff here? It looks really advanced...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 06.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Why use your hands when a machine can do the work? It would be a waste not to use the latest technology, and wasting is a kind of crime.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But where does a big machine like that get its power from?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 07.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Ah, well... It's a little complicated, I'm not sure I can put it in layman's terms for you...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 08.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' But basically, everything we usually use here in the city is powered by [[Indemnitium]]. It's a type of energy that's produced from trials.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How can trials produce energy?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 09.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Well, I'm not completely sure of all the details myself, but basically...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 10.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' When a trial is in session, the [[Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale]] harvests people's belief in justice, and converts it into energy to be used all around Fontaine.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's what its other function is? Paimon heard that the Oratrice was created by the Archon to make judgments.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon still doesn't get it. How could something unreliable like people's beliefs be turned into a stable power source for these machines?
:{{DIcon}} Well, [[Venti]] and [[Nahida]] both said...
:{{DIcon}} The gods rely on belief to obtain power.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah! So that means the Hydro Archon relies on the machine to take the energy created by belief and turn it into power for all of Fontaine, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 11.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Even though I've never heard anyone really put it that way before, it sounds like it makes sense.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 12.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Besides Indemnitium, we have another type of energy called "[[Pneumousia]]."
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 13.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' It isn't produced by the power of the Archon, but it is unstable by nature. Even now it still cannot be widely used by civilians.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 truand 01.ogg}} '''Truand:''' Heh, I thought I'd find you hard at work, but here you are chatting the day away... Since you're already talking, I'm sure you wouldn't mind a few words with me.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 14.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Y&mdash;You again? Didn't I already promise you that I'd have the Mora I owe to [[Confrerie of Cabriere]] by next month? Why are you hounding me now?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 truand 02.ogg}} '''Truand:''' Yeah, but how do we know that you won't go running off by the end of this month? I want fifty percent. Today. Wait, no... seventy percent.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 establet 15.ogg}} '''Estelle:''' Huh!? You...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems business isn't so great for the workshop... We've already finished our job and delivered the materials. Maybe now's a good time to leave?
:{{DIcon}} You're right.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a usual case of someone owing somebody else money.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey, hold on! Before you go around trying to collect payments, why don't you settle your own debts first?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If Confrerie of Cabriere wants to poach clients from [[Northland Bank]], that's fine, but I'm afraid you still owe the bank a hefty sum of Mora. So why don't we work things out between us first before you get back to your little conversation here?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 truand 03.ogg}} '''Truand:''' Ah, you're from Northland Bank? But we said we'll pay everything we owe next month. Why are you hounding me now?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, {{Traveler}}! Paimon! I didn't think I'd run into you here in Fontaine. What are the chances!?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're surprised to see you too! What are you doing here in Fontaine? You didn't want to stay in [[Snezhnaya]]?
:{{DIcon}} We sure seem to have run into a lot of friends today.
:{{DIcon}} Fontaine really is a curious place.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha! Long story short, I've already been in Fontaine for some time now, and honestly, things have been pretty boring.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But it seems that fate brought our paths together today. Not only will I have some good friends here now, but ones who always seem to find trouble.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Either way you look at it, it seems things are going to get a lot more interesting now.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pretty sure we'd want to avoid anything that you'd find interesting... Besides, our trip here has gone pretty well so far, right {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I think we've already weathered enough storms for now.
:{{DIcon}} I don't mind a little excitement every now and then.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 truand 04.ogg}} '''Truand:''' Ahem, uh... Hey you, Northland Bank boy. Aren't you forgetting something?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Don't interrupt. It's not often I run into {{Traveler}} like this. Why don't you wait for me over there for a while?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 truand 05.ogg}} '''Truand:''' You kidding? Aren't you the one looking for us? You really expect us to sit and twiddle our thumbs while you catch up with your friends?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 truand 06.ogg}} '''Truand:''' Listen to me, boy. If you want your Mora, fine &mdash; why don't you come and take it?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey, I just said not to interrupt. Oh, by the way, {{Traveler}}... The last time I took [[Tonia]] and [[Teucer]] ice fishing, Teucer said...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 truand 07.ogg}} '''Truand:''' HEY!!! That's way over the line! Alright, boys! Let's see who has to pay up now!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ugh, can't you at least let me finish one sentence? Fine, though the bank told me not to get rough with our clients...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You're the ones who started it! This is an act of self-defense. You two will have to be my witnesses, okay?
:{{DIcon}} Okay, sure.
:{{DIcon}} Go ahead, they're all yours.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure this won't take long.

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 truand 01.ogg}} '''Truand:''' What's your deal, brat...? How are you so strong if you're just a staffer from Snezhnaya's Northland Bank?&nbsp;...Wait, don't tell me you're&mdash;!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, now you notice? It's a little late, don't you think? Just make sure you understand that you don't mess with Northland Bank, got it?
:;(Childe's Hydro [[Vision]] loses its glow)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 truand 02.ogg}} '''Truand:''' Now's my chance!
:;([[Truand]] tries to attack Childe but gets knocked out)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Huh... That was weird...
:{{DIcon}} What just happened?
:{{DIcon}} Are you feeling alright?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm not sure... It's as if I suddenly lost control of my Hydro powers when I needed them. Maybe there's something wrong with my Vision?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange, how could that happen? First time Paimon's ever heard of someone losing control of their Vision.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Never mind, it doesn't matter. If I wanna stay sharp, I shouldn't be relying too much on my Vision anyway. Besides, I always have my [[Delusion]] in case I need it.
:{{DIcon}} You'd better not use your Delusion too often.
:{{DIcon}} I don't have a Vision, so don't ask me.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what are you doing in Fontaine, Childe? And don't say it's work for Northland Bank!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well... I guess it's because I've been in a bad mood lately.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What kind of reason is that? Wait, since when do you feel down about anything?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, I dunno... Maybe I still have a lot to learn about myself.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But recently, there seems to be some sort of restless power stirring inside of me... And I don't know why, but every now and then I feel like I'm in a terrible mood...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe you losing control of your Vision just now is connected with that power you're feeling inside?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hmm, that is a possibility.
:{{DIcon}} So about this power...
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any idea where it came from?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I can't remember if I've ever mentioned it before, but when I was fourteen, I fell into some unknown abyss...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It was during that time I learned nearly all of my abilities. The one who took me under her wing and taught me was named [[Skirk]].
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' She was always quiet and very mysterious. Nobody knew where she came from or what she had been through, and she was always very strict when teaching me combat techniques.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' One time, I asked her why she was willing to take me on as an apprentice. From what I could make of her answer, it was...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Because I had awakened "it," and traces of "it" remained on me. She said that all my combat training would be useful in the future.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what is "it"? What did you awaken?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' She never explained that, but my guess is that it's related to a dream I saw when I had just fallen into that abyss.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' In my dream, I was in the deepest depths of the sea, and the boundless seabed was all around me. But in front of me appeared [[All-Devouring Narwhal|a whale]] that was so massive I felt like I couldn't breathe.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A whale? Oh, that sounds familiar... When we fought against you before, you summoned a huge whale that seemed to leap at us! Is that the one?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hehe, that's just an abstract form of a whale that I create using my elemental powers.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It takes that shape because the scene I dreamt of the whale has always been stuck in my mind. I'll never forget it...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you used the whale as inspiration for one of your moves? Huh... Seems a little twisted to Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} It's very possible that...
:{{DIcon}} The power inside you is connected to your incident in the abyss.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So why don't you just go ask your master? Maybe she knows the answer.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You make it sound so easy. Ever since the incident I experienced there, I've never stopped searching for Master Skirk and that unknown abyss.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But it's been years now and I've still found nothing. There isn't even a trace of the place where I remember falling into the abyss.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, it sounds like some kind of ghost story.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Yeah, I'm out of leads at this point, but there's nothing more I can do. It seems that strange encounters in this world tend to be elusive like that.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 22.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, seems the time really flies when I'm talking with you... I just remembered I have somewhere else I need to be, so I should get going.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What, more work for the Northland Bank?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 23.ogg}} '''Childe:''' No, it's more of a personal appointment. Lately, I've been sparring with some of Fontaine's official [[Champion Duelist]]s whenever I'm feeling bored.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Official Champion Duelists? You mean it's their job to duel?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 24.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Yep. In Fontaine, before a criminal goes to court, they're given one chance to defend their honor by requesting a duel with an official Champion Duelist.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 25.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The Champion Duelists are all powerful fighters selected from among the nation's best, and the duel itself is a no holds barred fight with no specified stopping point...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 26.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So engaging in such a duel is regarded as a symbol of defending your honor. If a criminal manages to win the duel, they'll be acquitted, but if they lose, they'll have no choice but to stand trial.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 27.ogg}} '''Childe:''' And the worst case scenario is that you're simply killed in the duel.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 28.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Though it's rumored that Fontaine has a death penalty, from what I can tell, no one has ever been officially sentenced to death.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 29.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So really, the only people who opt to duel are those who have suffered a grave injustice in being accused, or those who greatly value their honor. Otherwise, why gamble with your life?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So do many people actually get out of their trials by winning the duel?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 30.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Apparently it's exceedingly rare for anyone to actually win. Fontaine probably enacted this system as a way to show that the nation respects the honor of its citizens.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 31.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Besides, none of the Champion Duelists are to be trifled with... Which is exactly why I was itching to face them as soon as I got to Fontaine.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 32.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Apparently the one I'm meeting today, [[Clorinde]], is the strongest of the Champion Duelists. I had been asking her for some time before she finally agreed to face me today.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's Childe for ya... Paimon feels like we've heard that name somewhere before. Clorinde, huh...
:{{DIcon}} When we met the Hydro Archon.
:{{DIcon}} I'm terrible at remembering names.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 33.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, before I forget, I want you to have this.
:;(Childe throws a Hydro Vision to the Traveler)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Your Vision! You're seriously just giving it away!?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 34.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm just worried that it could become uncontrollable again. I'd be pretty upset if it got in the way of my duel, so I think I'll be better off without it for now.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 35.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Besides, I just need you to hold onto it for a short while. I'll come retrieve it when I have some time later.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knows what you're up to! You just want an excuse to come talk to us again, don't you?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 tartaglia 36.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, whatever gave you that idea? I'll be in touch, later.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, that sneaky guy... He said he's been feeling down lately, but he seemed the same as ever to Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 4 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, seems we don't have much to do for now... We might as well walk around and see the city before Lyney's performance!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Childe's Vision}})<!--why is it mid-dialogue?--><!--does not actually appear as a pop-up-->
----
:{{Black Screen|Under Paimon's enthusiastic leadership, you walk all around the Court of Fontaine...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, who could have seen that coming!? The reporter who was barely around for most of the story was the murderer all along!
:{{DIcon}} Hey, don't blurt it out, Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} It's rude to spoil the mystery for everyone else.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, sorry... Paimon was just surprised, that's all. Whew, Paimon never saw that twist coming... The murder mystery novels here are amazing!
:{{DIcon}} Never thought I'd see the day when Paimon would enjoy reading...
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any idea how long we were loitering here...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The whodunits here in Fontaine are a lot different than the light novels you see from [[Yae Publishing House]]. Both have their merits, but Paimon thinks this style of novels are more... well, novel!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so exciting to reach the moment when the mystery is uncovered! Especially in the one Paimon was just reading, you should buy a copy and read it, too!
:{{DIcon}} I'm good.
:{{DIcon}} You already spoiled who the murderer is.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, sorry about that... Paimon will be more careful next time.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, shouldn't we be heading to the opera house to see Lyney's performance soon? It's almost time for the show to start, so we should get going.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lyney said that the opera house is on Erinnyes, so let's go ride the aquabus!
----
;(While riding the aquabus)
:(Default dialogue chosen from the first of each set in [[Aquabus#Navia Line|Aquabus Tour Voice-Overs]])
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, now this is fancy! The Opera Epiclese... What a place to hold a performance, no wonder Lyney and Lynette were looking forward to it.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Looks like there's a lot of people standing around the fountain up ahead.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 joliot 01.ogg}} '''Joliot:''' O Archon... please bless us with a bright and healthy child. We pray&mdash;
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 irimia 01.ogg}} '''Irimia:''' ...I don't know why you always feel the need to ask so much... I'll be happy as long as our child is healthy, and lives a peaceful life.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 joliot 02.ogg}} '''Joliot:''' Hehe, I guess if they're our kid, then there's no doubt they'll turn out smart.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe this is one of the customs in Fontaine? There sure are a lot of couples here...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 vigneire 01.ogg}} '''???:''' "[[Vacher]]..."
:{{DIcon}} Huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 vigneire 02.ogg}} '''???:''' "Vacher... Vacher..."
:{{DIcon}} Did you just say something, Paimon?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, Paimon didn't say anything. Are you hearing things?
:{{DIcon}} Strange...
:{{DIcon}} Whose voice was that just now...?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Welcome to the [[Fountain of Lucine]]. All the water flowing through Fontaine converges here. It's customary for newlyweds to come here and wish for children.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waah! Lynette! You scared Paimon! When did you get here?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Lyney asked me to wait here for you, remember?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, right...
:{{DIcon}} By the way, Lynette...
:{{DIcon}} I seemed to hear a faint voice just now.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' What do you mean? There are a lot of people here right now.
:{{DIcon}} It seemed as if...
:{{DIcon}} The voice was coming from the fountain.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Hey, you're not trying to scare Paimon, are you? Besides, it's the middle of the day, it's not the time for eerie things...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 04.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Hmm, I see... I might be able to tell you something that could help explain the voice you heard.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 05.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' In fact, you might not be imagining things at all. I suspect that what you heard is a result of your hypersensitivity to the Hydro element. Others in my family have had similar experiences.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 09b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's because of {{MC|m=his|f=her}} sensitivity to the Hydro element? But what would hearing a voice have to do with elemental power?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 06.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' When do you cry, Paimon?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what? What does that have to do with anything?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 07.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Just answer me. When do you cry?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, when Paimon's really sad... Oh, and when Paimon's super happy. Oh, and also when Paimon's really, really scared.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 08.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Then you should understand that tears... contain your most intense emotions.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 09.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Like I just mentioned, the Fountain of Lucine is where all the flowing water in Fontaine converges. Even the tears that fall to the ground will eventually gather here.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 10.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' So maybe what you heard was the intense emotion coming from someone's tears.
:{{DIcon}} Huh, that's an interesting explanation.
:{{DIcon}} (I'm not sure whether I buy it, though...)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what did the voice say?
:{{DIcon}} It seemed to be calling out someone's name.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, if you were hearing their emotions, then Paimon wonders what happened to them.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 11.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Rather than worrying about them, we should worry about my brother first.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 lynette 12.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Don't let that calm look of his fool you, he tends to get pretty nervous just before a performance. So chatting with Lyney might help him relax a little before he goes on stage.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right, that makes sense. Let's go in and see Lyney!
----
;(Enter the Opera Epiclese)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah, {{Traveler}} and Paimon, good to see you. I knew you two would come.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you kidding? We wouldn't miss it for the world. We've been looking forward to it!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hehe. I can tell, judging by how early you've arrived.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But you're actually right on time. The audience still hasn't started entering the venue yet, which means now is the perfect chance for us to take you to the best seats in the house. Wait just a moment, I'll fetch the tickets.
:;(Lyney goes to get the tickets)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The opera house has assigned seating, so you always have to make reservations. I've already reserved your seats, and here are your tickets.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Front row seats! Thanks, Lyney!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Don't mention it, there's no need to keep thanking me...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 cowell 01.ogg}} '''Cowell:''' Hey, Lyney! Could you come over here and take a look at this?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, I'll be right there. Seems there's an issue with the stage props over there. That's [[Cowell]], my assistant, calling me. I'll go lend him a hand.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} Best get busy.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we'll just go to our seats. You go ahead, Lyney.

;(Approach the seats)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, these should be our seats. C'mon, let's sit down.
:'''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh...
:'''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}... Maybe we should strike up a conversation with the person next to us? Since we're sitting together and the rest of the place is practically empty still, it's kinda awkward if we don't say anything.
:{{DIcon}} You're up, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that usually your job?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You little... Of course you put this on Paimon...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Excuse me, I did not realize you felt awkward. I am terribly sorry.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I would be perfectly happy to chat with you if that's what you would like.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... uh... So you heard all of that, did ya? Boy, you sure have good ears, Paimon thought she was keeping her voice down.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Wait, that's not it, Paimon's sorry! Um, Paimon's the one who was being rude talking under her breath like that. Uh, so let's talk, but... uh... what should we talk about?
:{{DIcon}} (This is getting even more awkward...)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Oh, Paimon's got it! You're also here early and sitting in the front. Are you a friend of Lyney's, too?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''???:''' A... friend, you say? Well, if Mr. Lyney would like to be my friend, I would be more than happy to reciprocate.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you're not friends with Lyney, then... Whew, this is getting more awkward by the second. Ah, Paimon nearly forgot to make our introduction...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice to meet you, Paimon is Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}. We just arrived in Fontaine.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''???:''' It is an honor to meet you two. I have heard of your deeds across Teyvat.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''???:''' And as required by proper etiquette, I will also introduce myself. I am...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, Monsieur [[Neuvillette]]! What an honor it is to have you here to see my show!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, Mr. Lyney. I should say it is in fact an honor for me to see your performance in person.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Neuvillette? Could he be...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hmm? I saw you all chatting just now, but it seems you still don't know who Monsieur Neuvillette is.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Allow me to introduce you to Fontaine's {{Rubi|Chief Justice|Iudex}}. That seat is always reserved for him. It wouldn't be too much to say that he's the symbol of justice and honesty here in Fontaine.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Sorry for being so rude just now. Paimon had no idea you were such an important person...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' No offense taken. Being {{Rubi|Chief Justice|Iudex}} is merely what I do for work. Nearly every person has their usual reserved seat, so I am not so special, really.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And by the way, I should probably let you know, even though I would prefer not to...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' There's someone sitting up there in the VIP seats that has been striking a pose for quite a while now...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I believe she's trying to give you a most elegant and impressive first impression.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' So I think you should take notice of her sooner rather than later, otherwise she may become flustered.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hehehehe...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh, it's [[Furina]], the Hydro Archon. She sure has a smug and satisfied look on her face. Guess she has no idea that you saw right through her act.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Very good, that is for the best. No need to pay her any more attention, we may now enjoy the show.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, so is this what things are like between the Chief Justice and the Hydro Archon?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Alright, please wait just a moment longer. I've pretty much finished my preparations and the performance will start as soon as the audience has made their way to their seats.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, the show's finally about to start. Ooh, Paimon can hardly wait! Paimon's never seen a real live magic show before!
:{{Black Screen|The crowds enter the venue, and the curtains open for the show to begin...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! They're dimming the lights, the show must be starting!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... sorry. Paimon will try to stay quiet, hehe.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Welcome, one and all, to the Opera Epiclese! I am the star of today's show, Lyney!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' And over here is my sister, Lynette, who will be working as my wonderful assistant. Please, let's give her a warm welcome!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Hello, everyone.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Haha, I know she may seem to be a little sleepy right now, but that's just a sign that she's nervous.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Whatever.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Now, some of you may be thinking: Two Vision holders who can freely manipulate elemental powers performing magic is not true magic at all.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' So, I would like to take a moment to assure you that elemental powers will have nothing to do with what you will witness on the stage today.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Both Lynette and myself have removed our Visions for the show. That way, even the gods won't be able to help us.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, good point. That's what makes the show real magic!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 11.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Now, without further ado, let the show begin! Lynette will now exit the stage to make some preparations.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I know you might miss her, but don't worry, she'll be coming right back on stage momentarily... Perhaps in an unexpected way. I'm sure she'll be stealing the spotlight soon enough.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, and before I forget... There's one more thing I should say.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 9 lyney 14.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You never know what can happen in the blink of an eye.
;(A cinematic plays)
::'''Lyney:''' A magician's greatest skill
::'''Lyney:''' Is making things disappear
::'''Lyney:''' Or appear
::'''Lyney:''' The possibilities are endless
:;(Lyney takes off his hat, shows that it is empty, and makes it hover in the air)
:;(He taps the hat making playing cards fall out, and summons a [[White Pigeon]] as he puts it back on)
::'''Lyney:''' But this isn't what you came for
::'''Lyney:''' These little tricks? You've seen them all before
::'''Lyney:''' So it's time for something truly extraordinary
::'''Lyney:''' Don't you think?
::'''Lyney:''' This one's a little tricky
:;(He summons another White Pigeon from his hands and it flies towards the ceiling)
:;(A water tank descends from the ceiling, with Lynette sitting on the top)
::'''Lyney:''' Using this water tank
::'''Lyney:''' I shall make my sister vanish completely
::'''Lyney:''' Right before your very eyes
:;(Lynette jumps into the tank and waves from inside)
::'''Lyney:''' It's actually quite simple
::'''Lyney:''' She'll just turn into air bubbles
::'''Lyney:''' And float right out of the top...
:;(The lid closes and locks shut. Lynette tries to open the lid from the inside)
::'''Lyney:''' Oh no
::'''Lyney:''' I told them to check all the props carefully
::'''Lyney:''' With the lid on
::'''Lyney:''' Even air can't escape...
::'''Lyney:''' An amateur magician would be getting
::'''Lyney:''' Very nervous right around now
::'''Lyney:''' Hehe
::'''Lyney:''' Luckily it's me on stage!
::'''Lyney:''' So let me show you what a true virtuoso can do
:;(Lyney snaps and a stream of bubbles clouds the water tank)
:;(Lynette disappears, leaving only her dress floating in the water)
::'''Lyney:''' Lynette
::'''Lyney:''' Are you still there?
::'''Lyney:''' Don't go too far
::'''Lyney:''' We don't wanna use up all our magic
::'''Lynette:''' Hi
::'''Lynette:''' I'm back
:;(Lynette reappears on stage)
:;(The crowd applauds and the duo bow)
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! What in the world just happened!? How did he do that!? Paimon didn't see him do anything!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wasn't Lynette inside the water tank? How did she disappear and then reappear out of nowhere!?
:{{DIcon}} What a show!
:{{DIcon}} No wonder he's a famous magician.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If we could see easily see through his tricks, then that would mean that his skills are lacking.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' To appreciate magic, you should focus on the show happening on stage rather than getting caught up in trying to see that which has been intentionally hidden.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, guess you're right. Paimon couldn't believe her eyes when Lynette reappeared. Amazing!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Thank you, thank you, everyone. I'm glad you enjoyed that performance...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But our magical journey has only just begun. I've prepared even more astonishing surprises for everyone here.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The magic of transformation and disappearance can go far beyond what you've just seen.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm sure many of you are thinking that escaping the water tank was impressive enough, but Lynette is still my assistant, after all.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' In which case, I have ample time to make all necessary preparations.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' So for my next trick, I will require the participation of one lucky audience member.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Please, if my assistants could bring out the magical boxes now...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' There are two boxes, and only two boxes. One is here, and one is there in the aisle among the audience.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm sure many of our clever audience members have already guessed our next magic trick. A swap!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Our lucky audience member and I will each enter a magic box. After one minute, we will each emerge from the opposite box.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 11.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Now please, everyone pay very close attention to the box you see here. Don't give me any chance to make a move!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! How's he gonna do this?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, do think this is all magic tricks, or does Lyney have actual superpowers?
:{{DIcon}} Let's watch and see.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure we can spot how he does it...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The lucky audience member will be generated by this random number selector.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It selects numbers entirely at random. Even I don't know who will be chosen to participate.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 14.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Now then, let's begin.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 15.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah, let me see... row seven, seat three. Congratulations! You now have the chance to experience magic firsthand for an entire minute!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 16.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Please, come forward. My assistant will take you beside the magic box.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 17.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm sorry, it might be a little cramped inside, but no need to feel nervous. We've carefully arranged everything for you to be as comfortable as possible.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 18.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You don't need to do anything. But no matter what strange things may happen, don't come out of the box.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 19.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' If the magic is interrupted, who knows where you might end up? You might even find yourself in the [[Fortress of Meropide]].
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lilian 01.ogg}} '''Audience:''' Oh, okay...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 20.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Alright, before I enter the magic box, there is one more thing I need to ask the audience to do. Could you all give me a countdown?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 21.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Like this... Sixty, fifty-nine, fifty-eight... Just keep counting down. You can go a little faster or slower if you like.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 22.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I won't be able to see anything in the pitch-black box, so I'll be relying on your voices to know when time is up.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 23.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, and no tricks now. If you quickly count from sixty in just thirty seconds, then I'll be in a tough spot.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon kinda wants to count faster after hearing him say that, hehe...
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure Lyney's prepared.
:{{DIcon}} With the whole crowd counting together, you couldn't even if you wanted to.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 24.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' No, no, that won't do... I can see it in your eyes, you still can't be trusted! Let's practice together.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 25.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Come on, repeat after me. Sixty, fifty-nine, fifty-eight...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 audience 01.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Sixty, fifty-nine, fifty-eight...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 26.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' That's right, perfect! Keep it going! Alright, I'll see you all on the other side once you've finished counting.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fifty-four, fifty-three, fifty-two...!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why aren't you counting, Neuvillette?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I'm counting in my head. I think things are exciting enough in here as it is.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Merely a consequence of my identity and personality. Do not worry about me. Just enjoy the show.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, alright. You looked so serious that Paimon thought you might be feeling uncomfortable or something.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 audience 02.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Forty, thirty-nine, thirty-eight!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 garrick 01.ogg}} '''Garrick:''' Mr. Lyney, are you all right in there? Is everything ready?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 27.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Yes, I'm fine, I'm fine... I'm just double checking the direction of the magic.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 28.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It would be a disaster if we get sent to the wrong places, for example, mid-air right above the audience.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though he's saying that, Lyney doesn't seem nervous at all.
:{{DIcon}} I think it's all part of the show.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's just supremely confident in his abilities.
:'''???:''' BANG!!!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What was that noise? Did you hear it, too?
:{{DIcon}} Did it come from the stage?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it was just to divert our attention.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not sure... Anyway, it doesn't seem like anyone's worried about it.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 audience 03.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Twenty-five, twenty-four, twenty-three!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 garrick 02.ogg}} '''Garrick:''' What's wrong, Mr. Lyney? I can still hear you moving in there.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 29.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I seem to have accidentally knocked over a decoration. I'm trying to fix it, but it's pitch black in here, I can't tell left from right.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 garrick 03.ogg}} '''Garrick:''' Never mind the decorations, there's no time for that. The show is what's important.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 30.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' No, that's unacceptable, I want my show to be perfect. Don't worry, we still have twenty seconds. Hear them counting?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 audience 04.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Nineteen, eighteen, seventeen!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 31.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah, it seems things aren't quite going as planned. I apologize, everyone.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 32.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It feels like you're all starting to count faster, but that's alright. I know it can be tiring to do such a long countdown.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 10 lyney 33.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ten seconds and change is still plenty of time.
;(A cinematic plays)
:;(The crowd counts down from nine)
::'''Lyney:''' Almost there now...
::'''Lyney:''' Whew
::'''Lyney:''' Swapping two people
::'''Lyney:''' Is harder work than you might think
::'''Lyney:''' Even a master magician like me
::'''Lyney:''' Can't guarantee I'll get it right the first time...
::'''Lyney:''' Hey, wait! Is this the back one?
::'''Lyney:''' I can't tell
::'''Lyney:''' They both look the same inside!
:;([[Garrick]] knocks on the box on-stage)
::'''Lyney:''' Huh? Nope, that's not it
::'''Lyney:''' I'll try again...
:;(The crowd laughs and continues to count down from seven)
::'''Lyney:''' Hey, slow down! Honestly...
:;(Lyney bursts out from the box on stage)
::'''Lyney:''' Uh... Whoops! That doesn't count!
:;(Garrick closes the doors to the box again)
:;(The crowd counts down to zero and the spotlight on the box off-stage turns on)
:;(The crowd gets up to look and applauds when they see Lyney appear)
:;(Lyney points at the box on the stage and stage pyrotechnics turn on)
:;(Garrick bows and begins to walk away from the box)
:;(The water tank falls onto the box, both shattering, and water from the tank floods the stage)
:;(The crowd screams and panics)
::'''Paimon:''' What happened!?
:;(An arm sticks out of the rubble and a red stage assistant mask floats out)
:;(Lyney looks on in shock)
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 audiencea 01.ogg}} '''Excited Audience Member:''' Is this... part of the show?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 audiencea 02.ogg}} '''Excited Audience Member:''' Mr. Lyney, you're going to use magic to fix the stage now, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' What happened...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, maybe this isn't part of the show... The girl was still in that box, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This performance is over! Medical staff, with me. [[Garde]]s, secure the scene and detain all the performers. Seal the exits, no one is allowed in or out at this time!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Yes, th&mdash;that's right! If this was just an accident, then we must investigate the cause. But if this was all part of some scheme, then... then those accountable will not escape the judgment of the God of Justice!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' No need to be alarmed, you two. We'll get to the bottom of this soon enough.
:{{Black Screen|After some time, the Gardes complete their investigation.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Unfortunately, the person who was in the magic box has been pronounced dead. His name was Cowell, one of the assistants in Lyney's magic troupe.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Apparently, the fireworks on stage ignited the ropes that were suspending the water tank, which then caused the tank to fall onto the stage.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' As of now, we are still not sure why we found Cowell in the box rather than the guest from the audience.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And after an initial search of the area, the Gardes have confirmed that the girl is nowhere to be found.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It appears that this incident was not merely some mishap with the performance.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And there are many indications that it is connected with the case of the serial disappearances of young women.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 audienceb 01.ogg}} '''Surprised Audience Member:''' Th&mdash;The serial disappearances case!?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, that's the case that Charlotte mentioned before!
:{{DIcon}} And to pull it off like this...
:{{DIcon}} In front of an audience including the Archon and Chief Justice.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hehe. I know, I know the truth! I can see through the whole thing... Really, using such a shallow and obvious mystery as his "finale"... Did he really underestimate us that badly?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I say that our powerful magician, Mr. Lyney, is now the prime suspect for the serial disappearances case.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Huh, but why me? This whole thing was an accident!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' This all occurred during your magic show, did it not? The missing girl disappeared after being chosen, did she not? The deceased is one of your assistants, is he not?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Now that I think about it, that whole speech about magicians making things disappear was nothing more than a provocation, a bald-faced challenge!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That can't be right... How could Lyney do this?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He was in the box on stage the entire time. We could even hear his voice.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, before the show he told us that he would like to catch the criminal behind the disappearances. He couldn't possibly mean catching himself!
:{{DIcon}} He's a suspect at most.
:{{DIcon}} It's hard to believe all this happened during the show.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Save discussion for a later time, please. Lady Furina, may I assume that your comments just now constitute an accusation against Mr. Lyney and his associates and that you are pressing charges?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Huh? I just think that he... Well, I, ah, think it might be a little early to talk about formally pressing charges...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 audiencea 03.ogg}} '''Excited Audience Member:''' But what Lady Furina said just now makes perfect sense! Looks like she's gonna personally deliver justice!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 audienceb 02.ogg}} '''Admiring Audience Member:''' A kidnapping and murder carried out under the cover of a magic show. Lady Furina said it all.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' *cough* Ahem, uh... I mean... of course, my dear people! But what excites me even more than the obvious truth before our eyes... is the opponent I'll be facing.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' That's right, I mean you, Traveler. You'll support Lyney, won't you? After all, he was the one who helped you the first time we met.
:{{DIcon}} I trust Lyney.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 10.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Haha, then there's no problem at all. You know, the Traveler and I already had a duel the first time we met.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 11a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 11b.ogg}}--> '''Furina:''' But with Lyney's help, our little duel ended in a draw! Hehe... But draws really are the most boring possible outcome...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 12.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So no more draws! Between the two of us, there must be a clear winner and loser. And what better place to hold such a riveting showdown and decide the true victor than here, on the grandest of stages, the Opera Epiclese!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It wasn't a draw, she obviously lost last time...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I understand. Charges have now been pressed, and as such, a trial is in order.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Well, {{Traveler}}, seems Lady Furina has set you in her sights. But, putting her dramatic rhetoric aside for a moment, I would like to ask you...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Are you willing to act as Mr. Lyney's attorney and defend him in this case?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I am.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Very well. The trial will be held a day from now in the opera house. Both sides may investigate the scene to build their cases and search for the truth.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Lyney and his troupe are all potential suspects and shall remain within the opera house.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The audience may begin to leave in an orderly fashion once they have been cleared by the Gardes.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 furina 13.ogg}} '''Furina:''' A day isn't that long. Let's see what kind of case this big-shot outlander can build in such a short amount of time. Hehehe, I'm really quite looking forward to hearing it.
----
:{{Black Screen|Everyone is dismissed and the audience begins to leave along with Furina and Neuvillette.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lyney!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Sorry about everything that happened just now, were you frightened?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course, who wouldn't be scared after witnessing an accident like that?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Yeah, I'm a little shaken up myself... How could this happen? And poor Cowell...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I know you already claimed that you would defend me, but now it's just us talking... Tell me, do you think I could possibly be the murderer?
:{{DIcon}} No.
::{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 06a 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Good to hear... Thank you so much for trusting me.
:{{DIcon}} It's hard to say...
::{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 06b 1.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I understand. Even I'm not sure what happened, so I can only imagine how difficult it is for you to grasp the situation.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm sure everyone sees me as the biggest suspect at this point. But if you ask me, the whole things is mysteries layered upon mysteries, such that all that's left is confusion.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I don't know whether what happened there on the stage was purely an accident or not... and I don't know why poor Cowell was in the box.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' As for how that girl chosen from the audience could suddenly disappear, I'm afraid I don't have any answers, either. If someone tampered with my performance, then we need to figure out what they did.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Even a skilled and knowledgeable magician like myself couldn't pull all that off in just one minute.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, it is very strange.
:{{DIcon}} But there's no denying what happened.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Which is precisely why we need to investigate. As this book says, "The impossible could not have happened. Whatever happened must have been that which is possible."
:{{DIcon}} Where did you get those glasses?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon bought them when we were reading at the bookshop in the city earlier. Pretty cool, huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Paimon used her own savings to buy them. It wasn't from our travel funds.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' I think they look cute on you, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You have good taste, Lynette. Hehe!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 11.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Haha, that's the right attitude. Feeling depressed isn't going to help me now, I need to get back to my normal self.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But with the Gardes watching our every move, it's going to be especially difficult for Lynette and I to prove our own innocence.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Good thing you agreed to be our attorneys, thanks for that. We'll be counting on you.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Yes, thank you so much.
:{{DIcon}} I won't let you down.
:{{DIcon}} I'm used to this sort of thing.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, just leave it to us!
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, since we're going to start investigating, Paimon has a question first. Where did Lynette go during the performance?
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 14.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah, well... I'm afraid that would involve some of our essential trade secrets as magicians...
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' The secrets behind our magic are past saving, Lyney.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 15.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I suppose you're right. The truth behind our tricks is going to be important evidence that will be weighed during the trial.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 16.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah! 'Tis truly a pity. As a magician, our magic show is a work of art. We've poured countless hours and spared no effort in perfecting it.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 17.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But if revealing our secrets will help you uncover the truth behind what happened, then it will be well worth it.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 lyney 18.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' We should go somewhere else if we're going to discuss our magic tricks. We'll go speak with the Gardes, and in the meantime, you can go investigate the stage and the seating areas.
:{{A|vo fdaq002 11 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's go have a look while the investigation teams are still here. Detective Paimon is on the case!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The City of Rains and Remembrance
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Xy Junlin zh Chng
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Xy Junlin zh Chng
|zh_tl   = The City Longed For by Light Rain
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Kirisame ni Kenren Sareru Machi
|ja_tl   = The City Longed For by Light Rain
|ko      =   <-> 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La ciudad de la lluvia y la aoranza
|es_tl   = The City of Rain and Yearning
|fr      = La ville des pluies et des souvenirs
|fr_tl   = The City of Rains and Memories
|ru      =    
|ru_tl   = The City of Rains and Remembrance
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thnh Ph Ca Ma V K Nim
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die in Regen gehllte Stadt
|de_tl   = The City Wrapped in Rain
|id      = Kota Hujan dan Peringatan
|id_tl   = The City of Rains and Remembrance
|pt      = A Cidade da Chuva e Recordaes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yamurlar ve Hatralar ehri
|tr_tl   = City of Rains and Memories
|it      = La citt della pioggia e della memoria
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[es:La ciudad de la lluvia y la aoranza]]
[[ja:]]
[[vi:Thnh Ph Ca Ma V K Nim]]