{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73702
|title         = The Recollector's Path
|image         = Event Quest The Recollector's Path Part 6.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Recollector's Path
|characters    = Paimon; Sorush; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Vourukasha Oasis]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Realm of Farakhkert
|subarea       = Vourukasha Oasis
|prev          = The Recollector's Path (Part 5)
|rewards       = Primogem*10;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
}}
'''''The Recollector's Path''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Recollector's Path]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Zurvan
# Head to the specified location and complete the trial
# Talk to Sorush

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Is the post-trial text different inf the world quest series has been completed?}}
{{Quest Description|The training is approaching its conclusion. Zurvan's approval is but a step away...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Zurvan)
:'''Zurvan:''' You look much happier than when last we spoke. Seems things have gone well?
:'''Sorush:''' Hmm. From what I've learned doing these tasks, I have grown. For now...
:'''Zurvan:''' You are worthy of being called Bloomguard?
:'''Sorush:''' No... not yet. There is still a final portion of the task that I need to complete.
:'''Sorush:''' Until all the tasks are done, until your respect is earned, I am not finished. Only then can the "Twin-Horned Chaplet" truly belong to me.
:'''Zurvan:''' Oh? Looks like you're actually beyond your rebellious phase after all, just as was claimed.
:'''Sorush:''' E&mdash;Elder, you... still remember that? Forget, I beg of you!
:'''Zurvan:''' Haha. Regardless, it's good to see that your spirits have returned.
:'''Zurvan:''' {{Traveler}}. Paimon. Please be witnesses to the truth of whether Sorush is worthy of the Twin-Horned Chaplet.
:'''Zurvan:''' Then I will await you at the end. See you soon.
----
;(After completing the two trials)
:'''Sorush:''' The Tunigi Hollow... this was the epicenter of the disaster. Though all seems calm...
:{{DIcon}} It's not hard to think of how things were then.
:'''Paimon:''' These crystals are huge... A lot bigger than even Wenut! And to think it's Sorush's responsibility to handle future problems here...
:'''Zurvan:''' Is this not the most essential duty a Bloomguard should uphold? In addition, Sorush should also expect this of herself.
:'''Paimon:''' That's what they say, anyway...
:'''Sorush:''' Do you not trust me? Hmph. I did not realize I was at the stage that even the Pale Floater thinks so little of me.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, Sorush's arrogance makes its grand return!
:{{DIcon}} Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. Why do both of you still harbor such doubt in me after our time together? My pride has never been born of blind arrogance.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmm. You should be well aware that I fully understand my past mistakes.
:'''Sorush:''' Before, I placed reputation above action, but now, as I have learned, this is an act of purest neglect.
:'''Sorush:''' Just as Simurgh became the divine bird through her sacrifice, I will become the Bloomguard by my deeds and hear my name rightfully sung in praise of my service.
:'''Sorush:''' Additionally, I have completed all the assignments you have given me, Elder. Now, even you must admit that I am one worthy of the title of Bloomguard, worthy of the Twin-Horned Chaplet.
:'''Zurvan:''' I indeed have no objection to the choice made by the Khvarena.
:'''Sorush:''' ...Hm?
:'''Zurvan:''' What? Did you expect me to object?
:'''Sorush:''' No... I merely... did not expect you to agree so easily, Elder...
:{{DIcon}} I expected a few rough words at least?
:'''Zurvan:''' Ah, I'm not nearly so vicious.
:'''Sorush:''' About the responsibilities of a Bloomguard... I did not actually gain any knowledge from the Chaplet...
:'''Sorush:''' Is this because I still do not embody the traits of the Bloomguard fully? Do I still lack training?
:'''Zurvan:''' For this... The title of Bloomguard might be inherited, but the duties are always variable...
:'''Sorush:''' I see.
:'''Zurvan:''' To state it simply: there are no fixed rules, and even more, there are no specific judging standards. Usually, the Khvarena's choice is final.
:'''Sorush:''' Huh? So, you're saying...
:'''Zurvan:''' I will not be taking the Twin-Horned Chaplet from you.
:{{DIcon}} Now you don't need to worry about the top of your head getting cold.
::'''Paimon:''' Missing the point!
:{{DIcon}} Will not, or can not.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, as Zurvan said herself, the Khvarena's choice is final. That means that Zurvan can't change it either, right?
::'''Zurvan:''' Oh, ho ho... You really think so?
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa... That's a little scary...
:'''Sorush:''' I understand! This must be part of the test!
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like Sorush is having an epiphany...
:'''Sorush:''' You are a forgetful one, Pale Floater. I just said it! To pass these tests, besides competence and observation, the most important thing is understanding my past mistakes.
:'''Sorush:''' Even if the outcome was already determined, would it not be retreading the path of folly if I cast aside all that I have learned during training? So, I think this must be the last test my elder has left me.
:'''Sorush:''' To a worthy Bloomguard this is but a simple task. This is a sign of your complete trust in me, Elder.
:'''Zurvan:''' I didn't expect you to see right through me. The Khvarena chose well.
:'''Zurvan:''' But your changes... I suppose {{Traveler}} and Paimon bear some credit for that.
:'''Sorush:''' Indeed! My esteemed Yasnapati and the Pale Floater are both beings of merit.
:'''Sorush:''' Though I wish to say that I am potent enough alone... I believe that with their aid, the extinguishing of the Sign of Apaosha will be no difficult task.
:'''Zurvan:''' How very reliable. Don't forget, Mihir and Rashnu will also be able to assist you.
:'''Sorush:''' Worry not, Elder! Leave everything to me!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon keeps thinking that Zurvan might have planned this... But seeing Sorush this happy, Paimon can't really complain.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=The Recollector's Path}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Jornada das Infindáveis Memórias (Parte 6)]]