{{Event
|name              = The Timbre of Timber
|image             = The Timbre of Timber.png
|type              = Web
|group             = OST Review
|group2            = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-10-21 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-11-03 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/12830295
}}
{{Description|Drizzling rain and flying sand envelop an ancient nation<br>The light of wisdom emerges from the dancing notes}}
'''The Timbre of Timber''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.1]].

==Event Duration==
October 21 – November 3 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate==
You can participate in the event by posting reviews and appreciation comments for the Sumeru OST "Forest of Jnana and Vidya" in the comments section of [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/12830295 this event post].

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize (1 winner): Primogems ×3,000
* Second Prize (3 winners): Primogems ×1,000
* Third Prize (5 winners): Primogems ×500
* Participation Prize (quantity not fixed): Avatar Frame

==Notes==
# The publishing of content that violates laws, regulations, and community rules is prohibited.
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# This event will be evaluated based on the submission's content, comments, likes, and other factors.
# The list of winners will be announced within 10 business days after the event ends. Travelers, please pay attention to the official announcements in time, and submit the winner information within 10 business days. Failure to submit the information in time will result in the forfeiture of your reward. After the information has been collected, the prizes will be delivered via mail. Thank you for your patience, Travelers!
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Timbre of Timber
|zhs     = 茂林之声
|zhs_rm  = Màolín zhī Shēng
|zht     = 茂林之聲
|zht_rm  = Màolín zhī Shēng
|zh_tl   = The Sound of the Lush Forest
|ja      = 生い茂る森の声
|ja_rm   = Oishigeru Mori no Koe
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 무성한 숲의 소리
|ko_rm   = Museonghan Sup-ui Sori
|ko_tl   = The Sound of the Thick Forest
|es      = Sonidos del bosque
|es_tl   = Sounds of the Forest
|fr      = Voix de la luxuriance
|fr_tl   = Voice of Luxuriance
|ru      = Отголоски леса
|ru_tl   = Echoes of Forest
|th      = เสียงขับขานแห่งพนาวัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Âm Thanh Rừng Rậm / Âm Thanh Của Rừng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Klangfarben des Holzes
|de_tl   = Timbres of Timber
|id      = The Timbre of Timber
|pt      = Repercussões Florestais
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[pt-br:Repercussões Florestais]]