{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Prologue Act I.png
|type           = Archon
|chapter        = Prologue
|actNum         = I
|region         = Mondstadt
|next           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|archonQuestReq = [[Wanderer's Trail]]
|rep            = Mondstadt
|repAmt         = 100
|repOrder       = 101
}}
'''The Outlander Who Caught the Wind''' is the first act in the [[Prologue]] chapter of the [[Archon Quest]]s.

In conjunction with the {{Quest|Wanderer's Trail}}, it serves as a tutorial level for movement and combat, and introduces some of the main characters.

==Quests==
# [[Bird's Eye View]]
# [[Unexpected Power]]
# [[Forest Rendezvous]]
# [[Wind-Riding Knight]]
# [[Going Upon the Breeze]]
# [[City of Freedom]]
# [[Dragon Storm]]
# [[Knights of Favonius (Quest)|Knights of Favonius]]
# ''The following quests can be completed in any order:''
#* [[Winds of the Past]] ([[Amber]])
#* [[Crash Course]] ([[Kaeya]])
#* [[Sparks Amongst the Pages]] ([[Lisa]])

==Summary==
During their travels across the worlds, the [[Traveler]] and their [[Traveler's Sibling|twin sibling]] are confronted by an [[Unknown God|unknown entity]] as they were about to depart. In the ensuing battle, the unknown entity seals off the sibling, before doing the same to the Traveler, sealing their powers and putting both of them in Teyvat.

The Traveler eventually wakes up after an undisclosed amount of time and proceeds to wander across Teyvat. The Traveler is around [[Cape Oath]] when they fish out [[Paimon]] from the sea, thus saving her from drowning. Grateful for the rescue, Paimon becomes their travel companion and guide. She suggests they get in contact with [[The Seven]] in order to help the Traveler look for their lost sibling.

Making their way to [[Starfell Lake]], the Traveler touches the Anemo [[Statue of The Seven]] and they spot a [[Dvalin|green dragon]] heading toward a distant forest.

Upon pursuing the dragon, the pair spot both the dragon and [[Venti|a stranger]], the latter trying to calm the dragon down, but a reaction from the Traveler's newfound powers leads to them alerting the dragon to their presence. The stranger also flees, leaving behind a [[Teardrop Crystal|crimson blood colored teardrop crystal]] which the Traveler takes.

Once Paimon and the Traveler leave the forest, the pair are halted by a scout, who introduces herself as the Outrider of the [[Knights of Favonius]], [[Amber]]. Amber offers to escort them to [[Mondstadt]], the City of Freedom, after she deals with a [[Hilichurl]] camp nearby which the Traveler and Paimon assist with.

Impressed by their actions at the camp, Amber gifts them a [[Wind Glider]]. But after a test flight, the dragon that the Traveler and Paimon had previously sighted, dubbed "Stormterror" by the locals, starts rampaging throughout the region and unleashing multiple wind storms in the process. The Traveler, with the aid of the stranger (albeit unaware of his presence) is able to drive Stormterror off.

The confrontation between the Traveler and Stormterror catches the eye of the Cavalry Captain of the Knights of Favonius, [[Kaeya]]; thus he asks the Outlanders to meet the Acting Grandmaster, [[Jean]], at their [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters|primary base of operations]]. Jean asks them to get a handle on the Ley Line disruptions powering Stormterror from three of the Four Winds' Temples, as prescribed by [[Lisa]], the Knights' Librarian.

After dealing with the temples, Paimon suggests that they return to the knights' headquarters to see what they should do next.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|The Outlander Who Caught the Wind|type=Act}}

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=The Outlander Who Caught the Wind}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|zhs     = 捕风的异乡人
|zhs_rm  = Bǔfēng de Yìxiāngrén
|zht     = 捕風的異鄉人
|zht_rm  = Bǔfēng de Yìxiāngrén
|zh_tl   = The Foreigner Who Catches the Wind
|ja      = 風を捕まえる異邦人
|ja_rm   = Kaze wo Tsukamaeru Ihoujin{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Foreigner Who Catches the Wind
|ko      = 바람 잡는 {{tt|이방인|異邦人}}
|ko_rm   = Baram Japneun Ibang'in
|ko_tl   = The Foreigner Who Catches the Wind
|es      = El forastero que atrapó el viento
|es_tl   = The Foreigner Who Caught the Wind
|fr      = Le voyageur qui attrapa le vent
|fr_tl   = The Traveler Who Caught the Wind
|ru      = Чужеземец, поймавший ветер
|ru_tl   = The Foreigner Who Caught the Wind
|th      = คนแปลกหน้าผู้มากับสายลม
|th_rm   = Khon plaek na phu ma kap sailom
|th_tl   = The Stranger Coming With the Wind
|vi      = Người phương xa đuổi theo gió
|vi_tl   = The Foreigner Chasing the Wind
|de      = Der Fremde, der den Wind fing
|de_tl   = The Foreigner Who Caught the Wind
|id      = Pengembara yang Menangkap Angin
|id_tl   = The Traveler Who Caught the Wind
|pt      = O Forasteiro que Voa a Favor do Vento
|pt_tl   = The Outlander Who Flies in Favor of the Wind
|tr      = Rüzgarı Yakalayan Yabancı
|tr_tl   = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|it      = {{MC|m=Lo straniero|f=La straniera}} che catturò il vento
|it_tl   = The Foreigner Who Caught the Wind
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:El forastero que atrapó el viento]]
[[fr:Le voyageur qui attrapa le vent]]
[[id:Pengembara yang Menangkap Angin]]
[[ja:風を捕まえる異邦人]]
[[pl:Obcy, który schwytał wiatr]]
[[pt-br:O Forasteiro que Voa a Favor do Vento]]
[[ru:Чужеземец, поймавший ветер]]
[[th:คนแปลกหน้าผู้มากับสายลม]]
[[tr:Rüzgarı Yakalayan Yabancı]]
[[vi:Người Phương Xa Đuổi Theo Gió]]
[[zh:捕風的異鄉人]]