{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = The Heron's Invitation
|image             = The Heron's Invitation Event.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-07-26 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-08-02 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/603145
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20210726ayaka/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Kamisato Ayaka
}}

{{Description|I have been awaiting our meeting for a long time.}}

'''The Heron's Invitation''' is a web [[event]] in [[Version 2.0]].

[https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20210726ayaka/index.html >>Go to "The Heron's Invitation" Web Event Page<<]

==Event Details==
===Event Duration===
2021/7/26 – 2021/8/2 23:59 (UTC+8)

*Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

===Eligibility===
Adventure Rank 10 or above

===Event Details===
# During the event, collect six gifts of the highest quality and give them to Kamisato Ayaka to obtain in-game rewards.
# Travelers can buy gifts from four different shops. There are six kinds of gifts, and each item has three different quality levels.
# During the event, the quality of the gifts in each shop is updated every two minutes. Select "Chat with Customers" to refresh the gift quality directly. You can do this up to 10 times for each shop.

===In-Game Rewards===
Once the gifts are given to Kamisato Ayaka, you can claim in-game rewards such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.

===Event Notes===
# Please log into your miHoYo account and select the appropriate server and corresponding character to take part in the event and ensure that you will be able to receive and claim your rewards.
# The amount of conversations you can have resets at 00:00 every day (Server Time), and can only be used on the same day. If you do not log in or use up your attempts, they will not carry over to the next day.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time. During the event, collect gifts and give them to Kamisato Ayaka for in-game rewards!

==Event Inventory==
The inventory will show the highest quality items you have purchased for each type: Kimono, Fabric, Tricolor Dango, Tuna Sushi, Mask, and Tachi.

For example, if you already have "Luxurious Mask" in your inventory and you purchase "Ordinary Mask," it will not be added to your inventory. The inventory will still contain "Luxurious Mask."

==Event Rewards==
In order to claim the event rewards, you must have these items in your event inventory: Luxurious Kimono, Luxurious Fabric, Delicious Tricolor Dango, Delicious Tuna Sushi, Luxurious Mask, and Luxurious Tachi.

{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Mora|20000}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Fragment|3}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = The Heron's Invitation
|zhs     = 白鹭之约
|zhs_rm  = Báilù zhī Yuē
|zht     = 白鷺之約
|zht_rm  = Báilù zhī Yuē
|ja      = 白鷺の招き
|ja_rm   = Shirasagi no Maneki{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 백로의 약속
|ko_rm   = Baek'ro-ui Yaksok
|es      = Invitación de la garza
|fr      = L'invitation du héron
|ru      = Встреча с белой цаплей
|th      = สัญญากระเรียนขาว
|th_rm   = Sanya Krarian Khao
|vi      = Giao Ước Bạch Hạc
|de      = Einladung des weißen Reihers
|id      = Undangan Sang Bangau Putih
|pt      = Promessa da Garça
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Invitación de la garza]]
[[fr:L'Invitation du Héron]]
[[pt-br:Promessa da Garça]]
[[ru:Встреча с белой цаплей]]