{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01019
|image         = Archon Quest The Unexpected Guest.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Interlude Chapter
|actNum        = II
|act           = Perilous Trail
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 28 and complete all of the following quests:
* [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]]
* [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]]
* [[Taurus Iracundus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Rise Up, Golden Soul]]
* [[Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?]]
* [[A Teapot to Call Home: Part I]]
|characters    = Arataki Itto; Kuki Shinobu; Traveler; Paimon; Xiao; Yanfei; Yelan
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|next          = Chasmic Maze
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Mora*22,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|I|2|1}}

==Steps==
# Go to the lower levels of [[The Chasm: Underground Mines|The Chasm]]
# Talk to [[Yanfei]]
# Go deeper within The Chasm
# Discuss matters with everyone
# Go to where [[Yelan]] is

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Concerned about the situation down in The Chasm, you and Paimon decide to go investigate, only to run into someone altogether unexpected there...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon logging in or completing the requisite quests)
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Traveler, remember that pit at the bottom of The Chasm? You know, the one that the giant pillar smashed into.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon took a quick peek before we left last time... There was some kind of light coming from inside. Don't you think that's a little strange?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you've been wondering about that too, huh? Now that we have some time on our hands, let's go and take another look.

;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... Well, this place is just as creepy as Paimon remembers it. If it wasn't for our little investigation, Paimon wouldn't ever come anywhere near this place.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Hey look, there's someone over there!

;(Approach Yanfei)
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh? {{Traveler}} and Paimon? I didn't expect to see you two here.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yanfei? Shouldn't you be at work in [[Liyue Harbor]]? What are you doing out in the middle of nowhere?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Well, to be perfectly honest, this case is a little out of the ordinary... In fact, this is the first time I've ever witnessed the bottom of The Chasm.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh, but before I forget! Could you do me a favor, please? If anyone happens to ask about me or my present whereabouts, just tell them you haven't seen me!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What are you talking about?
:{{DIcon}} Yanfei, you didn't...
:{{DIcon}} Do something illegal, did you...?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' No, no, it's not like that. Look, it's quite a long story.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' So if you could, please just cover for me. I'll see you later.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! And there she goes... Huh, what in Teyvat was that all about? Paimon's starting to feel nervous all of a sudden...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think she did something illegal and now she's gone into hiding here? *gasp* Or maybe something super scary happened...
:{{DIcon}} Doubt it, Yanfei is a legal adviser, after all.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't be so naive! The world is complicated these days, you know. We should be prepared for the worst, if something really did happen, we might find ourselves becoming her accomplices!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, what a dilemma... Should we really cover for her...?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you are the one that's both naive and complicated...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey! You over there! Yeah, you!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahhh! Someone's coming!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that voice sounds pretty familiar...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha, it's you two. So uh, what are you two doing in a place like this, huh? Wait, don't tell me... you're on vacation!
:{{DIcon}} It's the one and oni Itto.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I must say, you two are lookin' pretty good, things been going your way lately 'cause I have been doing amazing.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Itto, who's that behind you?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hey there, I'm with the [[Arataki Gang]], Kuki Shinobu. Nice to meet you!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahahaha, right, I almost forgot she was back there. Let me introduce you to Shinobu, the pride and joy of the Arataki Gang!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Another member of Itto's gang!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Lemme tell ya, she's one of [[Hanamizaka]]'s best and brightest, so of course she's in the gang. Shinobu takes care of practically everything in the Arataki Gang. She can protect you guys, too, you know.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' A friend of the boss is a friend of mine. You must be {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep yep! Nice to meet you too, Shinobu!
:{{DIcon}} Nice to meet you, Shinobu.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' The pleasure is mine. I have a feeling that we'll be working together soon enough.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, uh, Itto, if she's the one that takes care of everything in the gang, then doesn't that kinda make her the gang's real boss?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Pff, are you kidding!? Of course I'm the boss. To the four corners of Teyvat, there is only one boss of Hanamizaka's legendary Arataki Gang. Me!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, okay Paimon gets the dynamic now. A useless boss with an ultra-capable subordinate...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, you...! Ugh, you know what, forget it. The average person couldn't possibly understand the dynamics of the Arataki Gang. As the leader, I can't let myself stoop down to your level.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anywayyy, have you seen a pink-haired legal... uh, mage lady? Wears a goofy hat, knows everything, kinda short.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Her name's Yanfei, she's a legal adviser from Liyue. I thought perhaps you two would know her.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no... we haven't seen her! We don't know this person at all! Hehe...
:{{DIcon}} Seriously, Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} You let it slip the moment you said "uh-oh."
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aha! So you have seen her.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, no, what gave you that idea!? Paimon didn't say anything!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aww, look at you getting all antsy. Ha! Seems I was able to get to the truth after all.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' When someone is lying, their eyes often start wandering subconsciously.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Anyway, don't worry. I assure you we don't have any ill intentions.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So uh, you guys know Yanfei?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, she uh, kinda saved my life. So yeah, you could say we've met.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's saved your life? Wait, hold on, what are you two doing in The Chasm anyway?
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, Paimon can be a bit slow...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You know that the [[Sakoku Decree]] has been lifted recently in Inazuma, right?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, Shinobu wanted to come to Liyue and pick up her graduation certificate. I came along because it's safer to travel in numbers.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Graduation certificate? Did you study in Liyue?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yes, I studied law at the [[Tongwen Academy]] in Liyue. Unfortunately, the Sakoku Decree was implemented just when I was home visiting my family before graduation... so I'm a few years late getting my graduation certificate.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' We were taking care of some errands in Liyue and the boss got tangled up with some [[Millelith]] while we were standing in a line... He was about to get arrested when, luckily, Yanfei happened to be walking past and helped us out.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yep. If it wasn't for her, our trip to Liyue would've ended with me in the slammer, hehe. So, you know, I just wanted to do something nice to show my heartfelt gratitude.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But she said she didn't need my help with anything. I thought there's a chance she might run into trouble here on her own, so I followed her here... just in case she needs me to come leaping to her rescue.
:{{DIcon}} So, you're forcing her to accept your help.
::{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 16a.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? No, it's not like that at all! Look, I just want to protect her, OK? She looked like she was in a hurry, so I thought she must be out doing something important.
::{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 16a 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' People can get into trouble when they're out in the world dealing with serious business, you know? I'm just being considerate, really.
:{{DIcon}} Do Oni usually repay acts of kindness like this?
::{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 16b.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Listen, Granny said that a man must learn to be grateful, and I'm gonna help this legal adviser lady, no matter what it takes.
::{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 25b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's nice and all, but what if she really doesn't need your help?
::{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 16b 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha, you're joking right? I mean, that's not possible. Of course she needs my help.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} (Is Shinobu trying to hint at something?)
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...(that way)
:{{DIcon}} (Maybe she's hinting for me to distract Itto...)
::{{DIcon}} Uh, Yanfei went that way.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, great, thanks! I'll go after her. Shinobu, time to roll!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Fear not, my savior! Itto's coming to your rescue!!!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Appreciate the help. Until next time.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh Traveler, did you just send Itto the wrong way on purpose? Shinobu seemed pretty sharp, Paimon doesn't think you can pull one on her like that.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Or maybe, she knows that Itto can be a big nuisance, so she's trying to stop him from bothering Yanfei... Oh if that's the case, then wow, she really knows how to call the shots.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 28.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, at least this way, nobody will be bothering Yanfei. If we run into her again later, we should let her know that we helped her out!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 29.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, now let's go take a look at the crash site from last time.

;(Approach the bottom of the nail)
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 30.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, Yanfei is here, too!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 31.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Yanfei, we've sent away the people that were following you.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh, good, thanks a lot. The guy with the weird outfit seemed super outgoing. Normally, I don't mind making friends, but I've got work to do today.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 32.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? So what kind of work are you doing in a place like this? Don't tell Paimon you're thinking about becoming an adventurer, too!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Well, as a legal adviser, sometimes I also have to travel in person. I came to The Chasm to deal with a will.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 33.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A&mdash;A will...?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' That's right. I found a will inside an old book, I'm guessing it was left by someone of great importance. It appears he lost a magical device and wished to retrieve it.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 34.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't know legal advisers have to deal with that kind of thing. What a job...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 09.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Will execution is also part of my work as a legal adviser. Of course, cases like this are quite rare. The Chasm is not the kind of place you can just waltz into whenever you want.
:{{color|menu|An athletic figure leaps down from above...}}
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh? So, you do know what kind of place this is...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 35.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek! Who's that?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 10.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Ah, I thought I might find you here.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Whatever case you're working on in The Chasm, I'm sure Liyue's top legal consultant can handle it without my input.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 11.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Huh, that's funny &mdash; I thought we'd established that my legal opinion doesn't count for anything when Yelan's around?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 36.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, who is she?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 12.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' This is [[Yelan]]. Liyue's uh... Well, let's just say she works in the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]. I can at least say that much, right? Anyway, she's a friend of mine.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Sure. Coincidentally, I have something to do here as well. Seems chance has brought us all together.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You may not know me, Traveler and Paimon, but I've certainly heard about you.
:{{DIcon}} Oh really? I guess I do have many friends in Liyue...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You're all here on business, and it's my job to monitor The Chasm. According to regulations, I should accompany you.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But as it turns out, I have other things that require my attention. I'm afraid I can't join you this time. You may go about your business, just try to not make a ruckus.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 13.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Aww, that's most unfortunate, I was about to ask for your assistance.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 14.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Could you spare a little time to help me take care of this will... for old times' sake?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm, I dunno... depends what's in it for me...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 15.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Fair enough, I suppose even a guide needs to get paid. It just so happens that [[Madame Ping]] gave me some nice tea. I'll treat you to a cup, if you agree.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hehe, why don't you tell me a little more about how you got here first? Then I'll...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 19.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey! You!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 37.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Itto? What is he doing back here!?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I know what you two did... You really tried to throw me off, didn't you? Hmph, and I thought we were buds, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} Well, they're also my friends, so...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' That's close enough.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? Who are you?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Sorry, this area is part of The Chasm. It's closed to the general public.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Are you kidding me? I don't see any warning signs or fences, what gives you the right to keep me out?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Kid, where there's real danger, you'll never see a warning sign.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 38.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon never knew this place was so important.
:{{DIcon}} It really is an unusual place...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 16.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It's true, this is not a place you can just go in and out of as you wish. That's also why I didn't want anyone to follow me. Unfortunately, you didn't listen...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The Traveler has done a lot for Liyue in the past, and Yanfei is a renowned legal consultant in Liyue, so I can trust their intentions. As for you two...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, what's that supposed to mean!? You trying to say I'm not famous enough and my intentions are no good?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I don't know your background, so I can't give you free passage here. Besides, Yanfei doesn't seem to need your help, does she?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hah! How would you know what Yanfei needs? What, are you two joined at the hip or something?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Right... Anyway, I don't need to be a mind-reader to see that...? In any case, as a visitor from Inazuma, I'd suggest you defer to a local when in doubt. Stick to the local rules and keep yourself out of trouble.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Argh! Why you...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Please, try not to be impulsive. She is right, you know.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 39.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, things are starting to get a little heated here...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 17.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Not good... He really shouldn't start butting heads with Yelan.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's true that we don't know anything about the unique conditions of this place, so we'll heed your advice and leave immediately. But if this really is a dangerous area, seriously, you should put up a sign.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Thanks for the suggestion, I'll consider it.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh yeah? And what if we don't leave? Hmm?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Then I'm afraid things might get... unpleasant.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Is that so? You really think you can take the two of us? Gotta admit, I like your optimism.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 17.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Although you're friends with the Traveler and Yanfei, I'd still suggest you heed my warning.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha... thanks for that, but too bad I'm not buyin' it! If you're so strong, then why don't you show me what you got!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hold on, Boss. There's no need to start a fight here!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, no, I'm going in whether she likes it or not.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yelan 18.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Heh... You think I was joking around, huh?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 paimon 40.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, these two are about to go at it!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 18.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Please wait a minute, you two. This whole thing started because of me. Why don't you save me the embarrassment and just... huh?
:{{DIcon}} (The ground is shaking!?)
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 yanfei 19.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Uh oh, it's a... Ahh!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey stop trying to change the subject! I'm gonna... huh?
{{Cutscene Description|Following the violent shaking, the ground collapses and all of you fall underground...}}
::{{A|vo cyaq001 1 itto 31.ogg}} ''(Itto screams as the ground collapses)'' <!-- Sound plays in-game but no accompanying dialogue text-->
;(After the ground collapses)
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Ouch...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What happened? Hey, {{Traveler}}, are you alright?
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine.
:{{DIcon}} Did we fall... into this place?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oww... putting my books under me to break the fall didn't help at all.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' What's this?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Where are we...?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ugh, gonna feel that in the morning... Hey, Shinobu, Traveler... and my savior! Is everyone okay?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' *sigh* Well, this is an unfortunate turn of events.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, so uh, how far down did we fall?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It seems the ground collapsed during our little confrontation up there. Perhaps because we triggered the elemental forces...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, don't look at me. If you weren't so rude, maybe I wouldn't have gotten mad. Who can put up with that kind of 'tude?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It's my duty to stop intruders from breaking into important places. If telling the truth sounds rude, then I'm afraid you're just a little too fragile.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey! Life's too short to give in all the time!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss, I'm afraid you're not going to win this argument. I suggest we stop provoking her.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, whose side are you on here?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm simply pointing out the facts. I understand how you feel, but you're making my life difficult by starting random fights with everyone.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, looks like Itto can't argue against either Yelan or Shinobu... He's in a real tough spot now...
:{{DIcon}} So Itto and Shinobu are kinda like you and me.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Hey! What do you mean? Don't you dare compare Paimon to Itto!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa, whoa! What do YOU mean? You lookin' for a fight too?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon was just saying how it is... Everyone knows you're a bit of an idiot.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You calling me an idiot!? Oh yeah, well you're a puny little flying [[Lavender Melon]]. Hah!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Flying Lavender Melon? Ohhh that's it, Paimon's mad! Time to give you an ugly nickname... Uh, Bull-Chucker! Hmph, you better mind your manners, Bull-Chucker.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' We seem to be a long way down from where we fell. It's impossible to see what's going on up above.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It's unlikely we'll be able to climb back up that far. We'll need to find another way.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'm sorry to interrupt your lovely little chat here, but I think there's something you may need to know.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The Chasm is regarded as a mysterious area in Liyue. It was sealed off for years due to a mining accident. Whatever goes on down here, I suggest you remember this: You didn't see anything, you didn't hear anything, and you're not gonna ask any questions. Save you from getting caught up in things you shouldn't know about.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I won't treat you as hostiles, and in exchange, I hope you won't make things difficult when it comes to keeping secrets.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? Where does she think she's going?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Like she said, to search for an exit. Chances are that Yelan is the best among us at survival and handling emergencies, we should just let her go.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I'm afraid I must apologize... I don't typically disclose details of a client's will to third parties, which is why I couldn't tell you the truth... I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I came to The Chasm in search of the [[Fantastic Compass]], which is mentioned in the will. Many years ago, my client gave this magical device to someone ambitious, hoping that it'd be handy in times of need.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' According to an eye-witness account, the person who received the device took it into The Chasm and has been missing ever since.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Throughout history, many wars have been fought in the vicinity of The Chasm. Even if that person died in one of the wars, I still wish to do my utmost and find the device, and fulfill the client's wish.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Yelan's words of caution were not unwarranted. There are dangers lurking in The Chasm... I'm sure you've all realized that by now. Given that we're all caught in this mess, let's try to find a way out together.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whatever you say, my savior... I'll do whatever you ask. From now on, we're a team, all of us. And as for that big jerk... Well, hmph, I guess that includes her, too.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You said Yelan works for the Ministry of Civil Affairs, huh? Paimon could tell she's tougher than most, but wow, her job sounds demanding.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yanfei 09.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Well, that's what she tells outsiders... I can't disclose too much about her identity, but I'd say she's the only person who can handle this type of work.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What kind of lame job would have someone go out to the middle of nowhere?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows! An adventurer!
:{{DIcon}} ???
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's with the face? Did Paimon say something wrong? That's literally what the two of us do, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} I'm the adventurer, Paimon. Not you.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, you're so stingy these days... Just let Paimon be an adventurer by association, okay?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah, she's got a point, {{Traveler}}, you're Paimon's boss. Take it from me, as a great leader, you should learn to be a little more generous... You know, let your sidekick share some of the glory.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, you really don't understand anything about us!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Paimon, don't take him too seriously. He's just joking.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, for the sake of Shinobu... Fine.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hmph, I'm the boss, so I'll let it slide.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Perhaps this was another sealed location, but an undocumented one... What could be in here?
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I've got some food and water on me. If anyone needs some, just let me know.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! You know, Bull-Chucker, you may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but your subordinate here seems super capable and reliable!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hehe, I know, isn't she the best... Hey! I am too a sharp tool!
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' There seems to be an entrance up ahead with a path inside.
:{{A|vo cyaq001 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wonder where it leads to... Well, let's go take a look.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Concerned about the situation down in The Chasm, you and Paimon decide to go investigate the area, only to run into someone altogether unexpected there. Amidst a clash of differing agendas, the very earth suddenly collapses beneath you... Looks like you will all have to work together and find a way out, whether you like it or not.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Yelan)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who woulda guessed we'd find a Domain entrance in a place like this...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If there's a way in, then there's a way out. Let's go and take a look.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' The rocks here seem to be old Liyue Mountain Rocks, they're similar to what I've seen in books. This domain must have existed for quite some time now.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' (What's that sound?)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 xiao 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Oh, it's Xiao!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Conqueror of Demons? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Oh, I came down from above. I heard a noise, so I followed it here.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're not here by accident. Wanna team up?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' No, I have something else to do.
:{{DIcon}} Is it something important?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...I'm looking for someone.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' You shouldn't be here. I would urge you to go back as soon as possible.
:{{color|menu|Xiao leaves...}}
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's Xiao for ya... Shows up without warning and disappears without a trace.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Heh, that guy looked pretty tough, maybe almost as tough as me. Seems like a solid dude.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously, Bull-Chucker, where do you get your confidence from...?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Should we really be letting him go off on his own?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, he wouldn't listen, no matter how much you tried to talk him out of it... He is super tough, though, so don't worry about him.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Everyone, keep your eyes and ears peeled from here on out. We don't know what lies ahead, so we have to be ready for anything.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, look, I'm happy to say we're all on the same team and everything, but... could you cut the little speeches and the whole follow-the-leader act? I, for one, think I should be able to look after myself...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ugh, okay, okayyy!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, Yelan is just looking out for everyone. You know, Bull-Chucker, you're a guest here, so maybe try to get along with everyone.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hah! Please! You're not a local either, Flying Lavender Melon, so stop trying to sound like one!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Unexpected Guest
|zhs      = 意外之客
|zhs_rm   = Yìwài zhī Kè
|zht      = 意外之客
|zht_rm   = Yìwài zhī Kè
|zh_tl    = The Unexpected Guest
|ja       = 予期せぬ客
|ja_rm    = Yokisenu Kyaku
|ja_tl    = The Unexpected Guest
|ko       = 의외의 손님
|ko_rm    = Euoe-ui Sonnim
|ko_tl    = The Unexpected Guest
|es       = Un visitante inesperado
|es_tl    = An Unexpected Visitor
|fr       = Un touriste inattendu
|fr_tl    = An Unexpected Tourist
|ru       = Нежданная гостья
|ru_tl    = An Unexpected Female Guest
|th       = ผู้เยี่ยมเยือนที่คาดไม่ถึง
|th_rm    = Phu Yiamyeuan Tee Kad Mai Theung
|th_tl    = An Unexpected Visitor
|vi       = Vị Khách Bất Ngờ
|vi_tl    = Unexpected Guest
|de       = Unerwarteter Gast
|de_tl    = Unexpected Guest
|id       = Tamu Tak Terduga
|id_tl    = Unexpected Guest
|pt       = Um Convidado Inesperado
|pt_tl    = An Unexpected Guest
|tr       = Beklenmedik Misafir
|tr_tl    = Unexpected Guest
|it       = L'incontro inaspettato
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Interlude Chapter}}

[[es:Un visitante inesperado]]
[[id:Tamu Tak Terduga]]
[[ja:予期せぬ客]]
[[ru:Нежданная гостья]]
[[vi:Vị Khách Bất Ngờ]]