{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22701
|image         = Commission The Sparrow Studies the Blade.png
|type          = Commission
|summary       = Sun Yu tells the Traveler he wants to make medicine using Qingxin Flowers to give to Little Que'er. However, he wants to be discreet to avoid offending his junior.
|startLocation = [[Huaguang Stone Forest]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Minlin
|subarea       = Huaguang Stone Forest
|characters    = Little Que'er; Sun Yu; Traveler
|npc           = Sun Yu
|next          = The Day the Sword Departs
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Qingxin|1}}
}}
'''''The Sparrow Studies the Blade''''' is an NPC daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Huaguang Stone Forest]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Sun Yu]]
#*The player can also talk to [[Little Que'er]] to start the quest.
#Follow Sun Yu
#Talk to Sun Yu
#Go and pick 3 Qingxin flowers from atop the cliff.
#*This requires the quest item [[Fresh Qingxin]]; regular [[Qingxin]] already in the player's inventory does not count.
#Give the Qingxin flowers to Sun Yu.

==Gameplay Notes==
* While this quest is underway after triggering Step 3, all Qingxin flowers picked change to Fresh Qingxin, even after the player collected the three required for Step 4.
** All the Fresh Qingxin will be removed from the inventory when the quest is concluded.
* Immediately after the quest is completed, two [[Dendro Slime]]s spawn under the canvas roof and attack the player.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

After completing the commission, the player will also gain {{Item|Qingxin|20|x=1}} on top of the regular commission rewards.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Sun Yu]] is seeking the guidance of the [[adepti]] in [[Jueyun Karst]], but seems to require some help first...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sun Yu or Little Que'er)
:'''Sun Yu:''' Halt, friend.
:'''Sun Yu:''' I can tell from the confidence in your posture and the flight in your footsteps that we three are kindred spirits, practitioners of the martial arts...
:{{DIcon}} What do you want?
:'''Little Que'er:''' Hey! Show him a little more respect when you're talking to him, got it!?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Please, there's no need... it was actually me who started the conversation with them...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Hmph! Well, just as long as they aren't another good-for-nothing bandwagoning adepti-seeker trying to steal our place!
:'''Sun Yu:''' Yes, great, thank you for your concern... I think we'll be fine... Now, why don't you take a well-earned rest while I have a word with our new friend?
:'''Little Que'er:''' But, but surely there's nothing you would say to them that you couldn't say in front of me?
:'''Sun Yu:''' I'd only bore you, it's really nothing you'd be interested in...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Hmph, okay, I get the hint, you wanna talk about the Guhua Clan, again... Fine. If you don't want me to listen, I will leave you well alone.
:'''Sun Yu:''' My friend, over here if you will join me. Then we may talk in depth.

;(After following Sun Yu and talking to him again)
:'''Sun Yu:''' Right, here will do nicely...
:{{DIcon}} What's this all about?
:'''Sun Yu:''' *sigh* It's about her... Little Que'er, my junior. We've always been inseparable in our martial arts training, like form and shadow. Her skills are in no way inferior to mine.
:'''Sun Yu:''' We came here seeking the guidance of the adepti, but the journey has been an arduous one, and my companion like a box full of chatter that knows no end... A few days prior she fell ill from the cold, and is now afflicted with soreness of the throat.
:'''Sun Yu:''' I see you are one of great strength and so I humbly beseech you to please venture forth to the top of this cliff, where you should please find me three Qingxin flowers, with which to infuse in hot water and bring some small relief to Que'er's aching throat.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Sun Yu:''' Friend, you have my thanks. Que'er is a vivacious soul, and I daren't leave her alone while I go in search of medicine.
:{{DIcon}} But why are you doing this behind her back?''
::'''Sun Yu:''' I know you might find this silly. Que'er has a feisty spirit and refuses to accept that she might be at a disadvantage compared to those around her, whatever the circumstances.
::'''Sun Yu:''' Were I to raise the notion of picking medicine for her benefit while she was in earshot, she would reject the proposal without a second thought. Hence, I must act without her knowledge.
::'''Sun Yu:''' Furthermore, I daren't leave her alone here while I go off in search of medicine. That is why I must ask for your assistance.

;(Talk to Sun Yu again)
:'''Sun Yu:''' Que'er and I have trained together in the martial arts since childhood. She is like a sister to me.
:'''Sun Yu:''' And yet somehow, the older she becomes, the more she perplexes me.
:'''Sun Yu:''' Things were much simpler when we were children...

;(Talk to Little Que'er again)
:'''Little Que'er:''' You two have finished speaking, then? Don't look at me like that. If he doesn't want me to listen, I don't listen.
:'''Little Que'er:''' In any case, I'm sure he was harping on about Guhua again. Ugh, in all the time that I've known him, he's never cared for anything else but Guhua...
:'''Little Que'er:''' And that's despite everything I do to try and...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Never mind, what difference is telling you going to make? What're you still doing here anyway? Aren't you supposed to be helping him with something? Go on, on your way!
----
;(Give the flowers to Sun Yu)
:'''Sun Yu:''' You have returned! Regarding the matter which I entrusted to your care...
:{{DIcon}} I've picked the flowers.
:'''Sun Yu:''' These shall be plenty. Friend, you have my thanks, please accept this small gift in return...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Huh? What're all these Qingxin flowers for? Oh no, have you got a headache again?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, they're for his headache.
::'''Little Que'er:''' But I would happily have gone to pick medicine for you.. Why did you need to get a passer-by to do it instead?
::'''Little Que'er:''' Also, we know nothing about them or their background, what if&mdash;
::'''Sun Yu:''' ...Enough, Que'er. They helped us, did they not? We have no quarrel with them.
::'''Sun Yu:''' Thank you once more. Please take these.
::'''Little Que'er:''' Yep, take 'em and be on your merry way, don't keep him out in the cold when he's got a headache!
::'''Little Que'er:''' Quickly, let's get you out of the wind! I'll make some sweet tea for you...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, they're for your throat.
::'''Sun Yu:''' Ahem! My good friend, I daresay&mdash;
::'''Little Que'er:''' ...Are you saying I'm weak? Oh, so you feel the tiniest gust of wind and just assume I have a sore throat!?
::'''Little Que'er:''' Well, luckily the Qingxin flowers won't go to waste &mdash; because they can help with his headache.
::'''Sun Yu:''' Que'er, listen...
::'''Little Que'er:''' Come on, let's get you out of the wind and somewhere you can put your feet up! I'll make some sweet tea for you.
::'''Little Que'er:''' As for you... Take these, and get lost.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Sparrow Studies the Blade
|zhs     = 飞雀扰剑意
|zhs_rm  = Fēi Què Rǎo Jiàn Yì
|zht     = 飛雀撫劍意
|zht_rm  = Fēi Què Rǎo Jiàn Yì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 稽古の邪魔
|ja_rm   = Keiko no Jama
|ja_tl   = Practice's Hindrance
|ko      = 비작우검의
|ko_rm   = Bijak'ugeom'ui
|ko_tl   = Meaning of Flying Sparrow Holding a Sword
|es      = El gorrión estudia la espada
|es_tl   = The Sparrow Studies the Sword
|fr      = Maux de gorge et secrets
|fr_tl   = Sore Throat and Secrets
|ru      = Воробей и Клинок
|ru_tl   = The Sparrow and the Blade
|th      = นกที่ฝึกวิชาดาบ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Bird that Practices the Sword Art
|vi      = Chim bay nhiễu kiếm ý
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Vögelchen und das Schwert
|de_tl   = A Birdie and The Sword
|id      = Merpati yang Menguasai Ilmu Pedang
|id_tl   = The Dove that Masters the Sword Art
|pt      = O Pardal Estuda a Lâmina
|pt_tl   = The Sparrow Studies the Blade
|tr      = Serçenin Boğaz Ağrısı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La tecnica segreta di Sun Yu
|it_tl   = Sun Yu's Secret Technique
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}

[[es:El gorrión estudia la espada]]
[[pt-br:O Pardal Estuda a Lâmina]]
[[ru:Воробей и Клинок]]