{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops.png
|type         = Quest
|description  = Though it was agreed to let Teucer visit the "Institute for Toy Research"...<br />The toughest battles are not fought against a redoubtable foe but in defense of a child's innocence.
|quest        = Defender of Childhood Dreams
|quest_type   = Story
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Lisha
|subarea      = Lingju Pass
|requiredAR   = 40
|recLevel     = 71
|recElements  = Hydro
|trial        = Tartaglia
}}
'''The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops''' is a [[Quest Domain]] during [[Tartaglia]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Monoceros Caeli Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!]] quest "[[Defender of Childhood Dreams]]."

==Trial Character==
*{{Icon/Element|Hydro|25}} [[Tartaglia]] joins the party after the initial cutscene.
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 5
|character_name          = Tartaglia
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3
|weapon_name             = Polar Star
|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent5   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5
|hp5                     = 21,011
|atk5                    = 1,501
|def5                    = 755
|em5                     = 42
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 79.1%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%
|hydro_dmg5              = 21.6%
}}

==Steps==
# Go south and jump down into the lower floor.
# Go to the eastern end and use Childe's charged shot to activate the Hydro totem. When the water level rises, swim south to get onto the stairs.
#* There's a Common Chest on a platform at the southern end.
# Go up the stairs and defeat some Pyro Slimes.
# Use Childe's charged shots to activate the 3 Hydro totems.
# Interact with the device to start a cut scene.
# Go down the stairs to the east and activate the Door of Resurrection. There's a Common Chest right next to it.
# Go south and east to defeat some Electro Slimes and a Pyro Slime.
# Go north across the water to start a cut scene.
#* Defeat the spider to the east of the pool to reveal a room with Pyro Slimes and a Common Chest.
# Go through the door into a room with lasers.
# Go pass the first laser when the inactive Ruin Guard is being moved across the laser.
# Glide east to the platform. There's an Exquisite Chest here.
# Wait for another Ruin Guard and go pass the second laser.
# Glide west back to the other platform.
# Wait for another Ruin Guard and go pass the third laser.
# Go down the stairs and use Childe's charged shot to shoot at the Electro device high up on the wall to start a cut scene.
# Survive the Ruin Guards for 60 seconds to start a cut scene.
# Go pass the destroyed Ruin Guards to find Childe.
# Talk to Teucer.
# Open the Precious Chest in front of the exit.

==Completion Rewards==
{{Card|Mora|10,000}}
{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|1}}

==Notes==
During the "''Eliminate the Ruin Guard threat''" mission, you are not required to slay all the existing Ruin Guards. All you need to do is to keep you whole party '''AND''' Tartaglia alive within 60 seconds, then the mission will auto-complete itself.
* Please note that there will also be more Ruin Guards appearing to the arena as the time passed, so be careful and keep close watch to your party's HP.
* If you wish to eliminate at least one of them, using Tartaglia's Elemental Skill helps generate huge damage to the Ruin Guards.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops
|zhs     = 「独眼小宝大世界」
|zhs_rm  = "Dúyǎn Xiǎobǎo Dà Shìjiè"
|zht     = 「獨眼小寶大世界」
|zht_rm  = "Dúyǎn Xiǎobǎo Dà Shìjiè"
|zh_tl   = "The Great World of {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|zh}}"
|ja      = 「独眼坊大世界」
|ja_rm   = "Dokugan-bou Daisekai"
|ja_tl   = "The Great World of {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|ja}}"
|ko      = 「외눈박이 월드」
|ko_rm   = "Oenunbagi Woldeu"
|ko_tl   = "{{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|ko}} World"
|es      = El maravilloso mundo del Sr. Cíclope
|es_tl   = The Wonderful World of Mr. Cyclops
|fr      = Le merveilleux monde des Qu'un-œil
|fr_tl   = The Wonderful World of {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|fr}}
|ru      = Удивительный мир Одноглазика
|ru_tl   = <!--use {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|ru}}-->
|th      = "โลกกว้างของเจ้าตาเดียว"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = <!--use {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|th}}-->
|vi      = "Thế giới của tiểu bảo một mắt"
|vi_tl   = <!--use {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|vi}}-->
|de      = „Die Welt von Kloppi“
|de_tl   = "The World of {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|de}}"
|id      = Dunia Indah si Kecil Bermata Satu
|id_tl   = The Beautiful World of {{Lex|Mr. Cyclops|id}}
|pt      = 'O Maravilhoso Mundo de Sr. Ciclope'
|pt_tl   = The Wonderful World of Mr. Cyclops
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}