{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest The Trail of Drake and Serpent.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Enkanomiya
|subarea       = Evernight Temple
|chapter       = From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|summary       = The Traveler and Paimon visit the Evernight Temple to retrieve a fragment of the Reins of Revival.
|startLocation = [[Evernight Temple]], [[Enkanomiya]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent
|next          = The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Trail of Drake and Serpent''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Enkanomiya]], [[Inazuma]]. It is part of the [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]] quest series.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Evernight Temple]]
# Follow the trail of the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]] and search for the secret room (0/3)
# Go to the secret room
# Defeat all opponents:
#* {{Enemy|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp|x=3}}
# Examine the mechanism and open the gate to the secret room
# Go into the secret room
# Investigate the secret room
# Defeat all opponents:
#* {{Enemy|Rockfond Rifthound|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=1}}
# Obtain the fragment of the [[Reins of Revival Fragment (Temple)|Reins of the Revival]]

==Walkthrough==
# Go to the navigation target at Evernight Temple.
#*Use the eastmost [[Teleport Waypoint]] of [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] and glide down towards Evernight Temple if visiting for the first time. Eating food can replenish stamina if running low while gliding.
# Investigate the three clues and go towards the secret room.
# After approaching a locked mechanism, defeat the 3 Rockfond Rifthound Whelps that appear.
# Switch to [[Evernight]] if not already in Evernight.
# Activate the [[Daises of Day and Night]] mechanism to open the door to the secret room.
# Solve the puzzle
## Switch to [[Whitenight]] inside the secret room.
## Hit the [[Triangular Mechanism]] twice.
## Pull the left lever.
## Hit the Triangular Mechanism again once.
## Pull the left lever again.
## Pull the right lever.
# Continue into the secret room and defeat the enemies.
# Open the Exquisite Chest.

===Post-Quest===
# Follow the Seelie at the window to unlock a Common Chest.
After completing this quest, proceed to [[Dreams in the Gaps]] and [[The Heart of Ouroboros]] to collect the other two fragments. If all three fragments have been gathered, continue with part 3 of [[The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You decide to head to the Evernight Temple to search for the fragment of the Reins of Revival.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(At the entrance of the secret room if in Whitenight)
:'''Paimon:''' Aru said before that this land looks different in Whitenight and Evernight.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go closer and have a look. Maybe we'll find a way to change day and... Uh, wait, Paimon means Whitenight and Evernight.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/umu6WIDh024?t=701
|caption1 = The Trail of Drake and Serpent Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Trail of Drake and Serpent
|zhs     = 寻得龙蛇踪
|zhs_rm  = Xún Dé Lóng Shé Zōng
|zht     = 尋得龍蛇蹤
|zht_rm  = Xún Dé Lóng Shé Zōng
|zh_tl   = Finding the Trails of Dragon and Snake
|ja      = 龍蛇追跡
|ja_rm   = Ryuuja Tsuiseki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Pursuit of the Dragon and Serpent
|ko      = 용과 뱀의 흔적을 찾다
|ko_rm   = Yonggwa Baem-ui Heunjeok-eul Chatda
|ko_tl   = Finding Traces of Dragon and Snake
|es      = En busca de la serpiente y los dragones
|es_tl   = In Search of the Serpent and the Dragons
|fr      = Sur la piste du dragon et du serpent
|fr_tl   = On the Trail of the Dragon and the Serpent
|ru      = По следам драконов и змея
|ru_tl   = Following the Trail of Drakes and Serpent
|th      = ตามหาร่องรอยมังกรและงู
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm Vết Tích Long Xà
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Spuren der Drachen und Schlangen
|de_tl   = Traces of Dragons and Snakes
|id      = Jejak Naga dan Ular
|id_tl   = Trail of Dragon and Serpent
|pt      = Rastros de Dragões e da Serpente
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ejder ve Yılanın İzleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il sentiero del drago e del serpente
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
[[es:En busca de la serpiente y los dragones]]