{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest The Lonesome Euthymia.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Reflections of Mortality
|character     = Raiden Shogun
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = 
|next          = To Traverse the Mortal Plane
|domain        = Plane of Euthymia
|exp           = 475
|mora          = 29,525
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Ei; Inagi Hotomi; Kujou Kamaji; Paimon; Thoma; Traveler; Yae Miko; Ippei; Takeshi; Raiden Shogun; The Shogun
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Lonesome Euthymia''' is the first part of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act I - [[Reflections of Mortality]].

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]]
# Talk to [[Thoma]] and [[Kujou Kamaji]]
# Go to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] and look for [[Yae Miko]]
# Look for Yae Miko
# Talk to Yae Miko
# Go to see the Shogun
# Talk to [[Takeshi]] at the entrance
# Go to [[Tenshukaku]] to see the Shogun
# Enter the Plane of Euthymia
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Plane of Euthymia]]
# Speak to [[Ei]] in the distance

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Your adventure has come to an end for now. You and Paimon decide to pay the Statue of the Omnipresent God a visit...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Thoma, Kujou Kamaji, and Ippei at the Statue of the Omnipresent God)
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If the [[Tenryou Commission]] won't assist in dealing with the thunderstorm, the consequences could be catastrophic.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' It's not that we're unwilling to do our part. We just don't have any spare hands right now. I hope you can understand.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 ippei 01.ogg}} '''[[Ippei]]:''' Exactly. So let's keep the discussion going, and see if we can find a solution.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Thoma! What's going on?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah, hello you two. We were just talking about what an impact you've made in Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} What a coincidence.
:{{DIcon}} Are you mocking me?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Greetings. Thank you both again for delivering Miss [[Hiiragi Chisato|Hiiragi]]'s letter that time.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 ippei 02.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Ah, so they're friends of yours. I'm Master Kamaji's servant. Call me Ippei!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you're having some trouble?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, the [[Tri-Commission]]'s work used to consist of gathering information for the [[Ei|Shogun]] and carrying out any duties she assigned.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But recently, she announced that she wishes to spend some time in solitude and self-reflection. Since she is refusing to receive any visitors, there is no one to tell us what to do.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' We all understand if the Shogun needs some quiet time to gather her thoughts. The only problem is, in the meantime, the thunderstorm out at sea has been getting wilder.
:{{DIcon}} I hear that storm represents the Shogun's will.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yup, that's the one, and in all the time it's been there, the storm has never changed in shape or size. But now, it seems to be drawing closer to Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? So her will's changed and she wants to destroy Inazuma now? Or is this her way of trying to get revenge on us?
:{{DIcon}} That would be a little childish.
::{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah, you're right. If she really wanted to get revenge on us, she could just strike us with lightning right here...
::{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 03a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Which would also be pretty scary!
:{{DIcon}} Are you really scared of her?
::{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nuh-uh, she lost to us. Paimon's not scared, why would Paimon be scared!
::{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 03b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's just, y'know, a little... concerned that she might be angry. Yeah, that's all, just a little concerned.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, I don't think you need worry about that. The reason we're concerned is that we've never known the Almighty Shogun's will to falter before.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Considering [[Morax|Liyue's god]] left not too long ago, it's hard not to take it as a bad sign.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' A lot of people now believe that the thunderstorm is getting wilder because the Almighty Shogun is having health problems. The fact that she won't see anyone right now makes us concerned that things are only going to get worse.
:{{DIcon}} That seems like a valid concern.
:{{DIcon}} There must be a reason for the change in the storm.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Right. So, before rumors start spreading, Miss [[Kamisato Ayaka|Kamisato]] got me to come here and discuss countermeasures with the Tenryou Commission. We need to make sure we're prepared to deal with the chaos if and when it arrives.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Unfortunately, the reality is that the Tenryou Commission is facing huge internal instability at the moment. The [[Kujou Clan]] has lost control over the other clans.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why is that?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' The Kujou Clan is still awaiting the Shogun's trial for colluding with the [[Fatui]] and nearly destroying the whole of Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Everyone knows that a change of Commissioner is inevitable. It's just a matter of time before the Almighty Shogun hands down her decree.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' To put it simply, no one will take orders from the Kujou Clan anymore, but there's still work that has to be done.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 ippei 03.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' If Mr. Takayuki was in better health, there might be a way through. But now...
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' My lack of ability is to blame. I failed to uncover the truth in time, and I failed to stop my father. And now, as acting head of the clan, I'm failing to quell the unrest.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 ippei 04.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Don't blame yourself, Master. You have to at least keep your chin up until your older brother returns. The Kujou Clan can't cope with any more instability in its current state.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Yes, you're right. Masahito has enough on his plate at the moment. I mustn't cause any more issues for him.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Okay. Thoma, let's revisit this discussion in a few days. Right now, I need to go visit [[Takatsukasa Susumu]], head of the [[Takatsukasa Clan]]. He is the only one capable of taking charge of the situation now.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hmmm...I suppose. Okay, no problem. A speedy resolution to the Tenryou Commission's internal issues is in our best interests as well.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 ippei 05.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' I'll come with you, Master!
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 kujoukamaji 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' No need. I'll handle this by myself.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 ippei 06.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Oh okay... take care, then. Come back soon!
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you think about it, both the thunderstorm situation and the issue with the Tenryou Commission have been caused by the Shogun's decision to take some time off, right?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If things carry on like this, people will start to panic...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we could invite her out for a while?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 ippei 07.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Huh? You can actually do that!?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't know for sure, but we may as well try. Whether she takes us up on the offer or not will depend on what mood she's in...
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sounds like you guys know what to do. Shall I leave it up to you, then?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Everyone's worrying about the Shogun's condition, but if people got to see her in person, it would put their fears to rest.
:{{DIcon}} I'll try.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Thank you very much, (Traveler). I owe you one, again.
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The way Paimon sees it, there's only one person who might have the chance to see the Shogun while she's isolating. Right?
:{{A|vo sglq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a trip to the Grand Narukami Shrine!

;(Talk to Thoma or Ippei again)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Your master shouldn't blame himself so much. Anyone else in his position would find it just as difficult to deal with.
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Exactly. He puts far too much pressure on himself...
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 ippei 02.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' *sigh*... The Kujou Clan's future isn't looking bright.

----
{{Quest Description|update|You hear about the internal and external threats Inazuma faces from Thoma and Kujou Kamaji, and about how these threats are being caused by the Raiden Shogun's refusal to leave her quarters. Looks like the best way to solve this problem is to ask her to come out.}}
;(Talk to [[Inagi Hotomi]] while looking for Yae Miko at the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 inagihotomi 01.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Are you here to see Lady Yae?
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 inagihotomi 02.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' She was inside a moment ago, but her movements are always a source of mystery &mdash; you never know when she might disappear...
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 inagihotomi 03.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Anyway, you may head in and see if she's there.

;(Talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I wasn't expecting to receive VIP shrine visitors during down time. Hehe, so I suppose you're here just to visit me?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I was.
::{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 02a.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What a smooth talker... though, your eyes do not lie as convincingly as your tongue. You came because you need my help, didn't you?
::{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 02a 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Still, your answer has put me in a good mood.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I wanted to ask you about something.
::{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 02b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, how cold. I saved your skin, didn't I? Surely you could at least humor me by engaging in some small talk first?
::{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 02b 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Then again, I suppose your frankness is part of your charm.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, tell me. What is the matter?
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We heard that the Shogun decided to take a break, and since then the thunderstorm around Inazuma has gotten wilder.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rumor has it that the thunderstorm is affected by the Shogun's will. So people are worrying that something might be wrong with her.
:{{DIcon}} The Tenryou Commission also needs her attention.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh*...
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright. There's little purpose in keeping anything hidden from you, anyway.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Since the battle, the Shogun has been greatly troubled and her temperament has changed drastically.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{DIcon}} Her temperament has changed?
:{{DIcon}} That's hard to believe...
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Her power was already on the decline. Then you dealt her that fateful strike.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The defeat was a heavy blow to her. It also didn't help that I forgot to bring her some [[Tricolor Dango]] and light novels when I went to see her...
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, the poor thing. Without desserts and books to console herself with, she was so angry she quite simply lost it. Crying and ranting and raving... Oh, I could hardly bear to see her that way...
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You expect us to believe that a god would throw a temper tantrum over something like that!?
:{{DIcon}} I don't believe you.
:{{DIcon}} It's not beyond the realm of possibility.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. Before you get too indignant, consider the fact that your concerns sound every bit as nonsensical to me as that blatant lie did to you.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ei seeks eternity. To her, mortal lives come and go in the blink of an eye. Of what consequence to her are mortal concerns for her wellbeing?
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're saying she's fine, right?
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I don't know the details. She said she wanted to rest, and I have nothing pressing that requires her attention. So there is no reason to disturb her.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I have heard about the thunderstorm, though. As to the cause, it is not inconceivable that, as you suggest, her will has wavered somewhat.
:{{DIcon}} All the more reason to check on her.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe she's gone stir-crazy.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I am the only one in all of Inazuma who can visit her while she is resting.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But tell me, why should this concern me? Why should I do this for you, when I already have everything one could ever want, and have seen everything one could ever wish to see?
:{{DIcon}} Do it for the people of Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} Do it for Ei.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Haha. I like that answer.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Here is the [[Pass Permit]]. Show it to the [[Okuzumeshuu]] at the gate, and he will let you in.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, Miko!
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' My question was in jest, but since you answered it in earnest, please stay true to your word.
:{{A|vo sglq001 2 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, and don't forget to return the Pass Permit to me after you have finished with it.
:;(Obtain [[Pass Permit]])

;(Talk to Yae Miko again)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She spends all her time alone. Having a visitor once in a while can't do any harm.
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As the one who shook Eternity, you are her potential for change.

----

;(Go to see the Shogun)
;(Talk to Takeshi at the entrance)
:{{A|vo sglq001 3 takeshi 01.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' The Almighty Shogun has requested solitude. No visitors allowed.
:{{A|vo sglq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've got a Pass Permit from Miko.
:{{A|vo sglq001 3 takeshi 02.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Don't be ridiculous. Lady Guuji never gives her Pass Permit to another person, not even esteemed travelers like yourselves.
:{{A|vo sglq001 3 takeshi 03.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Guuji Yae is only authorized to hold that Pass Permit because of the trust that the Almighty Shogun places in her and her alone...
:{{A|vo sglq001 3 takeshi 04.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Wait... This is... authentic!?
:{{DIcon}} It'd be a little difficult to forge it.
:{{DIcon}} Feel free to check with Miko.
:{{A|vo sglq001 3 takeshi 05.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Understood. Then, as the Shogun has ordered, I must not stand in your way.
:{{A|vo sglq001 3 takeshi 06.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Apologies, please proceed. Since the Shogun is resting at this time, please be especially respectful and make sure your behavior is impeccable.

;(Talk to Takeshi again)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 takeshi 01.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' It's rumored that the Almighty Shogun has taken ill... Could it be true?
:{{A|vo dialog sglq001 takeshi 02.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Ah, ignore me. Please, head in.

----
;(Upon reaching the Shogun)
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look how she's pacing back and forth... Don't you think she looks a little anxious?
----
;(Go to Tenshukaku to see the Shogun)
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' How did you get in?
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Trespassers are to be eliminated at once.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, no, it's us! Why are you treating us like we're your enemies!?
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We made amends, didn't we? Also, we got in by totally legitimate means!
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Denied. Use of force has been forbidden.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 04.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Anyway. Be gone. Do not disturb my solitude.
:{{DIcon}} Forbidden? Why?
:{{DIcon}} Is everything okay?
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 05.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' That is of no concern. This is my recuperation state.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, (Traveler), what do you make of this? She's acting strange, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Do puppets really need rest and relaxation?
:{{DIcon}} Has she ever been like this before?
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 06.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' This body has no need of rest. But I am an assistant to the one within. If she wishes to rest, I must follow her will.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it. So this is all Ei's doing...
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why? Surely you going about your business doesn't interfere with the [[Plane of Euthymia]]?
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's got plenty of space in there. Seems like it would be the perfect place for rest and relaxation.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 07.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I do as she wishes. I can say no more than this.
:{{DIcon}} Why not put their minds at rest?
:{{DIcon}} Everyone's worried and wants to see you.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 08.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I cannot. In my current state, even if I went out, I could do nothing.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 09.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I am currently unwilling to deal with any business. I am also incapable of it.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean by that?
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 10.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenshougun 11.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' It has been forbidden. *sigh* Please refrain from making me talk any further.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do, (Traveler)? It feels like this conversation is going nowhere.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sick?
:{{DIcon}} Have you malfunctioned?
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ah, it's you two. It's been a while.
:{{A|vo sglq001 4 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The Shogun can't do much at the moment. Come straight in and see me.
;(Enter the Plane of Euthymia)

----

;(Speak to Ei in the distance)
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was terrifying! Would it be so hard to give us a little warning first...
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's not your first time. I don't see what there is to be so alarmed about.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, is the Shogun broken? Are you gonna get it fixed, or...?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Don't worry. The Shogun's not broken, I've just temporarily disabled many of her functions.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Currently, the Shogun is unable to handle any business and cannot appear as me. So the easiest solution was to announce that I am resting.
:{{DIcon}} That's what she meant by "forbidden"...
:{{DIcon}} So it was all your doing.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' As I said, I need to think about Inazuma's Eternity. And thinking takes time.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But the Shogun is still running based on her old rules. I can't allow her to make any more mistakes while I am working things out.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you tried turning it off and on again?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No. She was not created to ever be turned off.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Furthermore, I had even predicted at the time that I may wish to modify the Shogun's operational rules at some point in the future. However, such changes would not be conducive to Eternity.
:{{DIcon}} You are so strict with yourself...
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' That's why the Shogun has a robust system to safeguard against modification. It's also to protect against unforeseen circumstances.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' For now, while I figure out the form that Eternity should take, it's more effective for me to temporarily disable some of the puppet's functions rather than attempt to modify her rules.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now. The thunderstorm's getting out of control because some of the Shogun's functions have been disabled.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The thunderstorm is getting out of control? This is the first I've heard of it.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Okay, well, let us bring you up to speed...

:'''You and Paimon tell Ei about the storm and the chaos within the Tenryou Commission'''

:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm, I see. So the thunderstorm is drawing closer...
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can fix it... right?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's just a minor error. This kind of thing was bound to happen. A small modification to the Shogun should fix it.
:{{DIcon}} ...So everyone was worked up over nothing.
:{{DIcon}} Seems a little arbitrary.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Don't look at me like that. I've never had to tinker with the Shogun before, and she's very complicated. It's practically inevitable for something to go wrong when you start tweaking things.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes, that's it. I'm not making excuses. It's the truth.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's fine. Just as long as you can fix it is all.
:{{DIcon}} Any progress on your thoughts about Eternity?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Not much. As before, I can see the way forward, yet there are still contradictions.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But there is no urgency. To reach an ill-conceived verdict in haste, just for the sake of having reached one, would be a confusion of priorities.
:{{DIcon}} Come with us. Get a change of pace.
:{{DIcon}} How about we go for a walk?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If everyone sees that the Shogun is in good health, it'll put all the speculation and rumors out there to rest!
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And who knows, a change of scenery might put you in a different mood and give you some fresh inspiration!
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You mean... leave the Plane of Euthymia?
:{{DIcon}} It might do everyone some good.
::{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 19a.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes, you're right. After all, the Shogun is currently unable to take care of business on my behalf.
:{{DIcon}} You haven't left in a long time, I'll bet?
::{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 19b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's unnecessary, as far as I'm concerned. But since you are inviting me... a change of pace might well be nice.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Alright then. I'll come out for a while.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Since the theme of the day is a change of pace, you can just call me Ei. I'm not a great fan of rigid titles.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? But you're just Ei's consciousness, aren't you? Can consciousness actually leave this place?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 22.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I have my ways. I would never subject myself to imprisonment voluntarily.
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great. Then there's nothing to worry about! Allow us to be your tour guides!
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 raidenei 23.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Tour guides? What's a tour guide?
:{{A|vo sglq001 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Someone to show you around the Inazuma of today and give you tips on where to eat and how to have fun! Alright, let's go go go!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Lonesome Euthymia
|zhs     = 将军孤居净土
|zhs_rm  = Jiāngjūn Gūjū Jìngtǔ
|zht     = 將軍孤居淨土
|zht_rm  = Jiāngjūn Gūjū Jìngtǔ
|zh_tl   = Shogun's Euthymia of Solitary-Living
|ja      = 将軍の独居浄土
|ja_rm   = Shougun no Dokkyo Joudo
|ja_tl   = Shogun's Solitary Land
|ko      = 쇼군 홀로 정토에
|ko_rm   = Syogun Hollo Jeongtoe
|ko_tl   = Shogun at Pure Land Alone
|es      = La eutimia solitaria
|es_tl   = The Lonely Euthymia
|fr      = Euthymie solitaire
|fr_tl   = Lonely Euthymia
|ru      = Уединённый элизиум
|ru_tl   = Solitary Elysium
|th      = ดินแดนสันโดษของโชกุน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Shogun's Solitary Land
|vi      = Tịnh Thổ Cô Độc
|vi_tl   = The Solitary Euthymia
|de      = Die einsame Utopie
|de_tl   = The Lonely Euthymia
|id      = Tanah Keabadian yang Terpencil
|id_tl   = Solitary Eternal Land
|pt      = A Eutimia Solitária
|pt_tl   = The Solitary Euthymia
|tr      = Yalnız Dinginlik
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La malinconica eutimia
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:La eutimia solitaria]]