{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23009
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission The Other Applications Of Concresoil.png
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = [[Concresoil]]
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Akim; Nima; Paimon; Traveler
|npc           = Akim; Nima
}}
'''''The Other Applications of Concresoil''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
===Soil Retrieve Variant===
# Talk to [[Akim]]
# Go and retrieve the soil (0/3)
# Talk to Akim

===Soil Variant===
# Talk to Akim
# Go to the place Akim recommended
# Bring the sample back to Akim

===Slime Condensate Variant===
# Talk to Akim
# Give three portions of Slime Condensate to Akim
# Keep talking to Akim
# Give the soil to [[Nima]]

===Whopperflower Variant===
# Talk to Akim
# Head to where the Whopperflower appeared
#* Defeat {{Enemy|Pyro Whopperflower|x=1}}
# Bring the sample back to Akim

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Akim seems to be troubled by something...}}

===Soil Retrieve Variant===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Akim, optional)
:'''Akim:''' (How's this possible! Where did it go wrong!?)

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Ugh, this is awful. Where did I go wrong...
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:'''Akim:''' Ah! It's... it's you, Traveler...
:'''Akim:''' *sigh* There's something wrong with my Concresoil...
:'''Akim:''' Was it the mix ratio? Or the lack of experimental trials...
:'''Akim:''' Many customers who have built their kitchens using Concresoil have reported cracking after only a few days.
:'''Akim:''' Perhaps the temperature grew so high that some parts of the soil just failed to work?
:'''Akim:''' *sigh* Anyway, I have to go fix those cracks for them.
:'''Akim:''' There were too many people needing repairs for me to take all the scraped Concresoil away, so I asked them to just keep it in some pots. And ah, there were very many pots indeed...
:'''Akim:''' Traveler, could you please help me collect the used Concresoil from this house, while I go to another one?
:'''Akim:''' *sigh* Where did it all go wrong...

;(Talk to Akim again)
:'''Akim:''' I'll go to the other places to retrieve the Concresoil. You should hurry too. I'm counting on you.
----
;(Upon approaching the location)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the place. Paimon remembers Akim saying that the Concresoil is stored in some pots... Let's have a look around.

;(Pick up the [[Discarded "Concresoil"]])
:'''Paimon:''' Is this the pot we're looking for? Ergh, it's full of lumpy soil on the inside...
;(Pick up the Discarded "Concresoil")
:'''Paimon:''' This pot looks so heavy... How much Concresoil is in there?
;(Pick up the Discarded "Concresoil")
:'''Paimon:''' Is this filled with Concresoil? That sure would explain the weight...
----
;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get those pots of Concresoil back?
:;(Submit Discarded "Concresoil" ×3)
:'''Akim:''' Thank you. I'll evaluate this batch of soil.
:'''Akim:''' How could this happen? Do I need to adjust the ratio again...
:'''Akim:''' Ugh, why is making the ideal soil so hard?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Soil Variant===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Akim, optional)
:'''Akim:''' (Anyways, my experiments have finally yielded results.)

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Traveler! Thank goodness you're here. I was just in need of someone's help!
:{{DIcon}} So you've made progress in your soil research?
:'''Akim:''' Well... I don't think I could call it "progress," but a customer of mine did give me some useful advice.
:'''Akim:''' He said that he enjoys growing flowers and the thing that troubles him most is finding the right soil.
:'''Akim:''' The soil needs to have good permeability and adequate nutrients. Plus, it should be water retentive but not soggy...
:'''Akim:''' Knowing that I've made such improvements to the Concresoil, he asked me if I could devise a version of it for flowers.
:'''Akim:''' I found it worth researching, so I'm looking for other materials to further upgrade my Concresoil.
:'''Akim:''' Could you please help me look for some fertile soil this time?
:'''Akim:''' I'll mark the location of the soil on the map for you.
:{{DIcon}} Why is it so far away...
:{{DIcon}} How did you find this place...?
:'''Akim:''' I asked around, of course. It's a little out of the way, but they say the soil there is very fertile.
:'''Akim:''' But there seems to be a lot of monsters over there too, so  wouldn't dare to go myself...
:'''Akim:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler!

;(Talk to Akim again)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get the soil?
----
;(Upon approaching the soil)
:'''Paimon:''' Fertile soil... Fertile soil... It should be around here somewhere.
:'''Paimon:''' Look over there. The vegetation is really lush. That means that the soil under those planted must be very fertile, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, let's go over there and dig some out to bring back.

;(Pick up the [[Fertile Soil (Reportedly)]])
:'''Paimon:''' This should be enough.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's bring the soil back to Akim!
----
;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get the soil?
;(Submit [[Fertile Soil (Reportedly)]] ×1)
:'''Akim:''' This is exactly what I'm looking for! Thank you so much.
:'''Akim:''' Please take these as your reward.
:'''Akim:''' Well... as fertile as it is, this soil is pretty weighty, and it doesn't seem to have great permeability...
:'''Akim:''' Hmm... I'd better mix it with some other soil types...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Slime Condensate Variant===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Akim, optional)
:'''Akim:''' (Slime Condensate... If I had any other choices, I wouldn't use it.)

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' I still need more materials...
:{{DIcon}} How's your Concresoil coming along?
:'''Akim:''' Amazing, actually! As it turns out, this soil can be used for a wide variety of purposes.
:'''Akim:''' For example, it can be used to make pottery and fix cracks in houses.
:'''Akim:''' With a small adjustment of the mix ratio, I can even build houses with this soil.
:'''Akim:''' However... I'm running low on materials due to a surge in orders.
:'''Akim:''' Critically, I've ran out of Slime Condensate. Traveler, could you please bring me three more portions of Slime Condensate?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} What about other materials?
::'''Akim:''' I have made purchases from different channels or asked others for help.
::'''Akim:''' I just didn't expect that Slime Condensate could run out so quickly...
:'''Akim:''' So, Traveler, could you please fetch three more portions of Slime Condensate for me?

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Traveler, have you obtained the Slime Condensate?
;(Give Akim 3 [[Slime Condensate]])
:'''Akim:''' Thank you. Then I have all the materials I need for now.
:'''Akim:''' Give me a second while I mix the Concresoil...
:{{Black Screen|Akim starts to mix the soil...}}
:'''Akim:''' Okay, it's done. Please take the soil to [[Nima]].
:'''Akim:''' He has been waiting for it for ages.
:'''Akim:''' This child is... um... unusually imaginative.
:'''Akim:''' Nima told me he wanted to make a group of talking "pot warriors" that can roll over enemies and have all sorts of magical powers.
:'''Akim:''' The power of these warriors will vary with the materials stuffed in their pot bodies.
:'''Akim:''' He even gave these pot warriors a name, called Ad... Well, forget it, I don't remember.
:'''Akim:''' Unfortunately, I can't really make pot warriors with magical powers. But still, it's an interesting idea.
:'''Akim:''' So I thought, why not give him the soil as a toy gift?
:'''Akim:''' This way, he can make his own pot warriors and command them like a general!
:'''Akim:''' Ahem, anyway, please help me send this pot of soil to Nima.
:'''Akim:''' Once his pot warriors are complete, maybe he will appoint us both "pot generals" as well!
:;(Obtain [[Special "Concresoil" for Toys]])
----
;(Talk to Nima)
:'''Nima:''' Hello, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}, what can I do for you?
;(Give Nima the Concresoil)
:'''Nima:''' Wow, this must be the soil that can make everything. Just like Akim told me!
:'''Nima:''' Yay! Thank you, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}!
:'''Nima:''' Now I can make "Adri"!
:{{DIcon}} What is Adri, anyway?
:'''Nima:''' Didn't Akim tell you about it, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}}?
:'''Nima:''' I'm making some pot warriors. Adri is gonna be the first and the best of them!
:'''Nima:''' He is a kind warrior with a good temper. When he awakens as a pot warrior, the first thing he will do is to apologize to the grass under him.
:'''Nima:''' His power is... is...
:'''Nima:''' I&mdash;I haven't decided on it yet... but you'll be the first to know once I have!
:'''Nima:''' After Adri is done, I'll make Ivar, his adjutant, and Lasson, his disciple.
:'''Nima:''' The three of them... no, the three pot warriors... They will embark on a long, long journey...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Whopperflower Variant===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Akim, optional)
:'''Akim:''' (Anyways, my experiments have finally yielded results.)

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' I still need more materials...
:{{DIcon}} How's your Concresoil coming along?
:'''Akim:''' Amazing, actually! As it turns out, this soil can be used for a wide variety of purposes.
:'''Akim:''' For example, it can be used to make pottery and fix cracks in houses.
:'''Akim:''' By making small adjustment to the mix ratio, I can even build houses with this soil.
:'''Akim:''' However... I'm running low on materials due to a surge in orders.
:'''Akim:''' Even the Whopperflower soil has run out... Traveler, could you please go and get me some more of that?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} What about other materials?
::'''Akim:''' I've made purchases through various means and asked others for help.
::'''Akim:''' But I'm out of this particular type of soil. I really should have stored more of it...
:'''Akim:''' Thank you. Don't forget, it's the soil where Whopperflowers grow that we're looking for!
----
;(Upon reaching the location)
:'''Paimon:''' Look at those Whopperflowers over there. Time to beat 'em like we always do!

;(Upon defeating the Whopperflower)
;(Obtain [[Whopperflower Root Soil]])
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, this should do it. Let's get it back to Akim.

----
;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get the soil?
:;(Give Akim the soil)
:'''Akim:''' Thank you, these should last me for a while.
:'''Akim:''' I'm thinking that there might be other ways to improve the Concresoil...
:'''Akim:''' For example, perhaps the soil can also be highly water-retentive and nutrient-rich...
:'''Akim:''' *sigh* I'm just not smart enough. If it was those wise folks, they would have definitely come up with more good ideas...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Other Applications of Concresoil
|zhs     = 凝成泥土的它用
|zhs_rm  = Níngchéng Nítǔ de Tāyòng
|zht     = 凝成泥土的它用
|zht_rm  = Níngchéng Nítǔ de Tāyòng
|zh_tl   = Other Uses of Solidified Soil
|ja      = セメン土の使い道
|ja_rm   = Semento{{Assumed}} no Tsukaimichi
|ja_tl   = Uses of Cement Soil
|ko      = 젤리 진흙의 다른 용도
|ko_rm   = Jelli Jinheuk-ui Dareun Yongdo
|ko_tl   = Other Uses of Jelly Mud
|es      = Otros usos del lodomento
|es_tl   = Other uses of Mud Cement
|fr      = Applications diverses de la polyterre
|fr_tl   = Various Applications of the Polysoil
|ru      = Другое применение глинобетона
|ru_tl   = Other Application of Clay-Concrete
|th      = ประโยชน์อื่น ๆ ของดินโคลนอัดแน่น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tác Dụng Khác Của Bê Tông
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Andere Anwendungsbereiche für verdichteten Lehm
|de_tl   = Other Application Areas for Condensed Clay
|id      = Manfaat Tanah Beton
|id_tl   = Benefits of Concrete Soil
|pt      = Outras Aplicações de Barro Misto
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Killi Toprağın Diğer Kullanımları
|tr_tl   = The Clayey Soil's Other Applications 
|it      = Usi alternativi della Cementerra
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru|In Series}}