{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12025
|image         = Story Quest Arataki Itto A1 The Oni's Justice.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Taurus Iracundus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Rise Up, Golden Soul
|character     = Arataki Itto
|summary       =
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Yashiori Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Yashiori Island
|prev          = The Oni's Evil
|next          = The Oni's Pride
|exp           = 600
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Arataki Itto; Crimson Cyclone; Daisuke; Granny Oni; Paimon; Sango
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Oni's Justice''' is the second part of [[Arataki Itto]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Taurus Iracundus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Rise Up, Golden Soul]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Yashiori Island]] to search for Arataki Itto
# Use [[Elemental Sight]] to chase the tracks
# Continue the pursuit
# Talk to [[Paimon]] about countermeasures
# Hit Arataki Itto with the beans
# Go to the [[Onikabuto]] capture spot
# Go to the tree where the Onikabuto reside
# Check the area where lightning struck
# Leap off the gorge to look for Onikabuto
# Go to the purple object
# Search for an Onikabuto
# Capture an Onikabuto
# Go have a bug battle with [[Daisuke]] and Itto
# Learn about the [[Oni]] race's past from Itto
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You set off to Yashiori Island using the clues [[Sango]] provided...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sango, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ydlq002 sango 01.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Thanks for your patronage and good luck!
:{{A|vo dialog ydlq002 sango 02.ogg}} '''Sango:''' Don't forget to come with a bigger budget next time.
----
;(Go to Yashiori Island to search for Arataki Itto)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to Detective Sango, Itto should be somewhere around here.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Katheryne mentioned that he has a Vision. Why not see if you can track him down using Elemental Sight?

;(Use Elemental Sight)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Footprints! Let's see where they lead.

;(After walking past a camp)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, there's a camp here, but nothing stands out as particularly noteworthy...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Let's keep moving forward.

;(Continue the pursuit)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are more footprints here. He should be just up ahead!
----
;(Approach Arataki Itto)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, could that be him? Is that Arataki Itto?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He doesn't seem to be looking this way. Perfect, let's try the beans Detective Sango gave us.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It'll save a lot of hassle if we can avoid a fight.

;(If you get caught)
::{{A|vo ydlq002 4 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey! Who's sneaking around over there! C'mon, show yourself!
::{{A|vo ydlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes, we've been spotted!
::'''You were discovered by Arataki Itto...'''
:;(Dialogue returns to the "Talk to Paimon about countermeasures" step)

;(Hit Itto with the beans)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 4 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Beans? No! Aghhh!
----
;(Talk to Itto after hitting him with the beans)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' *whimpering*
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, are you okay?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do? Paimon didn't think he'd react this badly!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' D&mdash;Don't be alarmed... It's just my allergies acting up... I've got it under control!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's alright, I got this, just gotta tough it out. I can take it... I can take it...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah! Who am I kidding! *coughing* I gotta catch my breath here! *coughing* Whatever it is you want, it's gonna have to wait! I need a moment...

:'''After resting for a long while, Arataki Itto recovers enough to speak.'''

:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahh, whew... that's better. That sure took a lot out of me, though...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, why'd you have to be so mean, huh!? Surprise-attacking me like that!
:{{DIcon}} You can never be too careful when dealing with a fugitive.
::{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 07a.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, I get it. So you're here to bring me in. How in the world did you find me all the way out here?
:{{DIcon}} There's plenty more beans in the bag. You'd better come quietly.
::{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 07b.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, hey, take it easy... just stop with the beans, okay. So you're here to bring me in. How in the world did you find me all the way out here, anyway?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Heh, well, whatever... If you think I'm going back with you, you can forget it. I'd walk away if I were you.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I pack a mean punch, you know. I don't want to hurt any regular folks like you.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's pretty big talk considering all the beans we have.
:{{DIcon}} You're the one behind the robbery and the missing people, aren't you?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yep, that's right. Me! All by myself. Nobody else.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' As boss of the Arataki Gang, I gotta nab a little food and drink when we're running low. That's only natural, right?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, but nabbing people? That's taking it a bit far, don't ya think?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uh... not when their families will pay good Mora to see them again! Easy pickings.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And the extra Mora means I can... uh, give some to my gang to spend on themselves!
:{{DIcon}} At least you're honest.
:{{DIcon}} Questionable reasoning there.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, what's with all the questions? Like I said, I'm not going back with you, so stop wasting everybody's time.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way, mister! We've accepted a commission to bring you back.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What'd you say, little one? Go on... Say it to my face!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, we... Well, mostly {{MC|he|she|mc=1}}, took a commission to bring you back.
:{{DIcon}} Show some backbone, Paimon...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Looks like you aren't gonna let this drop. In that case, we&mdash;
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 daisuke 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Uncle Itto!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 onibaaya 01.ogg}} '''Granny Oni:''' Don't run, now! Careful or you'll fall.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 daisuke 02.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' What's taking you so long? You said we were gonna have a beetle fight today! C'mon, you promised!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, y&mdash;yeah, that's right, still going ahead! But you see, uh... I've been out here for ages and I still can't find a beetle that I like. Just give Uncle Itto a little more time, m'kay?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 daisuke 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ydlq002 5 daisuke 03b.ogg}}--> '''Daisuke:''' Huh? Who are they? Are they your friends?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 18a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 18b.ogg}}--> '''Arataki Itto:''' Uh, yeah, that's right. I told them not to come, but what can I say? ... They were just too worried about me! Hahaha.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's 'cause of a little thing called, uh... prestige, yeah. 'Cause of all the prestige Uncle Itto has.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What are you talking about? We...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Shh! C'mon. Just play along! Leave the kid out of this.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 daisuke 04.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Uh, Uncle Itto, you don't look so good. You look like you're about to fall over.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hehe, that's because Uncle Itto bumped his noggin on a tree branch while looking for a beetle. It's all good, though, these horns are rock solid...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 daisuke 05.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Okay, if you say so. Granny and I will keep heading back now. Don't be too long!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hehe, yep I'll be right there. I hope you're ready to lose today!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who were those people?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The old lady was Granny Oni. She's the one that took me in and raised me. And the kid's name is Daisuke, I took him in just a while back. They're both like family to me.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' They escaped with me out this way, along with my boys from the Arataki Gang. If I didn't bring them with me, the Tenryou Commission would be knocking on their doors, for sure.
:{{DIcon}} I had no idea you were so caring towards others.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, but if you care about them so much, then you shouldn't have done all that stuff that made them worry about you in the first place.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I, uh...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Listen, how about we make a deal. You two let me go wrap things up with Daisuke, and once we're done battling beetles, the two of us will settle things with a duel.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If you win, I'll come quietly. You can take me back to Inazuma City, and you won't hear a peep outta me. Why? 'cause I'm an oni of my word.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I'll just tell little Daisuke that my friends and I need to step outside for a moment. That way, he won't worry. Cool?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, what should we do, (Traveler)? There is the kid to consider...
:{{DIcon}} Alright, you have a deal.
:{{DIcon}} Either way, you won't escape.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh it's on! Heh, I like your style, haha! Alright, but first thing's first, I need to find an Onikabuto to battle with. I've been looking here for ages and haven't found myself a winner yet, so it's time to try somewhere else.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 5 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Come with me. Saves you worrying that I might skedaddle.

;(Talk to Daisuke again)
:{{A|vo dialog ydlq002 daisuke 01.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Did you catch a beetle yet?
:{{A|vo dialog ydlq002 daisuke 02.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' If you didn't catch one, then get back out there and keep looking. I've been waiting for ages!

;(Talk to Granny Oni again)
:{{A|vo dialog ydlq002 onibaaya 01.ogg}} '''Granny Oni:''' Don't worry about us, Itto. Just go on and do what you need to do.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|As you are about to capture Arataki Itto, Daisuke, a kid he has been taking care of, appears. To hide the truth from the lad, Itto requests that you first let him finish the bug battle he promised to have with Daisuke.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Itto at the Onikabuto capture spot)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, Paimon's curious... What kind of game is beetle fighting?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You guys have seen Onikabuto out in the wild, right? Even though they might look menacing on the outside, they're big softies on the inside. Most of the time they just sit there doing nothing.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But let me tell ya, once the Onikabuto start fighting, they won't let anything get in their way!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The grand game of beetle fighting is a match where your beetle tries to flip the other beetle onto its back.
:{{DIcon}} I played when I was a kid.
:{{DIcon}} I watched people playing that when I was a kid.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, it's not just some kids game, okay? It's way deeper than you think!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I have taken part in more beetle fights than you would believe. At least 800 &mdash; I may have even crossed the thousand mark by this point. Anyway, after a while, you can tell a beetle's fighting potential just by looking at its shape, size, and the patterns on its body.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But it's not just about all the physical stuff, oh no! Your Onikabuto's gotta be in the right headspace as well. If it's not up for a fight or doesn't have the guts, then it's game over.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha! Boy, are you two lucky you ran into me. When it comes to beetles, I'm the expert that the experts go to! I'll show you all you need to know.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, we're not the ones that will be playing... We're just here to keep an eye on you.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...Oh yeah.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, not a problem! You two might think that I'm just tooting my own horns here, but just you wait... I'll make you a beetle expert in no time!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And by the way, that kid has one tough beetle, we can't underestimate it. We have to find a real lean mean beetle warrior.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, he's not the sharpest horn on the oni...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Okay, lemme see...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 7 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' There. Let's head to that hill. I'll bet my bottom Mora we're gonna find some major-league Onikabuto hiding out there.
----
;(Go to the tree where the Onikabuto reside)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, lightning storm!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 8 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ugh, for crying out loud, this'd better not scare off all the beetles...

;(Check the area where lightning struck)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 9 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Darn it! They've all gone...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 9 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Let's hop down from here and take a look. My gut's tellin' me that there's a king-size beetle just below. Beefy beetle king, here we come!

;(Leap off the gorge to look for Onikabuto)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 10 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Look, you see all those purple things? It's a whole pile of Onikabuto! Now that's what I'm talking about!

;(Go to the [[Pile of Lavender Melons|purple object]])
:{{A|vo ydlq002 11 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? What the... Ah, no! Not Lavender Melons...!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 11 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem, well, even a pro like myself can make a mistake from time to time. It's okay, just gotta roll with the punches. Let's try somewhere else.

;(Capture an Onikabuto)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This is the one, this is the one! Hahaha! See? As long as you're in my company, you're guaranteed to find yourself an Onikabuto.
:{{DIcon}} It seems a bit different from the others.
:{{DIcon}} It's kinda... small.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah, it's on the smaller side. But size isn't everything in a beetle fight.
:{{DIcon}} But you said earlier that size matters...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just let the expert explain, okay? What smaller beetles lack in strength they make up for in agility. They usually got a whole bunch o' sick moves just ready to whip out when the right moment comes.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, but it doesn't seem to be very energetic, either.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Listen, you can never see a beetle's true energy until it's in the ring.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It might look a bit young and docile, but that's got its advantages. Haven't you ever heard the saying, "Don't judge a book by its cover"?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Young beetles that have never fought before always go all out in their first fight. Older beetles that have already been through the wars tend to just cower in the corner the moment they see a strong opponent.
:{{DIcon}} I was hoping we'd catch a larger beetle.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, didn't I say not to worry! C'mon, just have a little faith, would ya? My experience is telling me that this Onikabuto was spawned to be a champion.
:{{DIcon}} Wait a sec, where's Paimon?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right here! Look what Paimon found!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we're gonna battle some beetles, then Paimon wants in! It's not like we have anything else to do... When you hopped down, Paimon flew off somewhere else nearby and found this one.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaddya think, Itto? It's big and strong and looks like a real fighter. It matches everything you said about a good fighter beetle!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bet the one you guys found must be way, way...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...b&mdash;bigger.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh uh... Heh. You got some experience catching beetles too, huh?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope, this is the first one Paimon's ever caught!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, looks like you've got a real knack for this. You'll be a fellow beetle fighting expert in no time! I mean, not as good as me, but still.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... so overall not that good, then.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uh anyway, great! With both your beetle and mine, I can tell this'll finally be the one! This time, I'm gonna win for sure!
:{{DIcon}} "This'll finally be the one"? ...You've never won before?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, ahem... Y'know, that's just life, man. There are so many people in this world who are talented... and passionate... but it's no guarantee that things will go their way.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So many unrelated things have to come together at once in just the right way to make victory happen. There's this word that really sums it up nicely, actually. It's, uh, "co-incidence"!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As in, pure luck...? Guess it makes no difference whether we have Paimon's beetle or not, then. Might as well just...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa whoa whoa, hey! Hehe, let's not do anything rash here!
:{{DIcon}} I thought smaller beetles know a bunch of sick moves?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you say that younger beetles are fearless?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I think both of these fine beetles have a shot at winning. Let's just hang on to them and give 'em both a try. A true warrior never leaves a good beetle behind, hahaha.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 13 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway &mdash; time to head back and get this show started! Man, I am psyched for this, wooh! Let's go!
----
;(Go have a bug battle with Daisuke and Itto)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 01.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Finally! You're back! Can we start our beetle fight now?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah, sure thing, buddy! But you'd better watch out, I brought a real winner back this time.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 02.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Don't worry, I'm not scared of your beetle. Go, go, Stripy Ghost!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I've got this fight in the bag! Let's go, Nimble Ninja!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? When did you come up with that name?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' C'mon, you can take 'im, little guy!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 03.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Haha! That's right, finish it!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, no!!! My little Nimble Ninja!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 04.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Hah! Looks like I win again!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Dang it, that's my seventh loss in a row!
:{{DIcon}} That is a poor track record...
:{{DIcon}} Seems Ogura Mio wasn't kidding.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 05.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Hee-hee, Stripy Ghost is invincible. Even Uncle Itto can't beat him!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I won't forget this! I'll beat you next time, I swear!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, Paimon, you're up. Time to give Crimson Cyclone a shot, maybe it'll end this losing streak of mine.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Go get 'em, Crimson Cyclone!
:{{DIcon}} That name caught on quick.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 06.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Whoa! That one looks ultra strong!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 07.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' But it's still no match for you, Stripy!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe! Alright little guy, use your Super Paimon Tornado!
:{{DIcon}} ...That's a real thing now!?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 08.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' No, I can't believe it... I lost.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, we won! Hah, Paimon knew Crimson Cyclone would be the best!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Boy, did that one put up a fight. It wiped the floor with Stripy Ghost...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Heh, I know a real beetle trainer when I see one. Way to kick some beetle butt, partner!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, see? Paimon's got real talent! Of course, Crimson Cyclone has to take some of the credit too...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we let Daisuke keep Crimson Cyclone?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right, yeah, now that the beetle fighting's over and all...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 09.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Hm...?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is for you, Daisuke.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 10.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Huh, for me? You're really giving it to me?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Go ahead, take it, Daisuke. When we finally get back to the city, you can show it off to all your friends.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 11.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' But... will we ever be able to go back?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Of course we will, trust me. I never go back on my word!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, I got some things I gotta discuss with my friends here. Go play with Granny for a while, would ya? There's a good boy!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good, the kid doesn't suspect a thing...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 12.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' You're from the Tenryou Commission, aren't you? I bet you're here to capture Uncle Itto.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 13a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 13b.ogg}}--> '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey! Didn't I tell ya? They're my friends! ...Uh, in fact, they're in the gang. We're practically family!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 13a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 13b.ogg}}--> '''Daisuke:''' That's not true! I already know everyone in your little gang, but I've never seen these two before!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 14.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Uncle Itto didn't do anything wrong, don't take him away!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 daisuke 15.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' And not only did he not do anything wrong, he also saved my life! He's not a bad guy!
:{{DIcon}} So what's the story here?
:{{DIcon}} Let's try to stay calm.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, some things we don't tell to outsiders, remember? *sigh* How should I explain...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I'm a real lousy liar...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 onibaaya 01.ogg}} '''Granny Oni:''' Itto, sometimes you need to just say what you have to say. Don't worry about us.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I guess... Thanks, Granny.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 14 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Seems I can't hide it anymore. Come with me, I'll explain everything.
----
;(Learn about the Oni race's past from Itto)
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I'll be honest with you. This thing the Tenryou Commission is investigating, with someone going around taking people and their possessions... It wasn't me. Any of it.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I have my own reasons for lying about it, and I really didn't want to get innocent people caught up in this while I'm still trying to solve the real problem here.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I'm the same as you. I just wanna avoid conflict at all costs... But it's just not worth it if someone gets hurt.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So why in the world would you say that you're the culprit?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' *sigh* Maybe you don't know because you're outlanders... It all started a long, long time ago with the story of the crimson oni and the blue oni...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on a second, if you're talking about that fairytale, we've heard that one already.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, so you already know. Well, that makes things a whole lot easier.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... is the story from the fairytale really true?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Everything about the fate of the oni is true. The blue oni chose exile, and the crimson oni stayed behind.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But the other details aren't historically accurate. Fairytales are nice stories, but there's something they leave out... it's a little thing called the cold, hard truth.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The Inazuma of long ago was a dangerous place. If you wanted the Raiden Shogun's protection, you had to have a good relationship with the humans.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The oni are a proud kind, so it wasn't easy for them to ask others for acceptance. Over time, the oni eventually split into two factions.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The crimson oni were friendly with the humans, but the blue oni, they were more stubborn and insisted on keeping to their own.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought you were two different species. So really, you're all one family?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yep, that's right. There's no real difference between us. We just paint our horns different colors to show which side we belong to.
:{{DIcon}} So why did the blue oni choose to exile themselves?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Because humans were still wary of oni at the time.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The crimson oni always hoped to find a way to live in peace with the humans, but the blue oni kept clashing with them.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Humans didn't see a difference between crimson and blue oni. All they knew was that oni were hard to get along with.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If things were to continue that way, the oni were never going to get along with humans. And so, the most revered leaders of the crimson and blue oni decided to resolve it once and for all.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Over drinks, they swore an oath. The blue oni would play the role of evil oni to help the crimson oni integrate into human society. But the blue oni's leader gave two conditions.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? What were they?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' First, the oni must abandon any prejudice they held against humanity. Every oni was to accept humans in their heart before the humans accepted them. Oni were not to use their strength to mistreat humans but also were not to stand for mistreatment against themselves.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Second, the crimson oni were to integrate with human society &mdash; but not by trying to please the humans. The oni were to embrace their own honest characters, surging tempers, and awesome strength to win respect from humans.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' In other words, they were to carry on the oni bloodline while also protecting our oni pride.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, I see...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' After choosing exile, the number of blue oni began to dwindle, until they eventually disappeared altogether.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Since I first heard the story of the blue and crimson oni as a kid, I've heard it countless times in my life... Not once did I ever imagine that the blue oni clan had actually survived...
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're saying the real culprit was a descendant of the blue oni?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's right. Most people don't pay attention to the color of an oni's horns. They probably don't even know that blue oni exist.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But nothing gets by the Arataki Gang. At the scene of the crime, they saw an oni with different color horns than mine.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Still, it'd be strange if the culprit really was a descendant of the blue oni. I can't bring myself to accept it.
:{{DIcon}} Because the blue oni also value their own pride?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Exactly! They would give up their life before abandoning their pride.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I have always respected the blue oni for the sacrifice they made, and I know the aspirations my ancestors had for the future of all oni.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Our pride does not allow for any wrongdoing. You don't steal from other people, you don't harm other people, period!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' My guess is that the blue oni was tricked or forced into it somehow. But I don't have any evidence...
:{{DIcon}} So you're trying to buy more time?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's right. If I didn't step in, then the Tenryou Commission would've definitely caught them by now.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what does Daisuke have to do with any of this? He said that you saved him, so he knows your story, right?
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' He was the one I managed to save from the ronin after I sent them running from the scene.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 31.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' He was off playing somewhere when they came by and ransacked his house. By the time he came back, his parents had been taken.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 32.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The whole reason I'm in this is to help this kid find his mom and dad again.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you just tell us that in the first place?
:{{DIcon}} You shouldn't have lied to us.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 33.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I never wanted to tell you any of this... Heh, my original plan was to knock you both out and take my family to hide somewhere else.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 34.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' There's more to this than just one blue oni &mdash; there's a dangerous group behind everything that's been going on. So I didn't want to get anyone else caught up in this mess.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 35.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's everything, the whole story. If you still don't believe me and wanna drag me back to Inazuma City, then I'm going to fight you with all I've got.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 36.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But if you're willing to believe me, then please. Give me a little time. Once I find the blue oni, I'll turn the both of us in.
:{{DIcon}} I will help you.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, Paimon too!
:{{DIcon}} The real culprits must be brought to justice.
:{{DIcon}} We can't let the innocent be accused.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just treat it like we're here to keep an eye on you.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 37.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So you... Heh, alright! I knew you'd be reasonable, I knew it! I was thinking right from the start &mdash; these two fine folks, they're just out here in the pursuit of truth and justice, man. We are gonna get along just great!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 38.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I should tell you though, things could get a little dangerous, so be ready for anything. Heh, don't say that I didn't warn you.
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, don't worry about us. We're seasoned adventurers!
:{{A|vo ydlq002 15 itto 39.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, then our first job is to investigate where this blue oni is hidin' out. There's a victim of his that saw him up close currently taking refuge at Sangonomiya's camp. I figure we can start by talkin' to him.

;(Talk to Daisuke and Granny Oni again)
:{{A|vo dialog ydlq002 daisuke 03.ogg}} '''Daisuke:''' Please, you gotta believe me! Uncle Itto didn't do anything wrong, he's not a bad guy!
:{{A|vo dialog ydlq002 onibaaya 02.ogg}} '''Granny Oni:''' I'll take care of Daisuke. No need to worry, dear. Everything will be fine.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Oni's Justice
|zhs     = 鬼之义
|zhs_rm  = Guǐ zhī Yì
|zht     = 鬼之義
|zht_rm  = Guǐ zhī Yì
|zh_tl   = The Oni's Justice
|ja      = 鬼の義
|ja_rm   = Oni no Gi
|ja_tl   = The Oni's Justice
|ko      = 오니의 정의
|ko_rm   = Oni-ui Jeong'i
|ko_tl   = The Oni's Justice
|es      = La justicia de un oni
|es_tl   = The Justice of an Oni
|fr      = La justice oni
|fr_tl   = The Oni Justice
|ru      = Справедливость óни
|ru_tl   = The Oni's Justice
|th      = ความชอบธรรมของ Oni
|th_rm   = Khwam-chop-tham khong Oni
|th_tl   = Justice of the Oni
|vi      = Đạo Nghĩa Của Quỷ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Gerechtigkeit der Oni
|de_tl   = The Justice of the Oni
|id      = Keadilan Oni
|id_tl   = Oni Justice
|pt      = Justiça Oni
|pt_tl   = Oni Justice
|tr      = Onilerin Adaleti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La giustizia degli oni
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->

[[es:La justicia de un oni]]