{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40025; 40026
|image         = Event Quest The Snowy Past.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Shadows Amidst Snowstorms
|actNum        = I
|requirement   = 
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20, and complete:
*[[Prologue]] Act II: [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]]
*[[Princeps Cretaceus Chapter]] Act I: [[Traveler Observation Report]]
*[[Lost in the Snow]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|next          = The Shadows Deepen
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*30,000
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Shadows Amidst Snowstorms]] event.
|characters    = Albedo; Amber; Bennett; Cyrus (Mondstadt); Eula; Gerald; Joel; Paimon; Primordial Albedo; Reckless Pallad; Sucrose; Timaeus; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Snowy Past''''' is the first quest of the [[Shadows Amidst Snowstorms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Mondstadt]]'s alchemy store
# Go to [[Dragonspine]]
# Talk to the lonely [[Joel]]
# Go to Dragonspine and find [[Amber]]
# Follow the source of the voice
# Head for [[Albedo]]'s campsite
# Follow the footprints and search
# Pursue the footsteps
# Collect the [[Starsilver]] at the cavern's entrance (0/2)
#* Obtain 1 [[Inferior Starsilver]] and 1 [[Quality Starsilver]]
# Return to the cavern entrance
# Chase the sounds to their source
# Find the key to the cage
# Defeat the [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]]
#* {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard|x=1}}
#* Obtain 1 [[Key (The Snowy Past)|Key]]
# Open the cage
# Return and look for Albedo
# Return to the camp
# Tidy the camp up (0/5)
#Speak to Albedo

==Gameplay Notes==
* If [[Eula]]'s Story Quest [[Speech and Etiquette]] was started before this quest, it must be completed first before being able to continue this one.
** Step 15 cannot be completed.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Paimon]] has an odd thought and drags you off to the [[Mondstadt]] alchemy shop...<br><br>Paimon, struck by a bout of imagination, drags you off to the alchemy store in Mondstadt to expound her bold hypothesis to [[Sucrose]] and [[Timaeus]], but is told that the best person to answer such questions is, in fact, the scholarly [[Albedo]]. However, the person waiting for you there is...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On login)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, let's go see [[Timaeus]]. [[Paimon]] has a favor to ask him!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It'd be great if we could catch [[Sucrose]] and Albedo, too... but they seem really busy lately, so let's not get our hopes up.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go see!

;(Approach the alchemy store)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Timae&mdash; Huh, is that Albedo? Why is he leaving?
:{{DIcon}} (And why does he look so serious?)
:{{DIcon}} (Did something happen?)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 01.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Hey, it's the Traveler and Paimon!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hello, you two! It's been a long time!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Were you having a really serious discussion right now, or something?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 02.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Just a regular catch-up. We meet here once in a while to go through any recent developments in our research projects.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, so we just missed him. Maybe we should have hollered to him...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He didn't look in the best of moods just now, though. Was he upset about something? If so, he probably wouldn't have been in the mood to help out, anyway.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Huh... upset? You mean, Albedo?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! He wasn't looking his usual self.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Upset... uh-oh, I wonder if...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 03.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Wh&mdash;What are you looking at me for?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I wonder if Timaeus's research topic is... so boring this time that Albedo finally snapped?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 04.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' S&mdash;Surely not... It's not that boring! ...Is it?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, nah! Anyway, Paimon wanted to ask you for a favor, Timaeus!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 05.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' A favor? Haha, well sure! How can I help?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon found a bunch of super-duper sweet [[Sunsettia]]s in the mountains the other day. But if Paimon eats them all, then they'll be gone, so Paimon isn't ready to finish them all yet...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon was thinking maybe you could make a device that you put fruits in, and it turns them into juice! That way, they'll be preserved for as long as Paimon needs!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Do you realize how absurd you sound right now?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 06.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' I'm afraid that sort of thing... is a little, uh...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Seems pretty straightforward to Paimon... can't you do it?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 07.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Hahaha. Paimon, I'm afraid you've entered into the realm of the weird and wonderful with this one...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so how about you, Sucrose? Any idea?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm sorry... it doesn't sound like it falls within my area of expertise. I could give it a try if you really want, but... I'd probably just end up giving all your precious fruits arms and legs.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 08.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Whoa... Your tone is so calm but your words are so terrifying. You'd think I'd be used to this by now...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Well, as you know, my focus is on Bio-Alchemy... Besides, keeping things fresh forever is just not possible. If you just wanted to modify certain properties of the fruit or their seeds, on the other hand, I'd easily be able to help with that.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alchemists usually focus in on their own research areas. Take us for example &mdash; Timaeus, Albedo, and I all have very different research foci.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Paimon, your idea is very imaginative... but it's beyond Timaeus's and my ability.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I don't think even Albedo could make such an incredible device... After all, alchemy is not mechanics. There is a big difference between the two.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I just don't know what has gotten into Paimon today.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Well, excuse Paimon for overestimating the power of alchemy...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' In fact, before Albedo showed up, everyone in Mondstadt thought alchemy was useless.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Of course, we know better now. But even then, I have to admit that alchemy is only one of the many wondrous arts in the world. It's certainly not some kind of all-powerful magic that can simply take a substance and preserve it indefinitely... Ahem! Uh, sorry, that wasn't meant as a criticism against you personally...
:{{DIcon}} Don't blame yourself for Paimon's outlandishness.
:{{DIcon}} I will make sure to keep Paimon in check in the future.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon just wanted some fruit juice... What's wrong with that!?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, of course, these are just Timaeus's and my subjective opinions on the matter. If you're really intent on pursuing this wondrous device... you can try your luck asking Albedo.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 13.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' But I wouldn't get your hopes up. If he has no idea how to make one either, you'll have to give up on the idea.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, he doesn't seem to be in a good mood today, though. What if he ignores us?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 timaeus 09.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' He won't. Albedo is not that kind of person.
:{{DIcon}} (But... there's something about Albedo today...)
::{{DIcon}} (Something seems different. What could it be?)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, so, where is Albedo heading to, anyway? Dragonspine?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 sucrose 14.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Unless he specifically says otherwise, Dragonspine is where he usually goes. He seems particularly fond of that place. And somehow, the cold doesn't seem to bother him at all.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then let's go to Dragonspine to find him. C'mon, there's no time to lose!

;(Talk to Sucrose and Timaeus)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 timaeus 01.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Seriously!? Albedo doesn't like my alchemy device? It can create tiny ice crystals! I thought I had a good design here &mdash; I was planning to take it further...
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Timaeus... it's not completely useless, but... perhaps it needs to be a little more original...
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 timaeus 02.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' O&mdash;Okay... I see. I'll give it some more thought... Hmm, then again, what IS the use of this thing? I'm the one who came up with it, and even I can't think of a potential application...
----
;(Approach the Dragonspine camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? This looks lively, what's the occasion? Let's go and have a look!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey, Traveler and Paimon! Fancy meeting you all the way out here.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amber, Cyrus, Pallad... What's everyone doing at Dragonspine? Don't you mind the cold?
:{{DIcon}} Hi all. Long time no see.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Oh? The Traveler is joining us too. Great, fantastic, wonderful! Hahahaha, the more the merrier.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' I agree. I feel much better with the Traveler joining us. Definitely the kind of person you want to have around in a tight spot.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, what have I walked into here?
:{{DIcon}} What's the occasion?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Paimon remembers most of these people are from the Adventurers' Guild... Then again, it seems a certain Outrider has joined too.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 02.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Hahaha... allow me to explain.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 03.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' The Adventurers' Guild is holding winter training on Dragonspine.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 04.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' As you know, our members have varying levels of adventure experience. Dragonspine is an excellent place for budding adventurers to challenge themselves and improve... but it's dangerous to go alone.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 05.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' So, we made a plan for senior members to pair up with junior members. This way, everyone can experience training on Dragonspine together under safe and controlled circumstances.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 06.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Now, every adventurer can progress together. I have been working on this grand plan for half a year now, and it's finally coming together! Hahaha, it's a great plan, isn't it!?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 07.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}, you are an outstanding adventurer. Surely you must be willing to join us and help out?
:{{DIcon}} Uh... Amber, what are you doing here?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is the Adventurers' Guild short on experienced members?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Well, that's part of it, actually...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The other reason is, when I was patrolling the perimeter of Dragonspine, I found a lost kid named Joel.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I heard he lives here on the camp, so I escorted him back.
:{{DIcon}} I remember that kid...
:{{DIcon}} But... Joel's father...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I know. Joel's father went missing.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I totally sympathize with how much Joel misses his family. Dragonspine is so bleak and deserted, it must have been so lonely for him here.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Amber...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Anyway, I wanted to do something to cheer Joel up, so I said I'd build a snowman with him. It's something he enjoys doing.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It also gives me a chance to stay here for a while and help Cyrus out.
:{{DIcon}} Since it's for Joel, count me in.
:{{DIcon}} Since it's you, Amber, count me in.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Aw, really? Thank you!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Let's go meet up with Joel, then. Oh, I invited another friend of mine to join, too. She should be here any second. She'll be perfect for this kind of thing.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey, Cyrus, we've gotta take off. Is that okay?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 4 cyrus 08.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' No problem. Go ahead. I still have some final checks to make, so I will call you before we depart.

;(Talk to Cyrus and Reckless Pallad)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 cyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' It feels like every time I try to drum up some enthusiasm for my idea, nobody wants to know. But whenever the young lass starts talking, everyone rallies behind her! ...What am I doing wrong?
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Hey, don't talk that way, Cyrus! You're the branch master! You're awesome!
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 cyrus 02.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' ...
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 cyrus 03.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Have you done anything apart from resting all day? Come on, are your supplies ready? Have you done your warm-up exercises? If not, then get to it, lad!
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs101 recklesspallad 02.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Oh, uh, yeah! Sure!
----
;(Approach Joel)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey, Joel, we're here.
:{{DIcon}} Hi, Joel!
:{{DIcon}} It's been a long time, Joel.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 joel 01.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Hi, everyone. Haha, I'm so happy right now! It's nice to have so many people to hang out with.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 joel 02.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Are you here to build a snowman, too?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Build... a snowman?
:{{Introductory Note|character=Eula}}
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh, sorry. I forgot to do the introductions.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' This is Eula, the Spindrift Knight and Captain of the [[Knights of Favonius]] Reconnaissance Company...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Amber, you're being far too formal. The child is never going to remember all that.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Please, just call me Eula.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 joel 03.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Okay, Aunty Eula! You can call me Joel.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 04.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Aunty... Eula...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, Eula's gonna add that to her long list of scores to settle...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 05.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...Alright, if that's what you want to call me, go right ahead.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Eula just let something go for once!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 06.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Amber, what's this I hear about a snowman? I came to assist because you told me the [[Adventurers' Guild]] was short-handed.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Yeah, that's something else. But look, Joel's at that age where he should be having fun, and there's nothing to play with on Dragonspine.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' He used to build snowmen with his dad, and since his dad's not around, we're keeping him company instead.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Besides, Eula, it's gotta be more fun than taking an ice bath all by yourself.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Let's combine our forces and build ourselves a huge snowman! It'll be a ton of fun.
:{{DIcon}} I approve.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup, count Paimon in, too! Paimon wants to build a snowman.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 07.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 joel 04.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Aunty Eula, are you too busy to join in?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 joel 05.ogg}} '''Joel:''' If so, it's okay, I understand...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 08.ogg}} '''Eula:''' No, nothing like that. My mind was on something else, that's all. Building a snowman with Joel, are we? Sounds wonderful. I'd be delighted to join you.
:{{DIcon}} Eula?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Then let's get started! First, we need to split up into teams to gather some supplies!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Joel and I will be on one team. {{Traveler}}, you and Eula can be on the other team.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey Joel, see that huge tree over there? Wanna race me there?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 joel 06.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Yeah! Let's do it!
;(Amber and Joel runs off)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, those two are fast.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's hard to tell which of them is having more fun.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's up with you two? Why are you just staring at each other without saying anything?
:{{DIcon}} You're acting a little out of character...
:{{DIcon}} I'm trying to figure out what you're thinking...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 09.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Umm... ahem, ahem...
:{{DIcon}} We are alone here. Just tell me.
:{{DIcon}} There's no one else around. You can say.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 10.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Joel probably hasn't spent much of his life in the city.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 11.ogg}} '''Eula:''' He doesn't know me... and he doesn't know what the Lawrence name means to people in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, that's why he calls you Aunty Eula.
:{{DIcon}} Careful, Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 12.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...True. In his eyes, I'm just another ordinary person from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 13.ogg}} '''Eula:''' It was a surprise, but not in a bad way at all.
:{{DIcon}} Then it's time to get building a snowman!
::{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 14a 1.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Indeed. It's just...
::{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 14a 2.ogg}} '''Eula:''' *sigh* That's the thing. I'm a little worried that I won't be up to the challenge.
:{{DIcon}} So there's something else bothering you?
::{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 14b 1.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Hm. How very perceptive of you.
::{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 14b 2.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Were you staring at me the whole time when everyone was talking? You shan't be getting off lightly for that.
::{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 14b 3.ogg}} '''Eula:''' The truth is, I'm a little concerned that I might be quite inept at building snowmen.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 15.ogg}} '''Eula:''' I have never built a snowman before. My upbringing was very strict, so I never had the chance when I was a child.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 16.ogg}} '''Eula:''' And after I grew up, of course, it's not the sort of thing I would spend my time doing.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, Paimon's starting to feel sorry for Eula.
:{{DIcon}} Take it easy. It's just for fun.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it. The Honorary Knight will help you.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 17.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...You sound confident. Alright then.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 18.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Enough small talk for now. I see we have a member of the Adventurers' Guild joining us.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 cyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Greetings. We have a slight problem here. We've done a headcount and it turns out that we have an odd number of participants. In other words, we still have one instructor slot left to fill.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 cyrus 02.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' How it happened was, we originally asked [[Fischl]] to be an instructor, but she was busy with something outside of Mondstadt during this period. So we found another adventurer to fill in for her, but they still haven't shown up yet...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 cyrus 03.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Thank goodness you are here. *sigh*
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 gerald 01.ogg}} '''Gerald:''' Oh, hello. My name is Gerald, I'm a new adventurer...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 19.ogg}} '''Eula:''' In that case...
:{{DIcon}} Eula can help.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 20.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 eula 21.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Fine. But for that, you will pay.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 gerald 02.ogg}} '''Gerald:''' Huh? P&mdash;Pay for what? ...
:{{DIcon}} That's just how Eula talks...
:{{DIcon}} You're in safe hands with Eula...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 gerald 03.ogg}} '''Gerald:''' Okay, I&mdash;I got it. I'm ready and willing to learn!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 cyrus 04.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Good, good. Then everything is settled. Thank you for your help, Eula.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 cyrus 05.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' {{Traveler}}, if anybody else signs up later, I may have to ask for your help as well.
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why did you give the spot to Eula?
:{{DIcon}} I want people to know all the good qualities she has.
:{{DIcon}} Eula desperately needs this kind of opportunity.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, okay. Hehe, you're so nice. Paimon noticed Eula smiled just now, it must have meant a lot to her.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To be honest, Eula really is the best candidate for an instructor. Most people would find it hard to cope on the mountain 'cause of the sheer cold, but not her.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Now Paimon gets it, this must be the whole reason why Amber got Eula involved in the first place!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We were supposed to find supplies, but now Eula's busy with other stuff and Paimon doesn't feel like going around collecting things... How do you think Amber and Joel are doing? Let's head up the mountain and see what they're up to!
----
;(Approach the [[Frostbearing Tree]])
:{{A|vo eqxs101 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange. Didn't they say they were going this way? Where the heck are they?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did we get here too late? Have they moved on already?
:{{Black Screen|A strange rustling surrounds you...}}
:{{DIcon}} Did you hear that...
:{{DIcon}} I just heard a strange noise coming from up the mountain...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... C&mdash;Could they be in danger!?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hurry! Let's go check it out!

;(Follow the source of the voice)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's coming from that direction!

;(Continue following the voice)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The sound has completely stopped...
:{{DIcon}} It looks like we lost it.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How could that happen? After all the adventures we've been on, our tracking skills are honed to perfection, aren't they?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we underestimated whatever was behind it, but if that's the case... then what exactly are we dealing with here?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I know that voice...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? Huh?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What brings you to Dragonspine?
:{{DIcon}} So it was just you.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh! So it was Albedo all along!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' "All along"...? What do you mean by that?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' On the way here, we kept hearing weird noises and it felt like someone was watching us the whole time... Turns out it was just you.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Honestly, you really gave us the creeps! If you're bored up here, go find something useful to do &mdash; don't go sneaking around and scaring the poop out of people!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The things you felt and heard could easily be attributed to animals, or bandits perhaps. You should be wary at all times in this environment &mdash; there are all too many ways to sustain losses here if you aren't careful.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' So. What business brought you here?
:{{DIcon}} It's a long story...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We actually came to look for you, but then it turned into looking for Amber, but now we've met you, so we're back to that again...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm. Your thought process is rather chaotic, as is the way in which you articulate it.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! How dare you! All Paimon's trying to say is that we came here to look for you!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh? Is that so?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Then it must surely be something of great importance. I'm all ears.
:{{DIcon}} Actually... it's nothing serious...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He seems to be in a better mood than we thought, right? Does that mean Timaeus' stupidity doesn't really get to him after all?
:{{DIcon}} We were probably overthinking it.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Okay, let's... let's just forget that ever came up!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's okay if you can't tell me about it. Just treat this as an opportunity to stroll on the mountain and enjoy the view.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe. So basically, the truth is we're here on adventurer duty.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Albedo about the event that the Adventurers' Guild is holding...}}
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I see. So, you foisted the rookie off onto Eula, so that you could wander off and goof around?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're not goofing around! And Eula was the right person for the job &mdash; we were just being nice.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about you, then, huh? What're you doing on Dragonspine?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' A friend commissioned me to do some artwork recently, and I have yet to finish. I came here because it's a quiet place where I can gather my thoughts, gather inspiration &mdash; and gather some raw materials while I'm at it.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Raw materials for what?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Paint.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Starsilver can be used to make high-quality silver paint. I just ran out of my previous batch, so I'll collect some ore while I'm here.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ore can be used to make paint?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes. But you have to be selective with the specimens you choose.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Even with a high level of impurities, Starsilver still contains fine silver-colored particles. But they lack luster, which impacts the color saturation of the pigment made from them. Paint made with such pigment is generally viewed as a fake or a defective product.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Interesting! So paint aside, can you talk about how you find inspiration? Paimon wants to learn!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You want to learn to paint?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, not for me, for the Traveler. Paimon wants {{Traveler}} to learn how to paint!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' During our travels, we sometimes have nights where there's nothing to do. It'd sure be nice to do something memorable rather than just sit around...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Painting is a great example, because it can capture a moment in time. So it seems like it's definitely a worthwhile skill to have.
:{{DIcon}} So... you want me to learn to paint now?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! Why not? Once you've mastered it, you can paint Paimon!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Not a bad idea. Well, since you two would like to learn more about painting, why don't you come with me to the campsite? I have painting materials there. You can practice while I give you some guidance.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds great!
:{{DIcon}} What about Amber...?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, she'll be fiiiine! She is a knight of Favonius after all. Let's just forget about all that stuff for now and go with Albedo.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, fine...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 9 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, let's go! It's so cold out &mdash; Paimon wants to get to the camp and warm up by the fire!

----
;(Approach Albedo's campsite)
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah!
:{{DIcon}} What's going on...?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thieves! It's gotta be!
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Some things are missing.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nothing valuable, hopefully? Wait, where's Paimon's Mora?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's hard to say their value, but...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Some of my alchemy notes are missing.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alchemy notes? Would they fetch a high price?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' To the uninitiated, they are merely scraps of paper. But for someone who knows what they're doing... the knowledge contained in those notes is more valuable than any treasure.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're saying only someone who knows alchemy would've stolen them? But the only people who come to Dragonspine are adventurers, thieves, and monsters... What use would any of them have with your notes?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think it's that simple.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I feel the same way. However, [[hilichurl]] break-ins and other such incidents are not unheard-of on Dragonspine. It's difficult to draw a conclusion based solely on the evidence at hand.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm? These appear to be...
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Footprints?
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Fresh ones. Meaning, our thief can't have made it far.
:{{A|vo eqxs101 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's chase them down. We can't let 'em get away!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' From the entrance, the footprints go that way.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grr, that thieving... thief!

;(Follow the footprints to a cliff)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The footprints lead up there.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they scaled the cliff? Okay, after them!

;(Move past the Frostarm Lawachurl on the cliff)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Footprints on the snow are so hard to notice... It's so easy to lose track completely...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' That's why we have to hurry.

;(Continue to follow the footprints)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? The footprints stop here?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 1 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Our thief must have jumped from the cliff. Get your wind glider ready. We're going down.

;(Glide down and approach the footprints)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Here. More footprints.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're heading to the cavern? Ooh hoo-hoo, we got you now! You sure can run, but you definitely can't hide!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go in!
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Wait, I have an idea.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'll go in alone. Traveler, please stay here and guard the entrance.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This cavern has two points of entry, and there are shortcuts inside. Judging from the state of the footprints, he hasn't been in there long. I should be able to reach the other side before he does.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cut him off at both ends. Good idea!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Whoever apprehends the thief first has to notify the other party. This way, we're fully covered.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Still, safety comes first. We do not yet know the identity of our thief. Please take care.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll be fine!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Okay. See you shortly.
:{{DIcon}} You take care, too!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Of course.
:{{Black Screen|After Albedo leaves, you and Paimon wait outside the cavern for a while...}}
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I wonder if Albedo found the thief... This is taking forever...
:{{DIcon}} He's not been that long.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Huh, maybe it just feels like a long time because Paimon hates waiting... Waiting is so boring.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we find something to do to pass the time? Y'know, something like... something like...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Look at all that Starsilver over there. Why don't we gather it up for Albedo?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's right next to the cavern, so we won't be going far. If anything happens inside, we can be right back here in no time.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, let's get started!

;(Examine the cavern entrance)
:'''You examine the cavern entrance...:''' The cavern entrance is rather narrow, and can barely allow one person to pass through at a time. Albedo has already gone within in pursuit of the culprit, so you might as well wait for him outside, just as he asked.

;(Break the first starsilver)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this stuff looks kinda... lackluster... is that because of the impurities, like Albedo was talking about?
;(Obtain [[Inferior Starsilver]] ×1)

;(Break the second starsilver)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, this one's not bad!
;(Obtain [[Quality Starsilver]] ×1)

;(Return to the cavern entrance)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, this should be enough... Some Starsilvers shine a lot more brightly than others, huh.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Finally, you're back!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes.
:{{DIcon}} Then why is the thief not with you?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Sorry, I was unable to catch him. He was faster than I had imagined.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Oh... So, after all that, we still don't even know who the thief was... Ugh, what a waste.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, we won't be going back completely empty-handed. We did some mining!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Mining?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, for Starsilver! Look, we got quite a lot!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just like you said &mdash; some are really bright and shiny, and others just look like regular lumps of rock with a little shiny bit here or there.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...Starsilver...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Haha, I was merely saying what was on the front of my mind. I hadn't thought you would genuinely go and gather some.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you said they can be turned into paint, so we got pretty curious!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, if it weren't for that thief, we'd be making paint by now anyway, right? Or even painting by this point.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway. It's all the thief's fault for wasting our time!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...Yes, it's all the thief's fault.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The notes mean a lot to me. I'm not quite ready to give up the search yet. Let's keep an eye out for clues as we go.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, just one thing &mdash; do you want us to bring all of this ore back? Or did you wanna sort through and get rid of the useless bits first?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no point bringing the bad ones back if it'll ruin the quality of the paint. Some of them do look pretty dull to Paimon, so it doesn't seem like those'll be of any use at all.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Indeed, the sorting process is necessary. Humans are such practical creatures. They only want those things that are good. Once they have learned to distinguish between good and bad, they will never stop comparing things in their minds.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Useless things should be disposed of at the outset.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, it saves a lot of time that way. Efficiency first! So let's start by...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 bennett 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Help! Help me!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, did you guys hear that? Was that... a cry for help?
:{{DIcon}} (That voice sounded very familiar!)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's likely an adventurer in danger!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go check it out!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay!

----
;(Approach the [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]] campsite)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The voice was definitely coming from around here!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 5 bennett 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Is anybody there!? Help me!
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way, is that..
:{{A|vo eqxs102 5 bennett 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmm? Is that the Traveler and Paimon!? It's me, Bennett!
:{{Introductory Note|character=Bennett}}
:{{A|vo eqxs102 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's really him...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get him out!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 5 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So sorry to trouble you guys again... The key should be someplace nearby, please help me find it!

;(Talk to Bennett while he is caged)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs102 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm sorry to trouble you. This was all my fault...
:{{DIcon}} Bennett, are you hurt?
::{{A|vo dialog eqxs102 bennett 02a.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' No, I'm fine. Thank you for asking! Right now I just need to get outta here... Brrrr, I'm so cold... Achoo!
:{{DIcon}} We will find the key.
::{{A|vo dialog eqxs102 bennett 02b.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Thanks! I'll be, uh, waiting right here!

;(Inspect the first area)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so much clutter... We're not gonna find the key here, surely?

;(Inspect the second area)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, we got company!

;(Defeat the Fatui)
;(Obtain [[Key (The Snowy Past)|Key]] ×1)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so they kept the key with them! Huh, we were searching around for nothing!

;(Open the cage)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Finally, I'm out. Thank you so much!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' If only there hadn't been rocks mixed in with the snow on the tree, it wouldn't have made me all dizzy when it fell down onto my head, and then I would've never walked into the Fatui's trap...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bennett... in a cage... never saw that coming!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha, I won't bore you with the rest of the details. Just me being unlucky again.
:{{DIcon}} We drove off the Fatui.
::{{DIcon}} We got revenge for you.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep. Taking them out was child's play. No need to thank us!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You did? Hahahaha, that's so nice of you guys!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I know they were probably just following orders... but still, thanks for helping me out!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what are you doing on Dragonspine? Didn't Razor wanna come with you?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Did you hear about the Adventurers' Guild thing? They're hosting a winter camp here. As one of their veteran adventurers, I'm here to help out the rookies.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Razor's not an adventurer, and as the leader of Benny's Adventure Team as well as the only actual member, I had to come on my own.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But now I've been stuck here for so long, I've probably missed it... I hope Cyrus doesn't get mad at me...
:{{DIcon}} So you're leading rookies, too...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh... Wait, so that guy Gerald, who got left in the lurch &mdash; he was supposed to be paired up with you?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If so... sorry, Bennett, but you really did miss it. He got paired up with a different instructor instead.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' What!?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Weren't they short on instructors? Where'd they suddenly get extras from?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A few people from the Knights of Favonius stepped up in order to help support the event. So they ended up with more instructors than students.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Knights of Favonius... Yeah, they're definitely more reliable than me &mdash; I'm just a walking accident waiting to happen...
:{{DIcon}} Don't be like that. You're great too.
:{{DIcon}} You can't directly compare knights and adventurers.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, right. Anyway, that was just the situation when we last saw them, it might've changed by now. Who knows, maybe a whole load more rookies will have turned up to join in!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, after all the trouble you've gone to show up as an instructor, Paimon's sure Cyrus will put you to work.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...Really?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For sure!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, wait a second... Where'd Albedo go?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't he come with us?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Albedo? You mean the alchemist from the Knights of Favonius? He's one of the instructors, too?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, he just happened to be on Dragonspine. We were just with him, but then we heard you calling for help... he must have left us at some point after that.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, could he have gone back to keep looking for clues?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go back to the cavern and see if he's there.

;(Head towards the cavern entrance)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still no sign of Albedo. This is weird, where has he run off to?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This is great, Dragonspine's so fun today! There's so many people around &mdash; it's never usually like this.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This was where we heard Bennett's cry for help... right?
:{{DIcon}} Right.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We heard his voice and went straight over to rescue him. Then we noticed Albedo was gone... Huh! So he just... didn't feel like helping us save Bennett!?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Wait, what!?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 01.ogg}} '''???:''' What are you talking about?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo! Where the heck have you been? We've been looking for you!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I should be the one to ask you that. Didn't I tell you to stay at the cavern entrance?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm not really following who was waiting for who, and who was looking for who... But, first things first!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I apologize, Albedo. I don't fully understand what's going on, but it seems like it's mostly my fault...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No, no... Bennett, this is not because of you. You needn't blame yourself.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, clear this up for me &mdash; what was the reason that you left the cavern entrance? Did you&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 01.ogg}} '''???:''' There you are!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Stay right there. You have a lot of explaining to do.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...Me?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Eula? Aren't you supposed to be helping the new guy?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Hmph, yes, that's what I would be doing &mdash; if I hadn't been interrupted by a certain someone's malicious scheming.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 04.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Albedo, I saw you taking Joel towards the wasteland at the edge of Dragonspine. That place is crawling with monsters. What the devil do you think you were doing?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, wait a second... What's going on!? Actually, wrong question &mdash; how much stuff is going on...?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 05.ogg}} '''Eula:''' When I came to stop you from leading Joel any further, your first reaction was to throw the child down and attack me. When I fought back, you quickly fled. Care to explain?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I see. Interesting.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 06.ogg}} '''Eula:''' "Interesting"?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Eula, it sounds like you met an impostor. Someone who was impersonating me.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 07.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Impersonating you...? To what end?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It is difficult to draw a definitive conclusion for now. But these strange incidents do seem to be connected.
:{{Black Screen|Albedo recounts meeting you, discovering the theft at the camp, and the pursuit of the culprit to everyone...}}
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 08.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Your alchemy notes were stolen? Can the Traveler and Paimon testify that the three of you were together up until you entered the cavern?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, we can confirm that.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As things stand, I don't have any reason to harm the child. Whoever you met is likely to be both the thief who stole my notes and also an impostor.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Of course, it's entirely natural for you to be skeptical of my story.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I was separated from the Traveler and Paimon for a significant duration while we were pursuing the thief. My word alone cannot serve as a definitive account of my actions and whereabouts during that period.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But the Traveler and Paimon can at least testify that I was not the individual who tore up the campsite or stole my notes.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Albedo, do you have any enemies? Could it be one of your enemies impersonating you to get revenge on you or something?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I don't have any enemies, and I'm not aware of having given anyone cause to exact vengeance upon me.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There is insufficient evidence to assert what happened with any certainty at this point. Given how serious the situation is, I intend to investigate it myself, even if you decide not to pursue it any further.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Eula, I won't discourage your ongoing suspicion of me if you can't believe my story. Though naturally, I would hope you can afford me some credibility on account of our solidarity as fellow members of the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, Paimon, Bennett, if you are willing, I welcome you to monitor my activities beyond this point so that you can act as my witnesses.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If I am what this impostor wants, he will come looking for me again eventually. Things can only become clearer from that point on.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 09.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 10.ogg}} '''Eula:''' I'll give you the benefit of the doubt, as preposterous as your claims sound, and I will choose to believe that an impostor went after Joel, and not you.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 11.ogg}} '''Eula:''' I will keep Joel safe. If you need any support with the investigation, contact myself and Amber.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You have my gratitude.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 12.ogg}} '''Eula:''' As far as Amber goes, I will...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 ambor 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Eula! EUUULAAA! Where are you!!!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 13.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Amber, we're here!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Eula! Oh, and Traveler, Paimon, Albedo, and Bennett, you're all together! Great!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Bennett, I'm glad I ran into you here. Cyrus was telling me you still hadn't shown up. He was getting worried you might've run into some trouble.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha... Yeah, I ran into a little trouble... thanks for your concern.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Sure thing. Well, that now that I've found you, let's go check in with Cyrus.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But before that &mdash; has something come up? How come you're all gathered here together? Need any help?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 14.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Between us, there have been a few minor incidents. But nothing I haven't already dealt with.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh! Uh, yeah, hehe, it's my fault really, all because of my bad luck. But everything is fine now!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' So, it's all set then? Great. Shall we head back down together? I did say I'd bring Bennett back if I saw him.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Sure, I'm ready to go!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 eula 15.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...Very well. Let's go.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then there were three.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, can we talk somewhere else? There is something I need to tell you.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 9 albedo 22.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Let's go to my camp.

----
;(Return to Albedo's camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 10 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' My camp is somewhere that we can talk openly without reservation. But before that...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... What a mess...
:{{DIcon}} I can help tidy up.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 10 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you. I appreciate it.

;(Tidy up the first point)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 11 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I've been absorbed in my research lately and haven't attended to the dusting... It's due for a cleaning.

;(Finish tidying the camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that should do it. Neat and tidy.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you, both of you.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Now that everything is in order... it's time to talk.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You look really serious right now... is this about what happened earlier?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I remember I once told you that you must have questions, and that I would answer them.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I also said that, while I did not wish to deceive you, there were certain things I could not go into detail on.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I am a synthetic human being... a human forged by human hand. The one who created me, my mother and teacher, her name is [[Rhinedottir]] &mdash; a researcher from [[Khaenri'ah]], also known as "Gold."
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A synthetic human!? What the... how the heck does that work?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' When the pinnacle of attainment in alchemy is combined with unimaginably vast learning... the apex achievement is the creation of human life.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you say Khaenri'ah, do you mean...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I am indeed somewhat older than my appearance might suggest. But when I came into being, Khaenri'ah had already been destroyed. I have no memories of it.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' My master raised me and taught me everything. Like her, I am a pure alchemist. I live for academic knowledge. Nationality and identity are not what ultimately define us.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, what is your general feeling toward Dragonspine? You've visited numerous times now. Would you say it's a... cold, eerie, and melancholy place?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Rhinedottir created two miraculous beings. One is me, and the other is the venomous dragon, [[Durin]], who died here.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Durin!? So that makes you guys... brothers?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As sons of Rhinedottir, [[Durin]] and I are indeed inextricably linked to one another.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The phenomenon of our creation defies definition within the scope of a typical human worldview, but if we may tentatively call it "birth"... then yes &mdash; we, by extension, are family.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of Durin, Paimon remembers that his power was quite special...
:{{DIcon}} A strange and tenacious life force.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' That's right.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Because of this, whenever strange things happen on Dragonspine, it always makes me wonder. For instance, the feeling of being watched that you described, as well as the sounds you heard... and the one impersonating me that Eula met...
:{{DIcon}} About that. There's something else I couldn't say earlier.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Paimon knows what you mean!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When Eula and the others were here just now, {{Traveler}} gave me a look as if to say, "Don't say anything." Probably because it would only make you more suspicious. So Paimon kept quiet...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon noticed that you came out of the cavern not too long after going in, and you told us that you didn't manage to catch the thief.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, we heard Bennett calling for help so we went to rescue him. But strangely, you didn't come with us, and when we got back to the cavern to go find you, suddenly you were the one looking for us.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' So it seems that you met my impostor, too.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well if so, it was a pretty good impression... he had you down to a T. We never would've guessed.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, after he left us, why did he go after Joel?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Perhaps, Durin's power drives people to madness... But that's merely crude conjecture.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Whether someone is impersonating me or there is another, false "me" out there... This is a cursed tale, and it is not one whose weight you should have to bear.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, perhaps you should return to Mondstadt if you have no further business here. The work that lies ahead will occupy me completely, I'm afraid I will be unable to entertain you beyond this point.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not going anywhere.
::{{DIcon}} Paimon and I will help with the investigation.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We're Dragonspine veterans by now!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If there's something really bad going on, we can't just leave you here to deal with it all on your own. That wouldn't be very nice, now, would it?
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, there's no one else in Mondstadt that you can talk to about this. Sucrose and Timaeus don't know your secret...
:{{DIcon}} We're the only ones who can help.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. Don't push us away at a time like this!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...Alright. Thank you.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 22.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You were intending to participate in that winter camp, if I recall correctly? That could serve as an excellent pretext for you to remain on the mountain.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 23.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In that case, please join in the activities of the Adventurers' Guild as planned, and be on the lookout for any leads while you're at it. If anyone sees "me," or someone like me...
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll be sure to pass the info straight onto you!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 24.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Good. Then we're agreed.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's split up to look for clues, then meet back here at this camp in a few days' time!
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 25.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Sounds good to me.
:{{A|vo eqxs102 12 albedo 26.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But please, whatever happens, put your safety first at all times.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Snowy Past
|zhs     = 冰雪往事
|zhs_rm  = Bīngxuě Wǎngshì
|zht     = 冰雪往事
|zht_rm  = Bīngxuě Wǎngshì
|zh_tl   = Past of Ice and Snow
|ja      = 氷雪の過去
|ja_rm   = Hyousetsu no Kako
|ja_tl   = Past of Ice and Snow
|ko      = 눈 덮인 과거
|ko_tl   = The Snow-Covered Past
|es      = Un pasado nevado
|es_tl   = A Snowy Past
|fr      = Passé enneigé
|fr_tl   = Snowy Past
|ru      = Снежное прошлое
|ru_tl   = The Snowy Past
|th      = อดีตของน้ำแข็งและหิมะ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Past of Ice and Snow
|vi      = Chuyện Xưa Của Băng Tuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Vergangenheit in Schnee und Eis
|de_tl   = Past in Snow and Ice
|id      = Masa Lalu Bersalju
|id_tl   = The Snowy Past
|pt      = O Passado Gelado
|pt_tl   = The Cold Past
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[ja:氷雪の過去]]
[[pt-br:O Passado Gelado]]
[[ru:Снежное прошлое]]