{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item The Sunken Years.png
|set   = Gilded Dreams
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|This dark-golden sundial seems to tell the ancient tale of the desert.}}
'''The Sunken Years''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Gilded Dreams]].

==Description==
"The vision of gold will appear in its most ancient form."<br>
In the beginning, the various tribes lived alongside the sands, their bloodlines connected to the earth.<br>
They followed the law of blood, and feared the memory of famine that ran deep in that blood.

Later, time swept across the land like gravel, and the God King rose up as a result, casting a long shadow.<br>
In that forgotten era, the gods shaped the land, creating oases and flowing springs.<br>
Following the God King's example, the tribes would build high walls, thrones, and gather in prosperous feudal kingdoms.<br>
Imitating the God King's appearance, the feudal states also recalled the days long-past when they had kings and priests.<br>
In those days, the wise kings received oracles from the [[Celestia|high heavens]], and the land knew not the meaning of disaster...

"The king shall, in wisdom, revive the golden past,"<br>
"And [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza|stop the sands of time with divine power untrammeled]]."

Indeed. The golden age of the king of the ocean of sand and the sand people will come at last.<br>
[[The Eternal Dream, Ever Lush|Yon golden slumber summons thee, wandering sand. In it, there shall be neither sorrow nor parting.]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Sunken Years
|zhs      = 沉金的岁月
|zhs_rm   = Chénjīn de Suìyuè
|zht      = 沉金的歲月
|zht_rm   = Chénjīn de Suìyuè
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 深金の歳月
|ja_rm    = Shinkin no Saigetsu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Deep-Gold Years
|ko       = 가라앉은 세월
|ko_tl    = The Sunken Years
|es       = Tiempos Dorados
|es_tl    = Golden Times
|fr       = Les années dorées
|fr_tl    = The Golden Years
|ru       = Золотые годы
|ru_tl    = The Golden Years
|th       = The Sunken Years
|vi       = Năm Tháng Vàng Son
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Goldene Jahre
|de_tl    = Golden Years
|id       = The Sunken Years
|pt       = Anos Dourados
|pt_tl    = Golden Years
|tr       = Mazideki Yıllar
|tr_tl    = Past Years
|it       = Gli anni sommersi
|it_tl    = The Sunken Years
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Gilded Dreams}}

[[fr:Les années dorées]]
[[ja:深金の歳月]]
[[tr:Mazideki Yıllar]]
[[vi:Năm Tháng Vàng Son]]
[[zh:沉金的歲月]]