{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73522; 73523
|image         = Event Quest That Incident From Twenty Years Ago.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Suspicions Aroused]]
|characters    = Dori; Paimon; Rishti; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Sachin's Article
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
}}
'''''The Contestant''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Ask Dori for information
# Ask around in Aaru Village

==Gameplay Notes==
* After completing both this quest and the main event storyline, Dori has [[The Arc of Intellect#Dori|optional dialogue]] related to her event World Quests.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet Dori again. Ask her if she knows something else...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Dori)
:'''Dori:''' It's time yet again for an information sale from Lord Sangemah Bay!
:'''Dori:''' Would you two like to purchase the latest reports? Let me see, this information isn't that important so it'll go for only half a million Mora!
:'''Dori:''' It's half the usual price. What a bargain!
:{{DIcon}} Mind giving it to me for free?
:'''Dori:''' Whoa, you want to bring it down to zero Mora. Just as I expected...
:'''Dori:''' But, I am the great Lord Sangemah Bay. Well, since you're so interested, I'll tell you for free, but you must keep it to yourselves!
:'''Dori:''' I heard that twenty years ago, there was a contestant whose personality suddenly changed after taking part in the competition!
:'''Dori:''' Well, it looks like someone saw him in Aaru Village. I wonder where he ended up?
:'''Dori:''' That's all the information you're getting for free. If you want to hear more, you gotta pay two million Mora. I appreciate your patronage!
:'''Paimon:''' What a rip off! We can just go to Aaru Village ourselves and ask around!

;(Talk to Dori again, optional)
:'''Dori:''' Mm, you've realized it too, haven't you?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|It looks like someone in Aaru Village saw the mysterious contestant twenty years ago...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Rishti)
:'''Rishti:''' Twenty years ago... a young man did appear here.
:'''Rishti:''' Back then, life was much harder than it is now. Poverty, disease, ignorance... They tormented us constantly.
:'''Rishti:''' That young man, clearly from the Akademiya with a bright future, was nevertheless willing to come here and help us.
:'''Rishti:''' He taught us how to deal with Wenut and monsters. He bought us a lot of medicine with money from his own pocket and took care of the ill all by himself.
:'''Paimon:''' He sounds like a great guy!
:'''Rishti:''' Yeah... Too bad the good die young.
:'''Rishti:''' He was always frowning, and no one knew what he was worried about. Everyone was wondering if he was going to leave us. This place did not have the means to properly host him.
:'''Rishti:''' Still, many said he was a bit crazy to begin with. For example, he would sometimes tell children a story about how, as a child, he taught a strange creature to write.
:'''Rishti:''' Later, he would often leave the village and explore the desert. Once, I asked him what he was looking for, and he said he wanted to talk to someone from the [[Nagarjunites|Nagarsomething]] group.
:'''Rishti:''' Later on, I heard that he died in the quicksand. It is said that he encountered a caravan trapped in quicksand on his way to investigate something. He saved many people but he himself was unable to get out in time...
:'''Rishti:''' At that time, there was still a half-finished letter addressed to his child at home. After he died, my son took that letter with him, thinking about delivering it someday.
:'''Paimon:''' Is that unfinished letter... still here?
:'''Rishti:''' No. It's not here...
:'''Rishti:''' To live a better life, my son became a mercenary. He was killed in a scuffle a few years ago, and his belongings were taken.
:'''Rishti:''' Many years have passed in the blink of an eye. I wonder how his child turned out, and if they hold a grudge against him?
:'''Rishti:''' Not many people know these things anymore. I'm getting old. Perhaps, I'll forget these things soon, too.

;(Talk to Rishti again, optional)
:'''Rishti:''' He... must have had a lot that he wanted to say to his child... It's a pity that... *sigh*
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = The Contestant
|zhs       = 「当初那位参赛者」
|zhs_rm    = "Dāngchū Nà Wèi Cānsài-zhě"
|zht       = 「當初那位參賽者」
|zht_rm    = "Dāngchū Nà Wèi Cānsài-zhě"
|zh_tl     = "The Contestant at That Time"
|ja        = 「あの時の参加者」
|ja_rm     = "Ano Toki no Sankasha"
|ja_tl     = "The Contestant at That Time"
|ko        = 「그때 그 참가자」
|ko_tl     = "The Contestant at That Time"
|es        = El participante
|es_tl     = The Participant
|fr        = Le concurrent
|fr_tl     = The Opponent
|ru        = Участник прежних состязаний
|ru_tl     = Participant of Previous Contests
|th        = "ผู้เข้าชิงคนนั้นเมื่อปีนั้น"
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = "Tuyển Thủ Năm Đó"
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = „Der Teilnehmer“
|de_tl     = "The Participant"
|id        = Kontestan Waktu Itu
|id_tl     = Contestant At That Time
|pt        = O Participante Daquela Época
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Yarışmacı
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Il concorrente
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:O Participante Daquela Época]]
[[ru:Участник прежних состязаний]]