{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19104
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Diona
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Cat and the Cocktail
|startLocation = [[Dadaupa Gorge]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Dadaupa Gorge
|requirement   = [[The Cat and the Cocktail]]
|prev          = A Special Base Drink
|next          = Samachurl Herbal Soup
|other         = 
* Diona's Special ending (Branch 1 only)
|characters    = Allan; Diona; Draff; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Shadow Over Dadaupa''' is a quest in the second branch of [[Diona]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[The Cat and the Cocktail]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Diona
# Avoid the monsters and head deeper into Dadaupa Gorge

# Talk to Diona
# Head to the hilichurl camp
# Talk to Draff
#* Listen to Draff. Proceed to [[The Shadow Over Dadaupa#Ending: Diona's Special|Diona's Special]]
#* Ignore Draff. Proceed to [[Samachurl Herbal Soup]]
# Talk to Allan

# Talk to Diona

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Getting deep into Dadaupa Gorge may require a cunning plan...}}
===The Shadow Over Dadaupa===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910401 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hey, there's loads of monsters ahead, be careful! You don't want to shake up the entire gorge, do you?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910401 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' D&mdash;Don't think that I'm worried about you. Because I'm not! If you get noticed, then I'll definitely be in trouble too. So... so just be careful, okay?

;(Being noticed)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910402 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' We've been spotted!

;(Being noticed three times)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910401 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Wha... Well that definitely caught their attention. You caused quite a commotion...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910401 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Looks like we won't be able to do this together... I'll think of another way.
:'''''Hangout Event Ended:''''' The monsters of Dadaupa Gorge have all been alerted, and thus does Diona's plan fail as well...

;(Getting to the first spot)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910402 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Psst, hey! Move more to the side and stay hidden, otherwise they'll spot you!
;(Finding Diona at the first spot)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910402 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh? How did you find me? I haven't been keeping an eye on you! I just happen to be hiding here.
;(Getting to the second spot)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910402 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Just hide in the bushes if there's no other way.
;(Finding Diona at the second spot)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Keep your head down silly, and don't get spotted! Hurry, this way!
;(Getting to the third spot)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910402 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Careful, don't get too close to the monsters, keep to the side of the road...
;(Finding Diona at the third spot)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Whaa... how did you find me? Guess you've got a couple tricks up your sleeve, too. Let's keep going.
;(Finding Diona at the fourth spot)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910402 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Not bad... you were able to keep up.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910402 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That stupid old man should be here somewhere. Let's search around.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dead-Drunk Draff===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' What was that? Some kind of... soup? *hic* Or herbs?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh, just as I suspected... he's completely drunk!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Oh! Is that you, Diona? My beloved daughter... Hmm? What're you... doing here anyway?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Oh! Right! You must be here for th&mdash;that soup... or herbs... or what was it again?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 04.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Well I found it! ...Just for you! It's all here in my flask, hahaha... Look, it's full of soup, or... whatever this stuff is!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh, c'mon Daddy, pull yourself together... How much did you have to drink?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 05.ogg}} '''Draff''' N&mdash;Not much, really... just the usual amount haha...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 06.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Here! Take my flask with the herbal soup stuff that you were looking for. I'm going to continue the hunt... *hic*
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 07.ogg}} '''Draff:''' You know, I saw this huge... I mean HUGE hilihog next to the tribe's camp.
:{{DIcon}} What's a hilihog?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 08.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Ha! You don't know a hilihog? It's like a forest boar... I saw it next to the hilichurl *hic* tribe's camp! It's called a hi-li-hog! Boy, you sure don't know anything about hunting... haha...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 09.ogg}} '''Draff:''' And not only were there hilihogs, there were hiliHOUNDS, too! Ugh, don't you know anything? *hic* Well... if we can hunt a hilihog, it'd mean a lot of food for a long time.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh... looks like he's enjoyed himself today.
:{{DIcon}} I was looking forward to seeing some hilihogs and hilihounds...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hey, keep it together! You're not the one that's drunk!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Silly old man... I doubt he can even walk straight in this state.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' If we're gonna get him out of here, we need to sober him up. Good thing I know just what to make for him.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But given how much he usually drinks, I'll need ingredients that'll pack a real punch.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Perhaps the herbal soup made by the samachurls will come in handy...
:{{DIcon}} Draff said he had just found some, let's ask him.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} I can deal with a few monsters. I'll bring some of that herbal soup back.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Pff! I wouldn't trust a single word this old drunk says. But go ahead and talk to him if you believe him. Tch, there's probably nothing but some leftover booze in his flask anyway.
:{{DIcon}} Draff, may I take a look at your flask? Diona needs to use some of that herbal soup.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 10.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Hm? Oh! Sure... here, take it. Just don't spill it. It took a lot of... *hic* ...a lot of work to get that stuff.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sigh* You actually asked him for the soup? C'mon don't waste any more time, there's only...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 12.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh! What's that smell!? *cough* *cough* Get that stuff away from me! Yuck, that's awful!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 13.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...Wait... *cough* ...could this really be that herbal soup?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 11.ogg}} '''Draff:''' How 'bout that! Daddy remembered what you *hic* told me... Ah... give your old man some credit, I made a promise and I kept it... I, haha... wouldn't ever let my baby down. Ha...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 14.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 15.ogg}} '''Diona:''' My genius father... What are you gonna use to hold your booze in now that you've filled your flask with this stuff, hmmm?"
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 12.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I'll just drink straight from the bottle! Hehehe, it's not a problem... *hic* ...not a problem at all...
:{{DIcon}} Well, looks like we have everything we need.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 16.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Right, I'll whip up a concoction to sober him up. It won't take long.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 17.ogg}} '''Diona:''' This soup was meant to give hilichurls energy. Combined with some ingredients I have, this should snap him right out of it.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 18.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hehe, good thing I brought my shaker with me. Uh... it'd be a waste to use up all the ingredients at once.
:{{DIcon}} Can you really use this to sober him up?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 19.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I have my ways... just sit back and watch.

:'''''Diona begins making a concoction to sober up Draff...'''''

:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 20.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Alright, it's finished! Here Daddy, drink this.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 13.ogg}} '''Draff:''' No! I&mdash;I can't drink anymore! If I drink more, my daughter will be very angry with me...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 14.ogg}} '''Draff:''' No more, can't drink... anymore! Drinking &mdash; is &mdash; bad.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 21.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh!? Why would he remember stuff like that now!?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 22.ogg}} '''Diona:''' C'mon! Just! Drink it!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 15.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *sip* Ooh! Hehe, hey! This tastes pretty good... Fine, I'll drink... a little bit... JUST a little bit though...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 23.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Yeah, that's right, just a little bit. Now, down the hatch!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 16.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *glug* *glug* *glug*
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 17.ogg}} '''Draff:''' ...Ahh... Wow... wow that was incredible...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 18.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Huh? Wh&mdash;What are you doing here, Diona? Argh... and... why does my head hurt so bad?
:{{DIcon}} (Could those ingredients really make something that good?)
:{{DIcon}} (What's going on...?)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 24.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sigh* That seemed to do the trick. If you're sober now, then let's hurry and get out of here.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 19.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Huh? Oh, right... I remember now. I came here looking for something. I think it was some kind of... herbal soup or something?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 20.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Yeah, that's it! Herbal soup! The one you told me about last time, Diona. Samachurls make that stuff a&mdash;and I found it!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 21.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I filled my whole flask with it, too! It'll definitely be enough for you. It's right here... wait. Where's my flask? Oh no... I didn't lose it, did I?
:{{DIcon}} Diona has it.
:{{DIcon}} Diona already used the soup to sober you up.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 22.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Really? Did I... drink too much again? Oh...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 25.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Never mind, Daddy. I'm already used to it. Now that you're sober, let's start heading back. Allan and the others are waiting at the entrance.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 23.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Ah! That's right... *sigh* I completely forgot about Allan...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 26.ogg}} '''Diona:''' How do you feel, Daddy? If you still can't walk, the Traveler can help you.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 24.ogg}} '''Draff:''' No no, I'm fine. Let's get going.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 25.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *sigh* I... must have gotten carried away with my drinking again... Diona, I'm... *sigh*
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 27.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Daddy... I've seen it all before. Besides, you've done way weirder things when you've been drinking.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 28.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Like the time you chased dogs around town calling them hilihounds, or that other time you filled empty bottles with the town's spring water and kept chugging them...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 29.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Oh, and don't forget that time you begged Myweiss to write you a song about a hunter and his... loyal hilihound.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 26.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Alright, alright! That's enough. The Traveler can hear you, you know...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 30.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh. What you did this time was actually pretty normal compared to what you've done in the past.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 27.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *sigh* Good thing I found that herbal soup, otherwise we really would have been up a creek without a paddle...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 31.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 32.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Thanks, Daddy.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 28.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Huh? What'd you say? I couldn't hear you very well...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 33.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ummm, I said don't drink so much!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 29.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Okay, okay... I know. I'll try to drink less from now on.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 diona 34.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sigh* ...Silly old man.

;(Talk to Allan)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 allan 01.ogg}} '''Allan:''' It's Diona and the Honorary Knight. You've brought Draff back!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 allan 02.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Thank goodness you're alright. I was about to report to the Knights of Favonius if you took any longer.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 allan 03.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Are you okay, Draff?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I'm fine, thanks to Diona and the Traveler. Otherwise, things might have ended very differently.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Allan, go round up the others. Let's tally up our game and head back to Springvale.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 allan 04.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Understood, I'll get right on it.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Diona, Traveler... will you be coming back to Springvale with us?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 02b.ogg}}--> '''Diona:''' No, we only came here for the herbal soup.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And since you've already found it for us, we'll return to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 draff 04.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Alright. Oh, but do you still have enough left over after making the stuff to sober me up?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...Of course we do. I'm a professional bartender, there's no way I'd use up all my ingredients at once, tch. The remainder will be enough for what I need.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' We'll be on our way back to Mondstadt then. Just hurry up and get yourself back to Springvale, Daddy.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Oh, and don't drink so much!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 draff 05.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I know I know, don't worry. I mean, I don't even have my flask anymore...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Yeah right! Who knows how many more of those you have.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Traveler, we've gathered all the ingredients we need. Now, let's head back to the Cat's Tail.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' When we arrive, I'll make you a supreme specialty drink that will shatter every fantasy you've ever had about booze.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 draff 06.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *sigh* Drinking sure causes a lot of trouble, I really need to control myself from now on.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910404 allan 05.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Draff, everyone's ready. We can head out once we've tallied up the hunt.
{{Dialogue end}}

====Diona's Special====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Diona at the Cat's Tail)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Alright, let's go inside. I'll clean my shaker and pour out the herbal soup from the old man's flask...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' What's wrong? Didn't you want a cocktail? Why are you just staring like that?
:{{DIcon}} How are you able to make anything from an ingredient that smells like that?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ah, so that's what you're wondering. I can't help it. Basically, any drink that's made by my hands can only be a good drink.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' This isn't bartender's pride talking, this is a fact.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Regardless of the type of ingredients or method, as long as I make the drink myself, it's bound to be delicious.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' However, that's just the way it is for now. I've been searching for a solution, and the herbal soup is one of the ingredients that I've been searching for.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Once I find the solution, I'll show those old boozehounds how terrible alcohol really is, haha!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Anyway, aren't you here for a drink yourself? Come on in, I have plenty of ingredients to whip you up something special inside.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And after I make you my specialty drink, haha! I promise you'll never want to set foot in another tavern ever again.
:{{DIcon}} That bad, huh... Didn't you just say that you can only make delicious drinks?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Uh, well... Yeah. But I also said that's only for now. There are plenty of methods and ingredients I haven't tried yet.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910405 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Just hurry up and come in... And prepare for a specialty drink that I'm making just for you! Meow!
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Diona's Special====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Diona's Special
|character       = Diona
|act             = 1
|description     = If it's mixed by Diona... surely it can't be that bad?
}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910403 draff 30.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Herbal soup? I've got some right here... *hic* I'm sure of it!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910411 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' He's not sobering up any time soon. I'll stay here and keep an eye on the drunk old fart. Good luck!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910411 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Take it... the herbal soup is in my flask. I still have that hilihog to catch! Or wait, was it a hilihound...? *hic* Well, it don't matter...
{{Dialogue end}}

====Samachurl Herbal Soup====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Observe pot)
:'''Observe Pot:''' (This pot seems to be empty)
:{{DIcon}} (There's nothing inside...)
:{{DIcon}} (Let's keep looking elsewhere...)

;(Observe pot)
:'''Observe Pot:''' (Some funky liquids are twirling inside this pot. Just a whiff of the smell is enough to make you dizzy.)
:{{DIcon}} (This is probably the herbal soup that Diona is looking for...)
:{{DIcon}} (But the smell... can she really make a drink out of this?)

;(Proceed to [[Samachurl Herbal Soup]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Shadow Over Dadaupa
|zhs     = 达达乌帕谷之影
|zhs_rm  = Dádáwūpà-gǔ zhī Yǐng
|zht     = 達達烏帕谷之影
|zht_rm  = Dádáwūpà-gǔ zhī Yǐng
|zh_tl   = The Shadow of Dadaupa Gorge
|ja      = ダダウパの谷の影
|ja_rm   = Dadaupa no Tani no Kage
|ja_tl   = Shadow of the Dadaupa Valley
|ko      = 타타우파 협곡의 그림자
|ko_rm   = Tataupa Hyeopgok-ui Geurimja
|ko_tl   = The Shadow of Dadaupa Canyon
|es      = Sombras del Valle Dadaupa
|es_tl   = Shadows of the Dadaupa Valley
|fr      = L'ombre de la Vallée Dadaupa
|fr_tl   = The Shadow of the Dadaupa Valley
|ru      = Тень ущелья Дадаупа
|ru_tl   = The Shadow of the Dadaupa Gorge
|th      = เงาแห่ง Dadaupa Gorge
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bóng của Hẻm Núi Dadaupa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatten der Dadaupa-Schlucht
|de_tl   = Shadow of the Dadaupa Gorge
|id      = Bayangan yang Mengitari Dadaupa
|id_tl   = The Shadow that Circling Dadaupa
|pt      = A Sombra Sobre o Vale de Dadaupa
|pt_tl   = The Shadow Over the Dadaupa Valley
|tr      = Dadaupa'daki Gölge
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'ombra su Dadaupa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}