{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40055
|image         = Event Quest The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture.png
|title         = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture
|type          = Story
|chapter       = True Tales of the Violet Garden
|act           = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Albedo; Aratani; Hirayama; Klee; Kujou Sara; Kuroda; Lyra; Murata (Inazuma); Paimon; Traveler; Venti
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|prev          = Festive Elegance
|next          = What the Blue Flowers Left Behind (Quest)
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[The Moon and Stars Inscribe]]
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture''' is the second part of the [[True Tales of the Violet Garden]]: Act I - [[The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following day (06:00 – 08:00)
# Go to the Ritou docks
# Go to the [[International Trade Association]]
# Go to the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]]
# Go to the warehouse near the docks
# Talk to [[Venti]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Head to the Ritou docks according to the arrival schedule. The guests should arrive at 08:00 the next day.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait until the next day)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|It is time for the ships to arrive. Head for the Ritou docks.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After waiting till the next day)
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to the Arrival Schedule, there will be a ship arriving from Mondstadt today.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The artist for The Five Kasen portraits should be on board.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The boat should be arriving soon, so let's head down to the docks.

;(Approach the docks)
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! You must be here to take part in the Irodori Festival? We're the festival guides and will show you around.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 lil 01.ogg}} '''Lyra:''' Yes, that's right. We are bards from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 lil 02.ogg}} '''Lyra:''' Word has it that Inazuma has undergone many changes of late. We hope to find fresh inspiration here.
:;(Paimon looks about at the passengers)
:{{DIcon}} Uh, Paimon? What are you doing?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These guests are all bards, aren't they? Well, where's Tone-Deaf Bard then?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange, he is pretty famous in Mondstadt... Do you think he didn't receive an invitation?
:{{DIcon}} Even if he was invited, there's a chance he still wouldn't show up.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, why's that?
:{{DIcon}} Well, you know. Venti's an...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Paimon sees what you're getting at. Even though Venti no longer rules over Mondstadt, he's still an archon.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If he came rushing to Inazuma at the first mention of a festival, not only would it seem a little childish, it would also sorta be shameless of him, too.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjeq002 2 klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight! Paimon!
:;(Klee rushes off the ship to them, Albedo disembarking moments later)
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's Klee! Were you also invited to the Irodori Festival?
:{{Introductory Note|Klee}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' No, Albedo's the one who received the invitation.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But because everyone in the Knights of Favonius has been really busy these days, Albedo arranged for someone here to issue me a Dependant Pass.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Greetings, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. After hearing that Inazuma was making preparations for the Irodori Festival, I predicted that I might run into you here.
:{{Introductory Note|Albedo}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, Paimon knew it! Albedo's the one they've invited to paint The Five Kasen.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It seems that you already know why I'm here. Just so you're aware, I'll be using my pen name in Inazuma, Calx.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' By the way, do you know where the International Trade Association is? I'll be meeting with the editorial director of the Yae Publishing House there.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, the International Trade Association is where you'll be staying in Inazuma. We'll be heading there, too.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 2 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Great, let's get going then.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Irodori Festival guests will be putting up at the International Trade Association, and Albedo has also agreed to meet his editor there, so that's where you're headed.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach International Trade Association)
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Wow, it's so beautiful here. So many things I've never seen before!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Slow down, Klee. Please, be careful not to bump into others.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' *sigh* Telling Klee so many stories about Inazuma during the trip was probably not the best idea.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As a result, she could hardly sleep all the way here. It appears she's even more excited now that we've arrived.
:{{DIcon}} That's how kids are.
:{{DIcon}} Nothing wrong with a little excitement.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Strange... It seems that the editorial director, Mr. Hirayama, isn't here yet. I'm certain he said that he'd be sure to arrive before me. This might be a problem.
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well, Mr. Hirayama was supposed to meet with me and give me some reference materials about The Five Kasen today. That way, I could better visualize the content for my paintings.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean you had no idea what you'd be painting before you arrived in Inazuma?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I only know of The Five Kasen by name. Because of the sheer age of the tale, very little has been passed down to this day, so Mr. Hirayama decided to help me collect some more information.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'm the type of painter who can complete a painting quickly as long as I'm inspired. So I agreed on only receiving the details today.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So when do the paintings have to be done by?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' According to the festival plans, the portraits will be revealed one at a time throughout the various stages of the Irodori Festival. The first one depicting Suikou will need to be done before the festival's official opening ceremony, which is the day after tomorrow.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The day after tomorrow!? Then you're already running out of time!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There's no need to panic. When I was working on light novel illustrations, because the manuscripts are shipped by boat, things were always tight and finished at the last minute.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Just last month, to ensure the latest book of A Legend of Sword would be finished for the Irodori Festival, I had to complete the final chapter's illustrations the same day I received the manuscript.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I heard that my illustrations were sent to print as soon as they arrived in Inazuma. I still don't know how well they turned out.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon isn't sure if she should feel sympathetic for your working conditions, or compliment you on your artistic genius.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Of course, I would still prefer to receive any possible reference materials in advance so that I can be better prepared.
:{{DIcon}} Speaking of which, Miko did mention...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! The editors of the Yae Publishing House will all be around the Outlander Affairs Agency these next few days.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knows, maybe Mr. Hirayama's over there too. We'll take you over there to see if we can find him, Albedo!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Alright, it's worth a try. Klee, you haven't slept for a while now. Please stay at our residence in the International Trade Association and get some rest. We will be back soon.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 3 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okey-dokey. Don't worry, Albedo, I'll be on my best behavior!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Albedo's editor, Editorial Director Hirayama, has not shown up. Perhaps he might be found near the Outlander Affairs Agency.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Outlander Affairs Agency)
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 aratani 01.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' This can't be happening! The moment we need to contact Onodera is when he's on special leave.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 aratani 02.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Kuroda and I will go back to Inazuma City for an emergency printing run. The demand for this book is so high though, even with the emergency prints it still might not be enough.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 murata 01.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Despite everything, we're still lucky that we found out today. If this had happened a few days later, then we'd really be in boiling water.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 murata 02.ogg}} '''Murata:''' *sigh* Hey, do you think that the suspicious guy they found in the warehouse has anything to do with this?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Well, the editorial director is on his way over there to investigate the situation as we speak.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, sorry to interrupt, but what's going on here?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 murata 03.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Oh, hey Traveler. Don't worry, it's nothing. Just an internal issue, that's all. How can I help you?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'm looking for the editorial director, Mr. Hirayama. Does anyone know where he is now?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 murata 04.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Mr. Hirayama is currently at the warehouse down by the harbor...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 02.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Hold on a second, Murata.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 03.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Uh, excuse me, but you must be Calx, the one who was invited to paint The Five Kasen for the festival?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, that's me.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 04.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' My name is Kuroda. You must be inquiring about information regarding The Five Kasen.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 05.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' I do apologize, but please make yourself comfortable at the International Trade Association, and I will let Mr. Hirayama know to send you the materials right away.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no need! You guys look super busy, so we can go find him ourselves.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 06.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Ah well, a&mdash;about that...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Excuse me, but is there something wrong with the latest volume of A Legend of Sword?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 07.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Huh! How did you know?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Since you were all aware that Mr. Hirayama needed to send me some supporting materials, that means the editorial director didn't forget about it. Instead, something urgent must've cropped up.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' To add to that, despite being aware that I am Calx, you are still unwilling to let me go to Mr. Hirayama directly.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' After considering these factors, the only reason you would try to stall me is if something happened to A Legend of Sword, which I did the illustrations for.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 08.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Well, uh... *sigh* I'm very sorry. The situation is just as you said, Calx. I suppose it doesn't hurt to tell you now...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 09.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Earlier today, someone spotted a suspicious outlander sneaking around inside the Irodori Festival warehouse down by the docks, so they promptly alerted the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 10.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' The Tenryou Commission was concerned about potential cargo theft, so they contacted everyone who was renting space in the warehouse. It was then that we realized that the latest copies of A Legend of Sword had suddenly gone missing!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? The books are missing!?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 11.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Shh... Not so loud!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 kuroda 12.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Not only is this book an eagerly anticipated release in the last phase of the Irodori Festival, but the author, Zhenyu, will be personally attending the release party as well.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 murata 05.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Because of the dire situation, Mr. Hirayama immediately hurried to the warehouse to determine whether the theft was related to that suspicious outlander.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I see. It would be a great misfortune if A Legend of Sword would not be released on schedule, and quite the disappointment for Zhenyu as well.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If Mr. Hirayama has gone to the warehouse at the docks, then I'll go down to see if I can be of any help.
;(If player has completed [[Yae Publishing House's Invitation]])
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 04a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the author of A Legend of Sword is Zhenyu, sounds familiar... Hey, isn't that Xingqiu's pen name?
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 09a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh? Do you know him?
::{{DIcon}} We've met on a couple of occasions.
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 04a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xingqiu would definitely be upset if he discovers that his books are missing... Let's accompany Albedo to the warehouse, too.
;(If player has not completed [[Yae Publishing House's Invitation]])
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Zhenyu... Hmm, sounds like a name from Liyue. Albedo, what kind of person is the author of this book?
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 09b 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I have not met him personally, but the editors said that he is actually the second son of the Feiyun Commerce Guild family in Liyue.
::{{DIcon}} The second son of the Feiyun Commerce Guild?
::{{DIcon}} Isn't that Xingqiu?
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 albedo 09b 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh? Do you know him?
::{{DIcon}} We've met on a couple of occasions.
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 04b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's a real twist! Paimon never would have guessed that Xingqiu would be publishing a light novel together with Albedo!
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 04b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But enough about that, Xingqiu would definitely be upset if he discovers that his books are missing.
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 4 paimon 04b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's accompany Albedo to the warehouse, too.

;(Talk to Murata again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq002 murata 01.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Aratani and Kuroda are going back to Inazuma City to start printing extra copies of A Legend of Sword. I'll stay here and hold down the fort.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq002 murata 02.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Of course, I still hope those novels can be found soon and that things won't take a turn for the worse.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The copies of "A Legend of Sword"'s latest volume have gone missing. Hirayama has also gone to the warehouse where the incident took place. Head over there quickly and investigate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...
:{{Introductory Note|Kujou Sara}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It's you!... Why are you here!?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I'm here on behalf of the Tenryou Commission, of course. Is that surprising?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, Sara, Paimon wasn't talking about you...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Tone-Deaf Bard... The suspicious outlander in the warehouse wouldn't happen to be you, would it?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ehe... Considering the evidence, it appears that the suspicious outlander is... indeed me.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As I have told you, you are a suspect. Before your allegations of theft and illegal entry as a stowaway are cleared, you are to remain silent. Don't make me say it again.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Traveler, Paimon, do you know this self-proclaimed bard from Mondstadt?
:{{DIcon}} Well, I can't say he's a complete stranger...
:{{DIcon}} You could say we're quite familiar...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, listen Sara... Knowing him, it's safe to say that he wasn't behind the theft. But, what's this about being a stowaway?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Although he claims to be a special guest for the Irodori Festival, he's failed to present his Invitation Letter. Therefore, we can only suspect that he might've entered the country illegally.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' And just a moment ago, we caught him in a [[Dandelion Wine]] crate near the Sailing Breeze.
:{{DIcon}} Could we ask him a few questions?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If it would help shed any light on the situation, then please, be my guest.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Venti... You didn't really come here illegally, did you?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ouch, your words wound me... We've been apart for so long, and the moment we meet again, all I'm greeted with is grilling questions and suspicious glares.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' *sigh* You arrived in Inazuma via similar means, or, so I heard... You of all people should be more understanding, don't you think?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' "Similar means"?
:{{DIcon}} Let's not bring up past now!
:{{DIcon}} We had no choice!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I merely jest. Fear not, for the person who sent me the invitation is none other than Kamisato Ayato of Yashiro Commission. It's unlikely that someone acquainted with the likes of him would ever be here illegally, right?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why weren't you on the same ship as the other bards?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, once I received the Invitation Letter, I couldn't help but want to come to Inazuma a little early. It was then that I happened upon a cargo ship bound for Inazuma transporting Dandelion Wine, so, naturally, I decided to set sail with them.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Once aboard, I found the captain to be a kindred spirit, and I was treated to an abundance of fine liquor along the way. Uh, I must have fallen asleep in the cargo crate while carefully comparing the tastes of Dandelion Wine and Inazuman sake.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And when I woke up, I found myself in this warehouse with a Tenryou Commission general glaring at me from atop the crate.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Coming from Venti, this story is quite believable. But, it still feels a bit...
:{{DIcon}} Childish...
:{{DIcon}} Shameless...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 hirayama 01.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Excuse me, I'm the owner of the stolen goods from the Yae Publishing House, and there are some questions I would like to ask you.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 hirayama 02.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Based on what you just said, it seems you've been in the warehouse for some time now. If that's the case, did you happen to hear anything unusual?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Actually, I did hear some faint footsteps around me a couple of times. But I didn't consider the sound anything out of the ordinary.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 hirayama 03.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Hmm? But if you clearly heard something, why didn't you feel it was unusual?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh, I seem to understand now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What did you notice, Albedo?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' When it comes to burglars, they are generally associated with prying or rummaging through things. What Venti means is that he did not hear anything unusual like that.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As for the sound of footsteps, because this is a warehouse where many goods are coming in and out each day, it is quite normal for people to be walking around.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 hirayama 04.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' I see, but if that's the case, then we're back to square one regarding the stolen books.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No, not quite. From the facts that have been presented to us, we can draw at least three conclusions now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' First, whoever took the novels is not a spur-of-the-moment burglar, they had their sights on the books from the very beginning. Second, the culprit was very familiar with the warehouse and might even have a key. And third...
:{{DIcon}} There must be more than one criminal involved.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I knew you'd catch on, {{Traveler}}. One person couldn't possibly transport so many heavy books in such a short window of time, it must have been a team effort.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It goes without saying that Venti clearly does not match up with our culprits.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Yes, I agree with your reasoning.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Mr. Hirayama, the Tenryou Commission will continue by investigating the warehouse staff. If you come across any further clues, please notify us immediately.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 hirayama 05.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Yes, understood. I'll leave it to you, then.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hee hee, I suppose I'm free as a bird then...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Not so fast. Even though we've cleared the theft allegations, we still haven't ascertained whether your arrival in Inazuma was legal or not.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aw, 'tis a shame! I thought surely after my honest account you might let me off the hook.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sara's quite the meticulous one. So where's your Invitation Letter, Venti?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yes, the Invitation Letter. Eh-he, I'm truly sorry. I can't seem to remember where I may have put it.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... How could you lose something so important!?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't be mistaken, I was well aware of how important it was. But I didn't bring any luggage with me, and the letter was too big to fit in my pocket, so I kept it in my hand the whole trip.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Strange... Though I had a little too much to drink, I know that I kept it in a secure place. I even recall being most pleased at coming up with a good idea at the time.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you were holding the invitation in your hand the whole time, then why did you put it down?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, to properly compare the taste of Mondstadt wine and Inazuman sake, I had to hold a glass in each hand.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I couldn't both hold the invitation and a glass at the same time. But surely I wouldn't put it in just any random place, it could easily be misplaced.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In which case, I believe there's only one place it could be. Have you figured it out, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You're way ahead of Paimon! Do you two already know where the Invitation Letter is?
:{{DIcon}} In his shoe?
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 13a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, that doesn't sound right. The invitation is pretty big, isn't it? And, if it's in his shoe, he would feel it when he's walking!
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 17a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, drinking too much may occasionally render the tongue a little numb, but it's true, it certainly wouldn't affect the feet.
:;(Option removed, dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} In his cape?
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 paimon 13b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Are you sure? His cape doesn't even have any pockets to put stuff. But hey, a cape with pockets isn't a bad idea, you should try and get it tailored sometime, Venti.
::{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 17b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, people do often claim that capes and the like serve no real purpose other than aesthetics, I suppose a cape with pockets would really turn the tables on that crowd.
:;(Option removed, dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} In his hat?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 venti 17c.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah yes, I remember now. I knew you'd help me find it, {{Traveler}}.
:{{Black Screen|Venti finds the Invitation Letter stuffed under his hat...}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm. This is indeed an Invitation Letter issued by the Yashiro Commission. Now that we've confirmed this guest's identity, I have no further questions.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' However, starting tonight, I would advise you to stay at the International Trade Association.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 5 kujousara 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be leaving now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There goes Sara. Alright, let's go talk to Mr. Hirayama about Albedo's reference materials.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Mr. Hirayama, I'm Calx. We had originally arranged to meet today.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 01.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Ah, yes, so you are Calx! I'm very sorry that you've arrived in Inazuma only to find such a mess.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 02.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' These are the materials regarding The Five Kasen. All the information that we could find is compiled here.
;(Opens [[Five Kasen Summary]])
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Let's see here... Yes, it's just as I had suspected. Monikers such as "Suikou" and "Aoi no Okina" aren't the real names of The Five Kasen.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' "Though there were once many stories regarding each of The Five Kasen, the validity of their contents can no longer be verified in present times." ...Alas, what a shame.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But at the very least we know that most of the stories were written according to a similar style, so there is still something we may glean from this.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So is the info useful for your paintings, Albedo?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' To some extent, yes. However, I must admit that it is still lacking, and fails to fulfill the most crucial element... inspiration.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 03.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' I am sorry that this information is not as exhaustive as you'd hoped. However, it is not possible to gather anything more at the moment.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 04.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Though, Lady Yae did say that there are many variations of the stories about The Five Kasen, and everyone has a different story in their heart.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 05.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' So all you need to do is to follow through with what's in your own heart and create something that you yourself find interesting.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That does sound like something Miko would say.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you, Mr. Hirayama. No need to worry, I'll find inspiration for the portraits.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 06.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Great. I'll leave it to you then, Calx. Oh, and there's one more thing I need to ask of everyone.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 07.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Tomorrow morning Mr. Zhenyu, the author of A Legend of Sword, will be arriving in Inazuma by boat. If you see him, please do not mention the stolen novels for the time being.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 08.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Whether the stolen books are eventually recovered or not, the Yae Publishing House will do its best to ensure that the novel's release is a success!
:{{DIcon}} I get it now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 hirayama 09.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' You have my gratitude. I'll be going, then.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, seems there's nothing more we can do here. Let's go.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Venti? What are you doing over there? You don't want us to leave you behind, do you?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 6 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' {{Traveler}}, Albedo, would you mind coming over here for a moment? There's something peculiar that I think you should see.
;(Obtain [[Five Kasen Summary]] ×1)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Venti seems to have found some clues. Go over and see what he's found.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Venti)
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it, Venti? A piece of paper?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Indeed. When I awakened to find myself in the warehouse this morning, I discovered this paper in the cargo crate where I was sleeping.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I didn't think much of it then, I thought it was merely a scrap piece of paper that had fallen into the cargo. After a quick glance, I stuffed it into a place nearby.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But on second thought, I think it's worth having you take a look at what's written on it.
;(Opens [[The Five Kasen's Splendor: Suikou]])
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let me see... "Suikou Chapter"? Wait a minute, isn't Suikou the name of one of The Five Kasen?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The story told in this poem roughly boils down to Suikou getting tipsy and letting some poems that were meant for the Shogun get stolen.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh, this story sounds familiar to my ear, where have I heard it...
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously!? It's literally the same story you just experienced yesterday!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahahaha. Indeed, it is. Interesting, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} It almost seems related to the stolen novels.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, I concur. The person who left this paper could quite possibly be the criminal or even a witness to the theft.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But why leave the paper here in such a fashion? And if the one who left it here was a witness, why didn't they attempt to stop the burglary?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' All right, let's not get ahead of ourselves.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Meeting together in Inazuma like this is a most rare occasion. Since we've been busy from the start of the day, let us find an inn with good drink to keep our thirst at bay!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! You just sobered up and you're already thinking about more drinks?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And let's not forget that Albedo still has a portrait to complete. We don't have time to be slacking off!
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No, it's fine. Let's all go for a drink together. It'll be my treat.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a minute, what about your portrait?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As I mentioned before, I'm the kind of artist who can work quickly once I'm inspired. And now, it seems I've found my source of inspiration.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If I use a model as reference for the piece, we must pay him back with the appropriate recompense.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 7 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, in that case, we'll need to order more dishes!
:;(Obtain [[The Five Kasen's Splendor: Suikou]])

;(A cinematic plays)
::'''Venti:''' One Year
::'''Venti:''' The poet Suikou made his way to Tenshukaku
::'''Venti:''' And presented the Kasen's work for the Shogun's perusal
::'''Venti:''' But a page from the works of Aoi no Okina had been torn out
::'''Venti:''' And Suikou was questioned regarding the matter
::'''Venti:''' Suikou pleaded guilty
::'''Venti:''' He admitted to drinking at the tavern the night before
::'''Venti:''' And vaguely recalled a mysterious figure approaching while he was intoxicated
:;(Cinematic ends)

:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you really came through, Albedo. You were able to complete the first portrait before the opening ceremony.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yes, it really is a sight to behold. Not only does it hearken to the traditional style of Inazuma, but it also makes use of modern aesthetics. My figure is particularly striking, even though I'm sound asleep in the portrait, I still appear as glorious as always.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't get too full of yourself, Tone-Deaf Bard! You were just a model, the person in the artwork isn't actually you.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Albedo, who will be your next portrait?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The next one will be Aoi no Okina of The Five Kasen.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Albedo, might I suggest waiting a little before starting on the next one? Who knows, you might soon discover another story.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another story?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I believe he's referring to the possibility of finding another paper with tales of The Five Kasen. According to the reference materials I was given, we've only found the first of a total of four chapters.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think the mysterious person who left the first paper will strike again?
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It certainly is a possibility. Also, there are some points regarding the stories of The Five Kasen that have left me rather curious.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' For example, the reference materials make mention of five legendary figures, yet all the popular stories only consist of four parts.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It appears that throughout all the stories, there is never a chapter dedicated to Kuronushi.
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yes, I'm also curious about these stories myself. But who knows, they may merely be akin to the old saying in Mondstadt: "Seeds of stories, brought by the wind and cultivated by time."
:{{A|vo rcjeq002 8 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, for now, we need but just wait patiently.

;(Examine Suikou's Likeness)
:'''Suikou's Likeness:''' (This is Suikou's likeness, as done by Albedo.)
:'''Suikou's Likeness:''' (Venti was used as the model for this work, and it shows Suikou prone after getting dead drunk. It also incorporates some unique fashion features from Mondstadt.)
:'''Suikou's Likeness:''' (Venti seems to love this picture very much, and a certain someone has had to remind him several times that he's not actually in the picture.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[ja:酔いどれ翠庵の怪しき事件 (任務)]]
[[pt-br:O Conto de Suikou Bêbado (Missão)]]
[[ru:Странная история хмельной настойки Суико#Странная история хмельной настойки Суико 2]]