{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70025
|image         = Adventurers' Guild Mondstadt.png
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|type          = World
|event_name    = Mimi Tomo
|summary       = Katheryn thanks the Traveler for his/her help with the Unusual Hilichurl problems. Ella Musk also thanks the Traveler for helping with her research into hilichurls.
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Mimi Tomo (Quest)
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
|characters    = Ella Musk; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Lost Hilichurl''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]. This quest was part of the [[Mimi Tomo]] event.

==Steps==
# Report back to the [[Adventurers' Guild]]
# Talk to [[Ella Musk]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The unusual fellow may have gotten away in the end, but at least the merchant route is safe again.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to [[Katheryne]])
:'''Katheryne:''' Greetings, Adventurer! I have already been informed about your completion of the mission. The Guild is grateful for your ongoing support! Here is your compensation.
:'''Katheryne:''' Although you were unable to capture the [[Unusual Hilichurl]] and we still cannot ascertain the reason for the recent spate of disturbances... the wilderness is much safer now, so thank you.
:'''Katheryne:''' On a related note, Ella Musk is waiting for you in the library.

;(Talk to Ella Musk in the [[Mondstadt Library]])
:'''Ella Musk:''' Homu... mimi tomo... Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} Hello?
:'''Ella Musk:''' Ya ika!!! ...O&mdash;Oh, it's just you, phew... Goodness, you gave me the fright of my life. Please, I'd appreciate it if you didn't interrupt me like that.
:'''Paimon:''' How are we interrupting when you called us here in the first place!?
:'''Ella Musk:''' Hmm...? Oh, it's you! Thanks for your help.
:{{DIcon}} It was nothing.
:{{DIcon}} I would have preferred to handle this my way.
:'''Ella Musk:'''  Well! Either way, my dictionary has been further refined, and we've obtained more evidence to support my thesis that harmonious coexistence between human and hilichurl kind is viable.
:'''Ella Musk:''' Still, it is a pity that we didn't get the opportunity to converse with the Unusual Hilichurl...
:'''Ella Musk:''' But from the linguistic corpus I have managed to assemble thus far, it seems likely that it was simply looking to make some friends in an unfamiliar land.
:'''Ella Musk:''' It is a real pity that you didn't get to converse with it...
:'''Ella Musk:''' Ah, I almost forgot &mdash; this is for you, as thanks for your help.
:'''Ella Musk:''' You helped me a lot here, and I do apologize for having put you through so much trouble... But I do hope I will have the pleasure of working with you again in the future.
:'''Paimon:''' Well now, isn't that very polite of you all of a sudden...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Lost Hilichurl
|zhs     = 迷失的丘丘
|zhs_rm  = Míshī de Qiūqiū
|zht     = 迷失的丘丘
|zht_rm  = Míshī de Qiūqiū
|zh_tl   = The Lost Hilichurl
|ja      = 迷子のヒルチャール
|ja_rm   = Maigo no Hiruchaaru
|ja_tl   = The Lost Hilichurl
|ko      = 사라진 츄츄족
|ko_rm   = Sarajin Chyuchyujok
|ko_tl   = The Lost Hilichurl
|es      = El Hilichurl desaparecido
|es_tl   = The Missing Hilichurl
|fr      = Le Brutocollinus perdu
|fr_tl   = The Lost Hilichurl
|ru      = Заблудившийся хиличурл
|ru_tl   = The Lost Hilichurl
|th      = Hilichurl ที่หลงหาย
|th_rm   = Hilichurl thi Long Hai
|th_tl   = The Lost Hilichurl
|vi      = Hilichurl đi lạc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein verirrter Hilichurl
|de_tl   = A Lost Hilichurl
|id      = Hilichurl yang Tersesat
|id_tl   = Lost Hilichurl
|pt      = Hilichurl Perdido
|pt_tl   = Lost Hilichurl
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

[[vi:Hilichurl đi lạc]]
[[ru:Заблудившийся хиличурл]]
[[pt-br:Hilichurl Perdido]]