{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75136
|image         = World Quest The Other Side of the Sky.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm
|act           = The Tonatiuh Quivers
|actNum        = III
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Bona; Little One; Och-Kan; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Cradle of Fleeting Dreams]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Ochkanatlan
|subarea       = 
|prev          = To the Sky-Road
|next          = Moment of Awakening
|child         = The Flowing Primal Flame (Part 1)
|child2        = The Flowing Primal Flame (Part 2)
|child3        = The Flowing Primal Flame (Part 3)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*25,000
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''The Other Side of the Sky''''' is the first part of {{Quest|The Tonatiuh Quivers}}.

==Steps==
# Explore the [[Legendary Tonatiuh|Tonatiuh]]
# Go with your [[Little One|little Tepetlisaurus]] to where [[Bona]] is
# Head to where Bona is
# Collecting the burning Firestones (1/4)<!-- The player will already have 1 by the time this step is received -->
# Begin the Altar offering
# Recover the [[Jade of Return]]
#* Chase {{Enemy|Holawaqa Ngoubou|text=Dragon of the City of Flowing Ash &mdash; The Tainted One|link=Dragon of the City of Flowing Ash}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 6, a pursuit challenge will begin. All menu functions besides Party Setup become unavailable, and the active character cannot be switched outside of Party Setup.
** The player will have unlimited [[Phlogiston]].
** Upon completing the chase, the player will automatically exit the indwelled [[Qucusaurus]] far above the ground.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Passing through an ocean of clouds, you finally arrive at the legendary Tonatiuh...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(View [[#Tutorials|Tutorial]] for Crackling Mysterious Firestone, optional)

;(Approach the firestone)
:'''Paimon:''' What's this? It looks like [[Pyrophosphorite]], but it's all shiny and flam-ey and stuff. Sure looks more powerful than the one Bona has.
:'''Paimon:''' Could this be Pyrophosphorite's original form?
:{{DIcon}} Ouch! It's burning hot!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't just touch whatever you find, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} I didn't realize...
:{{DIcon}} Oh, hey, the pot's calling the kettle black.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' What is it, {{Little One}}? Do you know something about this?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, {{Little One}}! It's finally your time to shine, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Guess we'll let you handle any hot and sizzling treasures from now on!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Yee! Rawr!
:'''Bona:''' Hey! Hey! Over here!
:'''Paimon:''' Look, it's Bona!
:'''Paimon:''' How did she get there? Did she land... Anyway, let's go over there first!

;(View [[#Tutorials|Tutorials]] for Ancient Mechanisms on the Tonatiuh, and Altar of Primal Flame on the Tonatiuh?, optional)

;(Talk to Bona without Little One)
:'''Bona:''' Eh? Where did the little [[Tepetlisaurus]] who's with you go?
:'''Bona:''' Don't leave your companions behind, alright?

;(Approach Bona with Little One)
:'''Bona:''' There you are, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, {{Little One}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey there Bona! Paimon's glad to see you're okay!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Bona:''' Oh? Worried about me, Paimon? Don't worry! I'm the ace adventurer of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]]. It'll take a lot more to bring down someone like me.
:{{DIcon}} It's good to see that you're well, either way.
::'''Bona:''' Hehe, maybe it's also thanks to you. My luck's been looking up ever since we met!
::'''Bona:''' After I got separated from you guys in the clouds, I was blown onto a floating rock and passed out. I'm not sure how much time went by, but when I woke up, I found myself here.
:{{DIcon}} How did you end up here?
::'''Bona:''' Well, after I got separated from you guys in the clouds, I was blown onto a floating rock and passed out. I'm not sure how much time went by, but when I woke up, I found myself here.
:'''Bona:''' When I woke up, I searched everywhere, but had no luck finding you, so I thought you... Anyway, looks like you guys are tougher than you seem too!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, Paimon was just about to ask how you got up here, actually. These are all isolated floating islands, so did you fly up here or something?
:'''Bona:''' Hehe, let's talk about that later. Anyway, this is the Tonatiuh we've been looking for. Our adventure's been a great success!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, but from the looks of this place, it doesn't seem to have treasures scattered everywhere like the legends say. Has someone else come and taken them all away?
:'''Bona:''' For my part, I'd bet on our so-called Tonatiuh treasures being made up by tribal storytellers!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? No way! So you're telling Paimon that we came here for nothing!?
:'''Bona:''' While the treasures might be fabricated, that doesn't mean the Jade of Return we're looking for isn't here. We can't give up hope yet.
:'''Bona:''' Also, look up at that thing over there!
:'''Bona:''' See how there's something inside? You found a Pyrophosphorite inside the [[Core of Chu'ulel]] just now, didn't you?
:'''Bona:''' Well, based on my experience as an adventurer, it stands to reason that the Jade of Return we seek is in there.
:'''Paimon:''' In that case, let's figure out a way to get up there and smash it open!
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Bona:''' Hold on now, it's not as simple as you think! I've already tried. It's not something that can be smashed open with brute force.
:{{DIcon}} Something tells me things won't be that simple.
::'''Bona:''' Yeah, this doesn't look like something we can break open using only brute force.
:'''Bona:''' My adventuring experience suggests that there should be some sort of mechanism around here, just like when we got the Pyrophosphorite earlier.
:'''Bona:''' Speaking of mechanisms, this must be it right here! It looks exactly like the Altar of Primal Flame we saw earlier!
:'''Bona:''' What a coincidence... Wait, this can't be a coincidence. This must be some sort of clue.
:'''Paimon:''' If it's a clue, maybe we should try using the Pyrophosphorite to... Uh, hang on. We don't have any left, do we?
:{{DIcon}} {{Little One}}'s carrying one right now...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, we stumbled upon this on our way here...
:'''Bona:''' This must be it! Are you familiar with the principle of the "Adventurer's Key"? It states that the crucial item needed at the final stage of an adventure is always acquired at its beginning.
:'''Paimon:''' That sounds like nonsense! Plus, this interval is kinda tight, don't you think? That said, this thing sure does look like Pyrophosphorite...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, apart from the constant crackling and spitting flames, Paimon thinks they're exactly the same!
:'''Bona:''' Wow, you're right. I totally wouldn't have realized if it weren't for you, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' That, uh, sounds like a you problem, but anyway, based on what you said, we just need to collect stones like that, right?
:'''Bona:''' Well, if we're looking for these Firestones, there are four in total on this ship. For example, there should be one on the floating island across from us.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh... Wait, Bona, how do you know all this? It's almost like you've been here before. Really, it feels like there's more to this than "adventuring experience."
:'''Bona:''' Uh, how should I put it... I guess it's like an adventurer's premonition? I'm not sure why, but as soon as I saw this Altar, I knew how to use it.
:'''Bona:''' I was also investigating this place before meeting you guys. Conducting a thorough preliminary investigation is a must for an ace adventurer, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} I see. Guess you learn something every day.
::'''Bona:''' Wait, so you've just been brute-forcing your way through this whole time, {{Traveler}}...? Must be nice being able to fight.
:{{DIcon}} Luckily, I always rely on brute force.
::'''Bona:''' Well, you're just one of a kind, you know?
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, how are we even gonna get over there? Might be a little tricky, even for you.
:'''Bona:''' Hehe... Also, aren't you curious about how I got up here earlier? Now's the time to show you my discovery.
:'''Bona:''' Well, how about it? We can use this mechanism to freely travel between the floating islands.
:'''Bona:''' I'm counting on you to find them. Just holler over to me if you cross over to another floating island and can't get back here.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, and we'll leave the job of holding the Firestones up to you, {{Little One}}. Let's go!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
----
;(Talk to Bona, optional)
:'''Bona:''' So, we found one, and that's a great start! First step's always the hardest, as they say. Things should go more smoothly from here on out!
:'''Bona:''' Anyway, I'll be counting on you to find those Firestones. Just holler if you need anything!
----
;(Talk to Bona after collecting the second Firestone, optional)
:'''Bona:''' Not bad! That's half of them. Let's keep it up!
:'''Bona:''' Anyway, I'll be counting on you to find those Firestones. Just holler if you need anything!
----
;(Approach the lift if the platform is not rotated)
:'''Paimon:''' Bona, over here, over here!
:'''Bona:''' Oh! Righto, check this out!
----
;(Talk to Bona after collecting the third Firestone, optional)
:'''Bona:''' Just one more to go now. The finish line is just around the corner!
:'''Bona:''' Anyway, I'll be counting on you to find that last Firestone. Just holler if you need anything!
----
;(Activate the bridge if the platform is not rotated)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, why is it suddenly rising?
:'''Bona:''' Jump! Now!
----
;(Talk to Bona after collecting the fourth Firestone, optional)
:'''Bona:''' Now, all we've gotta do is make that offering, and...
----
;(Begin the offering)
;(If the player has completed [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]])
::'''Paimon:''' Woohoo, we did it! Hmm, still, this is a rather familiar [[Iridescent Inscription]]. Is this the famous Jade of Return, then?
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a second, isn't this the [[Golden Entreaty]]? It's the same as the one we got at the stone tablet back then!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rooo... Rawr...
::{{DIcon}} Wow, that really is the case!
:::'''Paimon:''' And y'know, a treasure that can suppress the filth of the [[Abyss]] and a token that can remove curses and disasters do sound somewhat similar...
::{{DIcon}} You're only realizing this now?
:::'''Paimon:''' Really!? Why didn't you just tell Paimon if you already knew!? Wait a second, how did you even know? Wait, is this an "adventurer's experience" thing again?
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm. Come to think of it, a treasure that can suppress the filth of the Abyss and a token that can remove curses and disasters do sound somewhat similar...
::'''Paimon:''' But can this thing really suppress the Abyss in [[Ochkanatlan]]? Paimon's never heard anyone from the [[Saurian Relics Association (Faction)|Saurian Relics Association]] mention it before...
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, and since the Jade of Return is just a Golden Entreaty, could that be why the [[Och-Kan|evil dragon]] has been targeting us?
::'''Paimon:''' Whew, so it wasn't because it was eyeing the [[Blazed Meat Stew]] Paimon had this morning...
::{{DIcon}} Looks like the clues are falling into place.
::{{DIcon}} Looks like it really was foreshadowing.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, but Bona probably doesn't know about the Golden Entreaty yet... Hey, Bona?

;(If the player has not completed [[Between Pledge and Forgettance]])
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, we did it! So this is the super famous legendary Jade of Return, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm. Can this thing really suppress the filth of the Abyss in Ochkanatlan?
::'''Paimon:''' Just going by shape, it looks more like a plate for food.
::{{DIcon}} Come on, enough about food already.
::{{DIcon}} Speaking of food, Paimon, your breakfast...
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean the Blazed Meat Stew...? That's not relevant right now, so why are you suddenly bringing this up?
::'''Paimon:''' Ugh, this might just be Paimon feeling hungry after all this running about, but now that Bona's found the Tonatiuh and gotten her hands on the Jade of Return, her wish has been fulfilled, right?
:'''Bona:''' Something's not right... I'm sure I've been here before, the Tonatiuh, and the Jade of Return...
:'''Bona:''' Yes, we must destroy it... It cannot fall into the hands of that person...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, are you okay, Bona?
:'''Bona:''' Bona? No... Bona should be long gone. Why am I still here...
:'''Bona:''' I see, so that's what's&mdash; Careful, {{Traveler}}! Don't come any closer. This is a trap...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh?

;(Talk to Bona, if the pursuit challenge is exited, optional)
:'''Bona:''' ...

;(At the start of the chase)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Coco, wait! Ohh, alright, fine! After it!
:'''Paimon:''' But don't go anywhere! We'll be right back!
:'''Paimon:''' You...! Don't even think about running away like that!
:'''Cocouik:''' Cheep! Kucheep!

;(If the dragon gets too far away)
::The dragon is about to flee...

;(After breaking through the cloud layer)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Hey, evil dragon! You can run, but you can't hide!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Watch out, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Cocouik:''' Chee... eep!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, he's one fast dragon! We better catch up, or we'll lose him.

;(During the chase near the top of Ochkanatlan)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Watch out, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Cocouik:''' Chee... eep!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? What's wrong, Coco? A&mdash;Are you going to use... that?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorials==
{{Tutorial|Crackling Mysterious Firestone; Ancient Mechanisms on the Tonatiuh; Altar of Primal Flame on the Tonatiuh?}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/9W21pLfMiP0
|caption1 = The Other Side of the Sky Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Other Side of the Sky
|zhs      = 天空的另一侧
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 天空的另一側
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 空の向こう側
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 하늘 저편에서
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Al otro lado del cielo
|es_tl    = The Other Side of the Sky
|fr       = De l'autre côté du ciel
|fr_tl    = From the Other Side of the Sky
|ru       = По ту сторону неба
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = อีกฟากหนึ่งของท้องฟ้า
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Phía Bên Kia Bầu Trời
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Jenseits des Himmels
|de_tl    = Beyond the Sky
|id       = Sisi Lain dari Langit
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = O Outro Lado do Céu
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gökyüzünün Diğer Tarafı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = L'altro lato del cielo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}