{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11110
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Papilio Charontis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away
|character     = Hu Tao
|startLocation = [[Wuwang Hill]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wuwang Hill
|requirement   = Complete [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40 and, spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|next          = In Pursuit of a Phantom
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 34,075
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Congzi; Ferrylady; Hu Tao; Lan; Little Wu; Meng; Mumu; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Mysterious Wangsheng Parlor''' is the first part of [[Hu Tao]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Papilio Charontis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away]].

==Steps==
#Go to [[Wuwang Hill]]
#Catch up to the fleeing [[Meng]]
#Accompany [[Hu Tao]] to the [[Adventurers' Guild]]
#Go back to the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] with Hu Tao
#Investigate the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's surroundings while waiting for Hu Tao (0/3)
#*Talk to the [[Ferrylady]] in front of the building
#*Examine the board in front of the building
#*Examine the door of the building
#Talk to Hu Tao again
#Visit a potential client with Hu Tao
#*Talk to [[Little Wu]]
#Continue visiting potential clients
#*Talk to [[Mumu]]
#*Talk to [[Congzi]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Your adventure takes you to [[Wuwang Hill]], where [[Paimon]] senses that something is amiss...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Why did we come here? Paimon's got a bad feeling about this...
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not that Paimon's scared or anything, just... concerned for your safety.
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just that this is how lots of scary stories go &mdash; you're in an empty place in the middle of nowhere, there's barely any light, and then just when you least expect it, a stranger comes out of&mdash;
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' &mdash;Ah?
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaaaaah! Quick (Traveler), do something!!!
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you say you weren't scared?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you say you were concerned about my safety?
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's intuition says that anyone we run into here is going to be far from normal!
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If he gets us, he's gonna eat Paimon for sure!
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Wh&mdash;Who are you?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a traveler.
::{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 03a 1.ogg}} '''Meng:''' T&mdash;Traveler? Are you from one of the other nations? No, I've never seen your kind of attire before...
::{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 03a 2.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Could it be that you t&mdash;traveled from... the other side!?
:{{DIcon}} I came from beyond the heavens.
::{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 03b 1.ogg}} '''Meng:''' "Beyond the heavens"? A strange way of putting it...
::{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 03b 2.ogg}} '''Meng:''' D&mdash;Don't try to scare me!
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I'm just here for a funeral &mdash; I don't mean to offend. No matter who you are, there's no need for any ill will between us!
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, seems he's just your average scaredy-cat. He looks more afraid than Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Did I scare him?
::{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 08a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep yep! You should leave the introductions to Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} But you're kinda terrifying.
::{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Am not! Paimon's super friendly-looking.
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't be afraid, we come in peace.
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 05.ogg}} '''Meng:''' &mdash;Aaaah! Gods protect me!
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, no! Stop freaking out, and stand still! Relax!
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 06.ogg}} '''Meng:''' "Relax"!? Yes, whatever you say! Please, stay your hand!
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 meng 07.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Don't come any closer! I mean you no harm! Don't! Don't touch me!
;(Meng runs off)
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon already said, nothing's gonna happen!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was it... something Paimon said?
:{{A|vo htlq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go after him, he might do something stupid.
----
;(Approach Meng)
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Director! Director! There's a ghost after me!
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 02a.ogg}} '''???:''' Ha, don't get too excited. These are clients, not ghosts.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly! We said we're not ghosts. Why won't you calm down and let us explain?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although... "clients" doesn't seem quite right either.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Aiya, forgive me, this is one of our new undertakers, Meng. It's his first time working a funeral, so of course, he's afraid of his own shadow.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Funeral... Funeral... Oh! The [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] &mdash; [[Zhongli]] is a consultant there. They deal with this stuff a lot, right?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, you know Zhongli? Well! That saves me a lot of explaining.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I'm Hu Tao, the current director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, responsible for... well, trifling matters having to do with mortality.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' A satisfying trade to be in, though, and Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is well-known around town. Whatever the request, I'd be glad to hear it.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think we fall into the "client" category.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, if we were looking for Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's help, this is hardly the place we would come to.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ah but you see, I wasn't referring to clients in the business sense. Everyone who enters this mortal realm will be a client of mine.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Sooner or later...
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well that's dark!
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Wangsheng Funeral Parlor welcomes advance reservations! When you choose us, you'll never have to worry about what might be around the corner.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But be sure to book the right date! Pro tip: it is a living nightmare trying to get flowers at short notice...
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Speaking of dates, if you're struggling to decide, please do come and talk it over. I'd hate to see you still alive and kicking when your big day comes.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Slow down!
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's&mdash; You&mdash; ... There's a lot to unpack here...
:{{DIcon}} That all sounded very bizarre.
:{{DIcon}} Is everyone at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor a weirdo?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' You'll have to excuse her. The director is a rather unique individual. Allow me to explain.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' We heard that there'd been some supernatural activity at Wuwang Hill. To restore calm here, we performed a funeral ceremony.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' It went very smoothly! According to the director, we shouldn't be expecting any more issues in the near future.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, Wuwang Hill, funeral... What more is there to say? These three belong in the same sentence.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You two on the other hand, have no business coming to Wuwang Hill. You being here is not normal.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... Maybe your understanding of "normal" isn't quite normal?
:{{DIcon}} I'm here on an adventure.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Adventure? Aha, you must hail from the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Then you are one of our distinguished clients! "Wood," to be precise.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Wood"? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's just how we gauge our client's importance. We have four levels: "wicker," "bamboo," "wood," and "marble." The higher the grade, the better we'd like to get to know you.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 meng 05.ogg}} '''Meng:''' But I've just only heard of this!
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 17.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Well, that's because I only just thought of it. Oh, don't look so shocked.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 18.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Take a look, our adventurers spend the whole day scaling mountains, clearing domains, and smiting enemies. Danger and peril are their bread and butter.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 19.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Clients like these deserve better treatment. Taking an interest in their daily lives will ultimately benefit not only them, but also me...
:{{DIcon}} Charming...
:{{DIcon}} How subtle of you.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 20.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Eh, touched a nerve, did I? I'd have thought any adventurers who dare come here would be used to conversations like this.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 21.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Anyway, I have a favor to ask. Recently, Wangsheng Funeral Parlor has been trying to strike a business deal with the Adventurers' Guild. With you acting as an intermediary, it would be so much easier.
:{{DIcon}} I don't really want to take part in your business.
:{{DIcon}} What's in it for me?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 22.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmm, let me think what I could offer you as a reward. Or perhaps there's a favor I could do in return?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, we're looking for someone! We've asked a lot of people, but nobody seems to have a clue where they are.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 23.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' This seems like something right up my alley. I can even inquire with "the ones who no longer speak" for you.
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 hutao 24.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You see! Helping me will be worth your while... Come on then, my able assistants! Let's get down to Liyue Harbor and do some business!
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, when did we become your assistants!?

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, "the ones who no longer speak"... Did she mean talking to the dead?
:{{A|vo htlq001 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... She's a weird one.
----
{{Quest Description|update|While venturing into Wuwang Hill, you meet the director of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, Hu Tao, and undertaker Meng, who came there to officiate a funeral. In the course of a short conversation, you discover that Hu Tao is an extremely unconventional person. However, she might know an equally unusual way to find your sibling, so you reluctantly follow her to the Adventurers' Gulid in Liyue Harbor.}}

;(Approach [[Lan]] at the Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 lan 01.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Ugh, you again... Look, I told you, we're not interested in the kind of cooperation you describe.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Come on, there's no reason to get upset. Look, one of your members is an avid supporter of my proposition!
:{{DIcon}} I... have to agree.
:{{DIcon}} Just hear her out.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Since our last negotiation, I've come up with a new proposal, which I think you'll find has far more benefits for you.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' First things first, Wangsheng Funeral Parlor will prioritize the Adventurers' Guild requests above all others. You'll also receive 100 of our signature wooden coffins for free, together with your first order.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's not all! We also provide an on-site cadaver collection service covering almost all regions in Liyue. Now, we do charge a slight premium for a very small number of especially dangerous areas, but... but don't you worry about that, I promise you it's still very affordable!
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 lan 02.ogg}} '''Lan:''' I don't think you're hearing me...
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Okay, alright. I get it, you want to bargain a little more. But our offer as it stands is already quite a good deal, don't you think?
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Just think about it. An adventurer's life is full of unexpected threats. It's only natural to take precautions. "Mend the roof before it rains," as they say.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 lan 03.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Yeah... no. I'm not so sure that saying applies in this context.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 lan 04.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Speaking of precautions, I'd rather focus on keeping my adventurers safe in the first place.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 lan 05.ogg}} '''Lan:''' It's time for you to go. I have to attend to other matters.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Wait, hold on! Wh&mdash;What would you say to a group discount!? Thirty percent off for parties of ten!
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Director! Please, you did your best... We don't need another clash with the Millelith.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... If Paimon understood all that correctly, it seems like she's trying to sell them the funeral parlor's services.
:{{DIcon}} I side with Lan on this issue.
:{{DIcon}} This will get us nowhere.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Aiya, nothing left to do here. Let's go back to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmph, rejecting a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. It's their loss.
:{{A|vo htlq001 4 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Some things are inevitable. It's only a matter of time.

;(Talk to Lan again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 lan 01.ogg}} '''Lan:''' I have a reputation for being a weirdo amongst the ranks of the Adventurers' Guild...
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 lan 02.ogg}} '''Lan:''' But it's only because they haven't had an opportunity to talk to Hu Tao.
----
;(Examine the board before approaching Hu Tao and Meng)
:'''Examine Board:''' (Seems like there's a board outside Wangsheng Funeral Parlor with lots of blank wooden tiles hanging from it... Hmm... what are they for?)
:'''Examine Board:''' (Never mind, I'm not sure I want to find out.)

;(Talk to the Ferrylady before approaching Hu Tao and Meng)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 ferrylady 01.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' ...
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 ferrylady 02.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Just look for the director.

;(Approach Hu Tao at the Parlor)
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' *sigh* Seems like the old ways are the most reliable after all.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Meng, are you done preparing our promotional materials?
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Ah... My apologies, I'm only about halfway through. Do you really think they'll be effective?
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Trust me, they're going to work wonders. This marketing strategy has been used by Wangsheng Funeral Parlor for generations.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Clients in need come to our door and write down their commissions on blank wooden tiles. Then, they squeeze those inside the parlor through the crack under the door.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I fulfill the request written on each tile to make sure our clients are satisfied with the service, no matter if it's an obituary, cremation, or funeral that they seek.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Although... it is a bit of a hassle with the constant back and forth. If only we could burn 'em by the batch...
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' No, director, I'm not asking about the wooden tiles themselves but about the "special offer" they advertise.
:{{DIcon}} Special offer?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you say the wooden tiles should be blank?
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hehe, Wangsheng Funeral Parlor should keep up with the times! Just think about it! If we don't attract new clients, we'll be left with nothing, won't we?
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Business development is a crucial element of every prosperous enterprise. I've been trying various marketing strategies ever since I became the director.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I put up posters, just like all the other shops, but the Millelith promptly removed them.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Then, I organized the "Wangsheng Visitor's Day," but no one showed up.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well that doesn't come as a huge surprise...
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And finally, I discovered that the traditional ways are the most reliable after all. I took inspiration from the wisdom of previous directors.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So now, I go from door to door, looking for people and organizations willing to cooperate. Just like during our visit to the Adventurers' Guild! That's what I mean by "business development."
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' The other method I'm trying is using the wooden tiles as coupons. Just by writing things like "Buy one get one free for the holder of this tile" on them.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What do they buy and what do they get?
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hehe, a solid and durable "second home," of course.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' They may not need it right away, but they can be sure that when they do, it will still be as good as new. "It won't start deteriorating before you finish doing so yourself" &mdash; that's the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor quality guarantee.
:{{DIcon}} ...I don't know what to say to that.
:{{DIcon}} No wonder you're on the Millelith's radar.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Alright Meng, keep adding those special offers to the wooden tiles! The future of our business depends on it.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I'm still not sure this will work...
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 17.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, I get it! You think that our special offer is not comprehensive enough, right?
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 18.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' It is true, I was offering all kinds of great benefits to the Adventurers' Guild because they are a new client.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 19.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But in doing so, I neglected my old clients. You're right, it's unfair.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 hutao 20.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmm, let me do some market research! Wait here, my faithful assistants, I'll be back with you in a moment. It shouldn't take too long.
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon already told you, we're not your assistants!
:{{A|vo htlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Guess we got dragged into somebody else's business AGAIN. Let's look around while she's away.

;(Talk to Hu Tao or Meng again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmm... The way we're wording this lacks... warmth and sincerity.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' If we're content to settle for just seeing people off, how can we give them a sense of really having "gained" something?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' But... that's a tough feeling to convey in this industry...
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Precisely the problem! If we can't get that feeling across, then how will we get return clients?
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' R&mdash;Return clients?
----
;(Talk to the Ferrylady)
:{{A|vo htlq001 8 ferrylady 01.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' You must be the Director's new hires?
:{{A|vo htlq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not us! We're just very curious about Wangsheng Funeral Parlor and Hu Tao.
:{{A|vo htlq001 8 ferrylady 02.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Well, I wouldn't get too curious if I were you. Too much knowledge isn't good for ordinary folk.
:{{A|vo htlq001 8 ferrylady 03.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' The director is tactful when it comes to what should and shouldn't be known.
:{{A|vo htlq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Her? Tactful?

;(Examine the board)
:'''Examine Board:''' (A board used for hanging Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's wooden tiles. According to Hu Tao, all the tiles should be blank...)
:'''Examine Board:''' (...In which case, the characters on the back of the tiles must be the "special offer.")

;(Examine the door)
:'''Examine Door:''' (So, behind this door is Wangsheng Funeral Parlor...)
:'''Examine Door:''' (It looks far more ordinary than the director made it out to be.)

;(After looking at all of the surroundings)
:{{A|vo htlq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should get going, let's go find Hu Tao.
----
;(Talking to Hu Tao)
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's settled then, write it like this:
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' "Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Bumper Sale! Buy One, Get One Free! Buy Two, Get Three Free! More For Your Mora!"
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hee-hee! I love it, better than all that lifeless brochure stuff. We want people to feel warm and fuzzy.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' But Director... Isn't lifeless the name of the game in this industry?
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's old hat, we're opening up new ground.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Why does Wangsheng Funeral Parlor need to open up... *sigh* Yes, Director.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Poor guy's given up...
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Right, we should get going. I am not letting new business escape us.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "We"? ...As in, us?
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Who else? Do you see anyone else around here? ...Well, you probably wouldn't see them if there was.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Stop adding little afterthoughts like that! Creeps people out!
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hee-hee, just a joke, sorry. Everything you see is everything that's present. For the moment, at least.
:{{DIcon}} Comforting.
:{{DIcon}} It's good to think before you speak.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ah, lighten up! The way I see it, people make death scarier than it really is.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' What people truly fear about departing this world is suffering and regret. To deal with the trauma, they let their imaginations run wild with notions of ghosts and evil spirits.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' All baseless fantasies. What we've ended up with is a topic that people are morbidly afraid of talking about... If I don't broach the subject, then Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't be long for this world.
:{{DIcon}} But... I've seen [[Dusky Ming|a ghost]].
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh? More approachable and appeasable than you'd imagined?
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, Paimon wouldn't say that. Let's just say, at least it didn't hurt us...
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You must have come across a particularly ferocious entity. How should I put this... Most spirits are incapable of harming ordinary folks.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' The job of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is to "guard the border between life and death." One component of this is correcting notions of death and the afterlife that people may hold. Simply put, for those unable to see the "border," they're best kept as far away from it as possible.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So for ordinary folks, the best-case scenario is ignorance of all matters concerning spirits and the afterlife &mdash; or even better, a belief that none of it exists.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then you really don't have any excuse for spooking the heck out of people!
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Haha, you make it sound so abominable. I'm just trying to get them to see the humor in it all.
:{{DIcon}} That's why people think you're weird.
:{{DIcon}} I've yet to see the funny side...
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I never thought you'd be such a bore. Never mind! If you stick by me, everything will become clear.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 17.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Alright, let's get going. Follow me.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Director, wait &mdash; what about Big G? Don't forget...
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Big G? Who's that? We've been in Liyue for ages and never heard that name.
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 18.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh nothing, just something Meng's been pleading with me to take care of. Should be a piece of cake.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where are we going?
:{{A|vo htlq001 11 hutao 19.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' To visit an important potential client. I'll lead the way.

;(Talk to Meng again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' *sigh* Big G... How did it all turn out like this...
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Ah, don't mind me, just thinking out loud.

;(Talk to Ferrylady again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 ferrylady 03.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Stick close to the director, she knows what she's doing.

;(Examine the board again)
:'''Examine Board:''' (A board outside Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Clients use the wooden tiles to write down their commissions, before sliding them under the crack of the door.)
:'''Examine Board:''' (Hu Tao's advertisements can be found on the back of each tile: "Buy one get free for the holder of this tile.")
----
;(Talk to Little Wu)
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Uh... Sorry, who are you?
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hello! I'm Hu Tao, Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 littlewu 02.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Okay, so why would someone from Wangsheng Funeral Parlor be looking for me?
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Mmm... nothing major. How are you feeling these days? Any aches or pains?
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You shouldn't ignore them, by the way. Very often, they're an omen of something terminal.
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' When we're healthy, it's easy to forget the crushing fragility of life. So... aches and pains. Best to keep an eye on them.
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 littlewu 03.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' What are you getting at!? I'm in great health and enjoying life very much, thank you!
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 littlewu 04.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Go and find some other poor soul! Goodbye!
:;(Little Wu turns away)

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ugh, why do they get angry? What's wrong with a few earnest health tips?
:{{A|vo htlq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it's because they're coming from the director of a funeral parlor...

;(Talk to Little Wu again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Don't bother me again! I'm doing just fine!
----
;(Talk to Mumu)
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 mumu 01.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Uh, and you are? Be quick, I'm busy.
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hello there, would you be interested in understanding a bit about our services at the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor?
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 mumu 02.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Wangsheng Funeral Parlor? Uhhhh... I'm not in need of your services.
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 mumu 03.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' So you're out here... looking for new customers? Don't you think this might be a bit of a crass way of going about it?
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hardly. Isn't this the fashion these days? "Bring the service to the customer," and all that?
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 mumu 04.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' I'm not sure it's every service that falls into that...
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 mumu 05.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Anyway, please bother someone else if you don't mind.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ugh... another failure. Still, not the end of the world.
:{{A|vo htlq001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's curious, does this approach ever work out for you?

;(Talk to Mumu again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 mumu 01.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Please, bother someone else if you don't mind.
----
;(Talk to Congzi)
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 cong 01.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' I know your face... The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Director, right? Sorry, I'm really in no need of&mdash;
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Don't apologize, get to know us! We've got a new sale going on.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ever hear the saying "out with the old, in with the new"? Well, going out with a bang is the best way to start off in style on the other side! Hee-hee.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 cong 02.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' If you keep talking like this, I'll have to call the Millelith.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' No no no &mdash; okay, relax, we're leaving.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But Wangsheng Funeral Parlor awaits your distinguished patronage.

;(After talking to Congzi)
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really don't give up, do you?
:{{DIcon}} Tough crowd.
:{{DIcon}} There's no persuading them.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmm? Are you trying to make me feel better?
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...Thank you. Seems you understand me far better than most people.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not really, this is just getting really uncomfortable...
:{{DIcon}} Enough "business development." Please, help me find someone.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' "Business development"? Is that what you see this as?
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Surely you don't think all that was "business development"!?
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then what was it exactly!? Traumatization for its own sake!?
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' No no no, the "business development" ended after the discussion with the Adventurers' Guild!
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I was helping to find somebody for Meng. You remember Big G?
:{{DIcon}} Rings a bell.
:{{DIcon}} I don't recall...
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' As it turns out, the "Big G" that Meng is looking for is a ghost adrift in the mortal realm.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' The three we saw just now were all people I suspected of being followed by Big G. But having seen them, I didn't sense the presence of anything otherworldly.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So we just had a quick chat, and I left it at that.
:{{DIcon}} If that was "stopping for a quick chat"...
:{{DIcon}} I wonder what "business development" looks like...
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why didn't you say so? Paimon thought you had some kinda sixth sense for, uh... People in declining health...
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Huh? What would I need that kind of ability for? I'm no doctor.
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Haha! Were you seriously hoping that the Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor was going to start healing people? Or...
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon was trying to subtly imply that... Uh... never mind, Paimon wouldn't know how to explain subtlety in a way you'd understand...
:{{A|vo htlq001 14 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Uh... Well, let's leave that for now and head back to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. This Big G matter is very closely linked to Meng.
----
;(Talk to Congzi again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq001 cong 01.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' You're still here? That's it, I'm calling the Millelith.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Mysterious Wangsheng Parlor
|zhs     = 神秘的「往生堂」
|zhs_rm  = Shénmì de "Wǎngshēng-táng"
|zht     = 神秘的「往生堂」
|zht_rm  = Shénmì de "Wǎngshēng-táng"
|zh_tl   = Mysterious "Wangsheng Hall"
|zh_note = {{Lang|mini=1|zh=往生堂|zh_rm=Wǎngshēng-táng|zh_lit=Hall of Rebirth}}
|ja      = 神秘の「往生堂」
|ja_rm   = Shinpi no "Oujou-dou"
|ja_tl   = Mysterious "Wangsheng Hall"
|ko      = 신비한 「왕생당」
|ko_rm   = Sinbihan "Wangsaengdang"
|ko_tl   = Mysterious "Wangsheng Funeral Parlor"
|es      = La misteriosa Funeraria El Camino
|es_tl   = The Mysterious "The Way" Funeral Home
|fr      = Le mystérieux Funérarium Wangsheng
|fr_tl   = The Mysterious Wangsheng Funeral Home
|ru      = Загадочное ритуальное бюро «Ваншэн»
|ru_tl   = Mysterious "Wangsheng" Ritual Services
|th      = "โถงแห่งการเกิดใหม่ Wangsheng" อันลึกลับ
|th_rm   = "Thong haeng kan koet mai Wangsheng" an lueklap
|th_tl   = The Mysterious "Wangsheng Hall of Rebirth"
|vi      = {{tt|Vãng Sinh Đường|往生堂}} bí ẩn
|vi_tl   = Mysterious Wangsheng Hall{{Sino|vi|part=1}}
|de      = Das mysteriöse Unternehmen Wangsheng
|de_tl   = The Mysterious Wangsheng Parlor
|id      = Wangsheng Funeral Parlor yang Misterius
|id_tl   = The Mysterious Wangsheng Funeral Parlor
|pt      = O Mistério da Funerária de Wangsheng
|pt_tl   = The Mystery of the Wangsheng Funerary
|tr      = Gizemli Wangsheng Cenaze Evi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I misteriosi Servizi Wangsheng
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:La misteriosa Funeraria El Camino]]