{{About|the quest|the system|Serenitea Pot|the soundtrack|The Realm Within (Soundtrack)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01014
|image         = The Realm Within Madame Ping.jpg
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = II
|act           = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|part          = 4
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Three Poignant Perfumes
|next          = Downtown
|domain        = Inside the Teapot
|exp           = 575
|mora          = 19,800
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|7}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Madame Ping;Paimon;Traveler;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|2|part=4}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Madame Ping]]
# Touch Madame Ping's teapot
# Search for the [[Cleansing Bell]]
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Inside the Teapot]]
# Put the perfume and Cleansing Bell in place

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[It's Bigger on the Inside]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After identifying [[Rex Lapis]]' preferred scent, [[Zhongli]] sends you to Yujing Terrace to seek out an old friend of his, [[Madame Ping]], and borrow a certain [[Cleansing Bell]]. Strange... Zhongli seems to be avoiding his old friend.}}
===Talk to Madame Ping===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Madame Ping)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' All things must change...
:{{DIcon}} How do you do?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 02a 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Mm? Youngster, are you here to admire the flowers?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 02a 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But it's a shame. These [[Glaze Lily|Glaze Lilies]] have almost all wilted...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 02b.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' It's nothing, it's nothing. I just thought it a great shame that so many of these Glaze Lilies have wilted.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What happened to them?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Back in my day, people said that Glaze Lilies can read human hearts.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 04.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' If they heard beautiful sounds like laughter and singing, they would also bloom joyfully.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 05.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But if they heard too much wild gossip or slander, they would quickly wither away.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...So that means these flowers feel what's happening in [[Liyue]].
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 06.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Yes, the rumors of [[Rex Lapis]]' death are no small matter. They are everywhere.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 07.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Some say it was a [[Fatui]] plot. Others say that the [[Qixing]] made it all up, and still others think that That Which Lies in the Deep is breaking free.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 08.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' This harbor is like a mountain of dry tinder. One spark and the fire will consume us all.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 09.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' ...Well, I shall say no more. This old woman's grown too old and naggy... Did you have something to say, youngster?
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to borrow the Cleansing Bell.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10a 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Ah, that old trinket... I remember it being here with me, but I've grown old. I can't quite recall where it is exactly.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10a 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' An old friend of mine used to wear it on his person, back when I was young...
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10a 3.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' He saw me gazing at it often and gave it to me.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10a 4.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But he told me then that if someone should come to borrow that bell, I should not be loath to part with it.
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to borrow something from you...
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10b 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Borrow something? ...Oh, you've come to borrow the Cleansing Bell, yes?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10b 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Apart from that, I don't have anything of value that you youngsters might want.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10b 3.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But it was not originally mine, either. That trinket used to belong to a friend of mine.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10b 4.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' I was a vain beauty when I was young, and I would pester him for that bell all the time.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 10b 5.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' He could not dissuade me, and so he gave it to me. But he said that if someone should come to borrow it, I must not be loath to give it away.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 11.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' It has been many years, and who knows how many times someone has come to borrow this bell.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 12.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Still, though I can't recall when it started, it's been a long time since anyone has come to borrow it.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 13.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Ah, these old bones are so slow to look for things. I doubt you can wait that long...
:{{DIcon}} We can look for it ourselves.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 03a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right granny. We'll follow you back home, and search for it ourselves!
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 03a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And... Um, we can help with chores if you have any too!
:{{DIcon}} I'm a [[Knights of Favonius]]-certified lost property finder!
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a weird thing to be proud of...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 14.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Alright, children, there is no need to worry. I didn't place the bell very far away.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Do you live near here, granny? Whoa, but this is Yujing Terrace. It's gotta be expensive!
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 15.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Haha, an old lady like me can't afford to buy a place in this city. See this ceramic teapot? My entire household is in here.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...How does that work?
:{{DIcon}} It contains your house keys?<!--No dialogue branch-->
:{{DIcon}} The bell is all you own?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 06b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, that's rude!
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 06b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...And even if it was like that, it must be a very expensive bell, right granny?
:{{DIcon}} In you go, Paimon.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 06c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? There's no way Paimon would fit in there!
::{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 06c 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And why do you need Paimon to go in, anyway? Can't you just lift the lid and look inside?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 madameping 16.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Hohoho, youngsters. I simply mean that the bell is somewhere inside this teapot, and you are quite welcome to borrow it &mdash; if you can find it.
;(After the conversation)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This granny's so weird, what does she mean her whole household is in here. Is she playing with us?

;(Talk to Madame Ping again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq104 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Aren't you youngsters in a hurry to find that bell? Hop to it, then.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq104 madameping 02.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But be careful. I haven't cleaned this place up in a long time.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq104 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' If you were to get dirt on your beautiful clothes, it would take some work to clean up.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Inside the Teapot===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After touching the teapot and being teleported into a Domain)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehh? Where are we? What... just happened?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Youngsters, this is where this old woman keeps all her things. Quickly now, go fetch that bell.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! That sounds like granny's voice. So... this is her teapot?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on...
<!--:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There! Looks like something's... crawling out!?-->
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 02.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Oh dear, so many {{Color|buzzword|cobwebs}}. It seems I really haven't cleaned it in a long while.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Sorry to trouble you, children. Please help an old lady clean up.

;(Upon reaching the platform with the large Geo Slime and the black spider)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you notice? The {{Color|buzzword|cobwebs}} were made of elemental energy.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How long has it been since granny last swept this place?

;(Upon gliding up to the next platform)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know... with such a special teapot, and the Cleansing Bell...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think this old granny could also be an [[adeptus]]?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's more and more convinced that she's an adeptus.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But don't they all live in [[Jueyun Karst]]?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why would she stay in the city?
<!--:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She also gives off a very different feeling from that Guardian Yaksha guy...-->

;(Upon triggering the next wind current mechanism)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, how many levels does this teapot have?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It would be nice if we had one of these too.
<!--:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That way, eating and sleeping would both be so much easier!-->
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Or at least, we wouldn't have to camp outside...

;(After taking the Cleansing Bell)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 08.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Oh, you've found it? Youngsters are so quick on their feet.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 09.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Now, let me see... How did this opening work again? Oh dear...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 10.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Alright, that'll do. Come on out now, children.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Cleansing Bell Obtained===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After leaving the domain)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Ho-ho, in and out in no time... You youngsters really are quick.
:{{DIcon}} Are you an adeptus, ma'am?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 02a 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' An adeptus... I haven't heard anyone say those words in earnest for a long time.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 02a 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' As to whether I am one or not, child, surely you already understand?
:{{DIcon}} Are you one of the Liyue Qixing?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 02b 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' The Qixing... Those children stopped letting my friends and I into their counsel long ago.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 02b 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Still, they've done well recently. We old folks are content to be idle.
:{{DIcon}} Are you with the Fatui?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 02c 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' The Fatui? Hah! Child, what goes on in that mind of yours, I wonder?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 02c 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' I'm far too old to be quibbling with them.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 02c 3.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But if they overreach themselves, I will do what I must.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon kinda knows what you mean, but is also kinda confused. Are you really giving us the bell just like that Granny?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't you think it's weird? Something's just happened to Rex Lapis, and then we come running up asking for it...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Oh, don't be silly. Liyue Harbor has been through a great deal in its history. In that time, it has seen the departure of countless adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 04.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But no matter what, we have always performed the [[Rite of Parting]] first before any other matters.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 05.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' To cry "catch the murderer!" at the top of one's lungs, but ignore the Rite of Parting... That, to me, is what is wrong-headed.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 06.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Now that you have come to borrow the bell, I guess that perhaps an old friend of mine has finally decided to take matters into their own hands.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 07.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' So, why would I be unwilling to lend you the bell?
:{{DIcon}} What if your friend doesn't return it?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 08a 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Oh? Well, if it came to that... Haha, they would find a certain old lady knocking at their door.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 08a 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' We haven't met in a while anyway, it would be nice to share a drink and chat.
:{{DIcon}} Can I keep it?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! It belongs to granny! We're supposed to return what we borrow!
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 08b 1.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Let you keep it? Haha, you really are a frank child. If you want it, you can keep it.
::{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 08b 2.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But this bell gets homesick sometimes. Who knows, it might find its way back into these old hands...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 09.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Well, you must have things to do. Since you have the bell, you should return.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 10.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Oh, and, do tell the person who sent you...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 madameping 11.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' ...that if they have time, they can come over for tea. I don't have much to offer, but you can always count on an old lady for a pot of tea.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We will! Thanks, granny!

;(Talk to Madame Ping again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq104 madameping 04.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' It seems my old friends just can't stand idly by anymore.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq104 madameping 05.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Let's just hope nothing messy comes of this.
----
;(Talk to Zhongli at Yujing Terrace)
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed, this is the Cleansing Bell. Hmm, it's in good condition.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Let's place the perfume we've prepared inside.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know Madame Ping?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 03a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Of course. How would I know that the bell was with her, otherwise?
:{{DIcon}} Are you also an adeptus?
::{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 03b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' An adeptus...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's suspicious! But if you don't want to talk about it, we won't pry.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yes! That old granny asked us to tell you something.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "If you have the time, you can come over for tea. I don't have much to offer, but you can always count on an old lady for a pot of tea."
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ha, that tone does not suit you. Still, her tea pot is indeed very good. There are none better for brewing tea.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' When a suitable time arrives, I'll bring a spot of fine tea and pay her a visit.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what's the next step in our preparations?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm... Next, we need to purchase {{Color|buzzword|kites}}.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Paimon loves kites! Are you taking us kite flying? Is this our break time?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, no, no. Kites are children's toys, yes, but they also play various symbolic roles in Liyue's rituals.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I will explain it to you. But our next course of action should probably be to purchase the kites first.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, sure... curiouser and curiouser...

===Rites Observations===
;(Observe the perfume)
:'''Observe the perfume:''' (A specially prepared perfume, made from a rare type of [[Silk Flower]]. It has a faint scent.)
:'''Observe the perfume:''' (I'm still curious why Rex Lapis would go for the scent preferred by older women...)

;(Observe the bell)
:'''Observe the bell:''' (A vital implement used in the [[Rite of Parting]]. The cleansing sound of the bell rids the deity of all impurities from the mortal world as it bids them farewell... Or something like that?)
:'''Observe the bell:''' (I can't believe someone would store such a precious object in a teapot filled with cobwebs.)

;(Observe the Noctilucous Jade)
:'''Observe the Noctilucous Jade:''' (Only Noctilucous Jade of radiant grade at the very least is acceptable for use in the Rite of Parting.)
:'''Observe the Noctilucous Jade:''' (Who'd have thought the hilichurls' cooking pot in Dadaupa Gorge would be a reliable means of assessing the quality...)
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
===To be sorted===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we won't be able to pass if we don't clear these {{Color|buzzword|cobwebs}}.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's just clean them out first.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess it also counts as helping that granny out.

:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not just one type, either... it's a mix of lots of elements.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Normally, these elements would have started reacting to one another already.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But here, they've made such stable {{Color|buzzword|cobwebs}} instead...

:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 04.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Keep moving ahead, children, I remember leaving the bell in a much higher spot.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wah! G&mdash;Granny, you scared us!
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 05.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' This child jumps and starts at anything... Go on, and mind you don't get your clothes dirty!

:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 06.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Strange, this platform won't come down.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 madameping 07.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Look around a bit, children. It's an old mechanism that's most likely fallen into disrepair...
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it those {{Color|buzzword|cobwebs}} again? Let's go look around.

:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, we've really done a great job cleaning up this time.
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if this place is so big, how did granny clean it up by herself in the past?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did she do it with some sort of adeptus arts?
:{{A|vo lyaq104 3 paimon 28.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, just like how that Tone-Deaf Bard used to summon the wind.
{{Dialogue end}}
-->

==Trivia==
* The two [[Glaze Lilies]] in front of Madame Ping cannot be picked up until after the Cleansing Bell is claimed.
** If the Glaze Lilies have already been collected earlier and are still waiting to respawn, they will disappear after completing the quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Realm Within
|zhs     = 壶天
|zhs_rm  = Hú tiān
|zht     = 壺天
|zht_rm  = Hú tiān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 壺の中
|ja_rm   = Tsubo no Naka
|ja_tl   = Inside the Pot
|ko      = 호천
|ko_rm   = Hocheon
|ko_tl   = Adeptus World
|es      = El mundo en una tetera
|es_tl   = The World in a Teapot
|fr      = Mise en vase
|fr_tl   = Putting in Vase
|ru      = Вселенная в чайнике
|ru_tl   = The World in a Teapot
|th      = ท้องฟ้าในกาน้ำชา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Sky in the Teapot
|vi      = Chiếc Ấm Thần Kỳ
|vi_tl   = Magical Pot
|de      = Innere Welt
|de_tl   = Inner World
|id      = Di Alam Lain
|id_tl   = In Another Realm
|pt      = O Reino Interior
|pt_tl   = The Inner Realm
|tr      = Çaydanlık
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il Regno interiore
|it_tl   = The Inner Realm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:El mundo en una tetera]]
[[ja:壺の中]]
[[pt-br:O Reino Interior]]