{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest The Fallen Falcon.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = 
|part          = 
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Masseira; Tadhla; Liloupar
|startLocation = [[Tanit Camps]]
|region        = Sumeru
|subregion     = Great Red Sand
|area          = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea       = Tanit Camps
|prev          = [["The Falcon's Hunt"]]
|next          = [[Memories of Gurabad]]
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''''The Fallen Falcon''''' is a world quest that can be started in [[Tanit Camps]]. The quest can be obtained by waiting one in-game day after the completion of ''[["The Falcon's Hunt"]]'' and speaking to [[Masseira]].

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking to Masseira
# Go to the place where [[Tadhla]] is waiting for you
# Talk to Tadhla
# Defeat Tadhla
#* {{Enemy|Eremite Galehunter|text=Tadhla - Bent-Winged Falcon}}
# Confront Masseira

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Hunter's Mercy]]''.
* Finding the "chess piece" in the Temple of Gurabad unlocks the world quest series ''[[Apocalypse Lost]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Masseira tells you that Tadhla is waiting for you in the place where you first met. Sounds like Tadhla has something urgent to talk to you about...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Masseira)
:'''Masseira:''' Ah, you've come. A moment, if you please. This should be the last time that I ask a favor of you.
:{{DIcon}} Well then, what do you need help with?
::'''Masseira:''' It is Tadhla. She wants to talk to you.
:{{DIcon}} I have other things to do...
::'''Masseira:''' Please, hear me out. Tadhla wants to talk to you.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Why so formal?
:'''Masseira:''' The ruins in the north, around where you first met each other.
:{{DIcon}} What did you say?
::'''Masseira:''' The ruins in the north, around where you first met each other. Don't forget.
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
::'''Masseira:''' Yes. Please, treat her well.

;(Talk to Masseira again, optional)
:'''Masseira:''' The ruins in the north, around where you first met each other.
:'''Masseira:''' This is her choice. I hope you will respect that.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Masseira, optional)
:'''Masseira:''' (...Before the mist of the morning, before the mirage of the noon, my Falcon takes off...)

----
;(Approach Tadhla)
:'''Tadhla:''' Here you are. I am happy that you came.
:{{DIcon}} I heard you wanted to talk to me.
:{{DIcon}} How's it going?
:'''Tadhla:''' I've always liked the desert at this time of the day. It's beautiful. It's my favorite sight.
:'''Tadhla:''' Only it is a shame that I never had the chance to watch the sunset with my friends.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... The desert is all dyed with the color of the sunset. So peaceful and quiet...
:'''Paimon:''' But, Tadhla, did you ask us to come here just for that?
:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Tadhla:''' To the Tanit, you are guests. To Falcons, you are potential prey. But I hope you are the ones who will survive.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Tadhla:''' So, I am sorry.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (…My heartbeat hasn't slowed down… Is this excitement? Or fear? I'm scared, but also very excited…)

;(While fighting Tadhla)
:'''Tadhla:''' Ugh! It hurts, but I'm happy nonetheless!

;(After defeating Tadhla)
:'''Tadhla:''' Please... do not... forget me!
:'''Paimon:''' Tadhla? Tadhla! Uh, she—
:'''Liloupar:''' This is the choice of her own will: To no longer live as a Falcon, but as a friend.

;(Obtain [[Tadhla's Feather]])
----
;(Interact with the letter near Masseira's tent)
:'''Paimon:''' Darn it, Masseira is gone!
:'''Liloupar:''' He left a note. Hmph, that sly old fox.
;(Open Neat Note)
::'''Neat Note'''
::By the time you see this note, I should already have ensconced myself in a safehouse within the valley.
::If your head is still on your shoulders, do not weep for Tadhla's choice.<br /><br />
::This hunt is not yet over. This is just the beginning of the storm.
::Thus does Masseira the Hunter, elder of Tanit, warn you.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What does he mean by all this? Paimon doesn't get it.
:'''Liloupar:''' Seems like he fled the tribe under certain pressure and left this note for you. Hmph, the Tanit sure are not as peaceful as they seem.{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Fallen Falcon
|zhs     = 折翼的猎鹰
|zhs_rm  = Zhéyì de Lièyīng
|zht     = 折翼的獵鷹
|zht_rm  = Zhéyì de Lièyīng
|zh_tl   = The Falcon Whose Wings are Broken
|ja      = 翼の折れた猟鷹
|ja_rm   = Tsubasa no Oreta Ryuuyou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Hunting Falcon with Broken Wings
|ko      = 날개가 꺾인 사냥매
|ko_tl   = Hunting Falcon Whose Wings are Broken
|es      = La halcón herida
|es_tl   = The Wounded Falcon
|fr      = Le faucon déchu
|fr_tl   = The Fallen Falcon
|ru      = Сложивший крылья сокол
|ru_tl   = Falcon with Folded Wings
|th      = เหยี่ยวนักล่าปีกหัก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Chim Ưng" Gãy Cánh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = „Jagdfalke“ mit gestutzten Flügeln
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Elang yang Patah Sayapnya
|id_tl   = Falcon Whose Wings are Broken
|pt      = Falcão de Asas Quebradas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mağlup Şahin
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il Falco caduto
|it_tl   = The Fallen Falcon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[es:La halcón herida]]