{{Stub|Add location images of the variants, use the map templates in [[Genshin Impact Wiki:Map Guide]]}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23027
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission The Great Tree.png
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[The Akademiya]], [[Sumeru]]
|next          = [[The Great Tree: Rooted State]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Yasmin; Paimon; Traveler
|npc           = Yasmin
}}
'''''The Great Tree''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs at [[The Akademiya]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Yasmin]]
#Go to the roots of the [[Divine Tree]]
#Defeat all opponents/Clear out the cobwebs
#Record the condition of the roots
#Report back to Yasmin

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
Enemies from this Commission do not drop items, Mora, or experience.
;Cicin version
#Defeat all opponents: {{Enemy List|Hydro Cicin * 4}}

;Fungus version
#Defeat all opponents: {{Enemy List|Floating Hydro Fungus * 2; Stretchy Anemo Fungus * 3}}

;Spider version
#Clear out the cobwebs:
#* [[Spider]] ×2

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A student named Yasmin seems very concerned about the state of the Divine Tree before her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Yasmin, optional)
:'''Yasmin:''' (Everything is normal...)

;(If the commission has not been completed before)
:;(Talk to Yasmin)
::'''Yasmin:''' Looks like it does need some proper care...
::{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
::'''Yasmin:''' You are... Huh. Judging by your looks, you must be a traveler, yes?
::'''Yasmin:''' I'm [[Yasmin]], a student from [[Amurta]]. I'm here to study the Divine Tree.
::'''Yasmin:''' The years this Divine Tree has seen exceed the total amount of rice grains contained in all the pilaf in [[Port Ormos]].
::'''Yasmin:''' It also holds the [[Akademiya]] up. It can be said to be as important as the vegetables at the bottom of [[Tandoori Roast Chicken]].
::{{DIcon}} What kind of simile is this...
::{{DIcon}} This is your kind of analogy, eh, Paimon?
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, it is a great tree indeed...
::'''Yasmin:''' If anything untoward were to happen to it, [[Sumeru City]] in its entirety would face terrible disasters.
::'''Yasmin:''' It might be harried by pests, or locusts bigger than a roof might rush out from the inside...
::'''Yasmin:''' Or the branches might go into a growing frenzy, and the roots might sprout outward like floods from the earth, destroying every house in its path.
::'''Yasmin:''' Or maybe the Divine Tree might wither so very quickly that its trunk falls on half of Sumeru City, crushing everything there...
::{{DIcon}} Th&mdash;Those things aren't really gonna happen, right!?
::'''Yasmin:''' Oh, of course. Or at least, everything has been totally fine so far.
::'''Yasmin:''' But then again, it's not like the fungal beasts will warn you in advance before attacking you while you gather mushrooms in the forests.
::'''Yasmin:''' That's why I'm here: to observe the tree and prepare for any incidents that might come our way.
::'''Yasmin:''' But as you can see, my thoughts are as swift as a [[Dusk Bird]], yet my strength is as feeble as a [[Starshroom]].
::'''Yasmin:''' So, Traveler, could you help me record the condition of the Divine Tree's roots at a few locations?
::'''Yasmin:''' Usually, I hire adventurers to go with me, but no one seems to have been available this time around...
::{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::{{DIcon}} Do you researchers all talk like that...
:::'''Yasmin:''' Eh? Are you referring to the similes I'm using? Sorry about that. It's just how I talk...
:::'''Yasmin:''' People in the Akademiya have also talked to me about this, but I can't just change at the drop of a hat!
:::'''Yasmin:''' I'm counting on you this time. I'll be waiting for you here.
;(If [[The Great Tree: Rooted State]] has been completed before)
:;(Talk to Yasmin)
::'''Yasmin:''' Traveler, what a coincidence. We meet again.
::{{DIcon}} Are you still doing your research?
::'''Yasmin:''' Yes. Ladep and Pharez requested more data, so here I am, continuing my work.
::'''Yasmin:''' That said, I wonder how those roots are doing right now...
::'''Yasmin:''' Traveler, if you would, please help me record the conditions of the Divine Tree roots once again.

;(Talk to Yasmin again)
:'''Yasmin:''' I'm counting on you this time. I'll be waiting for you here.
----
===Cicin version===
;(Upon approaching the roots of the Divine Tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Wah! Bugs! What are these bugs? Chase them away! Quick!

;(After defeating the opponents)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... Finally, some peace and quiet over here. Hurry, let's record the condition of the roots down.

===Fungus version===
;(Upon approaching the roots of the Divine Tree)
:'''Paimon:''' So many Fungi... Why are they gathering here?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's drive them away first.

;(After defeating the opponents)
:'''Paimon:''' Hooray, goodbye, Fungi! Hurry, let's record the condition of these roots.

===Spider version===
;(Upon approaching the roots of the Divine Tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Gah, these spiderwebs are everywhere... Agh! Big spiders! Hurry, take them down, quick!

;(After defeating the opponents)
:'''Paimon:''' Bah, those spiders were so annoying! Come on, let's record the condition of the roots real quick, so we can get outta here as soon as possible.

===Conclusion===
;(Talk to Yasmin)
:'''Yasmin:''' You're back. How are the Divine Tree roots?
:{{Black Screen|You describe the condition of the roots to Yasmin...}}
:'''Yasmin:''' ...Oh, if there are living creatures gathered there, then the area should still be full of vitality.
:'''Yasmin:''' That means that the roots of the Divine Tree should be able to grow steadily without any serious problems for now.
:'''Yasmin:''' The only concern... is the possible eutrophication of the surrounding water bodies, which might nourish more Fungi...
:'''Yasmin:''' Anyway, here's your payment. Thanks for your help.
:'''Yasmin:''' We'd best have [[Ladep]] and [[Pharez]] monitor the concentration of elements nearby...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Great Tree
|zhs     = 大树
|zhs_rm  = Dà Shù
|zht     = 大樹
|zht_rm  = Dà Shù
|zh_tl   = The Great Tree
|ja      = 大樹
|ja_rm   = Taiju
|ja_tl   = The Great Tree
|ko      = 큰 나무
|ko_tl   = The Big Tree
|es      = El gran árbol
|es_tl   = The Great Tree
|fr      = Un énorme arbre
|fr_tl   = A Huge Tree
|ru      = Великое древо
|ru_tl   = The Great Tree
|th      = ต้นไม้ใหญ่
|th_rm   = Ton Mai Yai
|th_tl   = The Huge Tree
|vi      = {{tt|Đại Thụ|大 树}}
|vi_tl   = The Great Tree
|de      = Großer Baum
|de_tl   = Great Tree
|id      = Pohon Besar
|id_tl   = The Big Tree
|pt      = Grande Árvore
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ulu Ağaç
|tr_tl   = Great Tree
|it      = Il Grande Albero
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru|In Series}}