{{Quest Infobox
|title         = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|id            = 73257
|image         = World Quest The Hymn of Tir Yazad.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|part          = 3
|characters    = Mihir; Paimon; Rashnu; Sorush; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Vourukasha Oasis]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Gavireh Lajavard
|subarea       = Vourukasha Oasis
|prev          = As the Khvarena's Light Shows
|next          = The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*25,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
}}
'''''The Hymn of Tir Yazad''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[Khvarena of Good and Evil]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Vourukasha Oasis
# Talk to [[Zurvan]]
# Go to the Tunigi Hollow
# Talk to [[Mihir]] and [[Rashnu]]
# Place the Great Song of Khvarena
# Place the rest of the Great Songs of Khvarena (0/4)
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Grenadier;Hilichurl Fighter*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
# Talk to Mihir
# Go to the first huge tree
# Cleanse the huge tree
# Go to the second huge tree
# Defeat the monsters that have been released
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Pyro Abyss Mage;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|Pyro Abyss Mage;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp}}
# Go to the third huge tree
# Defeat the monsters that have been released
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Electro Abyss Mage;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
# Talk to Mihir and Rashnu

==Gameplay Notes==
* When cleansing the second and third huge trees, any undefeated monsters will automatically disappear once the cleansing is completed.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|A Rope Over an Abyss}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've managed to gather all the Great Songs of Khvarena regardless. Now, it is time to resolve the anomaly in the sky...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Sorush's been pretty quiet since we left the ruined factory.
:'''Paimon:''' She used to keep talking on and on, so Paimon's not used to her being silent now.
:{{DIcon}} She must've been frightened quite badly.
:{{DIcon}} Considering what happened...
:{{DIcon}} Or maybe she's just tired.
:'''Paimon:''' Cheer up, Sorush! We've still got so many things to do!
:'''Paimon:''' For instance, we need to perform... um, that rite with a name Paimon can't remember, and then fix the giant hole.
:'''Paimon:''' After we're done, let's treat ourselves to something delicious for our hard work!
:'''Paimon:''' We can have... Um, Paimon doesn't know what Pari prefer for food...
:'''Sorush:''' ...
:'''Sorush:''' ...Pari don't need to eat, Silly Floater.
:'''Sorush:''' *sigh* To think I have fallen so low to require the Pale Floater's comfort, what a shame.
:'''Sorush:''' I'd rather be sealed into the Gray Crystals right away or find myself a cavern to slumber undisturbed for eternity, till everyone I know ceases to exist.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon said Paimon's not a Pale Floater! But is there really such a cavern?
:{{DIcon}} Avoidance can't really solve the problem.
::'''Sorush:''' At this point, I'm past caring!
:{{DIcon}} There are still things you must do, right?
::'''Sorush:''' I know, I know, but...
:'''Sorush:''' How am I supposed to live with the sheer embarrassment of being fooled by [[Nasejuna]]?
:'''Sorush:''' Anyway, now that you've collected all the Great Songs of Khvarena, you can go to Mihir or Rashnu if you want to solve the anomaly in the sky.
:'''Sorush:''' Whatever the case, please leave me alone and pretend you never heard the things I said.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, you did say a lot of weird stuff...
:{{DIcon}} "My Yasnapati"?
:{{DIcon}} "My valiant form"?
:{{DIcon}} "Fated sacrifice"?
:'''Sorush:''' Awwww, stop! Please stop!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, stop teasing her now! She's been traveling with us for so long, after all, and Paimon doesn't wanna see her quit halfway.
:'''Paimon:''' What's more, Sorush does have... some good qualities... like, um...
:'''Sorush:''' I saw you hesitating! *wail* Stop patronizing me!
:{{DIcon}} You're quick to act.
:{{DIcon}} You've got a sense of responsibility.
:'''Paimon:''' Yep yep! And haven't we been working hard to extinguish the Sign of Apaosha?
:'''Paimon:''' It's all thanks to you that we've made it so far!
:'''Paimon:''' How did it go again? Let Paimon think... Ah, "As long as you keep going, I believe that it will only be a matter of time before you become a truly great adventurer."
:'''Sorush:''' Really? Do you genuinely mean to praise me?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, as genuine as a friend could be.
:'''Sorush:''' Hehe, I knew I was great!
:'''Sorush:''' Hehe, my motivation is back.
:'''Paimon:''' Now that the motivated Sorush is back, let's go find Zurvan, fix the giant hole, and get the reward! Paimon can't wait for her big meal!

;(Talk to Zurvan)
:'''Paimon:''' Zurvan, we're back!
:'''Zurvan:''' Ah, it's {{Traveler}}, Sorush, and Paimon.
:'''Zurvan:''' By the looks of it, you must've obtained all the [[Great Song of Khvarena|Great Songs of Khvarena]].
:{{DIcon}} Despite some accidents.
:{{DIcon}} I'm exhausted.
:'''Zurvan:''' Whatever the case, the result is desirable. I was right to entrust the mission to you.
:'''Zurvan:''' Without you, the Great Songs of Khvarena might've been robbed away by those with ill intent.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, why does Paimon feel like Zurvan saw what was coming?
:'''Zurvan:''' Eh-he, so I was on to something! You didn't run into the followers of the dark hollow, did you?
:{{DIcon}} How did you know?
::'''Zurvan:''' Well... Instead of dwelling on how I knew, why don't you tell me what exactly happened?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, we did.
::'''Zurvan:''' Oh, then why don't you tell me what exactly happened?
:{{Black Screen|You recount your adventure in the underground ruins and Nasejuna's betrayal to Zurvan.}}
:'''Zurvan:''' Hehe, even the Order's Vijnanapati had sided with the dark hollow. That was unexpected &mdash; not that I had any hopes in them to begin with, but that's just a step too far.
:'''Zurvan:''' And if I'm not mistaken, Nasejuna had been enticed into pursuing the Great Songs of Khvarena by the [[Klingsor|servant of the dark hollow]] you fought. That one's an old acquaintance of mine.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You know that guy from the Abyss Order?
:'''Zurvan:''' Hmph, he used to be with the Order of Skeptics. Several hundred years ago, an investigation team from the forest came to explore the secrets of the Dahrians.
:'''Zurvan:''' They insisted on entering the Dahrian ruins despite the Order's warning. So the then-Vijnanapati sent the man to go with the team in case something happened.
:'''Zurvan:''' No one knew what they encountered in the ruins, but by the time he reappeared, he had already embraced the defilement's blessings, and the investigation team was nowhere to be found.
:'''Zurvan:''' Then came the followers of the dark hollow. They were after the Great Songs of Khvarena and for that purpose, they summoned countless demons of Dev to attack the Vourukasha Oasis.
:'''Zurvan:''' Although we managed to protect our home with the help of many Pari and human warriors, we didn't eradicate the dark hollow's followers.
:'''Zurvan:''' To ensure that I left no gaps for them to exploit, I sealed the Vourukasha Oasis and the many ruins with the power of the Great Songs.
:'''Zurvan:''' The Order of Skeptics never recovered from this incident. They lost their ancient archives to fire, and gradually became like this.
:'''Zurvan:''' I sensed that the followers of the dark hollow were making their play since you last mentioned them, but I didn't expect them to have corrupted even the leader of the Skeptics.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, Paimon's still wondering about what Nasejuna said. Do you know anything about the Skeptics' ancestors?
:{{DIcon}} You've fought alongside them, after all.
:'''Zurvan:''' Hehe, history becomes legend, legend becomes tale &mdash; that's how traditions live on. Forgetting is also part of the story.
:'''Zurvan:''' The more you cling to the idea of tradition, the more you only selectively remember the story you desire and eventually become lost in the maze of tales.
:'''Zurvan:''' In a world where things are being forgotten every hour of every day, what we engrave on the ground is far more reliable than what we sing to the wind.
:'''Zurvan:''' That's why I trust you, for you're forthright and never seem to concern yourselves with other people's judgment.
:'''Paimon:''' Although you're praising us, the way you put it sounds somewhat odd...
:{{DIcon}} I somehow feel a sense of sarcasm.
:'''Sorush:''' I presume Elder Zurvan's words are intended for me...
:'''Zurvan:''' As for what happened five hundred years ago, I think you'd want to see for yourself than hear my version of the story.
:'''Zurvan:''' And now you have exactly the perfect opportunity.
:'''Zurvan:''' By the way, Sorush, it appears that you've grown more reliable now. With what you've been through, have you awakened from those raving-mad myths of humans?
:'''Sorush:''' Elder! Please just let bygones be bygones!
:'''Zurvan:''' It seems that I made the right decision to entrust the issue to {{Traveler}} and Paimon. In that case, I guess I can also leave the Rite of Ab-Zohr in your capable hands without any reservations.
:{{DIcon}} The Rite of Ab-Zohr...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers hearing Zurvan mention it! Is it for cleansing... um, defilement of sorts?
:'''Zurvan:''' The Rite of Ab-Zohr is a ritual performed to cleanse the [[Harvisptokhm]] of defilement. Normally, you only need to conduct it under the trees that suppress darkness.
:'''Zurvan:''' However, with the seal weakening and the anomaly re-emerging in the sky, we need more than the usual to solve the problem.
:'''Zurvan:''' The anomaly appeared above the Harvisptokhm as a result of the tree absorbing a great amount of defilement.
:'''Zurvan:''' With that excessive amount of filth building up within it, and the corrosion caused by the anomaly, the Harvisptokhm can no longer sustain the Khvarena's power.
:'''Zurvan:''' The only thing we can do now is enter the Harvisptokhm to cleanse it and wake our god.
:'''Paimon:''' So we can actually enter the Harvisptokhm?
:'''Zurvan:''' Of course. Did you think that the Rite of Chinvat was to be performed inside that dark hollow? Even Pari wouldn't be able to stand the defilement within.
:'''Zurvan:''' Inside the Harvisptokhm lies a giant lotus, Gaokerena, and our god's consciousness slumbers within it. By cleansing the defilement, the Flower of Sanctity will bloom once again.
:'''Zurvan:''' The Amrita will rid the land of all its impurities. Convoluted as these processes may sound, I believe they shall constitute no hindrance to you.
:'''Zurvan:''' Well then, I have already sent Rashnu and Mihir to the Tunigi Hollow. You need only bring over the Great Songs, and then you'll be able to gather the power of Khvarena.
:'''Zurvan:''' Khvarena will awaken the huge trees that are suppressing the darkness and purify the contaminated mud in the depths. After that, you can then perform the Rite of Chinvat and thus open the path into the Harvisptokhm.
:'''Zurvan:''' And once you are inside, the Chaplet will reveal to Sorush the great deeds of ancient heroes.
:'''Zurvan:''' Since all memories related to Khvarena will return to the Harvisptokhm in the end, these memories will never fade no matter how legends are retold and changed.
:'''Sorush:''' I've never heard of this!
:'''Zurvan:''' Hehe, the Chaplet was originally a part of the Harvisptokhm. You will know when you get there.
:'''Zurvan:''' Now, please go and extinguish the Sign of Apaosha. We will meet again when Amrita falls from the sky.

;(Talk to Zurvan again)
:'''Zurvan:''' Then, please extinguish the Sign of Apaosha. You will know what transpired in the past once you're inside the Harvisptokhm.
:'''Zurvan:''' We will meet again when Amrita falls from the sky.
----
;(Approach Mihir and Rashnu)
:'''Rashnu:''' What took Sorush so long...
:'''Mihir:''' We've been waiting here for a very long time.
:'''Rashnu:''' I'm so tired... I want to... go back to sleep. Zzz...
:'''Sorush:''' Hey, that's not fair. I'm the one who's been laboring hard all along and you didn't do anything!
:'''Mihir:''' That's not true. Waiting is also an important job. In fact, acting is only momentary while waiting is eternal.
:'''Paimon:''' What's with this weird logic...
:'''Mihir:''' That's just the philosophy of us Pari.
:'''Mihir:''' But now is not the time to discuss philosophies. What matters is the Great Songs of Khvarena. I trust you've collected all of them, no?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course we have!
:'''Mihir:''' In that case, let us remove the seal. Then you can gather the power of Khvarena with the Great Songs.
:'''Mihir:''' But be careful. Since the filth has been building up for centuries, I have no idea what will emerge once I remove the seal.

;(Place the {{Item|Great Song of Khvarena}})
:'''Paimon:''' Now that we've placed the Great Khvarena properly, everything around here seems to have recovered!
:'''Mihir:''' These trees were originally cultivated with Khvarena to resist the corrosion of the cataclysm. It's just that their power has ebbed away with the passage of time.
:'''Mihir:''' With the Great Songs' nourishment, they will be able to regain their former glory.
:'''Mihir:''' But with the seal removed now, the filth from the past has been freed, too.
:'''Mihir:''' The rite won't be able to continue if Rashnu and I spend all our energy here. So please take care of these locations for us.
:'''Sorush:''' Hehe, leave it to me! It's the Bloomguard's job to fight defilement!
:'''Mihir:''' Whether it is Sorush or myself, all Pari have a duty that they must undertake.
:'''Mihir:''' But you are different. You have come to help us out of the goodness of your hearts. For that, you have my thanks.

;(Talk to Mihir again)
:'''Mihir:''' Whether it is Sorush or myself, all Pari have a duty that they must undertake.
:'''Mihir:''' But you are different. You have come to help us out of the goodness of your hearts. For that, you have my thanks.

;(Talk to Rashnu)
:'''Rashnu:''' I'm so tired... I want to... go back to sleep. Zzz...

;(Approach a corroded tree)
:'''Paimon:''' The tree looks like it's been corroded by something... gross. Is this what Mihir talked about?
:'''Paimon:''' Once we clean away the icky stuff, we should be able to place the Great Khvarena!

;(Approach the other corroded tree)
:'''Sorush:''' This place looks touched by the corrosion, too. Let me purify it.
:'''Sorush:''' The Chaplet is also lending me its aid!

;(Approach a tree protected by monsters)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Monsters have been released!
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph, you make such a fuss of meaningless trifles, Pale Floater. Haven't we faced such adversaries numerous times already?
:'''Sorush:''' Dealing with them will be a simple matter!

;(Approach the other tree protected by monsters)
:'''Sorush:''' And more monsters come to disturb us. How vexing!
:'''Sorush:''' Let us see them unmade with a single burst of effort!
----
;(Talk to Mihir)
:'''Paimon:''' Mm, our work is done!
:'''Paimon:''' It seems that some flowers have grown on the tree. But what do we do next?
:'''Mihir:''' Ah, don't look at me. I'm as clueless as you.
:'''Mihir:''' Now that Sorush has already put on the Twin-Horned Chaplet, she can connect to the memories and wisdom of the Harvisptokhm using the Chaplet.
:'''Mihir:''' Give it a try, Sorush.
:'''Sorush:''' I know, but I'm not yet used to the Chaplet!
:'''Sorush:''' Um... I think I see new shoots sprouting, but the filth hasn't been fully cleansed yet.
:'''Sorush:''' We still need to purify these flowers.
:'''Sorush:''' Then the pure power of Khvarena will thrive again.

;(Approach the first huge tree)
:'''Sorush:''' By purifying these flowers with the power of the Chaplet, they can channel the purest of Khvarena.

;(Approach the second huge tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Agh, why are there so many monsters here?
:'''Sorush:''' A pack of mindless Dev! Get out of my way!

;(After purifying the second huge tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Now there's just one last flower left!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon hopes it won't unleash some terrible filth this time around.

;(Approach the third huge tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Agh, not again!
:'''Sorush:''' Yasnapati, make sure to protect me while I purify these flowers.

;(After purifying the third huge tree)
:'''Paimon:''' It's gotten quiet, finally.
:'''Mihir:''' Now, perform the Rite of Chinvat before the filth starts to ooze out again.
:'''Mihir:''' Then our job will be done.
:'''Rashnu:''' And that means... I can sleep in peace... without anyone disturbing me.
:'''Mihir:''' Come on, Sorush!
:'''Rashnu:''' Sorush, hurry up!
:'''Mihir:''' It has to be the three of us.
<!-- short cutscene plays -->

;(Talk to Mihir and Rashnu)
:'''Mihir:''' Done. The path to the depths has opened, and our mission is completed.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, that was quick. You kept talking about "rite" and stuff, so Paimon thought it'd take a whole bunch of complicated incantations to conduct.
:'''Mihir:''' Hmph, only humans need such things, as they can't even wield the power of the elements on their own.
:'''Mihir:''' We Pari are different, for our power and that of the Khvarena hail from the same source. It's like how you humans don't need to recite incantations to walk.
:'''Mihir:''' Um... Although you don't walk, you float.
:'''Paimon:''' Like Paimon said, your logic is weird.
:'''Mihir:''' Anyway, let's not waste our time on this irrelevant topic. I'll leave what's next up to you.
:'''Mihir:''' "May the eternal Khvarena guide us on the upward path."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/xNxiJBgocwM
|caption1 = The Hymn of Tir Yazad Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|zhs      = 蒂尔・亚什特的赞歌
|zhs_rm   = Dì'ěr Yàshítè de Zàngē
|zht      = 蒂爾・亞什特的讚歌
|zht_rm   = Dì'ěr Yàshítè de Zàngē
|zh_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazd
|ja       = ティル・ヤザドの賛歌
|ja_rm    = Tiru-yazado no Sanka
|ja_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|ko       = 티르・야즈드<->의 찬송가
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazd
|es       = El himno de Tir Yazad
|es_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|fr       = L'hymne de Tir Yazad
|fr_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|ru       = Гимн Тир Язада
|ru_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|th       = บทสรรเสริญของ Tir Yazad
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Khúc Tán Dương Của Tir Yazad
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Tir Yazads Lobgesang
|de_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|id       = Lagu Pujian Tir Yazad
|id_tl    = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|pt       = O Hino de Tir Yazad
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Tir Yazad'ın İlahisi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = L'inno di Tir Yazad
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}