{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74002
|image         = World Quest The Story of the Princess and the Adventure Team.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Ann of the Narzissenkreuz
|act           = The Narzissenkreuz Adventure (Act)
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Al; Ann; Colonel Kate; Jak; Mori; Paimon; Petit Chou; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Annapausis]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Annapausis
|prev          = The Narzissenkreuz Adventure
|next          = Ann's Story
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Primogem*50;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
}}
'''''The Story of "the Princess" and "the Adventure Team"''''' is a [[World Quest]] and the second quest in the series ''[[The Narzissenkreuz Adventure (Act)|The Narzissenkreuz Adventure]]''.

==Steps==
# Enter the bubble
# Break the "treasure" seal (0/3) {{Enemy List|Bubbly Seahorse*3; Bubbler Seahorse}}
# Obtain the treasure
# Enter the tower
# Defeat [[Narzissenkreuz|Narcissus]]'s minions!
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Tainted Water-Spouting Phantasm|text="Villain" &mdash; Divine King of Narcissus|x=1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Tainted Water-Spouting Phantasm|text="Villain" &mdash; Divine King of Narcissus|x=1}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy|Tainted Water-Spouting Phantasm|text="Villain"|x=2}}
# Talk to the Narzissenkreuz Adventure Team
# Enter the bubble
# Reach the top floor of the tower
# Head to the unknown

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Ann]] will stay by the player's side as long as they remain in [[Chemin de L'Espoir]] and [[Annapausis]]. "Equipment"-type [[Gadget]]s can be equipped, but will not visually appear.
* [[Al]] and [[Petit Chou]] will fight alongside the player in step 5 as a {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Mallard}} and a {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Finch}}, respectively. They will do no damage to the enemies, however.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Hardships Experienced...}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have met many members from the Narzissenkreuz Adventure Team and have worked hard to successfully rescue the "Princess." Now go to the "magical fountain" mentioned by Ann, and board the water entity in mid-air.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the bubble)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh! We're... we're flying!
:'''Paimon:''' ...Huh, the Kingdom sure looks deserted from up here.
:'''Ann:''' Of course. It's been ruled by Narcissus for many years, and he's just the worst!
:'''Ann:''' His underlings steal snacks from children, burst balloons, and scream and shout all the time!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Well, they do sound bad, but not in the way Paimon was expecting...
:'''Ann:''' Hmm... You mean that bad people aren't just like that, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if they were, this world would be a better place.
:;(The bubble enters the water and disappears)
:'''Paimon:''' Weren't we just flying up into the sky in a bubble?
:'''Ann:''' Yes, we were.
:'''Paimon:''' And we kept going up, and up, and up, until we crashed headfirst into the water, right?
:'''Ann:''' Yes. Is there something wrong?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, there's so much wrong with this that Paimon doesn't even know where to start...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps this is just one of the kingdom's magical aspects.
:{{DIcon}} No one wishes to have their soul weighed down by gravity.
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh. You know what? Paimon's just not gonna ask! The Princess's treasure should be around here somewhere, right?
:'''Ann:''' Yes. It is there, protected by a three-layered seal.
:'''Paimon:''' Where? Oh, you mean that? Hmm, while that outer bubble is pretty big, the treasure seems to be inside a really small chest.
:'''Paimon:''' And it looks like there are some threads of flowing water connected to the big bubble...
:'''Ann:''' It seems as if the Bubble Formation here will not attack us. Hmm, in that case, let's use it to break the seals!
:'''Ann:''' We just need to {{color|buzzword|guide its projectiles to the bubble rings connected to the flowing water}}. That should transfer the force of the projectile through the water and weaken the seals.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, those bubbles are pretty scary...
:'''Paimon:''' One, two, three... Looks like there are {{color|buzzword|three strands of water}}. Once we deal with them, the treasure should be ours!
:'''Ann:''' That's right. It's in your hands, Knight {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The next goal is to obtain the "Princess's treasure."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Swim near the bottom)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, "below" sure is... below!
:'''Paimon:''' Ergh, Paimon suddenly feels afraid of heights...
:'''Ann:''' If you fall, you'll have to ride a bubble all the way back up from the fountain over there.

;(Approach a Bubble Formation)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, this Mist Bubble's way slower now than when it attacked us...
:'''Paimon:''' There's something blocking the Mist Bubble! That's no good!

;(Complete the second bubble ring puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' Only one left! Still, though, why do we have to do everything three times?
:'''Ann:''' Because of The Rule of Three! This is an ancient principle, so it must be right!

;(Approach the third bubble ring puzzle)
:'''Ann:''' Next, we just need to handle the final ring!

;(Complete the third bubble ring puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' Right! Impressive as expected, {{Traveler}}! Next, we just need to get the treasure!

;(Open the Luxurious Chest)
:'''Ann:''' We've finally found it... The most precious of treasures...
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like a pocketwatch.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like it's not moving anymore...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it has been in water all this time, so it should've broken down long ago, right?
:'''Ann:''' This is... full of Princess [[Lyris]]'s precious time.
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Ann:''' Let's go back to the tower and meet up with our friends.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Treasure}})
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The next goal is to use the "Princess's treasure" to break the seal on the "tower" and rescue the "Princess."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Petit Chou:''' You're back!
:'''Al:''' Colonel Kate and Mori linked up with us while you were out.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. We're back with the Princess's treasure!
:'''Colonel Kate:''' Well done, soldier! You've made a fine contribution. The Resistance Front is proud of you!
:'''Al:''' Kate, now isn't the time...
:'''Jak:''' Not so fast, "Colonel." {{Traveler}} is a contact of the Orchestre, not cannon-fodder from some no-name army.
:'''Colonel Kate:''' Ha! Your orchestra couldn't hold {{Traveler}}. Not unless you wanted to name it after {{MC|m=him|f=her}} instead!
:'''Jak:''' Hmph! And what of your rank? You may as well give it to {{Traveler}}, no?
:'''Jak:''' The soldiers bleed while commanders steal the glory. This is quite ordinary. But you, now you're special! A "colonel" who not only does nothing, but even lets his troops take credit for victory!
:'''Colonel Kate:''' You...! While you were whiling your time away here, I was taking out the Bubble Formations in the waters above. If not for that, they would not have gained the treasure so easily!
:{{DIcon}} Stop fighting over me, all of you!
::'''Paimon:''' Wow, you sound like a female protagonist in a novel! Well, uh, how about this? Let's just call the organizations Colonel Paimon's Resistance Front and the Orchestre Paimon!
::'''Jak & Colonel Kate:''' ?
:{{DIcon}} I've heard enough. See you around.
:{{DIcon}} Let's get this straight first. I didn't join any of you...
:'''Ann:''' Ugh! That's it, I'm done! Mori, get him!
:'''Mori:''' Woof, woof! Bad person!
:{{Black Screen|Mori bowls Jak over.<!--click to show following lines--><br>Kate laughs at him...<br>Only to also be knocked over by Mori.}}
:{{Black Screen|The altercation is eventually calmed by Al and Petit Chou's mediation.}}
:'''Ann:''' Honestly...
:'''Paimon:''' Mori's really reliable at times like this, uh... Y'know, in some ways...
:{{DIcon}} Let's get to business, shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! We'll get nowhere if we keep arguing, and the more we go nowhere, the more we're gonna argue...
:'''Ann:''' Yes... You're both right.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's have a speech then, Ann! Y'know, the rousing kind!
:'''Ann:''' Eh? But...
:'''Al:''' I approve of Paimon's suggestion. Is it not at such times that an adventure team's leader should step up to the plate?
:'''Ann:''' But I'm not good at speeches... and can you really call me the "leader"...?
:'''Colonel Kate:''' As surely as I am a colonel, I affirm that you would be the best officer for this adventure team.
:'''Jak:''' My views on the title of "Colonel" aside, we are in accord.
:'''Petit Chou:''' I... I don't know much about leaders, or glory, or whatever, but if not for you, and if not for {{Traveler}} and Paimon, whom you brought here, I don't know what would've become of me...
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Ann:''' Knight {{Traveler}}, Paimon, what do you say?
:{{DIcon}} This is what everyone wants.
:{{DIcon}} This is between you and them.
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}} means that since everyone says so, you should just accept!
:'''Ann:''' Hmm... Well, in that case, what should a leader say in times like this?
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon think... Since we have Princess Lyris's treasure, next, we just need to enter the tower and rescue her, right?
:'''Paimon:''' So you just need to encourage everyone to do just that before we start.
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Ann:''' Paimon, do you have any interest in being leader? How about you, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey, you can't do that!
:'''Ann:''' Why not? If not for your strength, we wouldn't have made it this far...
:{{DIcon}} We're just here to support you.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not going to overstep on what's been a relaxing time so far.
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't that make me a "Grand Master" of sorts?
::{{DIcon}} Eh, that seems tiring. Forget it.
::'''Paimon:''' If you do become one someday, don't forget to make Paimon an Honorary Knight!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, now that's a title Paimon can get behind!
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever the case, only you can be the leader of this adventure team. That's what everyone wants, so stop trying to push it off to someone else!
:'''Everyone:''' We'll support you!
:'''Ann:''' Ohh, alright, alright! Ugh, this "leader" business used to be so much easier...
:'''Ann:''' Ahem.
:'''Ann:''' No matter what the name of our organization is, we're all part of the Narzissenkreuz Adventure Team. We have a common goal, to rescue Princess Lyris...
:'''Jak:''' Ms. Lyris.
:'''Ann:''' ...Or Ms. Lyris, and we intend to save the Narzissenkreuz Kingdom...
:'''Jak:''' Republic...
:'''Mori:''' (Growls threateningly.)
:'''Jak:''' *cough* Please continue, Ann.
:'''Ann:''' And restore the land and waters here to their original gleaming shimmer through the Reconquista, so that the sunflowers may once more flourish. Am I not right about that?
:'''Everyone, Even Jak:''' That's right!
:'''Ann:''' We've experienced many battles and partings during the long years of conflict, and many team members we once had are no longer with us.
:'''Ann:''' But I won't forget the times we spent together. We'll always be friends.
:'''Ann:''' That's right. Even if I am our leader, I am everyone's friend first and foremost.
:'''Ann:''' The same goes for you, Colonel Kate, Jak. Don't forget your friendship over differences in ideals and perspectives.
:'''Paimon:''' (Ann's being super mature right now, huh?)
:{{DIcon}} Bravo! (Applauds)
::'''Paimon:''' Bravo!
::'''Ann:''' Come on, stop teasing me!
:{{DIcon}} (That can't have been easy.)
:'''Ann:''' With Knight {{Traveler}} and Paimon's aid, we were finally able to obtain the Princess's treasure. Time that was once frozen will flow again, and we will rescue her.
:'''Ann:''' For that, {{Traveler}} and Paimon, I thank you. You will always be our friends. I believe that our Princess would also be glad to call you such.
:'''Ann:''' O&mdash;Okay, I'm done now...
:'''Everyone:''' Bravo!
:{{DIcon}} Bravo! (Applauds)
::'''Paimon:''' Nice! Alright. What do we do next?
:{{DIcon}} Aye, what next?
:'''Ann:''' Well now... I think it's time to unleash the treasure's power on the stagnant tower. This way, its "time" should flow once more.
:{{DIcon}} Like this?
:'''Petit Chou:''' Whoa...
:'''Al:''' My thanks, {{Traveler}}. Now...
:'''Al:''' Unfortunately, I fear that {{Rubi|none of us know what|Narzissenkreuz Adventure Team|center=1}} will happen next.
:'''Petit Chou:''' But since the Princess's tower has been unsealed, we should move as soon as we can, right?
:'''Ann:''' Right you are, Petit Chou. Let's go!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Continue onward.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the tower and fight the Tainted Hydro Phantasm)
:'''"Four Divine Kings of Narcissus" Member:''' Mwahaha! Thanks to your help, the tower seals have been broken!
:'''Petit Chou:''' It's the notorious Four Divine Kings of Narcissus! Let us help you, Al!

;(Defeat the first Tainted Hydro Phantasm)
:'''"Four Divine Kings of Narcissus" Member:''' We have the upper hand! With me!
:'''Al:''' Ann is who we follow. The Annapausis is where we shall do battle, and restore peace to the realm!

;(Defeat the second Tainted Hydro Phantasm)
:'''"Four Divine Kings of Narcissus" Member:''' The one with blond hair tires! Together now, time to take 'em down!
:'''Al & Petit Chou:''' Aaaargh!

;(After defeating the Tainted Hydro Phantasms)
:'''Paimon:''' Why do Narcissus's little minions all need so many titles?
:'''Jak:''' The more useless the person, the more hats they need.
:'''Al:''' Actually, they are mighty warriors who have caused us much harm during previous engagements. If the battle seemed easy, it was due to your great might.
:'''Ann:''' Sorry, Knight {{Traveler}}, but our attacks can do nothing against these henchmen, so it is all up to you.
:{{DIcon}} Easy-peasy.
:{{DIcon}} Bit of a close shave, I'd say.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Y'know, where is Princess Lyris? Doesn't look like there's any path ahead.
:'''Ann:''' To be honest, I didn't think this far either...
:'''Ann:''' Let's... keep going up, shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' How do we do that?
:{{DIcon}} You can fly up there, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, even if Paimon could do that... What would she do if she encountered Narcissus's minions?
:'''Paimon:''' And even if all the kingdom's treasures were up there... It would only feel like we found them if you were there, too!
:'''Al:''' Go up, you say... Ah, I understand. We do, one and all, have a certain amount of power. It is all magic given to us by the Princess, yes, but we can do some things with it.
:'''Ann:''' But if we do...
:'''Jak:''' We were all born from the same source. I don't see why you would be unable to understand and accept this. Has this not happened before?
:'''Ann:''' I know, I know all this... in theory. But I just hate these things. I don't know why, but I just do.
:'''Petit Chou:''' Don't make such a face, Ann. We were born from the same waters, and we are only this way because...
:'''Petit Chou:''' We bound ourselves into different shapes using thin films to keep the Princess company. Coming together once again for her sake is not strange at all!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. What are you all talking about?
:'''Al:''' As long as we forsake our forms and join together, we can produce greater magic. This way, we can send you to the tower's apex.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, but if you do that&mdash;
:'''Al:''' You need not worry, friend. We came from the same body of water, so giving up our forms is not the same as what you would call "death." Pure waters can turn into creatures of all sorts, and such changes do not only go one way.
:'''Petit Chou:''' Yup! Even if we cannot adventure or fight alongside you, we can still progress together!
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Ann:''' Knight {{Traveler}}, Paimon, what do you say?
:{{DIcon}} This is not our decision to make.
::{{DIcon}} Only you can decide what your adventure team will do.
::{{DIcon}} Only you can decide whether we proceed or not.
::{{DIcon}} This is your story.
:'''Paimon:''' You're right, {{Traveler}}, but...
:'''Colonel Kate:''' Give us our orders, ma'am! The tower seals have been broken, which means they can no longer hold Narcissus back. Every moment counts!
:'''Ann:''' Alright. I'm counting on you all.
:'''Colonel Kate:''' Orders received!
:'''Petit Chou:''' Leave it to us! Go with {{Traveler}} and Paimon, Ann. Make sure you save the Princess!
:'''Jak:''' Hmph. I leave Ms. Lyris in your hands.
:'''Al:''' In that case, dear Petit Chou...
:'''Al:''' Mori, Colonel Kate, and Jak...
:'''Mori:''' Okay. Bye-bye.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, it's just like what happened at Mori's fountain...
:'''Ann:''' Our power is derived from the Princess. If so resolved, we can manifest it once more...
:'''Ann:''' Ugh. Pull yourself together, Ann! Let's go, Knight {{Traveler}}, Paimon!

;(Enter the bubble)
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh*
:'''Ann:''' Water is formless. What comes from the water will surely return to it.
:'''Ann:''' Once we rescue Princess Lyris, she will be able to bring them forth again...
:;(The bubble reaches the top floor)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? It's just a portal... Where does this one lead, though?
:'''Ann:''' Hmm... I'm not sure either, to be honest. I have never considered what would happen after we entered the tower.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Oh well. In that case, let's proceed with caution.
:{{DIcon}} With more proceeding or more caution?
::'''Paimon:''' Come on! Both!
:{{DIcon}} Let's see what's on the other side.
:'''Ann:''' Yes. We should be careful. We're the only ones the Princess can rely on.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Go through the door to the unknown and keep going.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the portal)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Maybe a little warning next time?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's... kinda... dizzy. There are so many books here...
:{{DIcon}} Is this a library?
:{{DIcon}} Is this a bookstore?
::'''Paimon:''' What makes you think there'd be secret underground bookstore ruins anywhere in Fontaine?
:'''Ann:''' This place... This library has existed since long, long before we arrived.
:'''Ann:''' Their contents seem to be ancient dramas. Children love to read books, but there is much they won't understand, so they will often ask adults to read the stories to them.
:'''Ann:''' In the books, where there is an evil dragon, there must be heroes who hunt the dragon. If there is a mage, there must be a wandering knight. The Reconquista must come to pass, and the princess must be saved.
:'''Ann:''' And of course, a chime will sound, and the tale of adventure will come to a halt.
:'''Ann:''' Yet it will not end. There will be another adventure, and another, and another one after that, until the children grow up and leave this place.
:'''Paimon:''' Ann?
:'''Ann:''' Huh? I... Sorry, it felt like memories and feelings suddenly... flooded into my mind. How strange.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Well, as long as you're alright... Paimon thought you might have been bewitched by Narcissus's magic or something!
:'''Ann:''' Urk. That might actually be so!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Well, what do we do next?
:'''Ann:''' I'm not sure either...
:{{DIcon}} Whatever the case, let's have a look around.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup. First off... Huh, there's a door over there, but it looks like there's no way through it.
:{{DIcon}} You two should be able to get across.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, you're Ann's knight right now, you know. This will all be pointless if you don't come along!
:'''Ann:''' That's right!
:'''Paimon:''' This tile sticks out like a sore thumb...
:{{DIcon}} This might be some sort of path.
:{{DIcon}} This might be a trap...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know either... But let's go, all the same!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The player's dialogue choice that mentions having one's "soul weighed down by gravity" is a reference to a line spoken by {{w|Char Aznable}} in the {{w|Gundam}} series.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/KWmRi2wJPik
|caption1 = Guide: The Story of the Princess and the Adventure Team
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Story of "the Princess" and "the Adventure Team"
|zhs     = 「公主」与「冒险团」的故事
|zhs_rm  = "Gōngzhǔ" yǔ "Màoxiǎn-tuán" de Gùshì
|zht     = 「公主」與「冒險團」的故事
|zht_rm  = "Gōngzhǔ" yǔ "Màoxiǎn-tuán" de Gùshì
|zh_tl   = The Story of "the Princess" and "the Adventure Team"
|ja      = 「プリンセス」と「冒険団」の物語
|ja_rm   = "Purinsesu" to "Boukendan" no Monogatari
|ja_tl   = The Story of "the Princess" and "the Adventure Team"
|ko      = 「공주」와 「모험단」<->의 이야기
|ko_tl   = The Story of "the Princess" and "the Adventure Team"
|es      = La historia de la princesa y su Brigada de Aventuras
|es_tl   = The Story of the Princess and Her Adventure Brigade
|fr      = La princesse et l'équipe d'aventure
|fr_tl   = The Princess and the Adventure Team
|ru      = История принцессы и отряда героев
|ru_tl   = The Story of the Princess and the Team of Heroes
|th      = เรื่องราวของ "เจ้าหญิง" และ "กลุ่มนักผจญภัย"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Câu Chuyện Của Công Chúa Và Đội Mạo Hiểm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Geschichte der „Prinzessin“ und der „Abenteuertruppe“
|de_tl   = The Story of the "Princess" and the "Adventure Team"
|id      = Kisah Sang Putri dan Tim Petualang
|id_tl   = Story of The Princess and the Adventure Team
|pt      = A História da "Princesa" e a da "Equipe de Aventura"
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = "Prenses" ve "Macera Takımının" Hikayesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La storia de "la principessa e la compagnia di avventurieri"
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}