{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03008
|image         = Archon Quest C3A2 The Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = II
|act           = The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Amal; Dunyarzad; Setaria; Kimiya; Paimon; Traveler; Vihar; Lambad; Azar; Khajeh <!-- as ??? -->
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival
|next          = The Continuation of the Sabzeruz Festival
|exp           = 575
|mora          = 22,775
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}} {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival|chapter=3|act=2|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Talk to Paimon
# Go to the appointed place and talk to [[Dunyarzad]]
# Follow Dunyarzad
# Talk to Dunyarzad
# Follow Dunyarzad
# Talk to Dunyarzad
# Go to [[Lambad's Tavern]]
# Leave Lambad's Tavern
# Talk to Paimon

==Gameplay Notes==
* The [[time]] cannot be changed while in Sumeru City during the quest.
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during the quest.

==Achievements==
* After visiting Farris' stall, the player will be granted the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[The Flavor of Déjà Vu]]''.
* After eating the Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake, the player will be granted the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Even Paimon Wouldn't Eat That!]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As agreed, you go to the festival with Dunyarzad and others... Wait... This feels somewhat familiar...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo xmaq009 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn* Oh! We're gonna be late. It's all because you wouldn't get out of bed!
:{{A|vo xmaq009 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should go meet Dunyarzad right away!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good morning, Dunyarzad! Sorry we're late, hehe.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 2 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Not at all. I arrived early.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... You seem kinda tired... Did you not get enough sleep?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 2 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I'm doing well. There's no need to worry. Shall we go? Let's start with the stalls over there.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure... Uh? Traveler, why are you just standing there? Let's get going!

;(Following Dunyarzad)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, they're selling food over that way! Let's go take a look!

;(Approach Amal's stall)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' This is a stall offering foods from the Haft-Mewa Feast.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 amal 01.ogg}} '''Amal:''' You are quite well-informed, Miss! I thought most people nowadays wouldn't know.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're all plants... Aw, Paimon's a little disappointed...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, what is the "Haft-Mewa Feast" you mentioned just now?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It's one of the Sabzeruz Festival's traditions. People used to set their tables with seven different foods to symbolize the seven virtues of the Dendro Archon.
:{{DIcon}} Wait... Starting from just now...
:{{DIcon}} Something feels really familiar...
:{{color|menu|Everything is so familiar that you feel at a loss...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 kimiya 01.ogg}} '''Kimiya:''' ...The remnants appear to be in the form of the Moon.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon thought it looked like some kind of food.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 kimiya 02.ogg}} '''Kimiya:''' Hmm... The Moon signifies... Hmm... It's escaping me for now. Wait a moment...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is he really looking it up in a book?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 kimiya 03.ogg}} '''Kimiya:''' Oh, right, it means illusions and lies.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 kimiya 04.ogg}} '''Kimiya:''' But if you trust your intuition and overcome your fears, the sun will surely rise.
:{{DIcon}} I feel like I've heard this before...
:{{DIcon}} Is this déjà vu?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Understood. I'll keep that in mind.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 kimiya 05.ogg}} '''Kimiya:''' Oh, it's nothing. I'm just learning as I go, haha... ha...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess that was still pretty interesting. Okay, on to the next stall.

;(Speak to Amal again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq009 amal 01.ogg}} '''Amal:''' I picked all of these from the forest yesterday, so their freshness is guaranteed!

;(Speak to Kimiya again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq009 kimiya 01.ogg}} '''Kimiya:''' This is divine wisdom.

;(Continue following Dunyarzad)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... where to next?

;(Approach Vihar's stall)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 children 01.ogg}} '''Children:''' Farris! Farris!
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 01.ogg}} '''Vihar:''' Alright soldiers, now that you have your Yalda Candies, don't forget your loyalty to Lesser Lord Kusanali. Dismissed!
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 children 02.ogg}} '''Children:''' Yes, Knight Farris!
;(Two of the three children leave)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on? Is this a play?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Farris, the Knight of Flowers, is another Sabzeruz Festival icon, and one immensely popular with children.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 02.ogg}} '''Vihar:''' Haha, it's all thanks to Miss Dunyarzad's sponsorship that the children can meet the Knight of Flowers.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 03.ogg}} '''Vihar:''' Oh, do you want some Yalda Candies? I happen to have some boxes readied here. Take a look and pick whichever one you want.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, what's to pick? Don't these boxes all look the same?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 04.ogg}} '''Vihar:''' Haha, it's not that simple. Each box contains a random flavor &mdash; it's up to the luck of the draw. Flavors include [[Lavender Melon]], [[Harra Fruit]], [[Sunsettia]]...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, how interesting!
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 05.ogg}} '''Vihar:''' ...And there's also [[Lizard Tail]] and [[Onikabuto]].
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh! Why do those flavors even exist!?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Traveler, help Paimon pick one. Paimon wants to eat the Sunsettia flavor!
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 06.ogg}} '''Vihar:''' Great. These boxes of candy are numbered one to five from left to right. Which one do you want?

;(Select a choice)<!--wtf is this branching-->
:{{DIcon}} Number one.
::{{DIcon}} It's definitely number one.
:::{{color|menu|But your body subconsciously reaches for number four.}}
::;(Continue to next section)
::{{DIcon}} Let me give it a little thought...
::;(Return to choice selection)
:{{DIcon}} Number two.
::{{DIcon}} It's definitely number two.
:::{{color|menu|But your body subconsciously reaches for number four.}}
::;(Continue to next section)
::{{DIcon}} Let me give it a little thought...
::;(Return to choice selection)
:{{DIcon}} Number three.
::{{DIcon}} It's definitely number three.
:::{{color|menu|But your body subconsciously reaches for number four.}}
::;(Continue to next section)
::{{DIcon}} Let me give it a little thought...
::;(Return to choice selection)
:{{DIcon}} Number four.
::{{DIcon}} It's definitely number four.
::;(Continue to next section)
::{{DIcon}} Let me give it a little thought...
::;(Return to choice selection)
:{{DIcon}} Number five.
::{{DIcon}} It's definitely number five.
:::{{color|menu|But your body subconsciously reaches for number four.}}
::;(Continue to next section)
::{{DIcon}} Let me give it a little thought...
::;(Return to choice selection)

;(Regardless of which option was chosen)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 07d.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xmaq009 4 vihar 08.ogg}}--> '''Vihar:''' Ah, excellently chosen! Number four is indeed Sunsettia.
:;(If box number four was chosen)
:::{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 07d.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha, Paimon bet you had incredible luck, and Paimon was right!
:::{{DIcon}} That just now... I don't think that was luck.
:::{{DIcon}} I don't know why, but I knew it must have been number four.
:::{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 07d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How's that possible? It's obviously random...
:;(If any other box was chosen)
:::{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha, Paimon bet you had incredible luck, and Paimon was right!
:::{{DIcon}} Just now... Did I really mean to choose number four?
:::{{DIcon}} It felt like... my body just subconsciously reached for it?
:::{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Are you saying that you instinctively chose the right box?
:::{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, but now that you mention it... Paimon also had the feeling you'd choose the right one... Is that kinda like what you felt?
:{{DIcon}} Why do I keep having this sense of déjà vu...?
:{{DIcon}} What a strange feeling...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we didn't sleep very well last night, or maybe we slept too much.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, Dunyarzad, but I need to leave for a moment.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Oh, sure.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Where are you going? You're just gonna walk off like that?

;(Speak to Vihar again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq009 vihar 01.ogg}} '''Vihar:''' Atten-tion! Any more requests, young soldiers?

----
;(Enter the tavern)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A feeling of... déjà vu?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knows what that is! It's when you feel like you've already experienced whatever is going on...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, Paimon also felt something like that today... But that's just our brains playing tricks on us, isn't it?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, why'd you run here in such a hurry?
:{{DIcon}} I want to do something I normally never would.
:{{DIcon}} I want to see if I can get rid of this déjà vu.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's it! You're intentionally doing things you usually wouldn't, and seeing if you still get that same feeling of déjà vu...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 lambad 01.ogg}} '''Lambad:''' Welcome, you two! Are you here for lunch? What would you like to eat?
:{{DIcon}} One [[Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake]], please.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 lambad 02.ogg}} '''Lambad:''' Got it. You don't look like you're from these parts, but I gotta say, you've got good taste. I'll give this order to the kitchen.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake! Isn't it that... that burned thing that didn't look tasty at all?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Paimon understands what you're trying to do now... You'd never normally order something like this...
:{{color|menu|After some time, the Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake is served...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That... thing... Are you really gonna eat it?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't this... going a bit too far...
:{{DIcon}} Here goes!
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' H&mdash;How was it? The look on your face is telling Paimon that it tasted awful...
:{{DIcon}} No... It actually tasted really good.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, you mean...
:{{DIcon}} This flavor...
:{{DIcon}} I've definitely eaten this before.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's impossible! We were just talking about how gross it looked...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...So would this be a case of taste bud déjà vu?
:{{DIcon}} I couldn't get rid of it after all.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like I tried this before.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon also gets the impression that we've been here many times, even though we aren't regulars.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... How about... we go out again and try something else.

;(Leave the tavern)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Dunyarzad is sitting by herself on that bench over there...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a coincidence, Dunyarzad! We meet again! Uh, why are you sitting here all by yourself?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Oh, I ran into some kidnappers just now, but thankfully, Dehya came to my rescue. I started to feel unwell after that, so I sat down here.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kidnappers? Oh my goodness! Are you hurt?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I'm okay. Dehya's arm got scratched, but it isn't serious.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... That's a big relief. But Dunyarzad, you seem a little down today... It's the Sabzeruz Festival, and you've been looking forward to it so much.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Not at all. I've always been like this. Excessive physical exertion or strong emotions tend to aggravate my illness.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Besides, no matter how amazing today may be, it is but a single day. After however many more days, my time will come to an end.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't quite follow you, and Paimon feels like something's really got you down right now....
:{{DIcon}} I'm so sorry for leaving you behind earlier.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 05.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It really is fine. I don't mind.
:{{DIcon}} I just experienced a number of strange events...
:{{DIcon}} Have you noticed anything out of the ordinary?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 06.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Huh? Did something happen?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dunyarzad... have you ever felt déjà vu? You know... Like when you've already experienced something that's happening right now?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 07.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Déjà vu? No, but my days have been the same for years now. Even if I were feeling déjà vu, I suppose I would already be used to it.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon sees... Then, is it only the two of us...?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 08.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It's almost time.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Time for what?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 6 dunyarzad 09.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' [[Nilou]]'s Dance of Sabzeruz is about to begin. Let's go.
;(A scene transition occurs)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 azar 01.ogg}} '''Azar:''' ...With your lack of intellectual credentials, I do not believe you are qualified to debate with me. What you should be doing is finding workers to tear down this ridiculous eyesore.
;(Azar and Setaria begin walking away)
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 azar 02.ogg}} '''Azar:''' When we return, have the [[Alhaitham|Scribe]] draft an ordinance before the next [[Jnagarbha Day]] that prohibits public art performances. We will to the public announce it later via the [[Akasha]].
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 setare 01.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Understood. I will inform him when I return.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 azar 03.ogg}} '''Azar:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 azar 04.ogg}} '''Azar:''' The Sabzeruz Festival... Go celebrate the birth of that god to your heart's content.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nilou, are you okay?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Oh, Dunyarzad, the Grand Sage ordered us to stop the performance...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It's okay. There's nothing we can do about it.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But you've been really looking forward to this. I don't want you to have any regrets...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It truly is unfortunate, but I don't wanna cause trouble for anyone. Didn't the Grand Sage say that he might investigate the organizers?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' True, but... *sigh* Well, okay, we'll just have to try again next year, hehe...
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' The next festival... I probably won't be around by then.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Wait... What did you just say?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' No, nothing. I'll be heading back to rest. Thank you for your help, everyone.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe what those heartless geezers did!
:{{DIcon}} It's a real shame.
:{{DIcon}} For some reason, I felt like this outcome was inevitable.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did Dunyarzad already go back? We should also return and get some sleep.

:'''The Sabzeruz Festival was forced to come to an unfortunately abrupt end...'''

:{{A|vo xmaq009 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So in the end, you still couldn't figure out what that déjà vu feeling was all about?
:{{A|vo xmaq009 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Maybe it really was because of exhaustion...
:{{DIcon}} I'm feeling pretty groggy...
:{{DIcon}} I hadn't thought about it, but my head does feel very heavy.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Same here! That's why Paimon stopped thinking about it halfway through the day.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then how about we settle in and get a good night's sleep. For now, we can chalk things up to exhaustion... We can do more thinking tomorrow!
:{{color|menu|A plan has been set in motion somewhere unknown to you...}}
:{{A|Akasha Terminal Beep.ogg}} '''???:''' *beep*
:{{A|vo xmaq009 8 khajeh 01.ogg}} '''[[Khajeh|???]]:''' ...Observing a modest drop in the output of Jnana Energy, but values still remain within normal parameters.
:{{A|vo xmaq009 8 azar 01.ogg}} '''[[Azar|???]]:''' Continue to monitor for variances in the data, and find the cause as soon as possible.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Attempting to leave Sumeru City===
{{Transclude|The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival|Attempting to leave Sumeru City}}

==Trivia==
* Dehya's character model changes after her fight with the Eremite mercenaries to show a bandage wrapped around her left arm due to an injury she sustained. This is one of the few instances a character model changes in-game.
* As soon as the quest begins, two pots of [[Padisarah]]s of a different shade of purple can be found on the stage of the Grand Bazaar. These Padisarahs are present in every quest in this act except for ''[[The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival]]'' and ''[[Dawn (Quest)|Dawn]]'', and [[The End of the Sabzeruz Festival|the Traveler eventually figures out the significance of these Padisarahs]].
{{Transclude|The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings|steins;gate reference|section=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival
|zhs     = 已然来临的花神诞祭
|zhs_rm  = Yǐrán Láilín de Huāshéndànjì
|zht     = 已然來臨的花神誕祭
|zht_rm  = Yǐrán Láilín de Huāshéndànjì
|zh_tl   = The Already Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ja      = すでに訪れし花神誕祭
|ja_rm   = Sude ni Otozureshi Kashin Tansai
|ja_tl   = Flower God's Birthday Festival that Already Came
|ko      = 마침내 시작된 화신 탄신 축제
|ko_rm   = Machimnae Sijakdoen Hwasin Tansin Chukje
|ko_tl   = Flower God's Birthday Festival Which Finally Started
|es      = {{MC|m=Listos|f=Listas}} para el Festival Sabzeruz
|es_tl   = Ready for the Sabzeruz Festival
|fr      = L'arrivée du Festival Sabzeruz
|fr_tl   = The Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ru      = Наступивший Сабзеруз
|ru_tl   = The Arriving Sabzeruz
|th      = เทศกาล Sabzeruz ที่มาถึง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lễ Hội Sabzeruz Đã Đến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das gekommene Sabzeruz-Fest
|de_tl   = The Arrived Sabzeruz Festival
|id      = Kedatangan Festival Sabzeruz
|id_tl   = Arrival of Sabzeruz Festival
|pt      = A Chegada do Festival Sabzeruz
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sabzeruz Festivalinin Gelişi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'arrivo del Festival del Sabzeruz
|it_tl   = The Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 3]]

[[es:Listos para el Festival Sabzeruz]]