{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item The Grand Jape of the Turning of Fate.png
|set   = Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A timepiece made in imitation of the wheel of fate. It ceased turning long ago.}}
'''The Grand Jape of the Turning of Fate''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy]].

==Description==
It was the age when Grand Symphony had yet to be played, and the golden fleet had yet to set sail.<br><!--
-->To discover how the curse might be broken, the glorious [[Remus|king]] set out the find the [[Primordial Sea|sourcewater]].<br><!--
-->Blood and hatred pervaded beneath the High Sea, for that was the kingdom where the [[Vishap|Dragonborn]] dwelled.<br><!--
-->The [[Scylla|prince of vishaps]] who once served the [[Hydro Dragon|spirit of the ancient sea]] now guarded the prison of the [[Egeria|Mistress of Many Waters]].<br><br><!--
-->It was as if a war from the dawn of time reignited, and the resulting battle boiled the seas for thirty days and thirty nights.<br><!--
-->It was only when exhaustion bought respite that the God King used music to voice his purpose.<br><!--
-->Unexpectedly, the vishap-prince roared with laughter upon hearing this arrogative delusion:<br><br><!--
-->"Usurper-lord of mortals, you fear the senseless curse, and excoriate the chains of fate, but know not that my kind has suffered agony a hundred times yet greater."<br><!--
-->"We have lost our soil and sunlight, and we now may only exist in the lightless abyssal depths."<br><!--
-->"Usurper-lord of mortals, surely you know that fate is the rite of the high heavens, and cannot be changed even in the slightest. To have this thought is tantamount to revolt against that authority."<br><!--
-->"But if you truly wish to plot such folly, then I shall take you to see the Mistress of Many Waters."<br><br><!--
-->And so, in the deepest depths of the waters, the abode of eternal night, from the merciful Mistress of All Waters,<br><!--
-->The glorious ruler learned every terrifying secret &mdash; yet he found no answer leading to salvation.<br><!--
-->The Mistress of Waters had once committed an unforgivable sin, and the [[Prophecy of Fontaine|resulting curse]] was also irrevocable.<br><!--
-->In the end, this king who still harbored ambition and hope decided to take a cup of the purest water before leaving.<br><br><!--
-->"If the waves shall devour my subjects, then I shall seal their souls in an Ichor that is utterly insoluble in all waters."<br><!--
-->"If time shall rot my realm, then I shall forge imperishable bodies of bronze and stone for them."<br><br><!--
-->When the mighty sea breeze blows over the golden kingdom, will the wheel of fate turn with it? None know...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Grand Jape of the Turning of Fate
|zhs      = 命途轮转的谐谑
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 命途輪轉的諧謔
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 運命と輪廻の諧謔
|ja_rm    = Unmei to Rinne no Kaigyaku
|ja_tl    = A Jest of Fate and Samsara
|ko       = 구르는 운명의 해학곡
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Gran Burla del Giro del Destino
|es_tl    = Great Joke at the Turning of Fate
|fr       = Farce des changements du destin
|fr_tl    = Prank of the Changes of Fate
|ru       = Скерцо поворотов судьбы
|ru_tl    = {{w|Scherzo}} of the Turnings of Fate
|th       = The Grand Jape of the Turning of Fate
|vi       = Trêu Ngươi Của Vận Mệnh
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Rätsel der Wendung des Schicksals
|de_tl    = Mystery of the Twist of Fate
|id       = The Grand Jape of the Turning of Fate
|pt       = A Grande Farsa da Volta do Destino
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kader Döngüsünün Büyük Oyunu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Grande scherzo del destino
|it_tl    = Great Joke of the Destiny
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy}}

[[fr:Farce des changements du destin]]
[[ja:運命と輪廻の諧謔]]
[[tr:Kader Döngüsünün Büyük Oyunu]]
[[vi:Trêu Ngươi Của Vận Mệnh]]
[[zh:命途輪轉的諧謔]]