{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19158
|image         = Hangout Event The Helper.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = A Change of Pace
|next          = Thesis Defense Practice
|next2         = The Remaining Problem
|characters    = Azzam; Katheryne (Sumeru); Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Helper''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Ask Katheryne for help
# Chat with the astrology enthusiast
#*If [[Layla]] gets nervous to answer [[Azzam]]'s questions, ... 
#**Encourage her, and proceed to [[Thesis Defense Practice]]
#** Warn her not to mess with his questions. This step will cause Layla's consciousness to be fully-awakened (since her Stress Value is maxed out), and leads the player to [[The Remaining Problem]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Layla will have to face the problems with her thesis, and perhaps a little push is all that she needs.}}

===The Helper===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild. How can I help you today?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'd like to... Uh, I have a commission... Hmm, it's kinda strange. How should I put this...
:{{DIcon}} We would like to borrow a high-precision celestial globe.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' R&mdash;Right! Equipment at the Akademiya is in very high demand, and we aren't able to borrow one now. We were hoping someone else might have something similar that we could use...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I don't know anything about astrology, so I'm afraid I'm unfamiliar with the device you are looking for.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' However, one of our requesters happens to be an astrology enthusiast. I hear that he's a collector of all sorts of specialized astrology equipment.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' After the Adventurers' Guild helped him out, he indicated that he'd be happy to return the favor if the adventurers ever need it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Perhaps we could arrange a meeting between you two, that should help solve your problem.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' R&mdash;Really!?
:{{DIcon}} Thank you so much.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' You're welcome. It's my job to provide adventurers with the necessary support.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915801 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The man's name is Azzam. Here is his address. You can go ahead and pay him a visit.
;(Continue to [[#Remedial Measures|Remedial Measures]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Remedial Measures===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Azzam, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 28.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' (I wonder if I'll be able to go out and look at the stars tonight...)

:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' H&mdash;Hello, are you Azzam?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 01.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Yes, I am. How may I help you?
:{{Black Screen|You explain to Azzam the purpose of your visit.}}
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 02.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Ah, I see. Well, if it's a request from an adventurer, then I'll be happy to help you. I just so happen to have the device that you're looking for. Let me fetch it and show you, just to be sure.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yes, this is it! Thank you so much!
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ah sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you... I just got a little excited. Uh, please, go ahead.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 03.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' To be honest, judging by what stands before me, I find it very hard to believe that you're an astute Rtawahist student.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Uh, w&mdash;well...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 04.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Astrology is a hobby of mine and these devices have cost me both time and Mora to collect. I cherish them as if they were members of my own family.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 05.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Which is why I don't let just anyone borrow them on a whim. These devices are delicate and can easily be damaged if used inappropriately.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, th&mdash;that's completely understandable. What can I do to better gain your trust?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 06.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' How about this &mdash; I don't need a deposit or anything, but I'd like you to share the contents of your research with me. I'll ask you some questions.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 07.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' If your explanation proves satisfactory, then I'll lend you the device.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sh&mdash;Share the contents of my research... and answer questions? Uh oh...

:{{Hangout Branch|This should be a piece of cake for you.|Thesis Defense Practice}}
::;(Stress Value +1)
:{{Hangout Branch|Don't be nervous. Just explain what you've learned.|Thesis Defense Practice}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright, I'll try. But I can't disclose the actual details to you... How about a general overview of the research, would that suffice?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 08.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Yes, that would be fine.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You're probably aware that astrologists rely on the movements of celestial bodies to calculate the past and the future, as well as attempt to summarize the correlating principles, correct?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 09.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Mhm, of course. This is the basic principle of astrology.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ahem... My current research is about a certain phenomenon called "Astral Shift."
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 10.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Interesting. That's not a topic any ordinary person would be familiar with. I have a basic understanding of the concept, but I'd like to hear you explain it.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' O&mdash;Okay. Well, in short, it means that the results derived from astrology are prone to change...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' As time continues to flow, the stars change and everything else becomes affected by this change. However, what's actually driving the change is what's worth investigating.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 11.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' I think that it might just be another law of nature.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If the changes follow a certain pattern or routine, then it could be explained as some law. But, the changes are manifold, even when considering just a single star.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The changes could be resulting from a simple single-orbit shift, or it could be a more complex double-orbit or even a triple or quadruple-orbit shift. These phenomena have a dramatic effect on astrological conclusions.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' What I'm working on now is the research and prediction of the triple-orbit shift phenomenon.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 12.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Triple-orbit? By yourself?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Uh, yes. That's right...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 13.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' You do know that adding an extra star to the equation increases the computational workload by more than tenfold, right...?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It does get a little complicated... But it's still manageable with the use of a few self-invented techniques and a large number of starlogs and star charts...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Which leads us to why I'm in need of a high-precision celestial globe.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 14.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 15.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Amazing. I suppose I should never have judged a book by its cover. I thought you were just trying to halfheartedly deal with some school assignment.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Do I really look like that sort of person...?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 16.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Haha, don't worry, I'm just joking. I was a little cautious at first, but now I trust you completely.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 17.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' It would make me extremely happy if my collection could assist a researcher in achieving tangible results.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 18.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Just make sure you return it to me once you're done.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, thank you so much. I really needed this.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Whew, good thing Azzam was willing to hear me out...
::{{DIcon}} I didn't really understand what you were talking about, but I thought you did great.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Really? I was just explaining what it is I'm trying to do.
::{{DIcon}} You're starting to show signs of becoming a great researcher.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Really? Hehe, I don't know if you really mean it, but I'm happy to hear that.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I guess even the hardest problems can be solved as long as I'm willing to try...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Recording and comparing data will be much easier now that we have this device. I can do it all on my own, too.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 25.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's continue with the plan. Can you help me with a rehearsal of my thesis defense? We can do that at the House of Daena.

:;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Azzam, optional)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 29.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' (There's nothing to worry about... right?)

:;(Talk to Azzam again)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 27.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' You're quite welcome. It makes me happy to see my equipment being used to its potential.

:;(Proceed to [[Thesis Defense Practice]])

:{{Hangout Branch|If you mess this up, you won't be able to gain his trust.|The Remaining Problem}}
:;(Stress Value +1)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 26.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Uh... Y&mdash;You're starting to make me feel nervous...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 27.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm sorry... I feel a little dizzy. Ugh... I...
::{{DIcon}} Are you okay!?
:;(Stress Value +1)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 28.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ugh... Hm?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 29.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm okay, my mind just decided to stray elsewhere for a moment. Give me a second to gather myself... Oh, is this the celestial globe that I needed to borrow?
::{{DIcon}} (Why is she asking?)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 19.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Correct. I was about to test you with a few questions, but you suddenly started looking very uncomfortable.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 30.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, don't worry about it. I don't sleep very well, so I tend to get a little dizzy from time to time. I'm fine now.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 20.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' (Hmm? She seems a little different all of a sudden...)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 21.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Oh, *ahem* I see. Well then, can you briefly summarize your area of research for me?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 31.ogg}} '''Layla:''' With pleasure. I'll give you a general overview. *ahem* You're probably aware that astrologists rely on the movements of the celestial bodies to calculate the past and the future.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 32.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Due to the difficulty of designing an experiment and the challenges of validating theories about the past, astrological research is usually based on an immense foundation of experience.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 33.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And therein lies the largest complexity. Derived and validated conclusions may vary due to subtle changes caused by the flow of time and shifts in the stars.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 22.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' I've heard about this before. I believe it's known as Astral Shift.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 34.ogg}} '''Layla:''' One of the most classic challenges is to use three stars with shifting orbits to predict the overall changes that may have occurred.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 23.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Ah, are you referring to the triple-orbit problem? Yes, that really is a classic problem, and a very difficult one to tackle...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 35.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I came up with a set of prediction methods that encompass more than half of the triple-orbit problems. However, there are quite a few limitations and requirements.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 36.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This set of methods is already being put into practice at the Rtawahist Darshan by my adviser, drastically simplifying the difficulty of calculations involved in the triple-orbit problem.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 24.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' Yes, I've heard about that! The announcement made big waves in the astrology enthusiast community. So, you were the one who came up with that...?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 37.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hehe, you mustn't judge a book by its cover, you know.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 38.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The thesis I'm working on this time aims to address the remaining triple-orbit problems, as well as eliminate a portion of the methodology's limitations, which will make it easier to use.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 25.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' I see... In that case, perhaps there is no one more fitting to operate this device than you.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 26.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' I just keep it as part of a collection. I can't use it to its full potential like you can.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 39.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thank you for understanding. I'll return it in perfect working order once I'm finished with it.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 40.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, we should be going now.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 41.ogg}} '''Layla:''' What did we plan to do after this...? I kinda forgot.
::{{DIcon}} You aren't Layla, are you?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 42.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? What makes you say that? Is there something off about me?
::{{DIcon}} Your personality changed.
::{{DIcon}} The real Layla wouldn't forget what to do next.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 43.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* Fine, looks like I can't keep the act up any longer. I even tried to look a little panicky to emulate her behavior.
::{{DIcon}} You're the "blessing from the stars," aren't you?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 44.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hehe, I suppose that is what she's been calling me.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 45.ogg}} '''Layla:''' With her long-term sleep deprivation, whenever her anxiety peaks, she loses consciousness and I take over.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 46.ogg}} '''Layla:''' However, her unpredictable and variable sleep patterns are completely out of my control, so I have to make every second count.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 47.ogg}} '''Layla:''' There's no one willing to help her here, so I have to step in.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 48.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I am rather curious about you, though. Why are you trying to help her?
::{{DIcon}} Well, she's finally decided to face the problems with her thesis head-on, and she's working very hard on it.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 49.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Really? That's great. You're helping with all the things that I used to do for her.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 50.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Seems like you've given her a boost of confidence with your encouragement.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 51.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's only steps away from the finish line... She's already made a lot of progress, so there's no need to push too hard now.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 52.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Anyway, what's the plan from here?
::{{DIcon}} She said that she wanted to practice for her thesis defense...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 53.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I see. Well, it wouldn't be of any help if I practiced for her, but I'll leave some notes that should come in handy.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 layla 54.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Come on, let's go back to the House of Daena to make preparations. You'll have to tell her later when she wakes up.

:;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Azzam, optional)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 30.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' (There's probably nothing to worry about.)

:;(Talk to Azzam again)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915802 azzam 27.ogg}} '''Azzam:''' You're quite welcome. It makes me happy to see my equipment being used to its potential.

:;(Proceed to [[The Remaining Problem]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Helper
|zhs     = 帮手
|zhs_rm  = Bāngshǒu
|zht     = 幫手
|zht_rm  = Bāngshǒu
|zh_tl   = The Helper
|ja      = 助っ人
|ja_rm   = Suketto
|ja_tl   = The Helper
|ko      = 도움의 손길
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El ayudante de Laila
|es_tl   = Layla's Helper
|fr      = Petit coup de pouce
|fr_tl   = A Bit of a Helping Hand
|ru      = Рука помощи
|ru_tl   = The Helping Hand
|th      = ผู้ช่วย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trợ Thủ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die helfende Hand
|de_tl   = The Helping Hand
|id      = Sang Penolong
|id_tl   = The Helper
|pt      = Ajudante
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yardımcı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'aiutante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}