{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19151
|image         = Hangout Event The Wisdom Seelie.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Drowsy Evening Star
|next          = Further Investigation
|next2         = Taking the Opposite Route
|characters    = Layla; Rabah; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Wisdom Seelie''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Ask Rabah about the legend
# Head over to the bookshelf Rabah mentioned

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Layla mentioned that the Wisdom Seelie could help with her thesis. You feel a little skeptical, but still decide to check it out with her.}}

===The Wisdom Seelie===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Rabah, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 09.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' (She probably won't hear back in time.)

;(Ask Rabah about the legend)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Excuse me, have you ever heard of the Wisdom Seelie?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 01.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' Heh, you've come to the right person.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 02.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' I came across this legend not too long ago myself. After hearing about it, I decided to test it out and asked it a question about the brightness of the stars.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 03.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' Two days later, I got a response. It included two pages of detailed and accurate information. It saved me from having to look up a ton of resources.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 04.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' Yeah, so I submitted another question a few days ago. I still haven't received a reply, though.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That sounds like what others have said. But I don't have the time to wait for a reply if the Seelie doesn't answer right away...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ahh, whatever. Can you please tell me how to submit a question to the Wisdom Seelie?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 05.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' It's quite simple. Go to the bookshelf over there and find either "Theoretical Astrology" or "A Quick Reference Guide to Astrology Cases."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, I know where those are... My Darshan has us use those two books quite often.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 06.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' Okay, so write your question in a letter addressed to the Wisdom Seelie, and then insert the letter into one of the books.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 07.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' Come back in a day or two, and if you see a red stamp on your letter, that means the Wisdom Seelie has replied.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 08.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' However, if the stamp never appears, then that means the Seelie doesn't want to answer your question.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I see. Thank you so much.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm gonna go write down my question. Hopefully the Seelie replies...

;(Talk to Rabah again)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915101 rabah 10.ogg}} '''Rabah:''' There's no harm in trying. Now let's see if it's in the mood to answer your question.

;(Continue to [[#Dislocated Dialogue|Dislocated Dialogue]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dislocated Dialogue===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Head over to the bookshelf Rabah mentioned)
:{{Black Screen|Layla places her letter in the designated book.}}
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Whew, finally... I wrote out my question and put it in the book.
:{{DIcon}} What do we do now?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Wait, I guess. Let's give it some time.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'll come back tomorrow to check on it. Don't worry about me if you have other things to do.
:{{DIcon}} I'll come with you. I'm a little worried.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I see... Thanks, I appreciate it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright then, let's meet up here tomorrow. I really hope the Seelie replies.
:{{Black Screen|The next day, you and Layla return to the same bookshelf.}}
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Time to look at the letter. Please let there be a stamp, please let there be a stamp...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ah, there's a red stamp on it! The Seelie responded! Fantastic!
:{{DIcon}} You look better already.
:{{DIcon}} Your eyes are sparkling.
;(Stress Value &minus;1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This is wonderful. My troubles are at an end! I can't even begin to express how grateful I am.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's take a look at what it wrote...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "Thank you for your letter. Though I have extended a response, I cannot answer your query due to your questionable motives."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Questionable motives? ...Me? W&mdash;Wait, huh?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, let's see... "Completing a thesis requires independent thought and work. You planned on using my knowledge to complete your paper's most critical portions. That's not right."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "However, considering that your deadline is fast approaching, and that there is substance to the content in the completed sections of your thesis, I've decided to help you nonetheless."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "Follow the hints I've left, and you will find the answer to your question."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "Consider the effort you put into thinking and searching as your payment for my knowledge."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' What the...
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's absolutely right about everything... I'm starting to feel guilty now, I can't deny any of it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But I'm running out of time... Oh, what should I do...?
:{{Hangout Branch|I'll search for the answer with you.|Further Investigation}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? Uh...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I could tell you're a very kind person, but I never expected that you'd go this far to help me...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'll definitely think of a way to make it up to you once I take care of my thesis.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it.
::{{DIcon}} Just another day in the life of an adventurer.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, let's start by looking at the hint it left us. It should be on the second page.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "The first clue lies hidden on the road of wisdom. The headstrong child finally sees the world for how big it truly is, filled with awe, yet struck with fear."
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's it? Not even a picture or any other marking to go off of... This is pretty abstract.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 25.ogg}} '''Layla:''' What's this road of wisdom, and who's the child?
::{{DIcon}} "Wisdom" is probably referring to the Akademiya?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 26.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, possibly. That sounds like a natural conclusion. So, is the road of wisdom the road that leads to the Akademiya then?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 27.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Wait, I think I get what it means by the "child" and "awe and fear"...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 28.ogg}} '''Layla:''' When I first left home, it took me days to reach Sumeru City. I was completely shocked when I first saw it with my own eyes.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 29.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It was so grand and awe-inspiring... Pictures of the city simply don't do it any justice.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 30.ogg}} '''Layla:''' After seeing the city, a thought popped into my head: "Am I really worthy of this place?"
::{{DIcon}} And that's the "fear"?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 31.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Worry, fear, or whatever you want to call it. Hmm, if I'm connecting the dots correctly, then I think I know where the Seelie is leading us.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 32.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But, how does it know my feelings so well?
::{{DIcon}} Maybe it wasn't referring to you specifically.
::{{DIcon}} People who come to Sumeru City from elsewhere might often have similar feelings.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 33.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You have a point. There's nothing special about my background or experiences. It could be anyone's...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 34.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Anyway, let's go take a look!
::;(Proceed to ''[[Further Investigation]]'')
:{{Hangout Branch|It might be messing with you.|Taking the Opposite Route}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 35.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, good point. Why else would it use such a roundabout way to tell me its answer?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 36.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Supposedly, everyone who's been pranked by the Seelie had angered it in some way...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 37.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That means the Seelie is someone who's very strict and serious about knowledge... but who knows if it's really a Seelie or some person.
::{{DIcon}} The main issue is that you have a deadline to meet.
::{{DIcon}} There's no guarantee that you'll actually get an answer, even after doing what it says.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 38.ogg}} '''Layla:''' True... And if I don't get an answer, then I'll only have wasted more time.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 39.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* But there's nothing else we can do. It's the one holding all the cards... It's completely hidden and can choose whether to help us or not.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 40.ogg}} '''Layla:''' After all, it'd probably be impossible to find it and ask my question in person...
::{{DIcon}} Now that sounds like an idea.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 41.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? I was just kidding... Please don't take me seriously.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 42.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's a Seelie we're talking about. According to legend, Seelies are elusive and can create countless copies of themselves... Who's to say that it won't summon a shooting star to crush us once we find it?
::{{DIcon}} You don't actually believe in those legends, do you...?
::{{DIcon}} Think about what you just said for a moment.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 43.ogg}} '''Layla:''' S&mdash;Sorry... I'm just a little panicky...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 44.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, Layla, calm down and think... If the Seelie is a person, then there has to be a way to track them down.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 45.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We have two possible leads right now. The first is the checkout logs of those two books, and the other is the red stamp.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 46.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The red stamp bears the Rtawahist emblem, which is used by a lot of people. It'll be hard to track down an individual, so we should probably start with the checkout logs.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915103 layla 47.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's go and make an inquiry. We can also ask around the House of Daena and see if anyone else knows something about the Wisdom Seelie.
::;(Proceed to ''[[Taking the Opposite Route]]'')
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Wisdom Seelie
|zhs      = 「知慧仙灵」
|zhs_rm   = "Zhīhuì Xiānlíng"
|zht      = 「知慧仙靈」
|zht_rm   = "Zhīhuì Xiānlíng"
|zh_tl    = "Wisdom Seelie"
|ja       = 「知恵の仙霊」
|ja_rm    = "Chie no Senrei"
|ja_tl    = "Wisdom Seelie"
|ko       = 「지혜의 선령」
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El Seelie de la Sabiduría
|es_tl    = The Seelie of Wisdom
|fr       = La Fée de la sagesse
|fr_tl    = The {{Lex|Seelie|fr}} of Wisdom
|ru       = Фея мудрости
|ru_tl    = The Wisdom {{Lex|Seelie|ru}}
|th       = "Seelie เจ้าปัญญา"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Tiên Linh Trí Tuệ"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Weisheits-Seelie“
|de_tl    = "Wisdom Seelie"
|id       = Wisdom Seelie
|pt       = A Seelie da Sabedoria
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bilgelik Perisi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il Seelie della Saggezza
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}