{{Quest Infobox
|title         = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|id            = 40064
|image         = Event Quest The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|actNum        = I
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 32
* Complete [[Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves]]
* Complete [[Beyond This World's Stars]]
|characters    = Katheryne (Mondstadt); Paimon; Traveler; Fischl; Oz; Mona; Venti; Xinyan; Kaedehara Kazuha; Persikov; Nelson; Quinn
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|next          = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event and the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the Adventurers' Guild in Mondstadt
# Meet [[Fischl]] at the plaza
# Head to the [[Angel's Share]]
# Talk to everyone
# Talk to [[Venti]] on the second floor of the tavern
# Wait till the next morning (08:00 – 10:00)
# Go to the city gate
# Go to the location Paimon mentioned
# Talk to everyone
# Go to the island that [[Kazuha]] mentioned
# Use Elemental Sight to follow the traces
# Defeat the Fatui soldier
#* {{Enemy|Cryogunner Legionnaire|x=1}}
# Talk to the Fatui soldier
# Return to camp
# Contact Venti in a less conspicuous place

==Notes==
*If the player attempts to go activate any of the other Waypoints outside of the island mentioned in Step ?{{Verify|not step 10}}, they will be teleported further away by the game.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As summer comes into its own, you receive a mysterious letter. "To Whomsoever Finds This Letter" — the sender seems to be waiting for someone...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ah, Traveler. It so happens that a friend of yours asked me to pass on a voice message when I saw you.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Someone left a message for us? Who could it be?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' "My beloved retainer, have you noticed that silver thread, of which fate is woven, now twisting and twining itself around you? The Auge der Verurteilung des... hmm? Des... Großen Kaleidophantasmas... will be watching you..."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Apologies, this message is unusually difficult to recite. Would you like to hear more?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... definitely sounds like Fischl's note... What should we do?
:{{DIcon}} I'd love to hear more.
::{{A|vo yqeq101 1 katheryne 05a.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' "...will be watching you as you step into the glorious castle of the Immernachtreich. Come to me at once, swear an oath to me in my blessed name, and we shall journey together to the depths of the world."
:{{DIcon}} I'm good, thanks.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Anyway, to summarize &mdash; Miss Fischl asked me to ask you to go to the plaza in front of the Cathedral.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Please meet her there when you have the time. She said that she will be waiting for you.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Fischl... such a mystifying message for such a plain and simple request...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if Fischl's expecting us, then let's not keep her waiting. Let's head towards the Cathedral plaza!
----
;(Approach Mona, Fischl and Oz)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There she is! And Mona, too!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oh, welcome, welcome, most loyal attendants of the Prinzessin!
:{{Introductory Note|Fischl|guaranteed=yes}}<!-- is it guarenteed? --><!--have Fischl and already partaken in Unreconciled Stars but still appeared, so probably yes-->
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Which one is it, "retainer" or "attendant"? Make up your mind...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' My apologies. Mein Fräulein tends to use exaggerated expressions when she's in good spirits.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Fischl! You were looking for us, right? Sounds like the fun's started without us! What's got you in such a good mood?
:{{DIcon}} Nice to see you all again, it's been a while.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' And so, the whisper of eternal night summons you back to my side. Splendid! What a blessed reunion, a boon from beyond the eventide! Come, partake of this joy with me, my subjects...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Traveler, Paimon, it's a pleasure to see you again. Mein Fräulein and I extend to you our most sincere greetings.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to say a proper hello too, but Paimon has no idea how to, uh... partake...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' A normal person in this situation would simply say: "Hi Traveler, how have you been?"
:{{DIcon}} Fine, thanks.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 03a.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph! (Traveler) and I are like intertwined stars in the vast galaxy. You of all people should very well know the fate foretold by this meeting!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Precisely! Lady Megistus, please refrain from such unimaginative utterances.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Lady M&mdash;Meg...? What now?
:{{DIcon}} Is that your new nickname?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hehe, Lady Megistus has long since become a citizen of the Immernachtreich. She has been serving as Court Archmage under one's command for some time now.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ahem! That's just my surname, don't mind that... This is so embarrassing, hahaha...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' (Traveler), you're here because Fischl asked Katheryne to ask you to come, right?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Indeed so, my Archmage. Did even this appear in thy divination? Why, your powers are truly dangerous.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh for the love of... No, of course not! You told me yourself that you'd left a message with Katheryne!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ahem! Excuse me... Anyway, in my case she practically beat the door down to get me to come along... Whatever she says, please don't be too astonished.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, don't worry. We've been around the block, you can't faze us!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oh, faithful servants! One's homeland, the Immernachtreich, which bears the darkest of all fates, draws near to this world once more. Stand with me in anticipation, for the glory of our kingdom is nigh!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what...?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Indeed! Only one's most faithful envoys are fortunate enough to be privy to this great revelation. The Immernachtreich is near Mondstadt!
:{{DIcon}} Okay, I'll report this to the [[Knights of Favonius]] immediately!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' No, please, that will be most unnecessary!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I know it sounds absurd, but there's actually something behind this, I promise.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Basically, what Fischl means is&mdash;
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Lady Megistus!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Urgh, alright, alright! Honestly... Look at me, a genius astrologist, forced into a juvenile role-playing game...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The truth is that yesterday, Her Highness encountered the Spark Knight, [[Klee]] outside of the city. Both being of great fame, they recognized one another instantly, and began to converse.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It was already getting dark, so in that spirit of great compassion and care for which she is known, Her Highness personally accompanied Klee back to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' On the way, Her Highness relayed to Klee the story of her origins. Upon hearing the tragic tale of the fall of Her Highness's homeworld, the tender-hearted Spark Knight inquired, with tears welling up in her eyes...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' "Oh no! Is the Immernachtreich really gone? Won't it grow back?"
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 09.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' "O mortal, your sovereign's heart is touched by thy sincerity and sympathy. But nay, the Immernachtreich is an everlasting realm, and one day, it shall make its reappearance."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 06.ogg}} '''Oz:''' "Really? So how do we make your homeland grow back again? Oh, pwease tell me, pweeease, pweeeeease!"<!--I died here--><!--Yeah, me too...-->
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 10.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' "Since you inquire so earnestly... give unto me a tranquil haven, promise me eternal admiration, lend me both time and wind, and one shall revive one's homeworld."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could you cut the re-enactment and just get to the point!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' In short, Klee gave Fischl an island to serve as the promised land where the Immernachtreich will reappear. I didn't believe it either at first, but then I saw this letter.
:;(Open Mysterious Letter)
::'''Mysterious Letter'''
::Esteemed Prinzessin of the Immernachtreich,
::I am a witch who travels amidst the mountains and rivers of Teyvat.
::I write to you, having heard from my young daughter that your kingdom has fallen and that you are searching for a way to restore it.
::Amid the seas under a far-flung sky may the Golden Apple Archipelago be found.
::If this masterless land can assist in the restoration of Your Highness's realms, that would be most wonderful!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 07.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Providence has gifted mein Fräulein with an excellent opportunity. Esteemed Traveler, as mein Fräulein's cherished retainer, you deserve to bear witness to this grand moment with us.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This island looks kinda familiar...
:{{DIcon}} Um...ahh...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 11.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Traveler! Curtail thy umming and ahhing at once! The throne of the Immernachtreich calls for me. Come, be my blade, clear the way, and witness what is to come!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I think she just wants to invite you along to the island with her. That being said, I have a feeling that I'll be better off not performing any divination where that island's concerned...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why not?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Klee is involved in this, which means [[Alice|her mother]] is probably involved, which means that old hag is involved... Ugh, thanks, but no thanks.
:{{DIcon}} What can I do for you, Your Highness?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 12.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You, who have traveled to the farthest reaches of the world, fathomed the celestial path of stardust in the palm of your hand, and witnessed raindrops converge and become one with the undercurrent of destiny... You, yes, you...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 08.ogg}} '''Oz:''' ...Must chart the course that leads the way to the land promised to mein Fräulein by fate!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhh. Fischl doesn't know the way there...
:{{DIcon}} I knew it...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe, since thou askethed for our help, Paimon can telleth you that we are good friends with the Spark Knight, Klee: The Guides of Destiny!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, seriously...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), come on, just play along!
:{{DIcon}} Very well! I am the one whomst hath traveled here from beyond the stars!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Behold, the watcher, the guide, the weaver of dreams... (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 13.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hahahaha! Excellent, most excellent!

:'''A crowd of bemused Mondstadters watches on as this spectacle continues for another half hour...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...To sum up, Traveler, since you say you know the way, we'll let you take us to the island&mdash; I mean, the promised land.
:{{DIcon}} For the Prinzessin!
:{{DIcon}} Lady Megistus, leave it to me.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 mona 18.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Good, fine, done. Right, now &mdash; Lady Megistus needs to go home to pack her things and catch up on some sleep. Your Highness, your other distinguished selves, let's meet at the city gate at nine o'clock tomorrow morning.<!--Y'know what, they could use time limit on this specific step, in evening, so they can match perfectly with time?-->
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 fischl 14.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Very well! Then it is settled. One blesses you with an undisturbed slumber, Lady Megistus. You too, Traveler.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 oz 09.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein means to say: "Good night, see you all tomorrow."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' About darn time... good night!
;(Mona and Fischl leave)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon's exhausted! You all have proper roles! How come Paimon has to be a clock on the wall in the royal palace!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Cuckoo! It's twelve o'clock sharp in the Immernachtreich!"
:{{DIcon}} (Paimon, you're the one who started it...)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph. Anyway, since those islands are pretty mind-blowing place, why don't we get some people with mind-boggling ideas to help us out?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kaeya's mind works in mysterious ways, but no one in Mondstadt has ideas that boggle the mind quite like...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 2 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...a certain somebody who's definitely going to be in the tavern at this hour. C'mon, let's go rope him into helping us!
----
;(Enter Angel's Share)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here! Tone-Deaf Bard! ...Huh!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), what are they doing in Mondstadt!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well look at that, you're really here! Come on, take a seat and join our delightful conversation!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wow, (Traveler), Paimon! Speak of the devil, we were literally just talking about you!
:{{Introductory Note|Xinyan}}
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, truly a curious coincidence.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kazuha, [[Xinyan]], what are you doing here in a Mondstadt tavern? And how'd you end up having to share a table with the Tone-Deaf Bard...?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' "Tone-Deaf Bard"? Hahaha! Now that's a fun stage name. Seems like you're a pretty well-known singer, fella.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Though sadly not a rock 'n' roll singer, or we could perform a duet.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, you all know each other! My new-found friends are my old friends' friends from afar... Ah, how fantastic.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' This is a rare opportunity indeed. Oh, we should form a poetry club and call it... the "Free Poets Society," or something like that.
:{{DIcon}} You guys came here from Liyue?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yeah, I felt like getting out and finding some new inspiration for my songwriting. Kazuha felt like going on a trip too, so we figured we'd travel together.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Last month, [[Beidou]] held a big booze-fueled party called the "Drink-Till-You-Sink Champion-Ship," and she put me in charge of the music. That's where I met Kazuha.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Although Xinyan can come across as unruly at times, her musical understanding is highly nuanced and original. Safe to say, our shared appreciation for music struck a chord in us both.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You can say that again! In Kazuha's hands, even a leaf becomes an instrument! That makes him an expert among my friends.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Startin' from Liyue, we passed through [[Stone Gate]] and kept going till we came into Mondstadt. Then, along the way, we saw this really awesome [[Dawn Winery Manor|manor]], it was something else!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Yeah, we know the one. [[Diluc|Our friend]] owns that place.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Really? Y'all sure have a lot of friends! Well, whoever it is that lives in that fine place must really be lovin' life, huh?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... guess so, heh...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Similar souls tend to attract each other. (Traveler) and Paimon, you must have exceptional taste, just like that friend of yours.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you're too nice! Unlike some people who only ever seem to poke fun at Paimon, ahem!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' By the way, do you know anything about the "Iridescence Tour"? It's supposed to be huge. Rumor has it that all seven nations of Teyvat are gonna be involved.
:{{DIcon}} I remember.
:{{DIcon}} Never heard of it.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well, so far it's mostly just empty promises. Anyway, it's supposed to be a music festival. The organizer really did a number on me last time. They canceled on me. But I hear that they're still active.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I'd love to give the festival another shot, but wouldn't you know it &mdash; the plans fell through again... How can they mess up this bad twice in a row?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Music is all about inspiration. Maybe the organizers canceled the show because theirs dried up.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But fear not, weary travelers, for your journey was not in vain. It has, after all, brought you here, to me, to the temple of music.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Your temple of music must have more than just good tunes &mdash; you're a bard, ain't ya? A song's gotta have a good story, or it doesn't make the cut, right?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, exactly! Ah, you understand the meaning of being a bard so well. To express my gratitude, I will even share one of these stories with you.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hahaha, you're a funny fella. Are all bards like you?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I've met many bards during my travels, but none of them are as entertaining as you.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'm sure it all comes down to the richness of my imagination, and by extension the poverty of theirs. And on that note, here is a fantastical tale that is sure to delight you all.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "Legends tell of an emerald isle in the middle of the ocean. There, the Dodo-King and his people live a blissful existence."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "When a Dodoco is born, it dives into the water. Some learn to swim, others are carried away by the waves all the way to Mondstadt, where they befriend the children there."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "One Dodoco made a new friend in Mondstadt: the little Spark Knight. But the Dodo-King did not approve. He demanded that the little knight come to the island and prove herself to him."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "So the little knight, together with her most important friend in all the world, braved the wind and waves, finally reaching the middle of the ocean. But Dodo-King was not there. Dodo-King had lied..."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "There was no trial, by fire or interrogation. The little knight's mother, who was a mage, had built an entire summer city there as a gift to her daughter along with this message:"
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "Summer is the season of love. It is the time for freedom and fun. So everyone, please sing, dance, and enjoy yourselves here."
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...The end.
:'''(Traveler):''' (Strange, I was just about to ask about the island...)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' How interesting. I now have the urge to visit that island myself... This is the thing about traveling. You can't plan ahead, better to leave when the mood takes you and go where the heart leads.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I'm glad you liked it. Well, there's wine on the table, and I have stories to tell... seems like fate is feeling kind today.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Here's to music! Come on, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't worry, if you don't like wine, there's juice as well.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' In that case, I'll have a glass of juice. Hmm... this one. I like the color.

:'''Somehow, you get dragged into drinking one glass after another until... Suddenly, you notice someone is feeling very tipsy.'''

:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! Kazuha!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Uh-oh, this fella's drunk... But wasn't he drinking fruit juice?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' More... please more...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oops, I think I accidentally placed some fruity cocktails out there... Ehe, my bad.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anyway, guess it's time to talk about business after all that drinking. (Traveler), you came here because you need my help, I presume?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah, that's a good point... We didn't come here to drink...
:{{DIcon}} Venti, come with me.

;(Talk to Kazuha or Xinyan)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Kazuha, Kazuha! ...Ugh, he just won't wake up! Looks like we're staying in the tavern tonight.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' zzz... zzz...

;(Go to the top of the tavern)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Look where we are... Yup, I can sense that you're about to tell me something very interesting.

:'''You tell Venti about the Spark Knight giving an island to Fischl, and Fischl's plans to head there...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Klee gave a special gift from her mother to an adventurer friend? She's such a kindhearted child.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As I'm sure you've already guessed, that letter is most definitely written by Alice.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, thought so...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Speaking of, guess which two people I ran into on my way to the tavern today?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Master [[Jean]]? Or... [[Lisa]]?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' A mother and daughter, both with long elf ears and the most amazingly adorable personalities.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alice and Klee!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ding-ding-ding! Correct answer!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The unaging mage was taking her teeny-tiny knight on a vacation, and I happened to run into them. As a friendly greeting, the mysterious woman gave me a gift...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' She also said that if I meet any fun friends, I should share this gift with them. So now, it's yours to keep, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh! It's a bomb!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Minus the fuse &mdash; so don't worry, it's not going to explode. Come on, take it. This way, we can talk to each other just like this even when we're apart.
:{{DIcon}} Wow, that sounds impressive.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's called a "[[Dodocommunication Device]]," and it allows people to stay in touch over vast distances. However, you can't just use it anytime you want, and there's also a limit on the number of times you can use it. That's why it's currently only available to a certain select few.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I heard that the inspiration for this comes from another world... Alice is always full of surprises.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' She and Klee asked me to tell you: "Please take this with you when you depart for the island&mdash; no wait, the promised land with your friends, and have fun!"
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't worry about how to get there. The organizers of this vacation have made arrangements. Turn right after you exit the city gates, and you'll see something that will make you very happy.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like the two of you are in cahoots over this...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, of course not. Is that really the sort of person you think I am?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' (Traveler), you're my friend. And as your friend, I just want to give you something that will make you happy. How can you think this of me?
:{{DIcon}} Alright, I'll go.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair enough... the Tone-Deaf Bard does like to joke around, but he's still one of our best friends. Besides, a vacation sounds great, hehe...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, Kazuha and Xinyan seemed pretty interested in coming on this trip, too. Let's ask them if they wanna join us!
;(Traveler, Paimon, and Venti head down)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You're back. Poor Kazuha's still out for the count... seems like he can't handle alcohol so well.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xinyan, do you wanna come to the islands with us?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' *snore*... adventure... can't...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Huh? He doesn't wanna go anymore? He seemed really interested just a moment ago.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Can't... miss... the adventure...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hahahaha, Kazuha might act mature, but deep down he's just another youngster eager for new experiences. That must be why he didn't think anything of the "fruit juice" earlier.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, all the more reason for you to join the island trip! You know, a lot of people have praised the beautiful scenery there &mdash; even bards.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Okay! Sounds like a plan! (Traveler), how do we get there?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Someone's got it covered, apparently. There'll be a few others joining us on this trip, and we're meeting at the city gate tomorrow morning. We'll wait for you.
:{{DIcon}} Kazuha, wake up! We're going wandering!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Hm? (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, they don't know Fischl yet, do they! Okay, so here's the deal, there's a princess from a faraway land and her retinue, who're also coming on this trip...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Uh, Paimon, don't get me wrong, I'm just askin' to make sure... but from the way you're plugging this trip so hard... did the Iridescence Tour folks put you up to this?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' After all, canceling the Iridescence Tour after people already made the trip... That's kinda the same thing as tricking people into going traveling, ain't it?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahhh! Why won't anyone believe Paimon!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha, don't worry about that for now. You'll all have the chance to get acquainted with each other tomorrow morning.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Whether you're a princess, a retainer, a talking raven, a samurai or a musician... You're all VIP guests of the island on your summer vacation, and that's what counts, right?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I'm sure lookin' forward to it!
:{{DIcon}} Are you coming too, Venti?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'll have to pass. I have some work to take care of.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You serious? The Tone-Deaf Bard actually has plans to do some work?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 20.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I promised [[Diona|a young lady with cat ears and a cat tail]] that I'd sing in her [[Cat's Tail|tavern]] to boost business and beat the competition. Ah yes, the competition being this place, which has [[Six-Fingered José]].
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't you allergic to cats?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 21.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yup! I can always sing on their roof.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 22.ogg}} '''Venti:''' She told me that as long as their sales surpass their competitor, there's a whole month's worth of wine in it for me. What a fine employment opportunity, virtually tailor-made for me!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 4 venti 23.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So have fun, and don't worry about me. Haha, I feel like this summer is going to be a very interesting one.
----
;(Approach the city gate)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Today is the day of one's reckoning with fate, as foretold by the night sky! Humiliations suffered in the past, the shame we have carried all these years, one bids you adieu! For today, it is time for... retribution!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, if I may be so bold, that final phrase did not sound like one of your own.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Of course it wasn't. I just overheard it from someone in the city... Ahem! I mean, thy Prinzessin is merely drawing on the wisest and courageous sayings she has heard in the land, to signify the importance of this day...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm, let me see... Huh? It really is [[Dawn#Voice-Overs|someone else's catchphrase]]...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you're here early!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hi!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Who've you brought with you...?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Ahem! Allow Paimon to introduce to you a fabled wandering swordsman of Inazuma, and an enchanting musical talent of Liyue.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey! I'm Xinyan, from Liyue. I like rock 'n' roll, sunny days, and good times.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You must be the princess Paimon told us about? You sure do look the part! I hear you're from a faraway land &mdash; it's an honor to be in the company of dignitaries!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' And this lady over here... My family tells me that only the wisest scholars wear pointed hats like this one. Guessing that applies to you, too?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 together 01.ogg}} '''Mona and Fischl:''' (Oh, I like her. She can stay!)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Xinyan, your gaze pierces the dark veil of night to arrive at the truth beyond. I am in need of one such as yourself. Very well, you shall be one's musician laureate.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' She's trying to say, thanks, you say all the right things! Um, and the same goes for me too. Pleasure to meet you. I'm Mona, an astrologist.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, well it's nice to meet you too!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mona is amazing, she can find out everything about you by divination!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A princess, an astrologist, and an articulate raven-retainer... In the company of giants, my humble self hardly deserves mention.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I am Kaedehara Kazuha from Inazuma. It is an honor to meet you all.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' What ho, Kazuha, divulge thy epithets and thy vocation.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Oh, mein Fräulein would like to know where you work, and what your field of expertise is.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Um... I'm afraid I'm just another wanderer...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This guy is an expert in the sword arts. He parries blades that none have ever parried before, and strikes like lightning! Mere mortals could not hope to comprehend!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' (What? Is he really that powerful!?)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Let me take a look... huh!? Oh, oh my...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hi, Kazuha, I'm absolutely delighted to meet a great swordmaster like you. Could we ask you to be our guard while we're on the island?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' One hereby declares you Captain of the Royal Guard of the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' For even Lady Megistus to praise your skills, you are surely one of rare talent.
:{{DIcon}} Lady Megistus is absolutely right!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Okay, Lady M&mdash;Meg...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Lady M&mdash;Megi... what?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Just call me Mona! Stop calling me that weird name.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, Lady Megistus, we found out how to get to the promised land.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A legendary great mage gave us a big hint. Come on, everyone follow Paimon!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|As summer comes into its own, you receive a mysterious letter from Fischl, who seems enthusiastic about inviting everyone to the Golden Apple Archipelago. With Venti and Alice's help, several friends have joined you. Now is the time to set off on your new adventure to the mysterious islands you are visiting for the first time... or not.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, everyone! Here's our vehicle.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Somehow, I suddenly don't feel like going anymore.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What a... unique little thing. Looks kinda like Guoba, doesn't it?
:{{DIcon}} ?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Guoba... is he the magical creature at Wanmin Restaurant? Now that you mention it... it does look quite similar.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... to be honest, even Paimon isn't so sure this can take us to the island after all...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Hm.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I see... I see. Only by meeting the lowliest of ends can we arrive at the Immernachtreich born anew.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Haha, behold, the doorway cloven by Thundering Retribution... by such means as I once descended into this realm to bring retribution do I now venture into the next. Come, Oz! Lead the way!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I will enter first. Mein Fräulein need not worry.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...He's in... and now he's gone!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Why... this truly is the path of retribution that leads to the promised land!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Maybe I should just do a quick reading for safety...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lady Megistus, it's fine! This is Alice's creation, it's totally safe! Spare yourself the trouble, just come with us.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh right! I completely forgot...*sigh* Alright.

:'''Everyone exchanges glances before, one by one, stepping nervously but excitedly into the "Dodofortress"...'''

:'''The journey is an eventful one... and maybe a little crowded...?'''

:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so dark in here. Um, can someone turn on a light? Hey! Quit pushing!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Come on now, let's all try and stay... Ow! Fischl! You're treading on my hair!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I thought it was a snake!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Ahh! We're flying!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Everyone, be careful!
----
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Whew, we finally landed! What was that all about...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What a beautiful place. The wind is soft and the ocean is calm... And a pleasant scent blows on the breeze.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! Paimon's feeling way better already now that we can see the ocean!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' An ocean of life, and a land filled with flora... Mein Fräulein, we have finally arrived at the promised land, whence we shall revive the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...O faithful retainers, this is the blessed paradise that one has been searching for. Here is where we shall witness the culmination of all things!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I, who command the darkness, shall lead you to yonder gate of dreams.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...shall lead you... to yonder gate of dreams!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Your Archmage Megistus thanks you for your kindness, Your Highness. In this moment, I offer my blessings to the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Mona... wh&mdash;what are you, uh...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Don't ask, just follow my lead!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh... oh right! Praise be to the Prinzessin, who has led us here to this sacred place!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My sincere gratitude to you for inviting me to join you on this trip, Your Highness.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Your happiness gladdens one's heart. Ah... how it delights me to bring us all together here at this most monumentally fateful of moments.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Now, as I take my first step on this pilgrimage, I shall perceive this ocean of life with my own earthly vessel. After all, this is where my soul belongs.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' On the contrary, Lady Megistus, blessed as you are with the great power of Hydro, one yet finds too many impurities in thy soul... Mm-mm.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein means Lady Megistus is perhaps not the most talented swimmer.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Fischl, that's enough!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'm happy enough to join in with the play-acting without complaining, but how dare you ridicule my genius? Think you can swim better than me? Hah, I'll bring you to your knees, young lady!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Oh my! Mein Fräulein, steel yourself, mein Fräulein!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Swimming race, swimming race! Whoever comes in last is a rotten egg!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Challenge accepted! Heed my words, lowly Lady Megistus, you shall pay for your foolishness for as long as you live!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ridiculous. I've never lost a single swimming race in my life. Bring it on! First one to run to the beach wins!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Are they serious? Running? I thought they were gonna swim.
:{{DIcon}} Never mind, looks like they're enjoying this.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I take it you have no present plans, (Traveler)? I want to start by surveying the area first. Want to come along?
:{{DIcon}} Oh Kazuha, it's good we can count on you.<!--
random missing line, I think
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I saw an island in the northwest, far in the distance. It looked very distinctive. I'd like to take a look.-->
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Xinyan, are you coming?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Seems like everyone's got things to do... I'll stay here and hold down the fort for now. Mona and Fischl have gone swimming, and someone's gotta set up camp.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Don't worry, I got this! You're gonna take a look around, right? Well, make sure you lemme know if there are any good views!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks! Will do!

;(Talk to Xinyan)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Okay, I'll start by catching ten crabs and twenty fish! Hmm... will that be enough for all of us? Maybe I should prepare something else?

;(Check the book on a nearby stone)
:'''Swimming Race That Must Have A Result Today:''' Archmage Megistus Versus Fischl the Prinzessin der Verurteilung
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's that huge weird thing over there!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It appears to be some sort of machine and an army cap with traces of Hydro next to it. It seems that we are not the first to set foot on this island.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Also, there are footprints here. Fresh ones, likely no more than a few days old.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon didn't notice them at all...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Hmm?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
;(Kazuha examines the footsteps)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' (Traveler), Paimon, stay alert.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why? Did you see something?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Someone was here... and they're still nearby. Judging from the scent... they are visitors here, like us.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's other people here? Oh, Paimon's scared now...Come on, (Traveler), we need to track 'em down!

:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You said the cap had traces of Hydro on it? Then let's follow the traces of elemental energy!

;(Following the trail)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' We're close. Watch out.

;(Approach the Fatui)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's the [[Fatui]]!

;(After defeating the Fatui legionnaire)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are there Fatui on this island! Isn't there a single place in this world without [[Mint]], [[Sweet Flower]]s, and Fatui?
:{{DIcon}} They get everywhere, like weeds...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Interesting observation.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 01.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' *sob* Cappy-cap's gone... where's cappy-cap...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Are you looking for something?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 02.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' A cap... I c&mdash;can't... can't lose it...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 03.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' Ah! I don't know anything... Gimme back cappy-cap... *sob*
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Is this the cap you're looking for?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 04.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' My brother's cappy-cap! Gimme, gimme, gimme!

:'''You return the cap to the Fatuus.'''

:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, this guy is not the sharpest sword in the sheath...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 05.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' Don't bully me! Or I'll punch you in the... Aah! Monster, monster! *sob*
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Stop right there! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another Fatuus! We could ask you the same question! What are YOU doing here, hmm!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 06.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' Protect... cappy-cap... or brother will get mad at me...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 02.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' Forget the cap! It's your brother we're looking for!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What happened to him?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 03.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' ...Nothing. He has a fever... he's just a little delirious, that's all.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 04.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' I don't have to tell you anything. Go bother someone else.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This island belongs to our friend! You better watch what you say, mister.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 05.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' What? I thought this island was uninhabited. That's why we came here to... Ahem, never mind.
:{{DIcon}} What's that machine for?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 06.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' ...Tsk, fine. I'll tell you, but then you need to leave me alone.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 07.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' It's a new kind of energy generator that I invented. We were simply looking for a deserted island to test it out on. There, satisfied?
:{{DIcon}} Like we told you, this island is ours.
::{{DIcon}} Do not impede our vacationing.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, and if you don't do as your told, we'll... Oh, we'll take his cap!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 07.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' Ah! Please don't... *sob*
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 08.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' Hey, stop crying! ...Alright, I promise, we'll stay within this area. Okay!?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, by the way, why is there smoke coming out of your machine?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 09.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' Because the cursed thing is broken! As much as I hate to say it, our tests did not go to plan. We were getting ready to leave anyway.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, well just see yourselves out whenever you're ready. Bye.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 persikov 10.ogg}} '''Persikov:''' Come on! Let's go!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 strangesoldier 08.ogg}} '''Strange Soldier:''' O&mdash;Okay...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe we have to deal with the Fatui during our vacation...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Why would the Fatui appear in such an isolated corner of the world... Whatever their reasons, it's likely more complicated than we might think.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Even though we're on vacation, we should stay vigilant, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} I agree.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Also, in the interests of keeping the ladies in good spirits, I have a suggestion.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Let's keep this between us for now. Let them enjoy their vacation while (Traveler) and I deal with any potential threats. What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} Makes sense. I'm in.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're so considerate, Kazuha.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Paimon, you flatter me. I simply don't think it's worth ruining anyone's vacation over a trivial matter like this.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 9 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The scenery is beautiful... I hope all of us can enjoy ourselves here.

;(Observe the device at the top of any of the three giant rock pillars on the island)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This pointy thing looks like a tower. Pretty unique, too. Maybe it has something to do with that machine we saw.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... from the looks of it, it seems pretty broken...
----
;(Returning to the camp)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Just in time! So (Traveler), Paimon, who do you think the real swimming champion is? Me or Fischl?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Haha! Utter my supreme name, and see how Lady Megistus the presumptuous is reduced to bitter tears!
:{{DIcon}} Uh, I'll go with whoever Paimon says is the winner.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no you don't! Don't put this on Paimon!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Oh wise Paimon, surely you can discern who the true winner is.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Lady Paimon, the time to show your loyalty is nigh.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wait, wait wait wait! Shouldn't Paimon get some food in her first? Poor thing looks starvin' after such a long trek out!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh! Thank you, Xinyan!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, we did walk quite a long way.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Right? While you were off doing your own things, I caught us some seafood and picked us a few fruits. They taste real good barbecued!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Now that you mention it, I'm getting a little peckish myself...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem! I, too...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well there's plenty to go around, so dig in! I can't say I've got the culinary skills of my chef friend, but I promise you'll at least eat your fill!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Time to eat!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Inviting Lady Xinyan here was an astute decision indeed.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's done talking, you guys carry on if you wanna go hungry!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah, I love that barbecue smell... This tastes amazing.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Mmm! Impressive!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Since Xinyan made dinner for us, allow me to take charge of breakfast tomorrow.
:{{DIcon}} Great! Looking forward to it already!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon too!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, (Traveler), you forgot about something!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, let's talk over there.

;(Go to the top of the hill)
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That whole thing with the Fatui is bothering you, too, right? Well, remember the bomb thing that Venti gave us? We can contact him using that.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, no, not a bomb. Venti said it's called a "Dodocommunication Device"!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's ask Venti if he knows anything. He always seems clued-in on everything, so if there's any intel floating around, he'll definitely know about it!
:'''Dodocommunication Device:''' Dodo! Dodo! Dodoco!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Achoo! Ugh...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Heya! Miss me already, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Hi Venti, it's me.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I know that. You're the only person who can contact me on this thing.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How come you're sneezing?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'm at The Cat's Tail... so many cats... They gave me some allergy medicine, but it's not working... Achoo! Okay, go on then, what are you calling about?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, tell him.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could you be any lazier!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, well Venti, there's some strange things going on on this island... We ran into the Fatui!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The Fatui... yeah, they're everywhere, aren't they?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahaha, the Cryo Archon's minions are a capable crew. I'd be more surprised if they hadn't shown up yet.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But they're ruining our vacation!
:{{DIcon}} Exactly.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Really? But... you sound fine, they can't have caused you too much trouble, surely? Or if they did, I'm sure you have everything under control by now.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, but something just doesn't feel right, that's why we came to you... Don't you have any information for us?
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I haven't heard anything new about the Fatui. But don't worry. I may be a lowly tone-deaf bard, but you may contact me whenever you need me.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I mean, I can't promise I'll be of much help, but at least you'll have someone to talk to, right? Sometimes, just talking things through is enough to calm a worried mind.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh! Honestly...
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Adventuring is what you do best. It's only natural to encounter a few surprises when you head somewhere new, but just remember, not all unexpected encounters are dangerous.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The same wind graces the seaside as that which wafts over pastures green. Wherever you see clouds, it was the wind that carried them there. Don't worry, my friends, the wind will always be with you.
:{{DIcon}} Alright.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Okay then, I have to go now &mdash; my performance in the Cat's Tail is starting any second!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, bye!
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So he means we don't need to worry too much about the Fatui, right?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, I think so.
:{{DIcon}} I thought as much.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if that's what the Tone-Deaf Bard says... then fingers crossed we'll have a peaceful and relaxing vacation where nothing weird happens at all.
:{{A|vo yqeq101 11 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you go off on a long trip with your friends, the important thing is to have fun!
;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Post-Quest==
===Not Time-Limited===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Venti on the roof of [[Cat's Tail]])
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Achoo!
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ugh... Guess I shouldn't get too close to the cats after all... I'll just stay on the roof.

;(Check the book on a nearby stone)
:'''Swimming Race That Must Have A Result Today:''' Archmage Megistus Versus Fischl the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, 10:7
:'''(Traveler):''' (The number "10" has been struck out haphazardly. It is very obvious who did this. There are also some complaints scribbled next to it &mdash; something like "How dare you hold back. I need no sympathy from my opponent!" as you take a closer look.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (It looks like the two competitors are on good terms. But it is a surprise that Mona should hold back in a contest against Fischl.)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Time-Limited===
{{Dialogue start}}
These dialogue lines were only available to players who completed ''The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!'' before ''As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared'' became unlockable.
;(Talk to Kazuha or Xinyan)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It was a great pleasure to enjoy a delicious meal to the gentle whisper of the sea breeze. Thank you for making dinner for everyone, Xinyan.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No problem. I'm just glad y'all enjoyed it. I was real worried that I hadn't made enough for everyone... or that I'd made too much.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' By the way, how was your walk today? Find any high-up spots with a good view?
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes. The bard's description of an "emerald isle" describes this place perfectly.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh? So what about the rest of the story, is that true as well?
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It's hard to say. But I do believe it.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well then, let's hope we wake up tomorrow morning to the sight of the Dodo-King or a Dodoco! That'd be fun.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Of course, I don't mind if that doesn't happen. It's amazing just to be here on the island from the story, and to get to make some friends from Mondstadt.

;(Talk to Mona or Fischl)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The mortal temptations stopped the truth in its tracks, denying the verdict of my victory the chance to be announced in my presence.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Wow, I'm surprised you have the nerve to bring that up again.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You and Oz are like two peas in a pod, trying desperately to convince (Traveler) and Paimon that you were the victor. I hardly see how that's fair.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Besides, only the loser would want to get&mdash;
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Say that again?
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, she means to say that you are the loser.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Silence, Oz!
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem... Lady Megistus, let us put aside the sacred matter of our trial for now. Once I have reclaimed my throne in the Immernachtreich, we shall settle this for good in the Garten Sanssouci!
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq101 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, that's fine by me, I'll beat you no matter how many times you ask for a rematch... wait, but what is that place, exactly?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|zhs     = 再临！金苹果假日
|zhs_rm  = Zàilín! Jīn Píngguǒ Jiàrì
|zht     = 再臨！金蘋果假日
|zht_rm  = Zàilín! Jīn Píngguǒ Jiàrì
|zh_tl   = Returns! The Golden Apple Vacation
|ja      = 再臨！金リンゴバカンス
|ja_rm   = Sairin! Kin Ringo Bakansu
|ja_tl   = Returns! The Golden Apple Vacation
|ko      = 다시 찾아온 금사과의 휴일!
|ko_rm   = Dasi Chajaon Geumsagwa-ui Hyuil!
|ko_tl   = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|es      = ¡Otras vacaciones en Manzana Dorada!
|es_tl   = Another Vacation at Golden Apple!
|fr      = Vacances à la pomme dorée, le retour&nbsp;!
|fr_tl   = Vacation in the Golden Apple, the Return!
|ru      = Ещё один отпуск на архипелаге Золотого яблока!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = กลับมาอีกครั้ง! วันหยุดใน Golden Apple Archipelago
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kỳ Nghỉ Táo Vàng! Tái Xuất!
|vi_tl   = The Golden Apple Vacation! Returns!
|de      = Nochmal! Urlaub auf dem Goldapfelarchipel!
|de_tl   = Again! Holiday in the Golden Apple Archipelago!
|id      = Lagi! Liburan di Golden Apple Archipelago!
|id_tl   = Again! Holiday in the Golden Apple Archipelago!
|pt      = As Férias da Maçã Dourada Voltaram!
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Ещё один отпуск на архипелаге Золотого яблока!]]