{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40076
|title         = The Ancient Azure Stars
|image         = Event Quest The Ancient Azure Stars 3.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = The Ancient Azure Stars
|actNum        = V
|actType       = None
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Fischl; Kaedehara Kazuha; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Minacious Isle
|prev          = The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 2)
|next          = Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie (Quest)
|domain        = The Ancient Azure Stars (Domain)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Ancient Azure Stars''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the third quest of the fifth part.

==Steps==
# Follow the hint and explore the area
# Return to the mirage and use the shard
#* Enter [[Temple of the Star Latitudes]]'s Quest Domain: [[The Ancient Azure Stars]]
# Solve the astral puzzle
# Follow the strange star
# Open the fourth door
# Solve the astral puzzle
# Follow the strange star
# Enter the underwater space
# Touch the strange ornament
# Follow the star to the destination
#* The active character will be restricted to Mona from this step onwards, who can only control movement keys
# Talk to everyone
# Seize destiny
#* Capture the moving star
# Talk to everyone

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The vast expanse of the starry sky extends endlessly into the distance, with many a fate hidden within. It is simply fascinating: The beautiful sky stands silently in the mirage, its bosom wide and vast, its very existence ancient and gentle, as if it was born to embrace fate and grace everyone with its compassion. Mona understands fate in a way similar to this starry sky.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 1 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Huh, we've returned here once more.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like the story's not finished yet. Let the adventure continue!

;(After opening the Exquisite Chest)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's another star.

;(After the strange star stops)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It stopped by the water but didn't go in...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems almost like it's waiting for something...

;(After opening the Exquisite Chest)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, there's another star here.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was the first star waiting for this one?

;(Approach the mirage door)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Whoa! Wait, how the...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Another house in Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What are we doing in my house!!!
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Your house? This is your house?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' My, how unexpected... I heard Lady Megistus lived a modest life, but this abode...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look at the labels on these books on the ground... "Only one of its kind, 990,000 Mora..." Hey! That's super expensive!
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' There are so many expensive-looking hardcovers over here... So this is what an astrologist's room looks like...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The rooms are exquisitely designed... This place must be very expensive.
:{{DIcon}} So Mona's rich...
:{{DIcon}} It was my misconception this whole time...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hey, I'm just occasionally out of Mora, that's all. I never said I was a pauper.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You're not? Ugh, so what about those times I treated you to meals? And had you over to my place for dinner?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, mind your phrasing.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem! Thou wert blessed with the coveted opportunity to enter the palace of the Immernachtreich and meet with the Kaiser and Kaiserin der Verurteilung. Or hast thou conveniently forgotten this magnificent occasion?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, yes, the stew and cold cuts your mother made were heavenly! Mmm, I could go for some more of that right now...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Lady Megistus, this is not the time for such things!
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Is that Mondstadt cuisine? I wanna try some! I heard Mondstadt has lots of local delicacies, especially meat dishes.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph, then I shall extend to you the honor of meeting the Kaiser and Kaiserin with me on a future occasion.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Hey (Traveler), we should go too!
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Now that you mention it, it has been a while since I visited a friend's house. I shall gladly oblige.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh, but shouldn't we bring some sort of gift?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Those two are very kind and understanding, so please don't worry about that. Just bring yourselves.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You seriously have to try her mom's cold cut platter. It's her specialty, or something &mdash; anyway, it's simply delightful!
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Not to interrupt, but perhaps we should start working on the puzzle at hand? Ever since I entered this place, I have found myself most preoccupied with that ornament...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, right.

;(Touch the strange ornament)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa!

;(Enter the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Astrologists are able to understand the most complex signs among the stars. And because of this, we are not allowed to show any arrogance.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If one believes that astrology grants them unlimited power, they will face banishment by the stars.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' In the past, I was ignorant enough to think that I understood all fates in the universe.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Maybe it was some form of punishment... but I became lost. I couldn't see the stars any longer.

:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "You should not get confused. If you should become confused one day, not even astrology will be able to help you then."
:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's what the old hag said. We astrologists can't predict our own fate.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But today, those words seem to carry a different meaning.

:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I understand now that people won't always follow a beacon's guiding light. Even though the way forward may be dark and dangerous, they will still resolutely forge ahead.

:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fate is called such precisely because it cannot be altered or reversed.

:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I understand the governing laws of the universe, and have glimpsed secrets between heaven and earth. Observing it is enough for me, there's no need to force it to change.

:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There are no perfect legends, and no heroes that can save everyone. Instead of dwelling on my helplessness, what I should do...

:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...is seize my own destiny.

:{{A|vo yqeq113 4 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Looks like it's coming to an end again.

;(Fall through the floor)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' What a magnificent view...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Lady Megistus, I believe this is the firmest evidence yet of your immense genius. You truly are the greatest archmage in the history of the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Thank you, although the Immernachtreich really doesn't have that much of a history...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Stars like diamonds, and the moon like a pearl. This is the most brilliant night sky I have ever beheld.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's beautiful...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' To call up such a mirage, Mona must have a vast and boundless sea of stars in her heart.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Mona, what's the matter?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...I'm just thinking, these must be the things that we aspire to.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' This night sky is incredibly beautiful. In fact, I might go so far as to say it's even more beautiful than what I usually see in divinations.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' All the stars are in their rightful place.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...This is definitely my mirage. Only here can I see extraordinary sights like these.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Extraordinary? Why do you say that?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You know, the night sky of Teyvat is truly marvelous. All the answers in the world seem to have been hidden within.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "When is my missing son going to be found?"
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Do they love me or not?"
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Will I ever recover?"
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' As your stars move across the sky, they record all your life events in their path. And among all the people in the world, a considerable number will see their stars deviate from their path.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' When your stars are on track, it means you will be healthy, happy, and at peace.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Conversely, if your stars go off track, everything will get worse.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The starry sky in my divinations would never look as perfect as this. Some stars would lose their way, and others would fall...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...I wish everyone could be happy, and stay on track.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' To this end, I offer advice and tell the truth.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I know it's useless. All fates are already revealed in the night sky, with mine, too, just another among them. I can't change anything.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 18.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Even so... outside of astrology, outside of the words of truth, I still cling to the wisp of an irrational fantasy.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 19.ogg}} '''Mona:''' We must all live within the confines of reality, but... call me presumptuous, but I still believe in miracles.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 20.ogg}} '''Mona:''' In this vast sea of stars, there are stars for you, for me, for everybody.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 21.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What are the chances of one star encountering another? Are these encounters not the most wonderful miracles in all of destiny? ...I don't know.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 22.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But within Teyvat, the stars in the sky will always have a place for us. Even if astrology is resolutely rational, fate remains arbitrary, cruel, but romantic.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 23.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Mona, you seem to have been deep in thought...
::{{DIcon}} Have you found the answer?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 24.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...I think I have figured out what those stars are hiding.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 5 mona 25.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Now, I will seize my own destiny."

;(Capture the star)
;(A cutscene plays)
::'''Mona:''' There was a transparent bird made of crystal
::'''Mona:''' It was beautiful and fragile, and could sing the most beautiful songs
::'''Mona:''' But since mortals couldn't even see it, they believed it to be a trick
::'''Mona:''' How could a transparent bird possibly exist, let alone sing?
::'''Mona:''' When the bird heard that, it flapped its wings
::'''Mona:''' And flew across mountains and seas
::'''Mona:''' All the way to the night sky, where it turned into a star
::'''Mona:''' Its brilliance was so dazzling that it illuminated everyone
::'''Mona:''' It allowed all those that could see it to follow its light through the dark night
::'''Mona:''' To sail through the seas under the guidance of the stars
::'''Mona:''' It was born in wisdom, but trapped in ignorance
::'''Mona:''' It has never voiced a complaint, for this is its destiny
::'''Mona:''' Guiding people to see their destinies is the very meaning of its existence
:;(Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back here again. So... Are we completely out of the mirage?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' How strange...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' My mirage didn't contain any hints on the Fatui or the machine... Does that mean they had nothing to do with these mirages after all?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Or perhaps these mirages are a mere consequence, and not part of a process at all?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm, Paimon's lost...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I mean, these mirages were not steps towards solving the mystery, but rather a direct effect of whatever is going on.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Someone did something to bring the mirages into being. As they were just passive side products, it was natural that they couldn't provide us with any useful information.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' In other words, those mirages were only about ourselves.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmm, pure materializations of ourselves... Interesting.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Everyone, maybe we should go back to where this whole thing began.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' During our first day on the island, (Traveler) and I checked out the Fatui camp together. We found a strange machine there, as well as some disoriented Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} This is correct.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The researcher who spoke to us claimed that the machine was just a Fatui industrial invention. He even promised to not disturb us.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right right, and the cappy-cap guy looked half asleep the entire time. He kept talking nonsense!
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I wonder, is it possible that "madness" and "mirages" are two different outcomes of the machine's influence?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If so, everything can be traced back to that damaged machine &mdash; except for the difference in how it affects people. This, I believe, is caused by differences between the affected people themselves.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...!
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' When you put it that way... it is indeed difficult to distinguish dreams and hallucinations.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So what you're saying is, the device affected us differently because we are different from the Fatui?
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, and according to our observations over these past few days, I think... the difference is that we all have stronger willpower.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Yeah, I can get behind that.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' People with strong willpower will hallucinate instead of falling into madness, but those who break too easily can't maintain a stable mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In other words, we should go back to the Fatui camp and destroy that machine right away.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' No, it should be repaired, rather than destroyed.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means is that rashly destroying a machine we do not understand may lead to more serious consequences. It would be better to find a way to repair it first.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Right, it pays to be cautious.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If my guess is correct, that machine is capable of influencing the human brain. So we'd better tread carefully.
:{{A|vo yqeq113 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So let's go now! There's no time to waste!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Jd5u1N3nPV8
|caption1 = The Ancient Azure Stars Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Trivia==
* The design of the final floor of the Temple of the Star Latitudes is highly reminiscent and likely inspired by {{w|Vincent_van_Gogh|Vincent van Gogh's}} {{w|The_Starry_Night|The Starry Night}} painting.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Estrellas arcaicas (Parte 3)]]
[[ru:Древние лазурные звёзды (Часть 3)]]