{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11040
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Princeps Cretaceus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Traveler Observation Report
|character     = Albedo
|description   = You arrive at [[Timaeus]]' alchemy store in Mondstadt one day to stock up on adventuring supplies. Here you encounter [[Sucrose]], assistant to [[Albedo]] the alchemist. She tells you of Albedo's great talent as an alchemist and hopes that you can look for him in [[Dragonspine]] and help him out with some ongoing research.
|requirement   = Complete [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40, spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt (City)|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 17,050
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|8}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Barbara; Sucrose; Paimon; Rosaria; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Rumored Alchemist''' is the first part of [[Albedo]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Princeps Cretaceus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Traveler Observation Report]].

==Steps==
#Go to Mondstadt's alchemy store
#Speak to the young lady at the store
#Head to the entrance of Dragonspine
#Get close to the two people talking

==Notes==
*Speaking to Sucrose (Steps 1–2) is not required to complete the quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|You arrive at [[Timaeus]]' alchemy store in Mondstadt one day to stock up on adventuring supplies. But here, you encounter someone altogether unexpected...}}

;(Upon reaching Mondtadt's alchemy store)
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, looks like Timaeus isn't here today...
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''???:''' (Customers!?)
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh! Um... Pardon me, are you looking for Timaeus?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No no! Just strange for him to not be around. Paimon always sees him standing here.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I see. He was called away by Albedo a little while ago. I was called over to attend to the store.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm Sucrose, Albedo's assistant. If you have any alchemy-related queries, you could always ask me. I'd... do my best to help.
:{{DIcon}} Again, with confidence.
::{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 05a.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I... Actually, I'm not very good at this kind of thing.
:{{DIcon}} No need to be nervous.
::{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 05b.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Huh? D&mdash;Do I look nervous?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' M&mdash;My apologies, I don't get out too often. I'm usually in the laboratory, where there aren't many others to talk to.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' If you need any help, just call my name. If not, I'll... I'll be reading a book &mdash; over there. Mm.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, thanks! No worries, we're all clued up on the basics of alchemy, aren't we, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Mm-hmm, no need to trouble you.
:{{DIcon}} I... might need a refresher.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' (Traveler)... Hey, aren't you the legendary Traveler? The one who repelled Stormterror?
:{{DIcon}} "Legendary" is a bit much.
:{{DIcon}} And I don't even charge for autographs.
::{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 09b.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah! Thank you!
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I've heard so many stories about you! Always wanted an opportunity to research you up close!
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, what do you mean, "research"!?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah! Sorry, don't mind me, what am I saying...
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Still, you'd definitely be able to help Albedo. It is you after all.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's that name again! "Albedo." Is he also an alchemist in Mondstadt?
:{{DIcon}} Not a name I'm familiar with.
:{{DIcon}} Think I might have heard of him.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 13.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Apologies, I never introduced him. Albedo is the [[Knights of Favonius]]' Chief Alchemist. He's also Timaeus' and my teacher.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon's only ever seen Timaeus teaching alchemy. So that means... Albedo is a teacher-teacher?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 14.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yes, he's dedicated himself to investigating the truth of this world, and has made many an important breakthrough.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 15.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' We often get alchemists coming to Mondstadt from all over Teyvat, seeking his help. They say that the subtlest of guidance from Mr. Albedo helps them to solve the most unfathomable of problems.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon didn't know he was such a big deal!
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 16.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Mm-hmm. Still, it seems that he's encountered a problem in his research recently. Every time I see him, he has a concerned look on his face.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure someone as smart as him could use my help.
:{{DIcon}} My knowledge of alchemy stops at basic crafting.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 17.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm sure that Albedo would love to hear about your incredible exploits. I know it would bring him lots of new inspiration.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 18.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Albedo is a true gentleman. He'll be sure to pay you back in equal measure for helping him out.
:{{DIcon}} Can he make me stronger?
::{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 19a.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I don't see why not. Testing the limits of living beings' capabilities is one of Albedo's areas of research after all.
:{{DIcon}} Can he make Paimon stronger?
::{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, Paimon doesn't need any help in that department. But if Albedo wants to pay Paimon back for helping him, a few Mora might settle the score. Tee-hee!
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 20.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Albedo and Timaeus will be conducting research in the mountains right now. I'd love to take you both to see him, but somebody has to attend to the store.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 21.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm afraid you'll have to go to the entrance to the pass and look for him by yourselves. Look out for a refined gentleman with the presence of a true scholar, and... umm...
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 sucrose 22.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' ...Sorry, that's the best I can do. You'll have to do your best.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, stop worrying! We got this!
----
{{Quest Description|update|You arrive at Timaeus' alchemy store in Mondstadt one day to stock up on adventuring supplies. Here you encounter [[Sucrose]], assistant to [[Albedo]] the alchemist. She tells you of Albedo's great talent as an alchemist and hopes that you can look for him in [[Dragonspine]] and help him out with some ongoing research.}}

;(After speaking with Sucrose)
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sucrose is a whole lot less nervous once she gets talking about alchemy and research, huh. Is that what all researchers are like?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go and look for Albedo.

;(Talk to Sucrose again)
:{{A|vo dialog abdlq001 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' My apologies, I don't really know how else to describe him...
:{{A|vo dialog abdlq001 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' If I could sketch you his portrait I would, but my pencil strokes are no match for his.
----
;(Upon reaching the entrance of Dragonspine)
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 barbara 01.ogg}} '''[[Barbara]]:''' S&mdash;Sister [[Rosaria]], so here you are! Choir practice is about to&mdash;
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I've told you already, I don't go in for that kind of thing. I've got more important matters to attend to.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But... this event has commemorative significance. The church hopes that all sisters will be present...
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' "Hopes"!? That's odd, 'cause I don't recall a "fulfill the hopes of others" clause in my job description.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I&mdash; I mean sure, but...
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' But what? You're the event organizer, aren't you? Do you not find it the least bit odd...?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Wh&mdash;What do you mean?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' This far out from Mondstadt, at this hour? Even if you set out right now, I'll wager you'd still miss the opening ceremony.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Who knows? Maybe this is someone's grand plan to make a fool out of you.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh!? Th&mdash;That can't be! People aren't like that!
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hah! Evidence decides what people are like, not your feelings. *sigh* Maybe you're a little too trusting of other people.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Don't fret, nobody's gonna blame you if you go back empty-handed. I can't imagine anyone else was delusional enough to think I was gonna show up.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 08.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' But if you dally any longer, you really won't make it.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...You're right! It's a very important commemorative event. If I'm late, then... R&mdash;Right, I've got to get going!
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, seems like that sister's an expert in making people believe anything she wants.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 09.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I thought I heard something &mdash; who are you, and why are you eavesdropping?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd better watch out! She seems like a dangerous villain... Or a trickster at best.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 10.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Oh really? I'm a member of the long-standing [[Church of Favonius|Favonius Church]]. You're an eavesdropping pixie from who knows where, and you think I'M the trickster?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, she heard that!? But Paimon was whispering so quietly...
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 11.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' And as for this outlander you seem to be following... Huh &mdash; so it's you.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 12.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' The Honorary Knight that saved us from [[Stormterror]]. Well, then, given your status, I won't press you on your reasons for eavesdropping.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 13.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Otherwise, depending on your answer, I could've arrested you on the spot.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? Do the sisters of Mondstadt have the authority to arrest people now?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 14.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' We can't go turning a blind eye to hidden dangers can we? Why shouldn't Sisters have a sense of justice?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, that doesn't sound right. But Paimon can't think of a good comeback...
----
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 15.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Let's talk about you. What are you doing in the mountains?
:{{DIcon}} We're looking for Albedo.
:{{DIcon}} We're investigating the truth of this world.
::{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 16b 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' But you're only a traveler, I doubt you have any great skill in alchemy.
::{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 16b 2.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Whatever, I had a notion of who you were seeking.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 17.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' If it's him you're after, I made a point of noting his tracks.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 18.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Many people have made their way up after the snowstorm. Let's hope they're still there.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... are you also looking for him?
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 19.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' No, this is just a professional habit of mine. I sensed elemental traces in these tracks. Never hurts to be vigilant.
:{{DIcon}} As far as sisters go, you're fairly mysterious.
:{{DIcon}} You're more like a detective.
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 rosaria 20.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I couldn't care what you think. Come on then, I'd like to see what he's up to anyway.

;(After speaking to Rosaria)
:{{A|vo abdlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rosaria said there were elemental traces in the tracks. They should show up pretty clearly with Elemental Sight!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Rumored Alchemist
|zhs     = 传闻中的炼金术士
|zhs_rm  = Chuánwén Zhōng de Liànjīnshùshì
|zht     = 傳聞中的煉金術士
|zht_rm  = Chuánwén Zhōng de Liànjīnshùshì
|zh_tl   = The Alchemist of the Rumors
|ja      = 噂の錬金術師
|ja_rm   = Uwasa no Renkinjutsushi
|ja_tl   = The Rumored Alchemist
|ko      = 전설 속의 연금술사
|ko_rm   = Jeonseol Sok-ui Yeonggeumsulsa
|ko_tl   = The Alchemist of the Legends
|es      = El alquimista del que todo el mundo habla
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = L'alchimiste de la rumeur
|fr_tl   = The Alchemist of the Rumor
|ru      = Легендарный алхимик
|ru_tl   = The Legendary Alchemist
|th      = นักเล่นแร่แปรธาตุผู้เลื่องลือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thuật Sĩ Giả Kim Trong Truyền Thuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Berühmte Alchimist
|de_tl   = The Famous Alchemist
|id      = Alkemis yang Dibicarakan
|id_tl   = The Rumored Alchemist
|pt      = O Alquimista dos Rumores
|pt_tl   = The Alchemist of Rumors
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:El alquimista del que todo el mundo habla]]