{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 2.1]]
* Some lines of dialogue by Zhongli were changed.
** {{Color|Old:}} I witnessed the founding of Liyue together with the adepti three thousand seven hundred years ago.<br>{{Color|New:}} It is now 3,700 years ago that I founded Liyue together with the adepti.
** {{Color|Old:}} I was pleasantly surprised with the finale of the show that you all put on. Why, you even deserved an encore.<br>{{Color|New:}} In the end, the resolution to all that has transpired was even more satisfactory than I could have hoped for.
** {{Color|Old:}} The adepti deserve the greatest applause, considering their years of seclusion... They hardly recognized the city. Yet, faced with such a crisis, they exerted the greatest amount of restraint. Not only did they manage to cooperate with the Qixing, but in the end, they even tried to understand the heart of the people.<br>{{Color|New:}} Take the adepti, for instance. Owing to their years of seclusion, they were the least informed. Yet, when faced with a crisis, they, commendably, showed the greatest amount of restraint possible. Not only did they manage to co-operate with the Qixing, but in the end, they even made efforts to understand the hearts of the people.
** {{Color|Old:}} And hats off to the emissary dispatched by the Cryo Archon to fulfill our contract, Signora. She managed to keep everything she knew in strict confidence, far from the eavesdropping ears of her colleague, Childe, just as I had requested.<br>{{Color|New:}} Credit is also due to Signora, the emissary dispatched by the Cryo Archon to fulfill our contract. At my request, she kept everything she knew in strict confidence — this despite the eavesdropping ears of her colleague, Childe.
** {{Color|Old:}} All the while, I carried on as Zhongli and fulfilled the traditions of Liyue in this mortal form. Thank you for walking that path with me, Traveler.<br>{{Color|New:}} This meant I could remain as Zhongli, even having the chance to fulfill the age-old traditions of Liyue in this mortal form. Thank you for joining me on this journey, Traveler.
** {{Color|Old:}} These things were all a part of my script. The only unforeseen plot twist was the conduct of the Liyue Qixing.<br>{{Color|New:}} All of these things turned out as I had planned. There is only one thing that I had not anticipated... and that was the conduct of the Liyue Qixing.
** {{Color|Old:}} That is the case. And since Raiden is also the Shogun of {{Highlight|the Inazuma Bakufu}}, people call her the Raiden Shogun.<br>{{Color|New:}} That is the case. And since Raiden is also the Shogun of {{Highlight|Inazuma}}, people call her the Raiden Shogun.
** {{Color|Old:}} Yes. It was an order to seize all Visions within Inazuma's borders, and to inlay them upon the hands of {{Highlight|a statue of the Thousand-Armed, Hundred-Eyed God}}.<br>{{Color|New:}} Yes. It was an order to seize all Visions within Inazuma's borders, and to inlay them upon the hands of {{Highlight|the Statue of the Omnipresent God}}.
** {{Color|Old:}} "Seven ideals for seven gods, and of these, Eternity is nearest unto {{Highlight|Heaven}}."<br>{{Color|New:}} "Seven ideals for seven gods, and of these, Eternity is nearest unto {{Highlight|the Heavenly Principles}}."
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* The Fond Farewell was released.