{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book The Fall of the Faded Castle.png
|quality   = 3
|region_lore = Fontaine
|region_location = Fontaine
|volumes   = 3
|author    = 
|vol1      = [["The Rusty Rudder"]]
|vol2      = Sold by [[Hubel]]
|vol3      = Sold by Hubel
}}
'''The Fall of the Faded Castle''' is a [[Book Collection]] found in [[Fontaine]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|A poem penned by an author unknown. The writing style seems to give off a strange and ominous aura.}}
Once, in a dream, I saw a black ship.<br>
It sailed through dark night and bleak fog.<br>
The hull was rotten, the mast shattered,<br>
Yet in some perverse jest at human rationality,<br>
Each broken piece had been placed in some twisted way,<br>
Entwined together by the algae and seaweed that enveloped the vessel,<br>
Forming a dreadful dark shadow that shambled through the moonlight,<br>
That none could glimpse and not panic.<br>
Shift your gaze just a little, and in an instant,<br>
It shall appear again just before you.<br>
A tall and slim figure standing upon the deck,<br>
Wrapped in dark robes, its face barely seen.<br>
Only its eyes, those two cold eyes,<br>
Which can pierce your soul with a glance.<br>
Was that a monster that arose from the depths of the sea?<br>
A lord returned from some ancient world?<br>
Or perhaps the nightmare itself?

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|A poem penned by an author unknown. The writing style seems to give off a strange and ominous aura.}}
By the banks of the [[Fontaine|world's purest lake]],<br>
There once stood a [[Faded Castle|glistening castle]].<br>
Gold leaf and gems decorated its walls,<br>
And it shone blinding in the post-noon sun.<br>
Pretty banners and flags flew from the roof,<br>
While majestic towers soared alongside.<br>
Guests from afar peered through colorful windows,<br>
And marveled at the wonders every step revealed.<br>
Yet none was more marvelous than the many [[Praetorian Golem|statues]],<br>
Odd in form but as real as life.<br>
In the center of the hall sat a golden stage,<br>
Where musicians played day and night for the castle's [[Boethius|master]].<br>
As the music sounded, listeners flocked like swarming [[Phobos|bees]],<ref group="Note">The original Chinese text ({{zh|利魔世当优美的乐声响起,金色的蜂群也会萦绕在舞台周
围,}}), translates literally to "When beautiful music sounds, golden bees will
swarm around the stage."</ref><br>
To dance in time with the beat that seemed to captivate the entire world.<br>
The wine flowed never-ending to sate the thirst for revelry.<br>
All could partake, no matter their class or their homeland,<br>
But none of this could ease the master's fears,<br>
Or bring his troubled soul a moment of peace.<br>
And each time the tower's clock struck its deep midnight chime,<br>
He would be possessed by an uncontrollable panic,<br>
Trapped by his fears and his gloom.<br>
The dark-robed figure would surely collect on debts owed,<br>
And all before his eyes would be turned into dust,<br>
The souls of his guests, and his own, included,<br>
As tribute to that [[Remuria|dark, ancient world]].

==Vol. 3==
{{Description|A poem penned by an author unknown. The writing style seems to give off a strange and ominous aura.}}
At first, all was still, apart from the curtains in the breeze,<br>
And the faint sounds of animals chewing, echoing through the walls of some unknown place.<br>
Then, an odd rasping laugh erupted from an empty room,<br>
A nameless horror spreading in the dark.<br>
Then, with terrible thunder and storm,<br>
A glowing red fog-cloud,<br>
Embraced the castle just like a shroud.<br>
On the castle's great central stage, a tall thin figure did appear,<br>
A dark spirit in black robes, arriving at last.<br>
The guests, a moment ago enjoying their revels,<br>
Fell to the floor one by one,<br>
Bereft of time even to scream.<br>
The master sat shivering and still on his throne,<br>
His soul also snatched by the dark.<br>
Amid the roar of brick and tile hitting the ground,<br>
The castle's glory faded into the past,<br>
Swallowed by glimmering waves.<br>
The blood moon the towers once blocked reappeared in the sky,<br>
Its baleful glow sweeping the land.<br>
And today, by the banks of the world's purest lake,<br>
The [[Nostoi Region|water]] reflects the long-fallen, faded castle.<br>
The joy and brilliance that once lit its halls,<br>
Consigned to legends and dreams.<br>
The ruins lie suffocated in the gloom.<br>
Through shattered windows, statues appear as like to monsters,<br>
Who with the discordant tune that played sank with the castle into the sea.<br>
There is nothing there now, bar darkness, death, and loss.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Fall of the Faded Castle
|zhs     = 褪色古堡的崩塌
|zhs_rm  = Tuìsè Gǔbǎo de Bēngtā
|zht     = 褪色古堡的崩塌
|zht_rm  = Tùnsè Gǔbǎo de Bēngtā
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 色褪せた古城の倒壊
|ja_rm   = Iroaseta Kojou no Toukai
|ja_tl   = The Collapse of the Faded Castle
|ko      = 빛바랜 고성의 붕괴
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El derrumbe del Castillo Apagado
|es_tl   = The Collapse of the Faded Castle
|fr      = L'effondrement du château fané
|fr_tl   = The Collapse of the Faded Castle
|ru      = Разрушение обветшалого замка
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การล่มสลายของปราสาทที่ซีดจาง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự Sụp Đổ Của Thành Cổ Phai Nhạt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Zusammenbruch eines verblassenden alten Schlosses
|de_tl   = The Collapse of a Faded Old Castle
|id      = Runtuhnya Kastil yang Pudar
|id_tl   = The Fall of the Faded Castle
|pt      = O Colapso do Castelo Antigo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Solgun Kale'nin Düşüşü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il crollo del Castello Sbiadito
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Fontaine}}

[[es:El derrumbe del castillo apagado]]
[[fr:L'effondrement du château fané]]
[[ru:Разрушение обветшалого замка]]
[[vi:Sự Sụp Đổ Của Thành Cổ Phai Nhạt]]