{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19004
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|description   = To make some Chilibrew, Barbara has asked you to look for some fresh Jueyun Chilis near the Stone Gate.
|startLocation = [[Stone Gate]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = The Church's Affairs
|next          = Knight and Deaconess, Ready for Battle!
|characters    = Barbara; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The First Chilibrew Ingredient''' is the first quest of the [[The Church's Affairs]] branch of [[Barbara]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Wellspring of Healing]].

==Steps==
# Head near the Stone Gate
# Collect [[Fresh Jueyun Chili]]
# Meet Barbara in the Whispering Woods
# Search for Barbara
# Talk to Barbara

==Dialogue==
===Barbara's Home-Made Chilibrew===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Head near the Stone Gate)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over there, Jueyun Chilis! Quick, let's go and pick some.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These are fresh alright, Paimon can feel the spiciness just by holding them...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go to the Whispering Woods and find Barbara.
;(Wait for Barbara outside the Whispering Woods)
: {{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This seems like the right place, but Barbara isn't here...
: {{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, let's wait here a while, she'll probably be back soon.
;(Continue to [[#A Meeting Mysteriously Missed|A Meeting Mysteriously Missed]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Meeting Mysteriously Missed===
'''The Traveler and Paimon begin to wait'''
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, it's been ages, where in Teyvat did she go...?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little worried...
:: {{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's worried too, Barbara should have been back by now.
:{{DIcon}} Let's look for her.
: {{A|vo bblcop001 1900401 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She said she wanted to go to the Whispering Woods and pick Sweet Flowers &mdash; let's head over there.

;(Search for Barbara inside the Whispering Woods)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900404 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's not here either... Where the heck is she already? ...Let's look further up ahead.

;(Talk to Barbara at the other end of the Whispering Woods)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900405 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, that's Barbara! Why is she hiding? Let's see what's going on.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Wh&mdash;? How did you two... Quickly, this way, try not to make a sound.
:{{DIcon}} We thought something might have happened, so we came looking for you.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, I'm so sorry, I ran into something unexpected... *sigh* There's no heading back now...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Long story short... I was picking Sweet Flowers, and suddenly a group of Treasure Hoarders appeared.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' They'd seized a merchant of some kind and were pushing her around. It sounded like they were demanding money from her...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I took cover right away, but I've been trailing them ever since.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I guess they were too caught up with the merchant to notice me.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I followed them this far, but it seemed like they knew somebody was following them, so I didn't go any further.
:{{DIcon}} That was risky, what if you'd been discovered?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Don't worry about me, they're only Treasure Hoarders after all. Anyways, I've got a Vision, it's enough to protect myself.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' As for the person they seized... they might be in danger. That's why I was secretly trailing them.
:{{DIcon}} Best to go back and get the Knights of Favonius involved.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 10.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 11.ogg}}--> '''Barbara:''' I thought of getting the Knights involved, but I was worried it would take too long... What if the Treasure Hoarders did something terrible while I was gone...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I was trying to think of some way of rescuing the merchant when you showed up.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' So... Honorary Knight, maybe you could, uh...
:{{DIcon}} Say no more, I'm sure these Treasure Hoarders will respond well to a little "direct intervention."
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Yay! I'll leave it to you, Honorary Knight. I'll handle the aftercare.
:{{DIcon}} I try to refrain from intervening too directly whenever possible.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh.. B&mdash;But sometimes &mdash; I mean &mdash; for some people, it's hard to persuade them without, you know... "direct intervention."
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900402 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Please, Honorary Knight, it's up to you. I'll handle the aftercare.
;(Continue to [[Knight and Deaconess, Ready for Battle!]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The First Chilibrew Ingredient
|zhs     = 辣味饮料的原料之一
|zhs_rm  = Làwèi Yǐnliào de Yuánliào zhī Yī
|zht     = 辣味飲料的原料之一
|zht_rm  = Làwèi Yǐnliào de Yuánliào zhī Yī
|zh_tl   = One of the Ingredients of the Spicy Drink
|ja      = スパイシードリンクの材料その一
|ja_rm   = Supaishii Dorinku no Zairyou Sono Ichi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The First Spicy Drink Ingredient
|ko      = 매운 음료의 원재료・첫 번째
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El primer ingrediente de la bebida picante
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Grog pimenté, 1er ingrédient
|fr_tl   = Spicy {{w|Grog}}, 1st Ingredient
|ru      = Главный ингредиент пряного напитка
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ส่วนผสมอย่างแรกของ Chilibrew
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The First Chilibrew Ingredient
|vi      = Thành phần thứ nhất của Đồ Uống Cay
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die erste Zutat für Chili-Gebräu
|de_tl   = The First Chilibrew Ingredient
|id      = Bahan Pertama Chilibrew
|id_tl   = The First Chilibrew Ingredient
|pt      = Primeiro Ingrediente da Bebida Picante
|pt_tl   = First Ingredient of the of the Spicy Drink
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}