{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71803
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Star Approaches]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Mora*20,000;Guide to Prosperity*2;Guide to Diligence*2;Guide to Gold*2
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 190
|characters    = Traveler; Paimon; Lan; Ash
}}
'''''The Adventurers' Guild's Affairs''''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].
==Steps==
# Talk to [[Lan]]
# Defeat the [[Stonehide Lawachurl]]
# Bring [[Ash]] to Lan

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Lan]] seems to be fretting over some of the commissions that the [[Adventurers' Guild]] has undertaken...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Lan:''' Ugh, these commissions again?
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Lan:''' Oh, it's you... I was just looking through the various commissions that have come in to the Guild.
:'''Lan:''' But honestly, they're getting more mundane by the day.
:'''Lan:''' Ever since the Qixing have taken control of Liyue Harbor, the scope of the Millelith's duties has been expanding slowly.
:'''Lan:''' Lately, people seem to prefer approaching the Millelith to help out with tougher commissions, as opposed to asking us.
:'''Lan:''' The commissions we've got now are all things like looking for lost animals, transporting cargo, delivering letters- you know, the like.
:'''Lan:''' Like this one over here...
:'''Lan:''' "Our Ash's gotten lost out in the wild. It's a {{Color|buzzword|gray cat}} with the following features..."
:'''Lan:''' Commissions such as these take time and effort, but they're... Never mind.
:'''Lan:''' I'm not one to be overly involved in day to day administration of the Guild, but I can't just let us be swamped by these commissions.
:'''Lan:''' In order to get people to trust in our ability and assign us more important work...
:'''Lan:''' ...I believe that we must hammer out some commissions of greater difficulty.
:'''Lan:''' There was a commission that came in not long ago from someone who wanted us to deal with a wandering Stonehide Lawachurl.
:'''Lan:''' It's been shelved for the moment due to a lack of candidates who can take that creature down, but if you're up for it, why don't you help us settle this matter?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Lan:''' Great. We're counting on you, then &mdash; I'll remain here and continue selecting commissions.
::'''Lan:''' If we had more adventurers as capable as you around, we wouldn't have this problem...
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any other commissions?
::'''Lan:''' I do but those are all a bunch of trivial, menial tasks, all of which I still have to sort through. We'll just have to leave the Stonehide Lawachurl to you.
::'''Lan:''' If we had more adventurers as capable as you around, we wouldn't have this problem...

;(Talk to Lan again)
::'''Lan:''' {{Color|buzzword|Ash}}, huh... The description is detailed enough, sure, but it's not going to be easy finding a cat that's lost out in he<!--in-game misspelling--> wild.
----
;(Upon approaching the Stonehide Lawachurl)
:'''Paimon:''' It's a Stonehide Lawachurl! Let's take him down!

;(While fighting it)
:'''Strange Sound:''' Meow... Meeeow...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is it just Paimon, or do you hear a... meowing sound?

;(After defeating the Stonehide Lawachurl)
:'''Paimon:''' Well that's it for the Stonehide Lawachurl! Let's report back to Lan.
:;(Scene jumps to the Traveler looking at a gray cat)
:'''Curious Cat:''' Meow...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why would there be a cat here?
:'''Curious Cat:''' Meow... Meeeow...
:{{DIcon}} A gray cat...
::'''Paimon:''' A gray cat, lost in the wild...
::'''Paimon:''' Ah, Lan mentioned a commission to look for a gray cat. Maybe this is the one! Paimon remembers that it was called Ash or something like that...
::'''Paimon:''' Who'd have thought that we'd find it here... Has it been hiding around here all this time?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's Ash...
::'''Paimon:''' A gray cat, lost in the wild...
::'''Paimon:''' You're right! Lan mentioned that commission earlier, didn't she? Huh. Who'd have thought that we'd find that cat here... Has it been hiding around here all this time?
:'''Paimon:''' Guess the Stonehide Lawachurl prevented anyone from searching for it here, and since it was too scared to leave, it just hid.
:'''Paimon:''' Sure is lucky that we came over, or it might've had to wait for a while longer, huh?
:'''Ash:''' Meow... Meow, Meow!
:{{DIcon}} Meow... Meeeow...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, what are you doing? Paimon doesn't think it understands what you're saying anyway...
::'''Paimon:''' Let's just bring it back to Lan, and let her return it to the person who put the commission up.
:{{DIcon}} Let's take the cat back to Lan.
::'''Paimon:''' Yup, guess that's all we can do right now. She'll return it to the person who put that commission up.
:'''Ash:''' Meow... Meow! Meow!
:{{DIcon}} Meow... Meow! Meow!
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, come on! It's not going to understand you no matter how hard you try to copy it. Let's just bring it with us already.
:{{DIcon}} It seems to agree with us.
::'''Paimon:''' How did you even&mdash; never mind. Let's just bring it back to Lan.
----
;(Return to Lan)
:'''Lan:''' Have you defeated the Stonehide Lawachurl?
:{{DIcon}} Sure did.
::'''Lan:''' Thanks, you've done us a favor. With this commission under our belt, we'll have no problems proving the Guild's ability.
:{{DIcon}} We defeated it, and we also found Ash...
::'''Lan:''' Thanks, you've done us a fav&mdash; say what now?
;(Ash sits on the counter of the Adventurers' Guild kiosk)
:'''Ash:''' Meow, meow... Meow?
:'''Lan:''' This cat is...
:{{DIcon}} It might be Ash.
:'''Lan:''' Give me a moment, let me check its features against the list of features written down in the commission.
:'''Lan:''' Let's see...
:'''Lan:''' It mostly checks out. This seems to be the cat we're looking for.
:{{DIcon}} The commissioner should be pleased.
:'''Lan:''' Hah. After all those twists and turns, we came right back to looking for lost cats.
:'''Lan:''' I'm really not sure what to say...
:'''Lan:''' I'll report these commissions to their commissioners. Thank you very much &mdash; please accept this as compensation for doing us this favor.
:'''Lan:''' Hmm, it seems that the commissioner for the cat-related commission has since moved. It'll take some time to contact them.
:'''Lan:''' Guess I'll just have to take care of this rascal in the meantime.
:'''Ash:''' Meow-meow, meow!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Adventurers' Guild's Affairs
|zhs     = 冒险家协会的诸多事宜
|zhs_rm  = Màoxiǎnjiā Xiéhuì de Zhūduō Shìyí
|zht     = 冒險家協會的諸多事宜
|zht_rm  = Màoxiǎnjiā Xiéhuì de Zhūduō Shìyí
|zh_tl   = The Many Affairs of the Adventurers' Guild
|ja      = 冒険者協会の数々な事情
|ja_rm   = Boukensha Kyoukai no Kazukazuna Jijou
|ja_tl   = The Adventurers' Guild's Various Affairs
|ko      = 모험가 길드의 업무
|ko_rm   = Moheomga Gildeu-ui Eopmu
|ko_tl   = The Works of Adventurers' Guild
|es      = Los asuntos del Gremio de Aventureros
|es_tl   = The Affairs of the Adventurers' Guild
|fr      = Affaires de la Guilde des aventuriers
|fr_tl   = Affairs of the Adventurers' Guild
|ru      = Множество дел Гильдии искателей приключений
|ru_tl   = Multitude of Affairs of The Adventurers' Guild
|th      = งานทั้งหลายของกิลด์นักผจญภัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hiệp Hội Nhà Mạo Hiểm Nhiều Việc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Angelegenheiten der Abenteurergilde
|de_tl   = The Adventurers's Guild's Affairs
|id      = Masalah di Adventurers' Guild
|id_tl   = Problems in Adventurers' Guild
|pt      = Muitos Assuntos da Guilda de Aventureiros
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Maceracılar Loncasının İşleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Gli incarichi della Gilda degli avventurieri
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[de:Die Angelegenheiten der Abenteurergilde]]
[[es:Los asuntos del Gremio de Aventureros]]
[[ja:冒険者協会の数々な事情]]