{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14001
|image         = Story Quest The Magician's Secret.png
|type          = Story
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
|chapter       = Felis Fuscus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Forgotten Thief
|character     = Lyney
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais]], [[Fontaine]]
|prev          = The Phantom Thief's Reappearance
|next          = The Truest Thing
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*750;Mora*44,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10
|characters    = "Painter" De Niro; "Smoothface" Paccino; Baltasar; Bruno; Dolora; Edmondo; Gracia; Jemma; Juliano; Lorenzo; Lori; Lynette; Lyney; Paimon; Traveler
|part          = 2
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Magician's Secret''''' is the second part of {{Quest|The Forgotten Thief}}.

==Steps==
# Wait till the next morning (8:00 - 12:00)
# Rendezvous with [[Lyney]]
# Talk to [[Lorenzo]] at the hotel
# Find [[Edmondo]]
# Get out of the city and lure out the people tailing you
# Defeat the people tailing you {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*4/appearing as [["Smoothface" Paccino]], [["Painter" De Niro]], and the two other unnamed men}}
# Inform [[Jemma]] of what happened
# Enter Cesar's workshop
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Magic Workshop]]
# Explore the workshop
# Continue deeper within
# Clear out the malfunctioning machines
# Solve the magical puzzle
# Investigate the hidden room
# Rendezvous with Lyney 
# Defeat Lorenzo's men
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*4/appearing as [["Smoothface" Paccino]], [["Painter" De Niro]], and the two other unnamed men;Recon Log Mek*1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Construction Specialist Mek*1}}
# Leave the workshop
# Explain the situation to Lynette and Jemma

==Gameplay Notes==
* During steps 6, 9 through 11, and 15, Lyney will join the party as a trial character.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->
|wl                      = 5, 8
<!-- Character -->
|character_name          = Lyney
|weapon_name             = The First Great Magic

<!-- WL 5 -->
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 8 <!-- including constellation -->
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5 
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5

|hp5                     = 18,645
|atk5                    = 1,763
|def5                    = 499
|em5                     = 92
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 66.2%
|crit_dmg5               = 206.5%

<!-- WL 8 -->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 11 <!-- including constellation -->
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8 
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 23,977
|atk8                    = 2,068
|def8                    = 650
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 76.3%
|crit_dmg8               = 198.1%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Lyney and you agreed to meet outside Hotel Debord. Go meet him at the appointed time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Lyney)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Over here.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lynette's not joining us today?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I've had her follow Jemma and see if we can make any inroads with her. They should be at a cafe right now.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Still... I don't think that Jemma's likely to open up to us. *sigh* So we need a contingency plan.
:{{DIcon}} What should we do?
:{{DIcon}} Where should we start?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Today, we'll be looking into a guy named Lorenzo, Cesar's former pupil and assistant.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' When Cesar passed away, all the stolen goods discovered in his home were confiscated and returned to their rightful owners. But Lorenzo was the only one privy to all his magic secrets, and he inherited his craft.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Before long, Lorenzo was the next big magician in town, his fame surpassing even that of his master, and it made him very wealthy. He's since left the magic scene though, and these days, he's a wealthy businessman with his fingers in a lot of different pies.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 1 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I had to pull a lot of strings, but I managed to get him to agree to a couple of drinks with me. Be warned, though &mdash; I hear he's got a hair-trigger temper. We'd best be careful.

;(Talk to Jemma or Lynette at Café Lucerne, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 gemma 01.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' ...Lynette? Fancy meeting you here.
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 gemma 02.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' Can I get you something to drink?
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' No need.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The next person you're going to investigate is Lorenzo, Cesar's former pupil. Hopefully, he will have some useful information.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Lorenzo in Hotel Debord)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 01.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' You neglected to mention that you were bringing two other people with you.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 01b.ogg}}--> '''Lyney:''' My apologies, these two are my assistants. When they heard that I was meeting with the former magic maestro himself, they begged and pleaded with me to bring them along... Um, and if it's no trouble, a couple of autographs would really make their day...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 02.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Hmph. Forget the pleasantries. Just sit.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Get a load of this guy... "Forget the pleasantries," he says, but he looks pretty happy about Lyney stroking his ego...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 03.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' I only agreed to meet since we're both magicians. Do me a favor and cut to the chase &mdash; I have more important things to do than drinking.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Much obliged, Sir. As it happens, the matter I want to address is also related to magic.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Yesterday morning, a warning letter from The Phantom Weasel appeared on the entrance to the opera house. He claims to be planning something for the same evening that I'm scheduled to do a magic show there. As such, I believe that I may well be his target.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I have to get to the bottom of this to ensure that my show can go ahead as planned. Naturally, any investigation into The Weasel starts with a few questions about Cesar, who&mdash;
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 04.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' What is there to investigate?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 05.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Cesar was The Weasel, and he's been dead for ten years. So what if some sick creep thought it'd be funny to write a warning letter? It changes nothing! Are you trying to tell me you actually bought it?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Please, Sir, no need to get so worked up. I do concede that a copycat is but one possibility...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 06.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Possibility? It's a fact, Lyney. Look, my patience is limited, so listen carefully while I'm still willing to put up with you.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 07.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' The Weasel is dead, period. Everyone knows that. So do yourself a favor, and quit this investigation &mdash; it'll lead you nowhere. Look, if this affects your magic show in any way, I will personally compensate you for any losses.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh... Sir, I'm... honored, really, but this isn't about finances for me.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' My pride as a magician is what's at stake here, Lorenzo. Copycat or not, this person has thrown me the gauntlet &mdash; and I must meet their challenge head-on.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 08.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Your pride? Hah! Don't mince words with me, boy. Just tell me, what exactly are you seeking to do?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I want to find out The Phantom Weasel's true identity. I have to know for myself what really happened ten years ago.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 09.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' What would that accomplish? And what do the events of ten years ago have to do with you, anyway? Look, you of all people should know that a magician never reveals their secrets &mdash; and in any case, dead men don't talk. So if you really care about your magician's pride, then you'll forget about Cesar and move on.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, this is getting awkward...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 edmondo 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Lorenzo? Is that&mdash; It is you! I know that big... booming voice anywhere. What's up, my man? Wanna grab a drink with me?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 10.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Another day. I'm busy.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 edmondo 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah, come on, you can't be all business all the... time. You know what they say, live fast, die... young. You gotta learn how to kick back and relax once in a while.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 11.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' If I wanted your life advice, I'd ask for it. Now, get out of my face and go be drunk somewhere else.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Sorry, my good sir, I don't believe I've had the pleasure...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 edmondo 03.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Oh, hey. I'm Edmondo. He and I are business pals, we've worked together a bunch of times.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 edmondo 04.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' This your first time meeting him? He's always like this &mdash; foul-mouthed and hard-nosed. Never heard a kind word outta this guy the whole time I've known him.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 edmondo 05.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' And he wonders why he can't get a girlfriend, despite being... what, pushing forty? Thirty-something, anyway &mdash; the point is, a lot older than when he first got rejected by the girl he was into... and is still into, from what I hear...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 12.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Shut up, and get out of my face. Another word out of you, and you can forget about doing business with me ever again. Do I make myself clear?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 edmondo 06.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 edmondo 07.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Haha... Sorry, I may have had a liiiiittle too much to drink... Alright, I'm gonna leave. Don't work too hard.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 13.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' I think it's high time I made a move as well. If you really want to investigate this, Lyney, be my guest.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lorenzo 14.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' But if nothing good comes of it, don't say I didn't warn you.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 11.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Well, that fell to pieces in a rather spectacular fashion... Any thoughts?
:{{DIcon}} There's something strange about him.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Totally. And what was all that about compensating you for your losses? Why would someone you've just met make an offer like that?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's gotta be hiding something... And not like Jemma. She was little suspicious, but this guy's definitely covering something up.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I think so too. We need to look into Lorenzo more closely.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 2 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' That guy Edmondo seems to know a thing or two about him. He only just left &mdash; let's see if we can catch up with him.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Lorenzo stormed out of the room. Might Edmondo have any useful information?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Edmondo)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 01.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Ugh... *cough*...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You okay there?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 02.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Uhh... Who are you?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 03.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Oh... You guys. Don't worry about me, I must've had one too many... Just need to ride it out.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 04.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' I said waaay too much back there, didn't I? Nearly talked myself into complete financial ruin... Note to self: No more drunken chats when Lorenzo's around.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So he was serious about threatening to cut you off? Ugh, Paimon knew he was a bad egg!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 05.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Hey, hey, hey! Keep your voice down!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 06.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Don't go prying into Lorenzo's personal affairs... Bad things happen to people who ask too many questions or make an enemy out of him.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' What kind of bad things?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 07.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' Don't even ask. I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to cut this conversation short. I'm not crossing that line again.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 08.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' And take it from me: Trouble with Lorenzo is one thing you don't need in your life. You saw him flare up back there &mdash; I don't know what you said to him, but clearly it touched a nerve.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 edmondo 09.ogg}} '''Edmondo:''' That's not a good sign. You're too young for this &mdash; don't get in over your head. I'm leaving.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And there he goes... What do we do now, Lyney?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Shhh. I think we're being watched. Someone was listening in to our whole conversation.
:;(A suited man with sunglasses can be seen in the background)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 3 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Don't say anything, and don't look back. Any altercation in the city will attract the [[Garde]]s... We'd better take this elsewhere.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Someone's been tailing you. Go outside the city and deal with them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location near Marcotte Station)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You've followed us a long way. Why don't you come out and introduce yourselves?
:;(Four suited men with sunglasses approach)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 paccinosmoothface 01.ogg}} '''"Smoothface" Paccino:''' So you're Lyney? And where's your sister, ain't she with you today?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 paccinosmoothface 02.ogg}} '''"Smoothface" Paccino:''' Save us the trouble and go fetch her for us. Let's not drag this out.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't like the tone of your voice, mister! Who sent you, huh?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 deneropainter 01.ogg}} '''"Painter" De Niro:''' Save your questions, missy. You ain't gonna need answers where you're goin', capiche?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' *sigh* Looks like we can't avoid this fight.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Now, I'm not the strongest fighter, so I hope you're ready to back me up.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we got this!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 paccinosmoothface 01.ogg}} '''"Smoothface" Paccino:''' Curses! They're tougher than we thought...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 deneropainter 01.ogg}} '''"Painter" De Niro:''' Vision-wielders are always trouble! Intimidation ain't gonna work like it did on the lady...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 paccinosmoothface 02.ogg}} '''"Smoothface" Paccino:''' C'mon! Let's scram!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, wise guys! We ain't through with you yet...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grr, they got away! Did you catch what they said just before they left? Something about intimidating someone else?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like they just wanted to rough us up as a scare-tactic... and they've already done it to someone else. But who?
:{{DIcon}} Could it be Jemma?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right! She was injured when we saw her yesterday, and she acted like she had something to hide...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe she was too scared to tell us the truth because those guys had threatened her.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hmm... Well if that's the case, she should be more willing to open up to us once she learns that those thugs won't be bothering her anymore.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 5 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Let's head back to the cafe and see if we can get any information from her.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The thugs have also threatened a certain "lady." Could that be Jemma?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Jemma and Lynette)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 01.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jemma?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 02.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' You again... What is it this time?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just ran into the men who've been threatening you... And we gave 'em a taste of their own medicine.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you can relax now. We're here to protect you!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 03.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' What? Why?&nbsp;...I didn't tell you anything. Why would they come after you?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hmm. Sounds like they're no strangers to you.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 04.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 05.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' That's putting it mildly. I know them all too well... and I hate them with every fiber of my being.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 06.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' It's been ten long years... And still, every time I try to look into Cesar's death, they show up and warn me not to "do anything stupid"...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 07.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' ...How do I know I can trust you? Do you really think you can get to the bottom of it all? And... Why are you doing this?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm afraid I can't reveal all the details just yet, but I can promise you this &mdash; I will expose The Phantom Weasel's true identity.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Because you see, this is a personal matter of the utmost importance. I give you my word. Trust me.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 08.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' ...Okay. How can I help you?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I've heard that Cesar used to have a magic workshop where he kept a lot of his personal effects. If possible, I'd like to take a look at them.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Do you know where it is?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 09.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' The Fleuve Cendre. But the place was sealed up by the police after his death, and no one's been there since.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 gemma 10.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' I also know that The Fleuve Cendre is dangerous territory &mdash; lots of hostile groups lurking around. If you're serious about going there... please be careful.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Understood. Lynette, you stay here and take care of Jemma. Don't let her come to harm.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Got it. But if I'm staying here, I'm ordering dessert...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I mean... bon appetit, but stay sharp too. They're likely to come for you while I'm away.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 6 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Kay... Alright, power-saving mode off. I'll start taking this more seriously now.

;(Talk to Lynette, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' With me here, nothing will happen.

;(Talk to Jemma, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 gemma 03.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' Whatever you do... Please be careful.
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 gemma 04.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' If anything happens to you because you're investigating Cesar, I'll never be able to forgive myself...

----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Jemma told you where Cesar's workshop is. With any luck, you might find something useful there.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lnlq002 7 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' If Jemma gave us the right location, then the workshop should be right nearby... Huh, looks like these boxes are blocking the entrance. Let's shift them away first.
:{{Black Screen|You help Lyney move the boxes aside. It looks like no one's been here in a long time...}}
:{{A|vo lnlq002 7 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' There we go! It should be just down here.

;(Enter Magic Workshop and take the moving platform)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this was Cesar's workshop...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nothing suspicious here, just normal magic props... Let's head in further!

;(Approach the door)
:;(A [[Leisurely Otter]]-shaped puppet pops out)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek! What was that!?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, is this one of Cesar's gadgets? Guess we must've triggered some sorta device...
:;Attack the puppets when they pop out to secure them in place

;(After defeating the Meks)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, look! The doll in the box is glowing!

;(Attack either doll)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's something written on the card on this doll. Let's take a closer look!

:;(Interact with Wishlist on the left, optional)
::'''Wishlist:''' "I'd like a little dove."
::'''Wishlist:''' "I want a robot with cool powers!"
::'''Wishlist:''' Note: You need your parents' permission to own a pet, and you also need to take good care of it.
::'''Wishlist:''' I've brought a fluffy toy dove for you this time. If you're ready to own a pet, I'll make a real dove appear for you next time. &mdash; Cesar

:;(Interact with Wishlist on the right, optional)
::'''Wishlist:''' "I want a bucket of fried chicken that never runs out."
::'''Wishlist:''' "I'd like a new bag."
::'''Wishlist:''' Note: There is no such thing as fried chicken that never runs out, just as there's no such thing as children who never grow up.
::'''Wishlist:''' Also, eating too much fried food is bad for you. Make sure to pair it with something healthy, like a salad, alright? &mdash; Cesar

;(If the player walks up stairs west of the elevator)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we've reached the end of this route. Shall we try a different one?

;(Interact with either mechanism)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... These magic boxes are moving... What do we do?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 17 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' One of them looks different from the rest. Let's investigate.

;(If the player shoots a wrong doll)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it! We're supposed to find the box that lit up at the start, right?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There should be another wishlist inside. Let's keep trying.

;(Interact with Wishlist on the left after shooting it, optional))
:'''Wishlist:''' "I wish my parents would get back together."
:'''Wishlist:''' "I wish for good grades in my next exam."
:'''Wishlist:''' "I wish for my little sister to have a normal life free of danger."
:'''Wishlist:''' Note: I want you to know that you can always share your troubles with me, children. But some wishes need more than magic to make them come true &mdash; they need the power of your hard work.
:'''Wishlist:''' I wish you the best of luck, and hope that all of your wishes will come true. &mdash; Cesar

;(Interact with Wishlist on the right after shooting it, optional))
:'''Wishlist:''' "When do we get to go to your wedding, Uncle Cesar?"
:'''Wishlist:''' "I wanna watch your shows even when I'm grown up, Uncle Cesar!"
:'''Wishlist:''' "Do you have to go on tour? Can't you stay here with us, Uncle Cesar?"
:'''Wishlist:''' Note: Oh my... This round of wishes has rather exceeded my expectations. The wedding will be held very soon, and don't worry, you're all invited!
:'''Wishlist:''' The tour has already been scheduled, but I will definitely be back. And you'll always be welcome at my shows if you like magic. &mdash; Cesar

;(Walk to the end of the hallway)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's weird. Have we reached the end already?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's nothing here. Maybe this was a wasted trip...
:{{DIcon}} Lyney, what're you looking at?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' This place seems a little too ordinary for a magician's workshop. There's a distinct lack of mystery.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' We've triggered quite a few devices on the way here. I'm starting to wonder whether Cesar built this whole place as one big, elaborate magic contraption.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' If so, then there must be more to this place than meets the eye. Maybe a hidden room somewhere.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Aha. If I just move this book, then hopefully... and, presto!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A secret passageway! How did you know?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm a magician too. And apparently, great minds really do think alike.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 20 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Looks pretty big inside. Let's head in and take a look around.

;(Defeat the two [[Nimble Harvester Mek]]s)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why've you stopped, Lyney? Is there some device in that box?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 21 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Huh... It just looks familiar, somehow. Lemme check this out for a second while you guys go on ahead.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 21 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' If anyone makes a major discovery, let's rendezvous here.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 21 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright. See ya in a bit!

;(Talk to Lyney, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The placement of this device inside... Hmm, if I remember correctly...

;(If the player steps on activated magic step)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, seems like we can't step on the same tile twice. Guess we've gotta finish it in one run, huh?

;(Approach the hidden room)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 23 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, there's a hidden room here!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 23 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see... This bookcase is full of Cesar's own notes. He wrote a lot about the principles of magic... Whew, much too advanced for Paimon!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 23 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look! Is that Cesar's diary on the table?

;(Interact with Cesar's Diary)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This book's thick as a brick... Let's take a peek inside it, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} About the Wishlists...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01a 1.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' At one of my shows a few days ago, a child asked me how I pulled candy out of my hat.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01a 2.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' As a joke, I told the kid that the hat has a built-in wish-granting machine... Next thing I know, today a whole bunch of kids were pestering me to pull all sorts of things out of the hat...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01a 3.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' So I told them another white lie: "The machine needs time to power up, but in the meantime, you can write your wishes down." Well, they took me up on that offer enthusiastically... As I write this, I've only just got back from running around all over town, buying the things they wanted. Boy, are my legs sore...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01a 4.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' I wound up saving very little this month, but that's not a major issue. I now have a bigger problem: How am I going to hide all these things inside my hat...?
:;(Return to selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the Children Studying Magic...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01b 1.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' Two children came to talk to me after today's show. I don't know why they were out on their own &mdash; they looked much too young to be unsupervised. I do hope they got home safely.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01b 2.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' Anyway, they said that they wanted me to teach them how to do magic. It's not uncommon for children to ask this, of course, but I've never seen any of them as serious about it as these two.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01b 3.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' I told them that learning magic is very hard work, but that didn't faze them at all &mdash; it's like they already knew. They seemed so committed... I couldn't turn them down.
:;(Return to selection)
:{{DIcon}} About Lorenzo's Issues...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01c 1.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' It seems like something's bothering Lorenzo lately, but he won't open up to me about it.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01c 2.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' Surely, he's not upset that I agreed to teach those two children? I'll have to talk him around...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01c 3.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' I have a good feeling about those kids. They're naturally talented, and it seems like they're not new to the world of magic.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01c 4.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' They have all sorts of fantastic ideas. All I'm really doing is helping them develop a more professional-standard training plan.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01c 5.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' They wanted to call me "Master," but I told them they absolutely mustn't. Any magician worth their salt could've taught them what I have... They're the geniuses here. Compared to them, I don't deserve to be called any sort of "master."
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01c 6.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' With time, I have no doubt that they could become far greater magicians than I. My only concern is why they're so mature for their age... I fear they've had to grow up too fast. I don't dare to imagine what they must have been through.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01c 7.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' Jemma thinks so too. She doesn't like being around them &mdash; says that their eyes are "too piercing." They don't bother me, but then again, I've never been the sharpest tool in the shed.
:;(Return to selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the Farewell...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 1.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' It's nearly time for me to go on tour. I asked the two kids if they'd like to come with me, but they shook their heads.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 2.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' I once overheard them talking about their "Father" and their "mission"... Sounds like their parents have other plans for them. I guess we'll be parting ways soon.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 3.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' It's only been ten days since I first met them, but I think that I've gotten a feel for their personalities now.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 4.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' They're very tough, but also very cautious &mdash; and they trust no one but each other. This, I fear, is not a good habit to have.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 5.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' They hide things from me, too. For example, when I asked them where they live and why they wanted to learn magic, they lied.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 6.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' That's the thing about children &mdash; whenever they're trying to cover something up, it always shows somehow...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 7.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' I can sense that their lives have been hard &mdash; possibly even dangerous, too. They're not like other children... It's a shame that I can't do more to help them.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 8.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' After thinking things over, I decided to tell them a bit about how I see the world: It's full of lies and falsehoods, and that is why we must find our own truth.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 9.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' P.S. I hope they won't find my nagging annoying. Children are so opinionated nowadays. Will it do them more harm than good for someone they've only known ten days to lecture them like that?
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 10.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' P.P.S. Maybe I'm overthinking this. Children aren't interested in grand philosophies &mdash; it probably just went in one ear and out the other. I bet they've already forgotten every word I said.
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 cesar 01d 11.ogg}} '''Cesar's Diary:''' Oh, Cesar, Cesar... Just mind your own business next time.
:;(Return to selection)

;(After selecting all the options)
:{{DIcon}} Stop Reading
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 paimon 02e 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Two magic geniuses with a "Father" and a mission, huh...
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 paimon 02e 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds a lot like he was writing about Lyney and Lynette, don't you think?
::{{A|vo lnlq002 24 paimon 02e 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So did they meet Cesar when they were kids? Let's go ask Lyney.

;(Approach Lyney)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lyney&mdash;
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Shh, hold that thought... As I expected, there's a lot of fishy things going on in this place.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fishy? Uh-oh, what have you found?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' All in good time. Before we go over our new leads, I wanna tell you how a "high-altitude escape" is performed.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' First, the magician slots themselves into a magic box in full view of the audience. The box is then suspended high in the air, and a short while later, the base automatically opens.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' At this point, a dummy will fall out of the box, but it looks real enough to grab the audience's attention, and they start wailing and screaming...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Meanwhile, the real magician &mdash; who has by now blended into the crowd &mdash; waits for a good moment to make their appearance and put on a hysterical performance:
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' "Oh no! Is that me!? Did I just fall to my death!?"
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Very vivid description, Paimon can really picture it... and then what?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The audience's gaze then turns to the magician, and by the time they realize what's happened, the dummy has vanished &mdash; as if everything that just happened was some sort of shared illusion.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Of course, that's just how I think the process should work, theoretically speaking.
:{{DIcon}} Theoretically speaking? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The inventor of this trick never performed it successfully. When the box opened... Cesar was the one who fell out, and not the dummy.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' He fell right to the ground from the highest point of the opera house... No one could hope to survive that fall &mdash; not without a Vision, at least.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 11.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' And no one else has ever attempted this trick since. My understanding of how it works is just based on what I could gather from his notes and the relevant gadgets here in his workshop.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Cesar's famous high-altitude escape has never been done, huh?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon was about to say how cool it would be to see it in person. But if it's that dangerous, it's probably for the best that no one else tries to do it.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second, so if a dummy's supposed to drop out of the box, then where does the real magician go? How does he get out?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Glad you asked &mdash; that brings us to the secret of said box.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' This box right here is the one that Cesar constructed himself to use in the performance, and it's not as simple as it looks. Inside, there's a device that only the magician himself would know about.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 14.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Once the magician's inside, and the box is lifted up into the air, the audience's view of the box is fixed at a certain angle.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 15.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' From where they're standing, they have a clear view of the front, sides, and bottom, but the back and the top are now no longer visible.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 16.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' At this point, the magician presses a button inside the box, opening a secret door out of view.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 17.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' He then escapes through this trap door onto the opera house roof, waits for the dummy to fall and distract the audience, and quietly returns to ground level.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's way simpler than Paimon imagined. Even Paimon could probably do it!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 18.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Haha, well, there's a little more to it than that, of course. The hardest part of this trick is controlling the audience's mood and reactions. That takes an exceptional degree of showmanship.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 19.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' There's the falling dummy, the miraculous reappearance, the pompous performing... Maybe the magician would even have themselves tied up before it begins to strengthen the impression that there's no escape.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 20.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Many days and nights of careful research and painstaking practice would have gone into this, all culminating in a performance just a few minutes long &mdash; but one that still manages to transform the shock and grief of a tragic accident to the joy and laughter of a mesmerizing magic trick.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 21.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Cesar was a highly accomplished magician... But unfortunately, even he didn't manage to pull it off.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... How did it go so wrong? You said you found some fishy stuff here &mdash; have you figured out what really happened?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 22.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...I can make a pretty good guess.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 23.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I looked into the case files. The magic box Cesar was using at the time of his death had the secret button I mentioned positioned on the right-hand side. And sure enough, he always used his right hand as his dominant hand in public.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... Nothing suspicious there...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 24.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But here's the strange thing: Most of the devices in this workshop have the mechanism on the left-hand side, including this box right here. Which leads me to believe that Cesar was, in fact, left-handed.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure where you're going with this.
:{{DIcon}} Why would Cesar pretend to be right-handed?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 25.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Because a magician can't afford to have their most basic habits stand out too much. People naturally focus their attention on the most important details of the task or situation at hand.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 26.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But a magician needs to be able to redirect an audience's attention at will, so as to avoid arousing their suspicion.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 27.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The essence of magic is getting people to believe a lie. If even the truth raises eyebrows, the falsehoods become all the more difficult to mask.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 28.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' And so, Cesar trained himself to use his right hand to align with his audience's expectations... Great magic always requires sacrifices.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 29.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But in his most stressful and nerve-wracking moments, and when no one was watching, reflex would kick in and he'd use his left hand. That's why he set his gadgets with the mechanism on his left.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe someone exploited that fact against him?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 30.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Exactly. I think that's likely what happened.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 31.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Cesar would have been under a lot of time pressure during the escape. He'd have had mere seconds to open the hidden compartment, retrieve the dummy, then open the secret door and make a swift escape.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 32.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But I'm sure he was confident. He would have rehearsed countless times, to the point where it was second nature. He'd barely need to think about what he was doing, because muscle memory would guide him through.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 33.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' So he opened the compartment, took out the dummy, checked everything was in order, and then went to leave. With his left hand, he reached for the button, and suddenly his heart skipped a beat &mdash; it wasn't there.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 34.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Much like when you reach for your keys but find your pocket empty, his mind needed a moment to process what was going on.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 35.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Instinctively, his left hand would keep feeling around for the missing button, maybe for another second or two... until the bottom of the box gave way.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 36.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' With the stakes being as high as they were, just a two-second delay cost him everything. The authorities would find nothing suspicious, and conclude that his death was due to his own error.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When in reality, someone switched the boxes... and they did it to murder him.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But how would they be able to make the switch without being noticed? That would be difficult to pull off, no?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 37.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It would have to have been someone who knew that he was left-handed, and who could move his props around without arousing suspicion. Someone who was always by his side.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lyney 38.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Isn't that right... Lorenzo?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lorenzo 01.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' You just couldn't let sleeping dogs lie, could you?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lorenzo 02.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' There's not a lot of people who'd go to all this trouble for some magician who died ten years ago. I didn't want to have to do this, you know... Silencing you the hard way just creates more problems for me to deal with.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lorenzo 03.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' But I gave you your chance. I hoped you'd do what's good for you and back off, like the lady, but... you disappoint me.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean Jemma? So YOU are the one who's been threatening her!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lorenzo 04.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Yes, although however stubborn she might be, she was never much of a liability. But you people... You never even knew him, but for some reason you just wouldn't drop it...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 lorenzo 05.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Which is why you can't leave this place alive. Take them out. And make it quick.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 25 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, do your worst!!!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You're getting ever closer to the truth, and Lorenzo's appearance proves that Cesar's death ten years ago wasn't an accident...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After defeating enemies)
:;(Lyney throws a card at the fleeing Lorenzo)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 01.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' *cough*&nbsp;...Ugh, you kids are tougher than you look...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Had enough yet, Lorenzo? Your cronies can't help you now.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I think it's high time you started talking, and what I'd really like to know is... Why did you murder Cesar?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 02.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Ugh, if I had a Mora for every time you've said that man's name... Of course you idolize Cesar, everyone else did. But I was the real genius magician! Me!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 03.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' He was just an amateur who did cheap tricks for gullible children. I was the one who made magic into the fine art it is today! The aristocrats doffed their hats to ME!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' So it was jealousy...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 04.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 05.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Jealousy? Hatred, more like. I hated Cesar. All he cared about was his magic &mdash; he lived and breathed it.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 06.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' He poured everything into his street performances and his stupid tours like it was just a hobby to him, never bothering to think about Mora. What sort of fool devotes their life to the art of deception and never has a Mora to show for it?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 07.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' But the people loved him, didn't they? Oh, how they looked up to him! No one gave me a second look. All I ever heard was "Oh, your master's amazing, isn't he!"
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 08.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Amazing? Yeah, so amazing that he was completely broke. Every other apprentice was living it up at their master's expense, but no, not me! I put in all the work, mastered all the skills, and it brought me nothing more than the life I already had.
:{{DIcon}} So you killed him?
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you just leave?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 09.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' He forbade me from using magic to trick people out of their Mora. There was nothing he hated more than that.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 10.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' And with his reputation in Fontaine, it was too risky for me to go it alone. As long as he was alive, if I dabbled in my own brand of money-making magic, he would expose me, and it would destroy me.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 11.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' I had to kill him... There was no other way. He had to go.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' And this was your only motive?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 12.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' It was reason enough. What other motive would I need?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Well, I was under the impression that there might have been other factors at play. For instance... Maybe you were in love with Jemma, but she was engaged to Cesar.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 13.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' In love with Jemma? D&mdash;Don't be ridiculous...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Guess I was wrong about that, then. Next question: Are you The Phantom Weasel?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 14.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' ...I am.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 15.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' Cesar was so strict with me. He insisted that his way was the right way. That the sole purpose of magic was to bring joy to the world.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 16.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' I never bought into any of that. I was more interested in the practical value of magic... Sure enough, it helped me fill my pockets with all kinds of valuable treasures.
:{{DIcon}} But I heard that The Phantom Weasel stole from the rich and poor alike.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah. Charlotte told us that The Weasel would steal whatever people valued, no matter how much it was worth.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 17.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' That's just how it looked from the outside. What would any thief want with second-rate loot? I've only ever targeted high-value items.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 18.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' I stole cheap things as a way of practicing my craft. It was other people's overactive imaginations that conjured up the preposterous image they then dubbed the "Phantom Weasel."
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' So that's the story, huh? Well, I hope you're ready to tell it all over again during your trial?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 19.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' What choice do I have? You're a pack of wolves and you've got me between your jaws. You've seen what's here, and my last-ditch effort to stop it getting out has failed. What else can I do?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lorenzo 20.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' So be it. I've enjoyed power and wealth for the last ten years, the likes of which Cesar could never give me. I wouldn't choose for things to end this way, but I regret nothing.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Very well. In that case, I'll contact the Gardes.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 26 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, keep an eye on Lorenzo for me. I'll meet you just outside the workshop when I'm back.

;(Talk to Lorenzo, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 lorenzo 01.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' ...At least I can finally stop looking over my shoulder now.

;(After exiting Magic Workshop)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 burnett 01.ogg}} '''Bruno:''' Lyney has told me the whole story.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 burnett 02.ogg}} '''Bruno:''' Lorenzo, do you confess to the murder of Cesar, and to framing him for the Phantom Weasel's crimes?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 lorenzo 01.ogg}} '''Lorenzo:''' ...
:;(Lorenzo nods)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 lowrey 01.ogg}} '''Lori:''' Hmph. Look who's finally developed a conscience.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 lowrey 02.ogg}} '''Lori:''' What kind of disciple murders their own master? I hope it was worth it, because there'll be hell to pay!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew. Looks like it's all over. What should we do next, Lyney? Should we start preparing for your show?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Let me think...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Let's rendezvous with Lynette and Jemma first. With Lorenzo in custody, Jemma will no longer have to fear for her safety.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 27 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good point! We should go tell Jemma the good news right away. It'll give her some peace of mind for sure!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Lorenzo has confessed to the murder of Cesar and has been arrested as the Phantom Weasel. Due punishment awaits him. Bring this wonderful news to Lynette and Jemma!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Lynette)
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' ...Ah. You're back.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' You were so quick. I've only just finished my third dessert.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Your third!? Lynette, come on, we've talked about this, everything in moderation... You're not gonna have any room left for dinner now.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' That's fine. I'll shift to Exercise Mode and jog off the excess sugar.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' That's besides the point... *sigh* Well, it's done now. But try to eat a more balanced diet in the future.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 lynette 04.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Point taken.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 gemma 01.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' Did... everything go okay?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course. Lorenzo was no match for us! The Gardes are taking him into custody as we speak.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 gemma 02.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' Gosh. That's amazing... I'm sorry, I still didn't know if I could trust you, but now it seems I can.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 gemma 03.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' I had my suspicions about Lorenzo, but I... *sob*
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay, we understand. He did threaten you. Paimon would find it hard to trust strangers in your position too.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you don't need to be scared anymore. Everything's gonna be okay!
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 gemma 04.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' Sorry... Sorry, my emotions are all over the place right now. I've been waiting for this day to come for so long.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 gemma 05.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' I always wanted to report Lorenzo. He took all of Cesar's property, which I found suspicious, but I had people watching me all the time, so I couldn't risk looking into it...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 gemma 06.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' I was so afraid... I was scared he'd do something terrible to me, and then no one would be left to visit Cesar's grave... so I never had the courage to speak out.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 28 gemma 07.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' Thank you all, truly. Thank you so much...
:{{Black Screen|At Lyney's suggestion, everyone goes to the cemetery to announce Lorenzo's arrest and hold a memorial for Cesar}}
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 baltasar 01.ogg}} '''Baltasar:''' Thank you all for clearing Cesar's name.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 baltasar 02.ogg}} '''Baltasar:''' I never would have guessed that Lorenzo was the real Phantom Weasel... He never showed any signs that there were problems between him and Cesar in public. From the outside, it looked like they got along great.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 baltasar 03.ogg}} '''Baltasar:''' Ugh, to think that lowlife's been living life to the fullest all this time while Cesar's name was getting dragged through the mud. It's a travesty...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 baltasar 04.ogg}} '''Baltasar:''' At least his soul can finally rest in peace now, thanks to your efforts.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 gemma 01.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 gemma 02.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' If... If only I'd realized before it was too late...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 gracia 01.ogg}} '''Gracia:''' Don't blame yourself, Jemma. This isn't your fault.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 dolora 01.ogg}} '''Dolora:''' Yeah. You still have the rest of your life to live. Cesar wouldn't want to see you spend it feeling guilty.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Cheer up, Jemma.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' My brother's doing a magic show at the opera house tomorrow evening. Would you like to come along? It might raise your spirits.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' This show will be a special one. We're holding it in Cesar's honor.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 gemma 03.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' In Cesar's honor? Really?
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 gemma 04.ogg}} '''Jemma:''' Thank you. I'll be there.
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Great! We'll see you tomorrow evening. {{Traveler}}, Paimon, don't be late~
:{{A|vo lnlq002 29 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we'll be there. No way are we gonna miss out on a free magic show!

;(Talk to [[Gracia]], optional) 
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 gracia 01.ogg}} '''Gracia:''' ...I've spoken many choice words about Cesar over the years.
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 gracia 02.ogg}} '''Gracia:''' I'm so ashamed of myself now. He was such a good man...

;(Talk to [[Dolora]], optional) 
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 dolora 01.ogg}} '''Dolora:''' I can't believe Lorenzo was intimidating Jemma all this time...
:{{DIcon}} Have you met Lorenzo before?
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 dolora 02.ogg}} '''Dolora:''' He comes around here sometimes. Not to clean Cesar's grave, though. He just stands off to the side and watches Jemma from a distance.
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 dolora 03.ogg}} '''Dolora:''' She must've known, but she never asked him to leave. I wonder why that is.

;(Talk to [[Baltasar]], optional) 
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 baltasar 01.ogg}} '''Baltasar:''' It may take some time, but Cesar's reputation will be restored now that the real culprit has been captured.
:{{A|vo dialog lnlq002 baltasar 02.ogg}} '''Baltasar:''' Looks like Jemma chose a good man after all...

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Magician's Secret
|zhs     = 魔术师的秘密
|zhs_rm  = Móshùshī de Mìmì
|zht     = 魔術師的秘密
|zht_rm  = Móshùshī de Mìmì
|zh_tl   = The Magician's Secret
|ja      = 魔術師の秘密
|ja_rm   = Majutsushi no Himitsu
|ja_tl   = The Magician's Secret
|ko      = 마술사<->의 비밀
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Los secretos de un mago
|es_tl   = A Magician's Secrets
|fr      = Le secret du magicien
|fr_tl   = The Magician's Secret
|ru      = Секрет иллюзиониста
|ru_tl   = The Illusionist's Secret
|th      = ความลับของนักมายากล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bí Mật Của Ảo Thuật Gia
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Geheimnis des Zauberers
|de_tl   = The Magician's Secret
|id      = Rahasia Pesulap
|id_tl   = Magician's Secret
|pt      = Os Segredos de um Mágico
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sihirbazın Sırrı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il segreto del mago
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}