{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest The Chasm Charters.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = The Chasm Delvers
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]]
|characters    = Lan; Paimon; Traveler; Xu
|startLocation = [[The Chasm]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm
|next          = Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering
}}
'''''The Chasm Charters''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[The Chasm]], [[Liyue]]. It is the first part of [[The Chasm Delvers]] World Quest Series.

The quest can be started by talking to either [[Lan]] or [[Xu]].

==Steps==
# Search for [[Muning]], the Ministry of Civil Affairs' specialist

==Gameplay Notes==
* ''The Chasm Charters'' ends after speaking to Muning. He has the same dialogue as in the first section of ''Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Lan of the Adventurers' Guild has offered you a commission to explore The Chasm, which you have accepted. First, you'll need to find the representative of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, Muning, who has been stationed there.}}
===Lan Branch===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Lan:''' Ah, it's you. Well, are you here to brave The Chasm by any chance?
:{{DIcon}} The Chasm?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's never heard of any commission like that...
:'''Lan:''' Oh, uh, you don't know about the [[Adventurers' Guild|Guild]]'s commissions yet? Sorry, that's my mistake.
:'''Lan:''' Well, The Chasm has been closed for a long time now. No one can go in without the [[Qixing]]'s say-so, not even the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{DIcon}} No special pass for you guys?
:{{DIcon}} They don't close one eye with you lot?
:'''Lan:''' Well, we wouldn't dream of being a bother to the people at [[Yujing Terrace]]. It would be a counterproductive thing to do, messing with pre-established policy like that.
:'''Lan:''' Even Ms. [[Ganyu]], who seems like the most amicable of the bunch, would probably just smile at us and say "why don't you have some tea while you wait here?"
:'''Lan:''' And then she'll leave you hanging for most of the day, until you start wondering whether she'd forgotten all about you till she was nearly off from work...
:'''Lan:''' Hmph, and as we all know, Ms. Ganyu never gets off work.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa...
:{{DIcon}} That certainly does sound like a very Ganyu-esque way of refusing.
:'''Lan:''' Either way, this means that Ms. [[Katheryne]] isn't going to be giving out any commissions about The Chasm anytime soon. Instead, we've got to find more... convenient people to help us out in private.
:{{DIcon}} Convenient?
:'''Lan:''' Yes, like for example, miners from [[Huishan Hall]], members of the [[Millelith]], staff at the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]. They can get passes to go in more easily, and...
:'''Paimon:''' And... what?
:'''Lan:''' Well... So what I'm saying is, O valiant hero who saved Liyue from the sea monster, yet seems to have nothing to do all day every day, surely you can talk to the Millelith on our behalf?
:{{DIcon}} No idea who you're talking about.
:'''Lan:''' I'm talking about you.
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, she was definitely talking about you!
:'''Lan:''' Don't play dumb. Who do you think I'm talking about, Rex Lapis?
:{{DIcon}} Hehe.
:{{DIcon}} I'll have you know that I do some important work, you know.
:'''Lan:''' Alright, quit your bragging.
:'''Lan:''' Whatever the case... You have our thanks for your help so far, and we'd like you to consider helping us again.
:'''Lan:''' It's fine if the timing isn't convenient for you. It's just that... If you do end up passing through The Chasm, please help me look for a fellow named Muning.
:'''Paimon:''' Muning... Who's that supposed to be?
:'''Lan:''' He's a specialist sent to The Chasm by the Ministry of Civil Affairs. We've got some personal matters that need settling. You can ask him about it if you meet him there.
:'''Lan:''' Just pass this message along: "You still owe Lan money for drinks. Don't you forget that." He'll get the picture.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:{{DIcon}} I'll keep an eye out on the way in.
:'''Lan:''' Wait, hold on a moment! There's one more thing. If you take this commission up, just negotiate your payment directly with Muning.
:'''Lan:''' Don't ask me why the arrangement is like this... We did this at the Ministry's insistence. Best not to question their decisions and all...

;(Talk to Lan again)
:'''Lan:''' You're back. The Adventurers' Guild {{sic|welomes}} you.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about The Chasm...
::'''Lan:''' What, you want me to tell you what's in there? Who knows, seriously?
::'''Lan:''' Some say that the some miners dug up what they call "Wish Granter," but that they got the opposite of what they wished for when they wished upon it. Others say that they dug up some old dragon-king's tail down there. All tales as tall as mountains, of course.
::'''Lan:''' Really, there's no point asking me about The Chasm. I'm not actually sure what happened there either. Just go ask Muning &mdash; this was also one of the Ministry's requirements, by the way.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me more about the commission...
::'''Lan:''' *cough* Well, you can see the people who depend on The Chasm for their livelihood everywhere you go out there. I'm sure you don't mind spending time interviewing them, but I've got Guild business to attend to.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Muning.
::'''Lan:''' Oh, him? Heh. I suspect that the Ministry sent him out to The Chasm to get him to shape up a bit.
::'''Lan:''' He's pretty good at what he does, alright, but he's one cocky kid as well. You can't have that kind of flighty character in the Ministry, you know? So yeah. The Chasm might help him grow up a bit.
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Lan:''' Yeah, sure. Oh, right... Ad astra abyssosque!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Xu Branch===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Xu:''' Ah, you're the Young Master's friends. How do you do?
:'''Xu:''' Please accept my apologies, but I have something to ask of you. Is this a good time?
:{{DIcon}} Well, we're well-acquainted by now. Just speak your mind.
:{{DIcon}} Well, what's up?
:'''Xu:''' Well, here's the situation: there's this friend of mine named Muning who often helps us in business matters.
:'''Xu:''' It's just that he wound up owing a small sum of [[Mora]] to the [[Yanshang Teahouse]] in recent days, leading to him asking our young master for help...
:'''Xu:''' ...And the young master agreed without a second thought! Interest-free, if I might add. A most generous spirit... But best not one used while doing business, I fear.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, come on, he was just doing a guy some justice. Isn't that a good thing?
:'''Xu:''' Yes, of course... But as you can see, Young Master [[Xingqiu]] has gone out to "right wrongs and enact justice," while I'm a little tied up with work back here. As such, the only person we can trust with the matter of delivering the Mora is you.
:'''Xu:''' He should be working at The Chasm. He basically lives there, so I doubt you'll miss him.
:{{DIcon}} People actually still live at The Chasm?
::'''Xu:''' Haha! Well, he is the specialist sent by the Ministry of Civil Affairs to the Chasm, after all!
::'''Xu:''' Of course, that is a mine, so food, water, and daily necessities all need to be transported there from Liyue...
::'''Xu:''' So there isn't much time for idling or for leisure, and life can be both tough and a little boring, but regardless, the remuneration is quite generous indeed.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't The Chasm closed, though?
:'''Xu:''' Well... You are the great hero of Liyue. Perhaps it might still be a bit of a tall order to ask for huge favors, but I'm sure some people might be willing to make small exceptions for you, yes?
:'''Xu:''' I believe that you'll be able to accomplish this task. If you do get stopped at the gates, though, come back here and we'll use some other methods instead.
:{{DIcon}} Well, I'll help for Xingqiu's sake.
::'''Xu:''' Thank you so much!
:{{DIcon}} No concerns that I'll just pocket the sum?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! That's not something you say out loud!
::'''Xu:''' Hahahaha! Come now, there's no need for such jokes. I trust you.

;(Talk to Xu again)
:'''Xu:''' Again, I apologize for asking this favor of you, but we really are very busy at the moment. If there's any trouble, just come back later and we'll talk then.
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell me more about The Chasm?
::'''Xu:''' Well, uh... Oh, right! Silly me. I can't believe I'm sending you out without even the briefest of introductions to The Chasm.
::'''Xu:''' To be honest, though, I'm not sure I'll do a good job relating the matter to you... I think it was several years ago now when the miners unearthed something strange. What that is, I don't know &mdash; nor have I really had the courage to ask around.
::'''Xu:''' Either way, this was reported to the Qixing by the Huishan Hall, and one of Ningguang's secretaries sent out an investigation team that returned and reported that there was some huge threat to everyone's safety, and that the mines must be closed...
::'''Xu:''' As a result, the Chasm was rendered into its current state. The people of Shenglu Hall constantly ask when it will be reopened, but the Qixing will not allow it, leaving them to fret...
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Muning.
::'''Xu:''' Oh, him? His family is a big name in the porcelain industry. Pretty high up in Shenglu Hall... You know, the works. But he has little interest in the family business, and instead prefers to enjoy a life of leisure, going where the mood strikes him...
::'''Xu:''' He's also absolutely no good with Mora, and he owes quite a few people as a result... For fear that he might ruin their business' reputation, the family had him sent to the Ministry of Civil Affairs as a representative to shape him up a bit...
::'''Xu:''' It just so happened that the Ministry needed a professional from Shenglu Hall to oversee The Chasm, so he was picked as this specialist.
::'''Xu:''' If you ask me, this is a good thing. According to my father, The Chasm is exactly the place to train one's character. Why, he did work there in the mines himself back when he was young...
:{{DIcon}} See you around, then.
::'''Xu:''' Alright. Stay safe, now!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/8OU-Tqnz0Xc
|caption1 = The Chasm Charters Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Chasm Charters
|zhs     = 层岩巨渊寻访记
|zhs_rm  = Céngyán Jùyuān Xúnfǎng Jì
|zht     = 層岩巨淵尋訪記
|zht_rm  = Céngyán Jùyuān Xúnfǎng Jì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 層岩巨淵尋訪記
|ja_rm   = Sougan Kyoen Jinhouki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Chasm Search Account{{Sino}}
|ko      = 층암거연 탐방기
|ko_rm   = Cheung'amgeoyeon Tambanggi
|ko_tl   = The Chasm Expedition Journal
|es      = Próxima parada: la Sima
|es_tl   = Next Stop: The Chasm
|fr      = Les fouilles du Gouffre
|fr_tl   = The Excavations of the Chasm
|ru      = Исследования Разлома
|ru_tl   = {{Lexicon|The Chasm|ru}} Investigations
|th      = บันทึกการค้นหา Chasm
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ký Sự Thám Hiểm Vực Đá Sâu
|vi_tl   = {{Lexicon|The Chasm|vi}} Exploration Chronicle
|de      = Eine Reise in die Große Kluft
|de_tl   = A Journey into the Great Chasm
|id      = Jurnal Pencarian Chasm
|id_tl   = Chasm Search Journal
|pt      = Visita ao Despenhadeiro
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kanyon Yolcuları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I documenti della Voragine
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[es:Próxima parada: la Sima]]
[[pt-br:Visita ao Despenhadeiro]]