{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08005
|image         = Archon Quest C2A4 The Grave of the Guarded.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = IV
|act           = Requiem of the Echoing Depths
|part          = 2
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = [[In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion]]
|next          = [[Memories of Inteyvat]]
|exp           = 750
|mora          = 25,825
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Dainsleif; Halfdan; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Grave of the Guarded|chapter=2|act=4|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Investigate the ruins ahead and find a path
# Defeat the Black Serpent Knights
#* {{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Line Breaker|x=2}}
# Go to the entrance to the ruins
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during this step
# Go to the lit room in the ruins
# Defeat the Black Serpent Knights
#* {{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Line Breaker|x=1}}, {{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Defender|x=1}}
# Continue investigating the ruins
# Defeat the Black Serpent Knights
#* {{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Line Breaker|x=2}}, {{Enemy|Shadowy Husk: Defender|x=1}}
# Examine what the Black Serpent Knights were protecting
# Go to the chamber at the center of the ruins' summit

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[The Beautiful and Damned]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have an unexpected reunion with Dainsleif within The Chasm. After getting wind of the situation, you believe that this place must be intimately linked to the Abyss Order, and thus begin investigating...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are signs of hilichurl activity here. Could these be the hilichurls the requester was talking about?
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Requester? ...In fact, hold on. You still haven't told me what you're doing here. I doubt that most travelers would have any reason to venture down this way.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We took a commission from the Adventurers' Guild to investigate The Chasm. Apparently, a whole load of hilichurls have been gathering here, and the requester wants to know why.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And now, it looks like we've finally found our first clue...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Do you want the answer?
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean, you know something about this?
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' As it happens, I do.
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Did I miss something?
:{{DIcon}} Does this have anything to do with the [[Upside-Down City|upside-down city]]?
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It's understandable that you did not perceive anything unusual. What makes this place so strange is that...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...the environment here weakens the effect of the curse.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The curse? Oh! Paimon remembers, last time you guys were saying that Khaenri'ah's people were cursed to immortality or something...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' For centuries, I have suffered daily from the curse that was laid upon me. But here... I suddenly feel a small amount of relief from this suffering.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And right here, right now, I can feel my body sending a strong message to me... It is telling me, "stay."
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this place weakens the curse? That's pretty incredible, but how?
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That I shall need to investigate. But to the best of my knowledge, the Abyss Order does not have the technology to achieve this.
:{{DIcon}} So you're saying...
:{{DIcon}} The hilichurls that come here are also from...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Indeed. Do you know why hilichurls wear masks?
:{{DIcon}} I think so?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It's to hide their appearance, lest they catch sight of their reflection in a body of water...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Compared to how they remember themselves, it is a terrible sight to behold, one that causes them great despair.
:{{DIcon}} So these hilichurls really are from...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The curse of "immortality" denies death to those afflicted with it... and yet, it does not truly mean that they will never die.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you mean, there's a way to undo it?
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No. I mean that the body and soul will continue to be eroded until they are virtually nonexistent, even if "death" is not the form that this erosion takes.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' When the hilichurls realize that the end is nigh for them, it seems their instinct is to seek out a calm and dark corner of the world in which to finally say goodbye to the centuries of suffering they have endured.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And of all the places they could lay down to rest, one that can ease the effects of their curse would surely be their first choice.
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... That's so...
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Conversation's over, brace yourselves!
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What is it!?
:{{A|vo szaq102 1 dainsleif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' We're under attack.

;(After defeating the Black Serpent Knights)
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What were those? And why did they attack us all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Black Serpent Knights. They once belonged to the Royal Guard of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second! Royal Guard? So... they used to be your troops!?
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Yes, they were. But now, the curse engulfs them, and they fight with none of the honor they once had...
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because they've become pawns of the Abyss now?
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...Let's continue on.
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Dain...
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmm?
:{{color|menu|A Black Serpent Knight is looking intently at Dainsleif.}}
:'''???:''' ... <!-- no audio -->
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Seems we missed one...
:'''???:''' ... <!-- no audio -->
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Wait, stand down. There's something different about this one...
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...It's disappeared.
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck? What was going on with that one? Was it trying to say something?
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' (How is this possible... How could he have retained self-awareness for 500 years without... it?)
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' (But more importantly, why did he seem so familiar...)
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he recognized you.
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That would be a miraculous outcome indeed for a cataclysm that brought total doom and destruction... Or perhaps it was just a coincidence.
:{{A|vo szaq102 2 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' We should press onward, to the city.

----

;(Upon arriving at the entrance to the ruins)
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like there's a strange energy surrounding the city. We can't go any further.
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess there should be a mechanism or something around here, right? Traveler, looks like it's time to get into ruin-exploring mode!
:{{DIcon}} Puzzle time, huh.
:{{DIcon}} I'll take a look around and see what I can find.
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Don't waste your time.
:{{color|menu|Dainsleif clears the way.}}
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh...!?
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Khaenri'ah's technology, Abyssal power... Two things I couldn't be more familiar with. They're just cheap tricks to me.
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay! So the Abyss Order really is trying to hide something here, right?
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Dain seems like he really understands what's going on here. No wonder the Abyss Order doesn't want him around.
:{{DIcon}} Was this upside-down city built by Khaenri'ah?
:{{DIcon}} Was this upside-down city built by the Abyss Order?
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Not necessarily. The closer we draw, the more I am inclined to conclude that these ruins belong to a more ancient civilization still.
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The Abyss Order simply got to them before anyone else.
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even older than Khaenri'ah? Whoa, Paimon can't even imagine back that far...
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That said, the architecture here does somewhat resemble that of Khaenri'ah... At least, it would if it were the other way up.
:{{A|vo szaq102 3 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Let's head toward the light over there. Mind your footing on the way ahead. It's a long way down.

----

;(Upon arriving at the lit room in the ruins)
:{{A|vo szaq102 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aah, Black Serpent Knights!
:{{A|vo szaq102 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this where they're based? Or wait, are they guarding something here?
:{{A|vo szaq102 4 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' We are likely drawing near to whatever the Abyss Order is trying to hide. Let's take them out first.

;(After defeating the Black Serpent Knights)
:{{A|vo szaq102 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey look, vines. You should be able to climb up, right?

;(After climbing up)
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, more Black Serpent Knights!
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 forlornvessellance 01.ogg}} '''Black Serpent Knight of Old:''' !!!
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, they're not coming after us. Are they just trying to scare us off?
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These knights seem like they're hiding something behind them...
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 forlornvessellance 02.ogg}} '''Black Serpent Knight of Old:''' !!!
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hold on, I think they...
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 forlornvessellance 03.ogg}} '''Black Serpent Knight of Old:''' !!!
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aah, they're coming! Quick, get them!

;(After defeating the Black Serpent Knights)
:{{A|vo szaq102 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that was the last of them! Now, let's see what it was they were trying to hide.

;(Investigate the hilichurls)
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? What's this?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...So the Black Serpent Knights have nothing to do with the Abyss Order's secret. Huh, I should have guessed.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what exactly is going on with these hilichurls?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' As I said, for these hilichurls, the end is nigh.
:{{DIcon}} The hilichurls are preparing to meet their end...
:{{DIcon}} "End"...
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' They have grown old and fearful of the light, even become one with the darkness. And yet the curse continues to corrode them.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would the Black Serpent Knights wanna stay here and guard them?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 forlornvessellance 01.ogg}} '''Black Serpent Knight of Old:''' !!!
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aah! More of them are closing in!
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 forlornvessellance 02.ogg}} '''Black Serpent Knight of Old:''' !!!
:{{DIcon}} Let's try to avoid fighting them.
:{{DIcon}} Fighting them is meaningless.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 halfdan 01.ogg}} '''???:''' !
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...It's him! The guy that came out of nowhere and disappeared again!
;(??? shakes his head)
;(The rest of the Black Serpent Knights retreat)
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And now they're retreating... Did he just order them to do that?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...[[Halfdan]]?
:'''???:''' ...<!-- no audio -->
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, what? You recognize him?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...Could it be... If it's as I suspect, then this is a truly tragic state of affairs.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dain?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You want to know why they were gathered here guarding the hilichurls, don't you?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It's because as far as the Black Serpent Knights are concerned, they are simply doing their duty.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The one who ordered them to retreat just now... I suddenly recognized him. I knew him as a young man, an elite in the Royal Guard of old... His name is "Halfdan."
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So he's from 500 years ago, too...
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' To this day, I still remember the final orders I, the Twilight Sword, gave to Halfdan on the day of disaster in Khaenri'ah, before I made haste back to the palace...
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' "Inform all Black Serpent Knights to protect the people of Khaenri'ah at all costs."
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Because we, of course, were royal guards. But this would mean nothing in the events that followed... Royals, gentry, common folk, these identities made no difference.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Against the might of the gods, the only identity that mattered was being from Khaenri'ah.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' These Black Serpent Knights have lost their intellect. But perhaps, in whatever remains of their minds, they are still protecting the people of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' If you see these ruins as Khaenri'ah in the throes of disaster, and these hilichurls as the people crying for help...
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...then suddenly, I can make sense of what I'm hearing. Their growls are less of a threat and more of a warning.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then... what are they saying?
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Though it is barely discernible, I can just about make it out. They keep repeating a word from the old language of Khaenri'ah... "Run."
:{{DIcon}} So they're not talking to us...
:{{DIcon}} So they're telling the hilichurls behind them to escape...
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Even I have to admit, the fact their will is strong enough to survive 500 years of erosion... It is nothing short of a miracle born from hopelessness.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... So Paimon had them all wrong...
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 18.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It doesn't matter. Even I took them for enemies for a moment.
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 dainsleif 19.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Let's keep heading toward the light at the top. I believe the Black Serpent Knights will no longer try to stop us.

;(Investigate the three hilichurls again)
:{{A|vo dialog szaq102 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So there's no Abyss Order secrets to be found here... Just a bunch of hilichurls nearing the end of their existence.
:{{A|vo dialog szaq102 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We probably shouldn't disturb them.
;(The Traveler nods)

----

;(Upon entering the room with the upside-down Teleport Waypoint)
:{{A|vo szaq102 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure enough, we aren't seeing any more Black Serpent Knights. Guess that Halfdan guy really did recognize Captain Dain, huh?

;(Investigate the hilichurls in the room with the upside-down teleport waypoint)
:{{A|vo szaq102 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' More hilichurls. And they look really well-protected.

;(Upon entering the room with a desk and tablets)
:{{A|vo szaq102 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dain... Why so quiet?
:{{A|vo szaq102 8 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I'm just thinking, nothing more. If you're trying to console me, I can assure you there is no need.
:{{A|vo szaq102 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! Fine...

;(Investigate the hilichurls on the upper level of the room)
:{{A|vo szaq102 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All these hilichurls want is to quietly fade away in peace... Paimon hopes they can get their final wish.

;(Upon entering the next room)
:{{A|vo szaq102 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey look, there's no door sealing this room off. Looks like we can finally head to the room in the center.
:{{A|vo szaq102 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, let's go!

;(Investigate the hilichurls at the other end of the room)
:{{A|vo szaq102 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's never seen such well-behaved hilichurls before. Paimon wonders if it has anything to do with being an old soul.

;(Upon arriving at the chamber at the center of the ruins' summit)
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, up there! A water pool!
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even the water pool is upside-down. Wow! This is a pretty amazing place.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dain, do you have any idea at all how it works?
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The pool must be part of the entire city structure, a relic of this ancient civilization.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And more importantly... it is the very thing that is weakening the curse.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Here, my whole body feels more at peace than it has in a long time. The effect is stronger here than it was before, and I think it's because that water pool has something akin to a cleansing effect.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cleansing? So that means... the water in that pool can wash away the curse for good?
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No. That would be impossible.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How are you so sure?
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I have lived with this curse for 500 years, and I have been fully conscious the entire time... Suffice to say, no one understands the curse like I do.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It is a way of branding us at the level of the fate of the world itself. When a god applies a curse, it takes effect at a higher level of reality than the person themselves.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Even now, I can feel the curse slowly permeating my entire being, becoming part of me, slowly but surely replacing me.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Perhaps it may be possible to suppress the corrosive effect of the curse for a time, but cleansing it entirely...
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Consider it tantamount to burning away an integral part of your body. It is not a process that one could ever hope to survive.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Cleansing the curse costs you your life? Whoa... An irreversible curse, Paimon can't even imagine...
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' In any case, I can feel that the water's cleansing effect is not nearly potent enough. At most, it might suppress the curse but a little.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? So what's that contraption there? It looks kinda out of place...
:{{DIcon}} An Abyss Order device?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it's the Abyss Order's secret.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Frankly, I have never seen a device of this design before either. It is not unreasonable to suspect that it could belong to the Abyss Order. But what could they be planning to do here...
:{{A|The Grave of the Guarded - clunk sfx.mp3}} '''???:''' (*clunk* *clunk*...)<!-- manually recorded audio since it's not in the Travel Log -->
;(A gate is raised)
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! That gave Paimon a fright... So all the doors are open now?
:'''Halfdan:''' ...<!-- no audio -->
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wah, Halfdan's back again...
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Halfdan. Do you have something to say to me?
:{{A|The Grave of the Guarded - footsteps sfx.mp3}} '''Halfdan:''' ...<!-- manually recorded audio since it's not in the Travel Log -->
:{{color|menu|Halfdan turns and leaves.}}
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He ran off... but he didn't disappear like last time!
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' He's indicating that we should follow him. Are you coming?
:{{DIcon}} This could be a useful lead.
:{{DIcon}} He doesn't seem to hold any malice toward us.
:{{A|vo szaq102 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True... So, uh... We going, then?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Grave of the Guarded
|zhs     = 被守护者的灵柩
|zhs_rm  = Bèi Shǒuhù Zhě de Língjiù
|zht     = 被守護者的靈柩
|zht_rm  = Bèi Shǒuhù Zhě de Língjiù
|zh_tl   = The Grave of the Guarded
|ja      = 守られし者の霊柩
|ja_rm   = Mamorareshi Mono no Reikyuu
|ja_tl   = The Coffin of the Guarded
|ko      = 수호받는 자의 관
|ko_rm   = Suhobanneun Ja-ui Gwan
|ko_tl   = The Coffin of the Guarded
|es      = El sepulcro de los amparados
|es_tl   = The Sepulcher of the Sheltered Ones
|fr      = Le sépulcre des protégés
|fr_tl   = The Sepulcher of the Protected
|ru      = Могила оберегаемых
|ru_tl   = The Grave of the Guarded
|th      = โลงศพผู้ถูกพิทักษ์
|th_rm   = Long Sob Phoo Toog Pitak
|th_tl   = The Coffin of the Guarded
|vi      = Linh Cữu Người Được Bảo Vệ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Grab der Bewachten
|de_tl   = The Grave of the Guarded
|id      = Penjaga Makam
|id_tl   = Grave Guardian
|pt      = Sepultura dos Protegidos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Korunanların Mezarı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il sepolcro protetto
|it_tl   = The Protected Sepulcher
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:El sepulcro de los amparados]]