{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = The Crane in the Clouds
|image             = The Crane in the Clouds.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-12-31 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-01-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1823311
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20211231shenh/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}

'''The Crane in the Clouds''' is a web [[event]] in [[Version 2.3]].

[https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20211231shenh/index.html >>Click to Take Part in Event<<]

==Event Details==
===Event Duration===
* 2021-12-31 12:00 – 2022-01-04 23:59 (UTC+8)
** Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

===Eligibility===
* [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

===Event Summary===
* During the event, Travelers will need to complete the designated event tasks as well as help [[Shenhe]] complete training smoothly. Upon completion, you will receive in-game items as rewards.

===Gameplay Details===
# During the event, Travelers will need to complete the designated event tasks as well as help Shenhe complete training smoothly. Upon completion, you will receive in-game items as rewards.
# You must complete the event sharing task to help Shenhe unlock the training clues. After sharing, you can obtain hints from the Adepti to begin training.
# After beginning the training, you must complete a series of challenges to accumulate training progress and complete training smoothly.
# After each training session, you can obtain in-game items. There are a total of 3 training sessions, and you can obtain 3 in-game items as rewards. In addition, you can also obtain a bonus event wallpaper after completing all training sessions.

===In-Game Rewards===
Help Shenhe complete her training smoothly to obtain Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game rewards. During the event, you can get up to three in-game rewards.

===Event Notes===
# Please log in to the event using your miHoYo Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The training images will be recorded in the scroll, which can be viewed repeatedly during the event.
# The in-game rewards, obtained through completing the training sessions, will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Rewards==
{| class="article-table"
|-
|Share
|{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|-
|Stage 1
|{{Card|Primogem|10}}{{card|Shivada Jade Fragment|1}}
|-
|Stage 2
|{{Card|Primogem|10}}{{card|Shivada Jade Fragment|1}}
|-
|Stage 3
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}{{card|Shivada Jade Fragment|1}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
|}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en     = The Crane in the Clouds
|zhs    = 云中鹤影
|zhs_rm = Yúnzhōng Hèyǐng
|zht    = 雲中鶴影
|zht_rm = Yúnzhōng Hèyǐng
|zh_tl  = The Crane Shadow in the Clouds
|ja     = 雲中白鶴
|ja_rm  = Unchuu Hakutsuru{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl  = The White Crane in the Clouds
|ko     = 구름 속 학의 그림자
|ko_rm  = Gureum Sok Hak-ui Geurimja
|ko_tl  = The Crane Shadow in the Clouds
|es     = Una grulla sobre las nubes
|es_tl  = The Crane Above the Clouds
|fr     = Grue dans les nuages
|fr_tl  = Crane in the Clouds
|ru     = Журавль в облаках
|ru_tl  = 
|th     = นกพิสุทธิ์ในม่านเมฆา
|th_rm  = Nok Phisut Nai Man Mekha
|th_tl  = 
|vi     = Bóng Hạc Trong Mây
|vi_tl  = 
|de     = Der Kranich in den Wolken
|de_tl  = The Crane in the Clouds
|id     = Siluet Bangau dalam Awan
|id_tl  = The Crane Silhouette in the Clouds
|pt     = A Garça sobre as Nuvens
|pt_tl  = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[ru:Журавль в облаках]]
[[pt-br:A Garça sobre as Nuvens]]