{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Chapter II Act I.png
|type           = Archon
|chapter        = Chapter II
|actNum         = I
|region         = Inazuma
|prev           = Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves
|next           = Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow
|ARReq          = 30
|rep           = Inazuma
|repAmt        = 100
|repOrder      = 400
}}
'''The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia''' is the first act in [[Chapter II]] of the [[Archon Quests]].

==Quests==
# [[Setting Sail]]
# [[Confessions of an Outlander]]
# [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
# [[Three Wishes]]
# [[The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting]]
# [[To Treat the Well-Meaning Well]]
# [[A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades]]
# [[A Flower Blooms in a Prison]]

==Summary==
;Setting Sail
Wondering on the status of the [[Alcor]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] head to [[Katheryne]] at [[Liyue]]'s guild branch. And just then, [[Sea Drake]] arrives, having been sent by [[Beidou]] to tell them that they are ready to set sail. Katheryne says her farewells, but tells them that she would be waiting for them at [[Narukami Island]].

Beidou disembarks with the Traveler and Paimon at [[Ritou]] before being greeted by [[Thoma]], her business partner. The Captain leaves the pair to his care, since she can't stay around for too long with [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Kazuha]], who is still a wanted fugitive. Thoma later helps them pass the processing center to avoid suspicion given the impossible request and the ridiculous amount of [[Mora]].

After processing, Thoma explains that there are some inspectors who try to increase the price of processing as much as possible for outlanders, who cannot leave the nation due to the [[Sakoku Decree]]. As such, the foreigners formed the [[International Trade Association]] to survive. He also learns they intend to meet with the [[Raiden Shogun]], stating that he can help them do so, but in turn they will need to help out others first, starting with the said association.

----

;Confessions of an Outlander
Thoma's friend and the President of the Trade Association, [[Kurisu]], is surprised to see new outlanders, and explains that since he and the foreigners have been stuck in the port, the Kanjou Commission has been bleeding them dry with absurd taxes. They originally had to pay Mora, but they suddenly changed it to [[Crystal Marrow]], which almost none of the Trade had heard of. Even worse, their attempts to look for it causes the item to skyrocket in both taxes and price from the only source available, leaving them in danger of homelessness. The Traveler offers to assist, with Kurisu accepting as they aren't affiliated and as a newcomer, the vendor might drop his guard.

The merchant, [[Werner]], realizes they were sent by the Trade Association and refuses to negotiate. Returning to Thoma, he tells them that Werner hails from [[Mondstadt]] and found a "patron" after leaving the association. Giving an item from both Mondstadt and Liyue, the vendor gives in to his emotions and admits that he is playing a scheme by [[Keijirou]] and his companions; they buy all of the Crystal Marrow and give it to him, who sells the excess back to the association at profit and the cycle repeats; despite his role in the plot, he is barely paid. Tracking him down, they spot Keijirou burying a ledger. Werner tells them to send it to Kurisu, as he is too afraid to confront the President of the Trade.

Keijirou demands payment from the Trade when the Traveler and Paimon arrive and expose his wrongdoings. Cornered, the corrupt officer offers to give his spare Marrows to keep the case quiet, but [[Harrison]], angered at the injustice, demands more and calls the [[Hiiragi Shinsuke|commissioner]] by name, prompting a passing [[Katsuie]] to order the merchants arrested. Before that could happen, Thoma intervenes and hands them a card from the [[Yashiro Commission]] and a peculiar ornate fan, making Katsuie decides to drop the incident to avoid having a problem with "her".

Taking them aside, Thoma explains that he is actually an attendant of the Kamisato Clan, taking care of the clan's eldest daughter, [[Kamisato Ayaka]], the Shirasagi Himegimi. Ayaka has heard of their feats and is expecting their arrival, hoping that they can change the tides &mdash; the [[Vision Hunt Decree]]. Although the Traveler is uninterested in helping, insist on pursuing their goal, Thoma agrees to help them meet the Electro Archon anyway and ask to meet them at [[Komore Teahouse]], but the pair realizes they can't leave Ritou, believed it must be part of the test.

----

;Ritou Escape Plan
Since they still need a [[Travel Permit|travel permit]] to leave Ritou, Paimon suggests they head to the Kanjou office to meet with the Commissioner, [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]]. Upon arriving at his residence, he walks out and notices the Traveler. Hiiragi agrees to help but only after the Traveler agrees to complete an unbearable request; the Traveler initially is flabbergasted and finds it too strenuous, but considers it after spotting a woman behind Hiiragi who silently nods her head, indicating that the Traveler should take on the offer.

Leaving the office, they secretly received a letter from [[Hiiragi Chisato|Miss Hiiragi]] asking for a letter sent to [[Kujou Kamaji]] of the [[Tenryou Commission]] and reveals that a few days before their arrival, an [[Signora|arrogant-sounding woman]] arrived and conspired with Shinsuke to keep the Traveler on Ritou. The following day, she heads to a supply convoy and uses her position to force the two escort guards to accept the Traveler as her bodyguard. On the way, they fight off bandits, and arriving at the destination, Chisato returns to Ritou, wishing them luck and reminding them to bring the letter to Kamaji for their permit.

----

;Three Wishes
Arriving at the teahouse, the pair are greeted by Thoma inside, who pulls a prank on them by pretending to be the dog [[Taroumaru]]. Thoma apologizes for the test, as it was necessary, if they can "change the lightning." Thoma promises to bring them to the Kamisato residence after seeing the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]], still under construction.

There, Thoma explains about how the Raiden Shogun declared the Vision Hunt Decree and that the "gems" embedded on the statue are the seized Visions. The Traveler touches the statue and suffers a headache as they hear the aspirations of the people, surprising Thoma and Paimon. Later at the Kamisato residence, where Ayaka anticipated their arrival. She hopes that the Traveler would assist in the fight against the Shogun, but they continue to refuse. Ayaka compromises with them, promising to bring them to the Shogun if they visit three people who had their Vision confiscated from them.

----

;The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
At the first location, [[Konda Village]], the Traveler finds an old couple, [[Mahiru]] and [[Kenjirou]] trying to persuade a younger man [[Tejima]] not to leave. Inquiring the man, Tejima was a samurai who become Visionless. With his Vision gone, he has had trouble remembering why he stayed at the village for so long and is intending to leave and become a wandering samurai. The pair offer to help refresh his memory, which he accepts. They find a paper that explains why he stayed at the village; to wait for his lover, but she never came. After the events, Tejima then chooses to remain in the village to wait for her, although wondering if she would ever come.

----

;To Treat the Well-Meaning Well
The next person is a samurai from the Tenryou Commission who had their Vision confiscated, found in [[Inazuma City]]. As Paimon wonders why the Shogunate would take action against one of their own, they hear a commotion breaking out. Two men are accusing a samurai, [[Kurosawa Kyounosuke]], of withholding emergency rations from them. He had originally given it to them on request, but now is withholding them for no reason.

Speaking to the Samurai, he tells them that despite enforcing the Vision Hunt Decree, he was told that he had been "slacking off" to the point that he even disappointed the Raiden Shogun, causing him to lose his Vision. He had forgotten what he had done every month, and is not even aware of the rations themselves. Just recently, he was pursuing some Treasure Hoarders when the men had stopped him and asks the Traveler to track them down, believing they would have stolen the rations.

They find the Treasure Hoarders nearby, who are commenting over their recent plunders. After beating them up, [[Tadao]] tries to recruit them, but the Traveler refuses and inquires about Kurosawa. Tadao states that Kurosawa's house had nothing apart from a box, which he offers in return for his and his men's freedom. Opening the box, they are surprised to find that it only contains IOUs, all addressed to a Miss [[Aoi]] of [[Tsukumomono Groceries]], and the Hoarder gang leaves.

Heading to Aoi, she tells them that Kurosawa always bought foodstuffs regularly from her store to give to the people, even taking on debt to ensure their well-being. She also recalls that he had a prized sword which she would accept as payment for his debts. Returning to Kurosawa once more, he learns the truth and explains the history of his sword to them. He also threatened the rioting men with his sword, even though he felt himself unable to go through with the act, and is troubled that he cannot be good or bad, wondering what to do.

----

;A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades
With the second person dealt with, they head to the final client, a swordmaster known for the Meikyou Shisui Art who is also in the city. Outside the dojo, they find two disciples worried about their sensei's well-being. The Traveler make a ruse that they had come to learn from their master seeing that the disciples were wary beyond reason. [[Junya]] apologizes, stating that with all the trouble recently, he is on high alert. Their sensei, [[Domon]], is believed to be possessed and is recovering, explaining his history and that he took a turn for the worse when his Vision was taken. As such, they have hired shrine maidens from the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] to exorcise the demon possessing him.

While the exorcism is in motion, Paimon spots a suspicious person nearby and the Traveler pursues them. The man is surprised they caught up so fast, believing Domon had improved their skills in the past few years. He reveals himself to be [[Anzai]], the oldest disciple of his sensei in the art until Domon surpassed both him and their master. When he heard Domon had lost his mind, he came back to see if the rumors were true &mdash; to his surprise, Domon called out for him. He then tells them to head back to the dojo as he suspects the ritual is about to end.

The exorcism has ended, but the maiden, [[Inagi Hotomi]], had not sensed any demon possessing Domon. However, she is unsure if another form of demon has possessed him, and tells them that [[Lady Yae]] has taken notice of the unusual case. She tells them to come to the shrine tomorrow and leaves. At the shrine, Yae inspects Domon and states that he is not possessed, much to the disciples' surprise. The Vision gave Domon immense aspirations, and when it was seized, the gruesome fact that he had destroyed the aspirations of his past deeds, rushed back into him, turning him maniacal. Anzai then walks in, much to Domon's surprise and tells him that he had accepted the fact that his aspirations were gone and had "passed" them to Domon. Now that Domon's aspirations are gone, he urges them to pass it to his disciples, who are still willing to learn from him. Domon eventually realizes the meaning behind Anzai's words and promises to, thanking Yae for her help with his disciples before leaving.

Yae then speaks with the Traveler, having anticipated their arrival, albeit premature &mdash; nonetheless, she mysteriously states that she has high expectations for them and they better not disappoint her. Paimon then suggests they return to Ayaka.

----

;A Flower Blooms In Prison
Ayaka introduces herself in person this time and explains the reasoning to why she sent them to three former Vision bearers &mdash; seeing the suffering first hand, making the Traveler finally agrees to help. Heading to the teahouse, Ayaka explains about the resistance's actions. One of their operations, creating fake Visions, was halted when the craftsman responsible for making them, [[Master Masakatsu]], had been arrested. Ayaka wishes to break him out, but cannot risk either herself or Thoma to lead the operation &mdash; therefore, the Traveler would do the job. She states that there will be more people willing to help and sends them to the [[Naganohara Fireworks]].

There, they find members of the Tenryou Commission threaten a Vision bearer. Before the Traveler could intervene, a woman grabs their attention. Paimon scolds them for not interfering as the samurai take the Vision. Apparently it was all a ruse and the woman, [[Yoimiya]], is known by the people of Inazuma for her fireworks &mdash; despite this, she was not exempt, but managed to elude confiscation due to Masakatsu's craftsmanship. Yoimiya learns from Paimon that the two were sent by Ayaka to break Masakatsu out.

Arriving at the police station, the Traveler and Yoimiya enter through a backdoor, upon which she leaves them to finish her "gift". The three eventually arrive at the main holding cell where the guards are torturing Masakatsu. But before they can do anything, [[Kujou Sara]] comes in, checks on Masakatsu and then scolds the guards for torture. She soon hears Yoimiya's footsteps and orders the guards to investigate. Yoimiya then sets off her "gift" to distract the guards as they rescue Masakatsu. Sara then spots them in the act, but allows them to leave as she knows Masakatsu needs urgent care, but warns the craftsman that she'll bring him back in when he's recovered.

Yoimiya and Masakatsu thank the Traveler and Paimon, who then return to the teahouse to inform Ayaka of the good news. Thoma also states that the Tenryou Commission has been tasked with a "ceremony" of sorts and suggests they spend the next few days relaxing, which Ayaka accepts. After having a [[Hot Pot Game|hot pot "game"]], the group separates.

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|zhs     = 不动鸣神，恒常乐土
|zhs_rm  = Bùdòng Míngshén, Héngcháng Lètǔ
|zht     = 不動鳴神，恆常樂土
|zht_rm  = Bùdòng Míngshén, Héngcháng Lètǔ
|zh_tl   = The Immovable [[Narukami]] and the Eternal Euthymia
|ja      = 鳴神不動、恒常楽土
|ja_rm   = Narukami Fudou, Koujou Rakudo
|ja_tl   = The Immovable [[Narukami]] and the Eternal Euthymia
|ko      = 부동의 번개 신, 영원한 낙토
|ko_rm   = Budong-ui Beongae Sin, Yeongwonhan Nakto
|ko_tl   = The Immovable [[Narukami|Lightning God]] and the Eternal {{w|Sukhāvatī}}
|es      = La diosa inmutable y la utopía eterna
|es_tl   = The Immutable Goddess and the Eternal Utopia
|fr      = Divinité impitoyable et euthymie éternelle
|fr_tl   = Ruthless Divinity and Eternal Euthymia
|ru      = Неизменный бог и вечная утопия
|ru_tl   = The Invariable God and Eternal Utopia
|th      = เทพเจ้าผู้เป็นนิรันดร์ที่ไม่สั่นคลอน
|th_rm   = Thepchao Phu Pen Ni Ran Da Thi Mai San Khlon
|th_tl   = The Unwavering Eternal God
|vi      = {{tt|Lôi Thần|雷神}} {{tt|Uy Nghiêm|威严}}, {{tt|Địa Đàng|地堂}} {{tt|Vĩnh Hằng|永恒}}
|vi_tl   = The Majestic [[Narukami|Lightning God]] and the Eternal Utopia
|de      = Der unbewegliche Gott und die ewige Utopie
|de_tl   = The Immovable God and the Eternal Utopia
|id      = Dewa Kekal dan Tanah Keabadian
|id_tl   = Eternal God and the Immortal Lands
|pt      = A Imovível Deusa e a Eutimia Eterna
|pt_tl   = The Immovable Goddess and the Eternal Euthymia
|tr      = Sarsılmaz Tanrı ve Sonsuz Durgunluk
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La dea inamovibile e l'eutimia eterna
|it_tl   = The Immovable Goddess and the Eternal Euthymia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:La diosa inmutable y la utopía eterna]]
[[fr:Divinité impitoyable et euthymie éternelle]]
[[ja:鳴神不動、恒常楽土]]
[[pt-br:A Imovível Deusa e a Eutimia Eterna]]
[[ru:Неизменный бог и вечная утопия]]