{{Event Tabs}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = The Chalk Prince and the Dragon Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = The Chalk Prince and the Dragon
}}
'''The Chalk Prince and the Dragon''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|20;For a Tomorrow Without Tears;Traveler Observation Report|display=bullet|requirements=1}}

==List of Acts==
* Act I - [[Festering Desire (Quest)|Festering Desire]]
* Act II - [[Archon's Rival]]
* Act III - [[Raiders Amidst Snow Mist]]
* Act IV - [[Uninvited Guests]]
* Act v - [[Afterword (The Chalk Prince and the Dragon)|Afterword]]

==Summary==
===Act I - Festering Desire===
{{Main|Festering Desire (Quest)}}
After your journey up Dragonspine, you and Paimon prepare to head back to the adventurer camp in the foothills to have a look. There, you meet Sucrose, who asks for your help in investigating Albedo's "secret."

Accepting her request, you go off and find Albedo and strike up a conversation with him. Discovering his secret proves an effortless task &mdash; it is an unusual sword. To unlock its secrets, Albedo asks you to use it in battle on the Snowy Mountain.

===Act II - Archon's Rival===
{{Main|Archon's Rival}}
It's revealed that [[Durin]] was considered to be strong enough to rival the [[Barbatos|Anemo Archon]], explaining why the [[Fatui]] appeared upon receiving intelligence of the [[Festering Desire|sword]] that contains Durin's powers.

===Act III - Raiders Amidst Snow Mist===
{{Main|Raiders Amidst Snow Mist}}
It is revealed that [[Cyrus]] is championing an expedition up the mountain, and Albedo is keeping him in the dark about the sword.

===Act IV - Uninvited Guests===
{{Main|Uninvited Guests}}
You run into Sucrose on the Dragonspine mountain, who rescued [[Reckless Pallad]], who was out on the expedition with [[Cyrus]], from a snow pit, while roaming in her free time. It seems she has already forgotten about her investigation as it has already been a week. You show her the [[Festering Desire]] sword and she concludes that Albedo puts a great deal of trust in the Traveler.

After returning to a makeshift adventurer camp to grab food, the group runs into Reckless Pallad who has gotten lost again. As they try to leave however, a Fatui member attacks but he is defeated by the group. Albedo hears the ruckus and rejoins the group, and reveals that he knew Sucrose would eventually find her way here due to her magnetism to the obscure knowledge and mystery, and that he isn't bothered about her knowing about the sword.

During the conversation, the Reckless Pallad who is suffering from the cold mistakes the Festering Desire's light for a source of warmth and knocks into the Traveler resulting in the sword releasing some of its life force into a nearby dead Cryo Regisvine, reviving it. After defeating the [[Resurgent Cryo Regisvine]], Albedo theorizes that the Regisvine originally withered and died as it was unable to purify the corruption on the mountain. He enlists the Traveler's assistance again.

===Act V - Afterword===
{{Main|Afterword (The Chalk Prince and the Dragon)}}
The [[Traveler]] returns with the [[Festering Desire]] at its peak power. [[Albedo]] handles the sword and extracts the purified life force from within the sword into a bottle, and gifts the Traveler the leftover sword as a memento. Albedo then bids them farewell as his research is completed.

After the Traveler leaves, Albedo notes that he resonates with [[Durin]]'s life force, and mentions his master, [[Rhinedottir]],<ref>{{Ref/CS|Albedo|2}}</ref> pondering if the meeting was or was not a good thing.

==Descriptions==
{{Description|The power that surges beneath the earth attracts monsters that desire it. Since Festering Desire also yearns for power and will grow as you continue to fight, this may be a good place to test it out.|Testing Grounds}}
{{Description|The Warming Seelie trace the path of the fallen dragon's might as it flows through the ley lines. If you follow these Seelie and defeat those who come forth, coveting power, perhaps you may be able to accumulate energy for the sword that Albedo gave you...|Draconic Pilgrimage}}
{{Description|Absorbing the power from the sword, the [[Cryo Regisvine]] that should have withered has miraculously revived and has become stronger still...|Frostborn Miracle}}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|The Chalk Prince and the Dragon|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|The Chalk Prince and the Dragon}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|The Chalk Prince and the Dragon Soundtracks|type=quest}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:白亜と黒龍/ストーリー]]
[[ru:Принц мела и дракон/История]]