{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79027
|image         = Event Quest The Final Treasure.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|characters    = Miitoboru; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Minacious Isle/2.8|Minacious Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Minacious Isle
|prev          = Treasure Voyage
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Final Treasure''''' is an event [[World Quest]] in [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Miitoboru]]
# Board Miitoboru
# Sail to where the treasure lies
#* The quest restarts from the previous step if the Traveler leaves the guiding light
# Sail through the thunderstorm
# Talk to Kosekimaru
# Go collect the treasure
# Report back to Kosekimaru

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Miitoboru seems to have some request or another. Talk to him and learn the details...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On obtaining the quest)
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Didn't Miitoboru say he wanted to meet us, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go find him and see what it's about!

;(Talk to Miitoboru)
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Ahoy, here you are. I thought you'd be too busy flying around the islands with those wings o' yours.
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Bet you've long forgotten your old mate Miitoboru, sitting there slowly soaking away in the ocean.
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here now, aren't we!
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you said you needed our help. What's up?
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It's not that important... Remember when you helped me find the missing pieces of my body?
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' How can I put it... I'm not sure if it's because I've fulfilled my wishes, or if these waters are slowly diminishing my ability to talk...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Recently, I find myself sleeping most of the time rather than staying conscious...
:{{DIcon}} Is it because the machine was turned off...
:{{DIcon}} Is Miitoboru also affected by the machine...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 06.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I see... So it's because of some contraption that I became your Waverider and could communicate with you, {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Does that mean that once the effects of the machine wear off, Miitoboru won't be able to talk anymore?
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We gotta do something before it's too late, {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Haha, there'll be no need for that, Paimon... I am quite content that I had the chance to talk to you at all.
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Argh... The more I think about it, for me, as a ship, to have gotten to talk to you in the past few days... It really is a wondrous thing, the stuff dreams are made of...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But now, I need to ask you for one more favor...
:{{DIcon}} Tell us.
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 10.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Remember when I told you that once we found my body, I'd take you for a cruise? Well, it seems my body was reduced to a slew of sorry shipwrecks...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' And most of the treasure was taken away, leaving nothing good for you...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 12.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But this time, I swear as a mighty pirate ship, there be treasure ahoy, and a fine treasure at that! Or else may I be strangled by seagrass and fed to the fish! Just trust me one last time!
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, {{Traveler}}, since Miitoboru probably won't be able to speak soon...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And... Since there really is treasure this time... Let's go, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you never change.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, go on then...
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Time to set sail!
:{{A|vo clwq002 1 bigmeatmaru 13.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Argh! Come on then, me hearties! Time to come aboard!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Collect the treasure that Miitoboru mentioned with him<!--sic missing period-->}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{Black Screen|As you speak, the area around you becomes shrouded in fog...}}
:{{A|vo clwq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, why did it get so foggy all of a sudden... Wow, {{Traveler}}, look! There's a lot more lights on the sea!
:{{A|vo clwq002 2 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Those lights are from [[Inazuma]]. I haven't seen them for many a year... Follow them...
:{{A|vo clwq002 2 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' They look just like fishing lanterns. I feel like I'm back in the port at Seirai, with the fishing boats lining the harbor at night...

;(If the Traveler leaves the area of lights)
:{{Black Screen|Having left the guiding light, you lose your way amidst the fog.}}
;(Continue following the lights)
:{{A|vo clwq002 3 bigmeatmaru 01a 1.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Even pirates don't get to go on adventures every day. When he had free time, [[Ako Domeki|Zaemon]] would take us out fishing.
;(If the player has not obtained [["The Catch"]])
::{{A|vo clwq002 3 bigmeatmaru 01b 2.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' He would harpoon fish with his barbed spear. I never saw him miss once. I do wonder where he is now...
::{{A|vo clwq002 3 bigmeatmaru 01b 3.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But knowing him, I'm sure he would do everything he could to return to Seirai...
;(If the player has obtained [["The Catch"]])
::{{A|vo clwq002 3 bigmeatmaru 01a 2.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' He would harpoon fish with his barbed spear. I never saw him miss once. You have [["The Catch"|"the Catch"]] with you, don't you? I've sensed it for some time now... Ah, those were good times.
::{{A|vo clwq002 3 bigmeatmaru 01a 3.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I'm sure he's still sailing across the sea, charting a course towards his dreams.

;(Continue following the lights)
:{{A|vo clwq002 4 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Oh, oh! I just remembered, I've got two things to tell you. First of all, I've remembered my name...
:{{A|vo clwq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! So, Miitoboru... no wait. So, Mr. Ship, what's your real name?
:{{A|vo clwq002 4 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' The [[Asase Hibiki|Maiden of Asase Shrine]] named me {{Color|buzzword|"Kosekimaru."}} Most of my mates were from [[Koseki Village]], and she hoped I could take them back to their hometown...
:{{A|vo clwq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kosekimaru... Hmm, Paimon still prefers Miitoboru, but Kosekimaru's a nice name too.
:{{A|vo clwq002 4 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But I... I failed them. If only I could have been stronger, I might've been able to survive the thunderstorm and make it back to Koseki Village with my friends safe and sound...

;(Continue following the lights)
:{{Black Screen|In but a few breaths, thunder and lightning begin raging across the skies..}}
:{{A|vo clwq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, where'd that thunder come from... Be careful!
:{{A|vo clwq002 5 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' This thunderstorm is just like the one on that day... And so were the Inazuman lights we saw, too. Is this all happening because of me? Festering fishbait... I'm going to drag everyone down with me...
:{{A|vo clwq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, Miito... Kosekimaru! You can do it!
:{{A|vo clwq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sail through the thunderstorm, Kosekimaru!

;(Navigating through the thunderstorm)
:{{A|vo clwq002 5 kosekimaru 01.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' Aye, you're right, I am the proud Kosekimaru, pirate ship under the command of the mighty pirate, Ako Domeki!
:{{A|vo clwq002 5 kosekimaru 02.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' The wood of Seirai made my flesh and bones, and the Shrine Maiden of Asase gave me my name. I have sailed the seas for decades, never once leaving my friends behind! Even when fighting the strongest foes, I never feared, nor faltered!
:{{A|vo clwq002 5 kosekimaru 03.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' A little thunder and lightning can't stop me! Ha! Watch me breeze through it!

;(Talk to Kosekimaru)
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that was close. Paimon was sure we were gonna sink!
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kosekimaru, you're amazing!
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 kosekimaru 01.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' Haha, a talking ship is still just a ship. {{Traveler}}'s superb sailing skill was what saw us safely through the storm.
:{{DIcon}} Do you wanna go again?
::{{A|vo clwq002 6 kosekimaru 02a.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' Haha, I'd rather not.
:{{DIcon}} You're too kind.
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 kosekimaru 03.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' *sigh* I'm afraid I may have triggered the thunderstorm. These waters are less stable than they once were...
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 kosekimaru 04.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' But... we've arrived! {{Traveler}}, Paimon, the treasure is right up there!
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't this the place we first visited when we were looking for treasure? There was nothing here but half of Kosekimaru's hull!
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 kosekimaru 05.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' I am certain that there's treasure up there this time. It's... What did I call it again? It's the intuition of a mighty pirate ship!
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a minute... You said you had two things to tell us, right? And the first one was that you'd remembered your name. What was the other one?
:{{A|vo clwq002 6 kosekimaru 06.ogg}} '''Kosekimaru:''' Hahaha, I thought you'd already forgotten. I'll tell you when you come back!

:{{A|vo clwq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Surely the treasure should be near Kosekimaru's shipwreck...
:{{A|vo clwq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go and check it out, {{Traveler}}!

;(Pick up the model ship)
;(Obtain [[Storm Braver]])
:{{A|vo clwq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, there really is treasure here this time! That's so strange, how did we miss it last time?
:{{A|vo clwq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on! Let's go find Kosekimaru and show him what we've found!

;(Talk to Kosekimaru)
:{{A|vo clwq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kosekimaru, Kosekimaru!
:{{A|vo clwq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We found the treasure. Look, it's a model pirate ship! Your intuition finally worked this time!
:{{A|vo clwq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what's the other thing you wanted to tell us?
:'''Kosekimaru:''' ...
:{{A|vo clwq002 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kosekimaru?
:'''Kosekimaru:''' (The ship named Kosekimaru does not respond...)
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} Kosekimaru can't speak anymore...
:{{A|vo clwq002 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Hmph, but he said he'd tell us when we returned.
:{{A|vo clwq002 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kosekimaru... you're a big fat liar!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*Even after completing this quest, Miitoboru will continue to speak [[Kosekimaru#Dialogue|his unvoiced dialogue]] while traveling through the Golden Apple Archipelago overworld.
*The second thing Kosekimaru was going to tell them is written on the hull of [[Storm Braver]]: "Secondly: the people of the sea never say goodbye out loud."

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/oBe3JN8XNlQ
|caption1 = The Final Treasure Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Final Treasure
|zhs     = 最后的宝藏
|zhs_rm  = Zuìhòu de Bǎozàng
|zht     = 最後的寶藏
|zht_rm  = Zuìhòu de Bǎozàng
|zh_tl   = The Final Treasure
|ja      = 最後のお宝
|ja_rm   = Saigo no Otakara
|ja_tl   = The Final Treasure
|ko      = 최후의 보물
|ko_rm   = Choehu-ui Bomul
|ko_tl   = The Final Treasure
|es      = El último tesoro
|es_tl   = The Last Treasure
|fr      = Le dernier trésor
|fr_tl   = The Last Treasure
|ru      = Последнее сокровище
|ru_tl   = The Final Treasure
|th      = สมบัติชิ้นสุดท้าย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kho Báu Cuối Cùng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der letzte Schatz
|de_tl   = The Final Treasure
|id      = Harta Karun Terakhir
|id_tl   = The Last Treasure
|pt      = O Último Tesouro
|pt_tl   = The Last Treasure
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[pt-br:O Último Tesouro]]