{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73700
|title         = The Recollector's Path
|image         = Event Quest The Recollector's Path Part 4.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Recollector's Path
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Sorush; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Vourukasha Oasis]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Realm of Farakhkert
|subarea       = Vourukasha Oasis
|prev          = The Recollector's Path (Part 3)
|next          = The Recollector's Path (Part 5)
|rewards       = Primogem*10;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
}}
'''''The Recollector's Path''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Recollector's Path]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Zurvan
# Head to the specified location and complete the trial
# Talk to Sorush

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After speaking of Mihir and the Oceanids, Sorush seemed to be at a loss. Zurvan's training has now progressed beyond its midpoint...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Zurvan)
:'''Zurvan:''' Without knowing, the training has progressed to its latter half. How are things going?
:{{DIcon}} You can say we're hitting our stride.
:{{DIcon}} There's still some room for improvement.
:'''Paimon:''' Though when Sorush tells us stories, there really seems to be some self-reflection happening...
:'''Zurvan:''' Dialogue is a good way for Sorush to learn, especially as the people she's talking to are more interesting than those of the Order of Skeptics.
:'''Sorush:''' Elder, you are being arbitrary... {{Traveler}} is a remarkable Yasnapati, but not all of the Order of Skeptics's members are...
:'''Zurvan:''' Perhaps they do have momentary instances of virtue between sessions of flattery and deception.
:'''Sorush:''' Ugh...
:'''Zurvan:''' I see you still need convincing. We will let our witnesses, {{Traveler}} and Paimon, give a review regarding your performance. Of course, that is after you finish your recounting.
----
;(After completing the two trials)
:'''Paimon:''' It's so quiet. No one's here.
:'''Sorush:''' Even if Rashnu was here, it should still be quite quiet...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, but if she was here, we would need to talk softer. She always has that sleepy look on her face, and she didn't seem too happy when we woke her using the Kory Drums.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that the quieter someone is, the worse it gets when they get angry. Who knows what Rashnu is like when she's enraged...
:'''Sorush:''' Then, should that be true, my Yasnapati is the one we should fear the most, yes?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh, Paimon knows {{MC|m=him|f=her}} the best. Though {{Traveler}} isn't one for talking, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} is still super nice. Right?
:{{DIcon}} I am about to get mad for real. Rawr.
::'''Paimon:''' See. Not scary at all.
:{{DIcon}} ...
::'''Paimon:''' ...Okay, {{Traveler}}, you gotta say something! The silence IS actually making Paimon nervous...
:'''Sorush:''' Very well. Let us refocus.
:'''Sorush:''' As you behold, this tree is called Barsom, and Rashnu is its familiar, though she is absent right now.
:'''Paimon:''' And?
:'''Sorush:''' And? And nothing. There's nothing more to say of Rashnu and the Barsom.
:'''Paimon:''' Feels like you are hiding something... Right, about the Kory Drums...
:'''Sorush:''' H&mdash;Hiding? Absurd. As for the drums... Haven't you already seen them in use?
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Paimon remembers Rashnu saying that she's the one who threw the Kory Drums elsewhere. That really surprised Nasejuna.
:'''Paimon:''' If Paimon recalls, you were really nervous then, and didn't respond to Nasejuna's questioning.
:'''Paimon:''' The way it looks now, the Order of Skeptics's archives were reaaallly off the mark.
:{{DIcon}} Though playing the drums did wake Rashnu.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon seems to understand why Zurvan doesn't trust the current Order of Skeptics. Think, Sorush. Did they really help? The clues they gave are half-truths at best...
:'''Sorush:''' Umm...
:'''Sorush:''' The current generation of the Order of Skeptics indeed does have some lacking members, but like a tree, no matter how many leaves flourish, there will always be some that will shrivel and dry.
:'''Sorush:''' Once these dry leaves break and scatter, those that will remain... They will be the ones that can be relied upon... Yes.
:'''Sorush:''' ...How did the Order of Skeptics become like this?
:{{DIcon}} I also want to know that.
:'''Sorush:''' It is because I have been with the Order of Skeptics too long that I grew unable to discern their gradual changes...
:'''Sorush:''' Only when I began to speak with you and other outsiders did I realize the Order of Skeptics had changed.
:'''Paimon:''' It has been a few hundred years. Besides their name being the same, they must've cycled through a few generations of different members already.
:'''Sorush:''' Will the fame I seek, the fame I wish for the Yasnapati to eulogize for me, also erode into this... with everything changed, carrying only a hollow title for others to recall?
:'''Sorush:''' Is that what my elder wishes that I learn? No, it shouldn't be... But...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Sorush, there's no need to be down! Maybe... Maybe Zurvan didn't mean that...
:'''Paimon:''' Seeing Sorush so depressed makes Paimon feel like she did something wrong... Maybe we should have Zurvan cheer her up.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=The Recollector's Path}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Jornada das Infindáveis Memórias (Parte 4)]]