{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73066
|image         = World Quest The Final Chapter.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Agnihotra Sutra
|part          = 3
|characters    = Aragaru; Aranaga; Aranakin; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mawtiyima Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lokapala Jungle
|subarea       = Mawtiyima Forest
|prev          = Risen Moon Chapter
|prev2         = Starry Night Chapter
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Primogem*50;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4;Stories of You and the Aranara*1;Aranaga's Flower*1;Aranakin's Flower*1;Aragaru's Flower*1;Withered Kusava*1
|rep           = Sumeru
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 476
|repTitle      = Agnihotra Sutra
}}
'''''The Final Chapter''''' is the third and final part of the [[Agnihotra Sutra]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Mawtiyima Forest]]
# Talk to the Aranara
# Go with Aranaga to look for the Yajna Grass
# Talk to Aranaga
# Use the Kusava to break the seal on the Yajna Grass (0/3)
#* Use the [["Kusava"|Kusava]] to raise the platform. For the northern seal, you must remove the barrier first by using the [[Dendrogranum]] and making Charged Attacks at the floating objects.
# Pick the Yajna Grass
# Talk to Aranaga
# Return to Aranaga's little garden
# Talk to Aranaga
# Wait until the moon hangs high in the sky (23:00 – 01:00)
# Perform the [[Arahaoma]] ritual
# Talk to the Aranara
# Go to Jamikayomars and offer the elixir
# Talk to the Aranara
# Go to [[Mawtiyima]]
# Reach Mawtiyima
# Talk to the Aranara
# Clean up the pollution caused by [[The Withering]] (0/3)
#* Follow the greenish pink [[Seelie]] to the polluted areas in the northeast, northwest, and then south.
#* At each polluted area, you must activate two seals to restore the [[Dendrogranum]].
#* Use the [["Kusava"|Kusava]] to destroy plant-eroded stones (green), repair the seals (yellow), or raise platforms (red). You can change the color by pressing E key (PC).
#* Use the restored Dendrogranum and make a Charged Attack at the polluted flower.
# Go and clear the last Withering Zone
# Defeat the mutated Fungi
#* {{Enemy|Grounded Hydroshroom}} &mdash; Gamal
#* {{Enemy|Winged Cryoshroom}} &mdash; Alap
#* {{Enemy|Winged Dendroshroom}} &mdash; Bet
#* {{Enemy|Floating Hydro Fungus|x=2}}
#* {{Enemy|Whirling Cryo Fungus|x=2}}
#* {{enemy|Floating Dendro Fungus|x=1}}
# Clean up the last Withering Zone
# Talk to the Aranara

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest grants the [[Wonders of the World]] Achievement ''[[The Jasmines Whisper, the Pomegranates Are Glad]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Aranaga is waiting for you in the Mawtiyima Forest. Hurry, go help him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Aranara seems to have something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Aranara)
:'''???:''' Golden Nara... Yep, that's right, Nara {{Traveler}}, and the Floaty, White Floaty.
:'''Aranaga:''' Hello, Aranaga, I am! Been waiting here for a long time, I have!
:'''Paimon:''' We've also been looking for you for a long time, little bean!
:'''Aranaga:''' Aranaga, I am. Little bean, I am not. Soft-Fluffy White-Mushroom Floaty.
:'''Paimon:''' Soft and fluffy... white mushroom? What? Are you talking about Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's silhouette does resemble a mushroom.
::'''Paimon:''' No, it does not!
::{{DIcon}} I'm {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Little bean is right. Paimon is indeed soft and fluffy.
::'''Paimon:''' It's weird to hear you say that!
::'''Aranaga:''' It's not little bean, it's Aranaga. Golden melon Nara is doofus Nara, likes to be bad.
::{{DIcon}} I'm {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' And Paimon is Paimon, hello!
:'''Paimon:''' Um... Aramango, what can we do for you?
:'''Aranaga:''' It's Aranaga. My friends, Nara {{Traveler}} must have met. They are the ones who led you here, correct?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, we met your two little friends! They said we could meet you here.
:'''Aranaga:''' Welcome to the Mawtiyima Forest, my garden, this is. Many flora friends, mushroom friends here. Here, they love.
:'''Aranaga:''' Because is here, Mawtiyima. Protects us, protects the forest, Mawtiyima. So can gather with friends, help friends thrive, Aranaga.
:'''Aranaga:''' But need help, we. Can give help, Nara {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' So... What do you want us to help with?
:{{DIcon}} Chase away Fungi for you?
:{{DIcon}} Rejuvenate the soil for you?
:'''Aranaga:''' Yes, yes, correct you are, Nara {{Traveler}}.
:'''Aranaga:''' Turning into a dull color, Mawtiyima is very sad... But you guys can definitely help, she said. So I waited for you here.
:'''Paimon:''' Morty... mi-amore... momma-mia? Argh! However you pronounce it! What is it?
:'''Aranaga:''' It's what [[Nara Varuna]] left behind, gathering the Elements and nutrients to feed the forest, Mawtiyima.
:'''Aranaga:''' "...During the first moon, made the Fungi came to life, Mawtiyima. During the second moon, the branches woke up."
:'''Aranaga:''' "On the ground, the moon cast shadows, shadows of the chattering leaves..."
:'''Aranaga:''' "During the third moon, startled lazy flowers from sleep, Mawtiyima. They blossomed one by one, lively and rambunctious," said the long-lived trees...
:'''Aranaga:''' But after many, many more moons, [[Marana]] came out of the moons' shadows and devoured Mawtiyima.
:'''Aranaga:''' They came too, the walking Shroom-Kin, not afraid of Marana, but very frightening.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon is getting more and more confused...
:'''Aranaga:''' Because White Floaty is silly.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, why are all of you like this!
:'''Aranaga:''' Oh, you should have the Kusava already.
:'''Aranaga:''' Don't eat it. Is for waking mushrooms and vines, the Kusava.
:'''Aranaga:''' When mushrooms and vines wake up, they will carry everyone higher so that you can find the Yajna Grass!
:'''Paimon:''' Yammering Grass? What's that?
:'''Aranaga:''' It's "Yajna," destinated to turn into Arahaoma. Very cute and pitiful.
:'''Aranaga:''' Over there, its home is. I point it to you, I take you to see.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, find it and then what do we do?
:'''Aranaga:''' Make it and its other two friends into Arahaoma, then open the... pass?... puzz?... of vines that leads to Mawtiyima... Use Arahaoma.
:'''Paimon:''' You mean "path"?
:'''Aranaga:''' Yes, Nara call a flat stripe with no grass a "path." Nara don't like plants. Aranara like plants. But the meanings, same.
:'''Aranaga:''' Only this way will Marana recede, Mawtiyima said. Everyone is also urging me, flowers and trees.
:{{DIcon}} So you came to us?
:{{DIcon}} Why us?
:'''Aranaga:''' Golden Nara, very much like Nara Varuna. Save the forest, save us, must be... should be able to.
:'''Paimon:''' For some reason that last pause really annoys Paimon...
:'''Aranaga:''' Aranara trust you, so please trust Aranaga as well. Let Aranaga bring you there.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, by the looks of your eagerness, it seems like something very serious.
:'''Aranaga:''' Serious, yes. Be ahead of the moon, not behind.
:'''Paimon:''' What's this about behind the moon now...?
:{{DIcon}} He meant time's running out.
:{{DIcon}} We have to pick up the pace.
:'''Aranaga:''' I'll take you to the Yajna Grass.

;(Go with Aranaga)
:'''Aranaga:''' In ancient language, trees and plants' language, the meaning of "Yajna Grass" was "the falling petals."
:'''Aranaga:''' Yajna was born to fall away. Because falling is fulfillment, not death.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? What do you mean by fulfillment?
:'''Aranaga:''' Well... In Nara language, fulfillment and death are the same. But fulfillment inspires life. It is... a happy death!
:'''Paimon:''' What? You're saying some really scary stuff...
:'''Aranaga:''' Hehe... Might not understand it now but will understand in time, White Floaty.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Aranaga told you the location of the Yajna Grass. Next, it is time to go with him to find it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Yajna Grass)
:'''Aranaga:''' Here it is! The Yajna Grass! It's protected, the Yajna Grass!
:'''Aranaga:''' Unseal it, and then we can talk to the Yajna Grass!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Work with Aranaga to break the seal on the Yajna Grass.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the submerged platform to the southwest)
:'''Aranaga:''' Here! Use the Kusava!

;(Approach the submerged platform to the south)
:'''Aranaga:''' Finally, we're here! Amazing, {{Traveler}} is. Take the Kusava out, yes, right here.

;(Approach the submerged platform to the north)
:'''Aranaga:''' Here! Use the Kusava over here!

;(Break the first seal)
:'''Paimon:''' The seal is lifted here!

;(Break the second seal)
:'''Paimon:''' We're done here too!

;(Break the last seal)
:'''Paimon:''' Great! Now the seal should be gone.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The seal on the Yajna Grass has been lifted. You now just need to pick it with Aranaga.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Yanja Grass)
:'''Paimon:''' The Yajna Grass is right here!
:'''Aranaga:''' Excuse me, please. Let me say a few words, with the Yajna Grass.
:'''Paimon:''' Though it's the garden of Aranaga, there is only one Yajna Grass here...
:'''Aranaga:''' There were many, once. Whenever the moon rose or fell, a Yajna Grass would grow...
:'''Aranaga:''' But it came, Marana. In the wake of Marana, walking Shroom-Kin came. They ate and ate. Died, many Yajna Grass, leaving just this one.
:'''Paimon:''' Then what are you guys gonna do after we use the Yammering Grass to make Arahaoma?
:'''Aranaga:''' It's the Yajna Grass, White Mushroom silly. But no need to worry. The important seeds are kept safe by Jamikayomars. The gate of Mawtiyima, Jamikayomars is guarding.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees...
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't Aranaga still need to catch up on the old times, with the Yajna Grass...?
:{{DIcon}} There's no time to lose. Let's take the Yajna Grass away.
:{{Black Screen|Aranaga whispers to the plant for a while...}}
:'''Aranaga:''' Willing to become Arahaoma, he said.
:'''Aranaga:''' And... Thank you.
:'''Aranaga:''' Next, let's go to Jamikayomars, together.
:'''Paimon:''' Then lead the way, little bean!
:'''Aranaga:''' Little bean, not! Aranaga! Floaty is mean!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, okay, Paimon is not mean!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Aranaga's little garden is close to Jamikayomars. You can't miss it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Aranaga seems to have something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Aranaga)
:'''Aranaga:''' Over here, Jamikayomars is!
:'''Aranaga:''' Nara Varuna's memory cup grows here, so the name is Jamikayomars. Jamikayomars is guarding Mawtiyima, so cannot enter, those bad guys.
:'''Paimon:''' But... Where, the Marana you spoke of is?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, anything unusual, we haven't seen...
::'''Paimon:''' Talking like this? Since when did you start...
:{{DIcon}} Talking in this way as well, Paimon is.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! That's none of your business!
:'''Aranaga:''' Mawtiyima has been infiltrated by Marana. So we must infuse Arahaoma into Jamikayomars.
:'''Aranaga:''' He will open the path for us, once Jamikayomars remembers it all, then we go in and rescue Mawtiyima.
:{{DIcon}} What is it, Arahaoma?
:'''Aranaga:''' The essence of memory, messenger that drives away death, the elixir Arahaoma is. Carries our memories, carries our life, the elixir Arahaoma.
:'''Aranaga:''' To make Arahaoma, three types of plants are required: Yajna Grass and its friends, [[Barsam Flower]] and [[Zohrah Mushroom]].
:'''Aranaga:''' Under the moonlight, with the precious memories, refine them, so that the potion can be complete.
:'''Aranaga:''' After Arahaoma is offered, Jamikayomars will awaken, then our memory will flow out, flow into the forest.
:'''Aranaga:''' Mawtiyima, will be saved.
:{{DIcon}} About the memory...
:'''Aranaga:''' Nara language, I don't know how to use. Memory, dead, frozen, many Nara believe. Memory will be lost, many Nara believe.
:'''Aranaga:''' But it is alive, flowing, not lost... It needs to be nourished.
:'''Aranaga:''' There are dreams because there is memory. Memory is nourished, so there is life.
:'''Aranaga:''' So, it can grow, the thing to repel Marana.
:'''Aranaga:''' Oh, what's that Nara word... I'm stuck. Don't know how to say it.
:{{DIcon}} You mean courage?
::'''Aranaga:''' Yes, that's right. Seeds must be sturdy to withstand Marana. Only seeds with hard shells will not let Marana penetrate their soft cores. Only seeds with thorns will prick Marana.
:{{DIcon}} I'm guessing you mean "hope"?
::'''Aranaga:''' Yeah, right you are, Golden Nara {{Traveler}}. The thing that flows, cannot be seen, cannot be touched... Hope. Like the wind... But it never dissipates, like a dream.
:{{DIcon}} Is it... wisdom?
::'''Aranaga:''' Wisdom... Flowing memory, wisdom. Stagnant wisdom, Marana's lair. So, living memory gives birth to living wisdom, and dead Marana will dissipate. Nara Varuna said... that the dead cannot defeat the living.
:'''Aranaga:''' But first, we must have Arahaoma to awake Jamikayomars. And to make Arahaoma, we need the Barsam Flower and the Zohrah Mushroom.
:{{DIcon}} They have already been gathered.
:'''Aranaga:''' Nara {{Traveler}}, exactly the same as Nara Varuna... And golden too. Thank you.
:'''Aranaga:''' Please come back when the moon rises over the tallest tree. The ritual to obtain Arahaoma will begin then.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|When the moon is in the middle of the sky, Arahaoma's sweet dreams will merge with the slumber of the forest.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Aranaga again)
:'''Aranaga:''' There you are! Welcome!
:'''Aranaga:''' But the moon's not there yet... Would you wait a bit?
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Aranara are ready and waiting for you to perform the Arahaoma ritual...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait until 23<nowiki>:</nowiki>00)
:'''Paimon:''' It's time to meet Aranaga and the others. Let's go find them.

;(Talk to Aranakin, Aragaru, or Aranaga)
:'''Aranakin:''' Aranaga, {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s here, they're here!
:'''Aragaru:''' Yea, here, here!
:'''Aranaga:''' Here you are, Nara {{Traveler}}, White Floaty. Welcome you, the three of us.
:'''Aranakin:''' Welcome!
:'''Aragaru:''' The Arahaoma ritual is about to begin. What are we waiting for?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, aren't you guys really anxious to hold the... that ritual?
:'''Aranaga:''' Still wait for a little bit, we can. Grateful, we are. So... as is customary for Nara, precious gifts, we will give you.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... gifts? Precious gifts?
:'''Aranaga:''' Yes, indeed. Gifts! Precious gifts!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...!
:{{DIcon}} Don't get too excited, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, it might not be what you think...
:'''Aranaga:''' Our gifts are the most precious. They have life. Compared to dead things, living things, are more worth protecting.
:'''Paimon:''' See, Aranaga said it &mdash; the most precious gifts!
:'''Aranaga:''' Helped us, saved the forest, Nara {{Traveler}}. We are grateful, so... I give you, this.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh... What is this...?
:'''Aranaga:''' It's a living memory, a "remembrance," Nara calls it. Creatures that forget easily, Nara are. So must remember, use things that have life.
:'''Aranaga:''' Here, Aranaga's remembrance, is this flower. Cannot blow him away, the [[Erosion|Ad Oblivione]]; cannot destroy him, the [[Akasha System|device that takes away dreams]].
:{{DIcon}} Ad Oblivione...?
::'''Aranaga:''' Yes, the wind that flows forever, the [[Thousand Winds|thousand winds]] that return to one. But, on earth is the stream, and the ubiquitous is the wind. Everlasting, devastating.
::'''Paimon:''' You've lost Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} The thing that takes away dreams...?
::'''Aranaga:''' The living memory of nature, dream. Man-made dead thing, mechanism. Taking away living memory, grinding and crushing to extract its juice, like a grinder, for dominion and domestication... Don't like this, Aranara.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh... Why?
::'''Aranaga:''' Because the garden of freedom, the source of power, dreams and memories, not only for Aranara, but also for Nara. But Nara don't know. Not good action... extraction, grinding.
::'''Aranaga:''' Memories and dreams are gone, reason for action is gone, strength is also gone.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Paimon doesn't get it...
:'''Aranaga:''' White Floaty silly, but silly is only for now. White Floaty will know, in future.
:'''Aranakin:''' And me! Here's my flower!
:'''Aranakin:''' When you leave the forest and go back to the place full of sand, please don't forget us... Like this flower.
:'''Paimon:''' We won't forget. You can't forget us either!
:'''Aranakin:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' What's the matter? Are you upset?
:'''Aranakin:''' No, no, I'm very happy! We won't forget you all... Even if we do, you will remind us, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah!
:'''Aragaru:''' I'll give you my flower, too! Please accept it!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, thank you!
:'''Aragaru:''' I wanted to give you meaty bugs... But Aranaga said Nara don't like eating those... so I gave you a flower too!
:'''Paimon:''' It's okay, flowers are great!
:'''Aranaga:''' Is here, the moon. Is here, the moment when the moon is high up in the sky. Are you ready?
:{{DIcon}} I am ready.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon too!
:;(Start the ritual)
:{{DIcon}} I have other things to do.
::'''Aranaga:''' Alright, but it won't wait for us, the rising and setting of the moon. So hurry there and back, please do. But... No need to rush. Here, we will wait for you.

;(Talk to Aranaga, Aranakin, or Aragaru again if the player had other things to do)
:'''Aranaga:''' You're here! Welcome!
:'''Aranaga:''' Is here, the moon. Is here, the moment when the moon is high up in the sky. Are you ready?
:{{DIcon}} I am ready.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon too!
:;(Start the ritual)
:{{DIcon}} I have other things to do.
::'''Aranaga:''' Alright, but it won't wait for us, the rising and setting of the moon. So hurry there and back, please do. But... No need to rush. Here, we will wait for you.

;(Start the ritual)
::'''Aranaga:''' So... Aranakin, Aragaru, let's start the ritual.
::&ZeroWidthSpace;
::{{Black Screen|"Come, come, dreams of the garden, memories of the forest..."<br>"Come, come, wind that doesn't return, water that doesn't flow backwards..."<br>"Come, come, sweet dreams and bitter aftertastes."}}
::&ZeroWidthSpace;
::{{Black Screen|"Farewell, let us say:"<br>"Old leaves, swollen fruit..."<br>"Drifted dreams, fallen flowers."}}
::&ZeroWidthSpace;
::{{Black Screen|"Wait, let us."<br>"Season of rain returns, plants rejoice..."<br>"The pomegranate sings, the apples clap."}}
:;(Obtain {{Item|Arahaoma}}, {{Item|Aranaga's Flower}}, {{Item|Aranakin's Flower}} and {{Item|Aragaru's Flower}})

{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Aranara seem to have something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to the Aranara)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... Look, the potion is ready...
:{{DIcon}} Shh...
:{{DIcon}} Don't disturb them.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...!
:'''Aranaga:''' Finished, we are! Is here, Arahaoma!
:'''Aranaga:''' Please take good care of her. Next, we will go offer the potion to Jamikayomars.
:'''Aranakin:''' Please take good care of her! Save our dream garden together, Mawtiyima's dream.
:'''Aragaru:''' Yep! Aragaru wants to say the same!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Jamikayomars is located at the entrance of Mawtiyima. Use the elixir to awaken him and open up the closed passageway.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Aranaga:''' This is the place, Nara {{Traveler}}.
:'''Aranaga:''' Please offer Arahaoma, over here.
:{{DIcon}} (Offer Arahaoma)
:'''Aranaga:''' Look! Has accepted you, Jamikayomars.
:;(A branch suddenly grows)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! What's going on!? {{Traveler}}, be careful! Are you okay?
:{{DIcon}} I'm okay.
:{{DIcon}} That was sudden...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah...
:'''Aranaga:''' Okay, next... Um...
:'''Paimon:''' Enter the Morty Arena! ...Right?
:{{DIcon}} It's Mawtiyima.
::'''Paimon:''' How do you actually remember this name!?
:{{DIcon}} Well, we just have to go in, right...?
:'''Aranaga:''' Yes... Yes, go in. Fight Marana, together let us.
:'''Aranaga:''' New life, memory nourishes. Death is just a one-time loss of memory.
:'''Aranaga:''' So... our sacrifice, please witness, please keep it in your memories and dreams.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh...?
:{{DIcon}} We will.
:{{DIcon}} Let's talk about this when we've solved the problem.
:'''Aranaga:''' ...
:'''Aranakin:''' Okay, don't keep Mawtiyima waiting too long! Everyone's worried...
:'''Aragaru:''' Yeah! Let's go and defeat Marana together!
;(Obtain {{Item|"Kusava"}})

----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Next, you need to go to where Mawtiyima is located and face the perils of The Withering.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Reach the marked spot)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Clean up the pollution caused by The Withering and save Mawtiyima.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the cave)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no, it looks super bad here... But Paimon believes in {{Traveler}}, so there's nothing to be afraid of... y&mdash;yet...

;(Approach the Mawtiyima)
:'''Aranaga:''' The essence of memories, the powers of the Kusava... Only with these can we defeat Marana.
:'''Aranakin:''' Yes. Let's use the Kusava right now!
:'''Aranaga:''' Kusava!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Join the three Aranara in using the Kusava's power of dreams to clean up the influence of The Withering from the surrounding areas.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Fungi near the first Withering Branch)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, this one is gonna be a toughie!

;(Destroy the first Withering Branch)
:'''Aranaga:''' The Marana here has dissipated.

;(Approach the Fungi near the second Withering Branch)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, the mushroom monster here is tough!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's defeat it, or we can't get near Mawtiyima!

;(Destroy the second Withering Branch)
:'''Aranaga:''' With the Marana defeated, the plants will grow back again very quickly.

;(Approach the Fungi near the third Withering Branch)
:'''Paimon:''' There's one more! And a big one, too!

:(Destroy the third Withering Branch)
:'''Aranakin:''' Yay! That leaves us one last Marana!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|To save Mawtiyima, there is still one last Withering Zone to clear...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the last Withering Zone)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Twisted fungal beasts, exceptionally abominable thanks to the relentless environment of the Withering Zone. It is only through defeating them that the threat of The Withering can be completely eliminated!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Fight Alap, Bet, and Gamal)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Only Mawtiyima needs rescuing now. Borrow the dreams and memories of the Aranara to clean up the last Withering Zone.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Destroy the Tumor of the Withering)
;(A cutscene plays)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Withered Kusava}})
:'''Paimon:''' No monster will appear again. The Marana on that big thing has also faded... In this case, the Morty Arena should soon come back to life, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... The three little guys haven't left yet. How about we go talk to them again?
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|It's over, but the Aranara seem to still have something to say to you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Aranaga, Aranakin, or Aragaru)
:'''Aranaga:''' Thank you, Nara... Golden Nara. For all that you've done, thank you.
:'''Aranaga:''' Free of the burden of Marana, Mawtiyima is. She is very happy, Mawtiyima.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, we just happened to be passing by so we lent a hand! That Morty Arena should be thanking you guys!
:'''Aranaga:''' Is that so...
:'''Paimon:''' Mm... That's right. What's wrong?
:'''Aranaga:''' Nothing, nothing... It's just, before we came here, the things we experienced together now seems like a fog, like clouds. Can't see them clearly... Need to remember.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Is it because you're too tired?
:{{DIcon}} Please rest more.
:{{DIcon}} Spend more time in the sun and your head will clear up.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right. Let's go out together and bask in the sun more, and our heads will be clear!
:'''Aranaga:''' Thanks, but... still needs our company, Mawtiyima.
:'''Aranakin:''' Mm, because Mawtiyima just woke up and got a lot of stories to tell us!
:'''Aragaru:''' Mawtiyima wants to share her dreams with us, so we can't leave yet...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees... We've just finished the important business, and Paimon hasn't got the chance to get to know you better...
:'''Aragaru:''' It's okay, we will still be friends as long as we remember you.
:'''Aranaga:''' As long as... still remember you, we can.
:'''Aranakin:''' Yeah! As long as we remember!
:'''Aranakin:''' Here is a song so you don't forget me. Please remember this...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay... We got it!
:'''Aranakin:''' Then... If I forget you guys, I will remember when I hear this song.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh...?
:'''Aranaga:''' Because... new life, memory nourishes. Death is just a loss of memory.
:'''Aranaga:''' So... our sacrifice, please witness, please keep it in your memories and dreams.
:{{DIcon}} You've said this before.
:{{DIcon}} You guys will forget, won't you?
:'''Aragaru:''' Why do you look sad now? Please don't be sad. We're still going to play together at [[Festival Utsava]]!
:'''Aragaru:''' The memories we described to you, the story we experienced, will definitely remain in dreams!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... though Paimon can't help but feel a bit worried...
:'''Aranaga:''' It's okay, Mawtiyima is used to it. The forest and the earth are used to it... In the soil, in the roots, our memories are.
:'''Aranakin:''' Yes, Marana makes others forget, but we defeated it. Our memories are forever.
:'''Paimon:''' But you guys haven't said if you will forget us...
:'''Aranaga:''' ...
:'''Aranaga:''' Still needs us, Mawtiyima. So... sorry, can't keep her waiting too long.
:'''Aranakin:''' Yeah, please give us some time. Mawtiyima still needs to talk with us!
:'''Aragaru:''' Remember to come play with us, Golden Nara and White Floaty!
:;(Quest ends)
----
;(Talk to Aragaru again)
:'''Aragaru:''' Bang bang! Ha! Nara {{Traveler}} and White Floaty are mighty! Happy to adventure with you! Thanks!

;(Talk to Aranaga again)
:'''Aranaga:''' Thank you, Nara {{Traveler}} and White Floaty. But now, needs us, Mawtiyima.

;(Talk to Aranakin again)
:'''Aranakin:''' Thank you! Don't forget to come see us! But we have to keep Mawtiyima company now, so next time!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Final Chapter
|zhs     = 终章
|zhs_rm  = Zhōngzhāng
|zht     = 終章
|zht_rm  = Zhōngzhāng
|zh_tl   = Epilogue
|ja      = 終章
|ja_rm   = Shuushou
|ja_tl   = Epilogue
|ko      = 종장
|ko_tl   = Epilogue
|es      = Epílogo
|es_tl   = Epilogue
|fr      = Le chapitre final
|fr_tl   = The Final Chapter
|ru      = Последняя глава
|ru_tl   = The Final Chapter
|th      = บทสุดท้าย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chương Kết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Letztes Kapitel
|de_tl   = Last Chapter
|id      = Babak Terakhir
|id_tl   = Last Round
|pt      = Capítulo Final
|pt_tl   = Final Chapter
|tr      = Son Bölüm
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Capitolo finale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}