{{Quest Infobox
|title           = The Chosen One's Promise
|id              = 75138
|image           = World Quest The Chosen One's Promise.png
|type            = World
|chapter         = Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm
|act             = The Chosen One's Promise
|actType         = None
|actNum          = Epilogue
|part            = 1
|requirement     = 
|characters      = Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation   = [[Legendary Tonatiuh]], [[Natlan]]
|region          = Natlan
|area            = Ochkanatlan
|subarea         = 
|prev            = Moment of Awakening
|next            = 
|rewards         = Adventure EXP*100;Primogem*20;Mora*10,000
|dialogueRewards = The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames*1
|otherRewards    = 
* [[Last Hero of Cinder City]] Avatar
}}
'''''The Chosen One's Promise''''' is the second part of {{Quest|The Chosen One's Promise}}.

==Steps==
# Return to the [[Tonatiuh]]
# Talk to your [[Little One|little Tepetlisaurus companion]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest awards the {{Achievement|Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm (Achievement)|Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm}}.
* After the quest, [[Legendary Tonatiuh#Goggles Left Behind by Someone|Goggles Left Behind by Someone]] can be found near the damaged mural on the Tonatiuh. Interacting with them for the first time will update {{Item|A Nameless Adventurer's Notes}} and award the {{Achievement|Hero's Homecoming}}.
* The quest [[The Road Ahead]] will have a different set of dialogue if it was not yet completed at the time of this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Go back to the Tonatiuh and meet up with your companion.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Return to Tonatiuh)
:'''Paimon:''' Are you alright, {{Little One}}?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' What a relief! {{Traveler}} was... Uh, it's a bit tricky to explain, but essentially, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} saw you and a strange person together in a dream.
:'''Paimon:''' Did you run into any such strange people onboard the Tonatiuh?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? So, did you or didn't you?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roooawrh... Rawr!
;(If ''[[Between Pledge and Forgettance]]'' has been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon has no idea what you're trying to say!
;(If ''Between Pledge and Forgettance'' has not been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Alright, you've absolutely lost Paimon there!
:{{DIcon}} Well, you're okay, and that's all that matters.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's true. What about Bona though? Where did she go?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rooo...
:'''Paimon:''' Did you guys become separated? Or is Bona really...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps Bona was merely a character from a story.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... You're right. Ordinary people can't live for hundreds of years...
:{{DIcon}} We completed her unfinished adventure, at least.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, and we also promised to spread the word about this adventure. Once everyone knows that we found the Tonatiuh, Bona will become a famous adventurer too, right?
;(If ''Between Pledge and Forgettance'' has been completed)
::{{DIcon}} Then, it's time to...
::{{DIcon}} Then, it's time to go to the [[Great Volcano of Tollan|volcano]] and find "that person," and then...
::'''Paimon:''' That said, could that guy have been the [[Sage of the Stolen Flame]]? All the messages we encountered along the way were left by him. Paimon's getting more curious by the minute!
;(If ''Between Pledge and Forgettance'' has not been completed)
::{{DIcon}} Then, it's time to go to the volcano and find "that person," and then...
::{{DIcon}} Yeah. Let's get to the bottom of all this.
::'''Paimon:''' Are you talking about that strange "person" you saw in the memory?
::'''Paimon:''' That said, who on earth is that guy? The one who left that golden pattern all along our path, maybe? Paimon's getting more curious by the minute!
:'''Paimon:''' He also said he takes on different guises, so even if we have run into him, we might not have recognized him...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' You're curious as well, huh, {{Little One}}?
;(If ''Between Pledge and Forgettance'' has been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Now that we've got all the [[Golden Entreaty|tokens]], let's head to the volcano with {{Little One}}, get to the bottom of this, and help lift {{Little One}}'s curse.
;(If ''Between Pledge and Forgettance'' has not been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Now that we've found one token, let's keep up the momentum and find a way to locate another one.
::'''Paimon:''' Then, we'll head to the volcano with {{Little One}}. We should be able to get to the bottom of everything there, and help lift {{Little One}}'s curse to boot.
:'''Paimon:''' Sorry, Bona! We're taking the Golden Entreaty with us for now. We'll tell you the whole story once we've figured it all out!
;(Obtain {{Item|The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=The Chosen One's Promise}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}