{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73697
|title         = The Recollector's Path
|image         = Event Quest The Recollector's Path.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Recollector's Path
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Sorush; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Gavireh Lajavard]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Gavireh Lajavard
|subarea       = 
|next          = The Recollector's Path (Part 2)
|rewards       = Primogem*10;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[The Recollector's Path]] Event.
}}
'''''The Recollector's Path''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Recollector's Path]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Sorush
# Head to the specified location and complete the trial

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Alternate Aranara dialogue and confirm condition, likely Festival Utsava; Sorush asks about the Aranara if you have just started [[Festival Utsava]], while Paimon asks about the Aranara and Pari if you are past that quest}}
{{Quest Description|After bringing Mihir and Rashnu back to the Vourukasha Oasis, Sorush finally earned the approval of the Khvarena, gaining the Twin-Horned Chaplet and becoming the Bloomguard. But with regard to the responsibilities of such a position, Zurvan seems to have a few things to say...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On obtaining quest)
:{{tx}}

;(Approach the teleport waypoint)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's getting so used to how you look now that Paimon can't even remember what you looked like without the Chaplet, Sorush.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Paimon seems to recall some baldness at the top of your head and a haughty disposition...
:'''Paimon:''' But Paimon didn't expect you to get the Chaplet so easily... Though it was mostly thanks to our help, hehe.
:'''Sorush:''' Bah! Mention the trifles of the past no more, Pale Floater. The thing of greatest importance, the reason why we were able to claim the Chaplet so easily...
:'''Sorush:''' Was because I am a Pari worthy of the Twin-Horned Chaplet. Hence, everything fell into place as it was meant to be. Perhaps I was fated to bear this crown from the day of my birth.
:'''Zurvan:''' Hehe, bragging loudly, I see.
:'''Sorush:''' E&mdash;Elder Zurvan! What brings you here?
:'''Zurvan:''' Just seeing if our newest Bloomguard is fulfilling her duties.
:'''Sorush:''' D&mdash;Duties...
:'''Zurvan:''' Oh, no. Did you think claiming such a title would bring you nothing but fame and fortune, Sorush?
:'''Sorush:''' Impossible! I am no Pari of rank ignorance. The duties I have... have not been neglected. Indeed, I have also performed the necessary feats to be worthy of my accolades.
:'''Zurvan:''' Though the flashing flame might steal your attention, a gradual trickle of enduring devotion may also be worthy of praise.
:'''Sorush:''' Ugh...
:'''Zurvan:''' In the time you have spent away from us, there have been countless Pari who, though unable to ever gain the title of "Bloomguard," still contribute to our greater community with quiet dignity.
:'''Sorush:''' Uhh...
:'''Zurvan:''' I thought that you would perform some deeds that would prove your worthiness of the title of "Bloomguard." As it turns out, however, it seems you're just been idling about.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Saying she does nothing is going too far. Sorush is already pretty great! Right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Sure is.
:{{DIcon}} Well... I mean...
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, stop being so strict!
:'''Sorush:''' I did not mean to neglect my duties... It's just that the responsibilities of a Bloomguard weren't... fully detailed by the Order of Skeptics...
:'''Zurvan:''' It is a Pari tradition, after all. Trying to learn it from humans is pure folly.
:'''Zurvan:''' Though you have earned the approval of the Khvarena, you remain a young Pari. In times like these, it is best to be direct and consult me for guidance.
:'''Sorush:''' Ask you for guidance directly, Elder? But... No, the Chaplet possesses a great deal of knowledge, I need but contemplate for a moment before I am greeted with answers...
:'''Paimon:''' But Zurvan is right here. She even said that if we have questions, she will answer... We don't even need to go hunting for details anymore!
:'''Paimon:''' From Paimon and {{Traveler}}'s deep adventuring experience, chances like this are pretty few. You'll regret not taking this opportunity!
:'''Sorush:''' I doubt not my elder's sincerity, it's just... I heard the Order of Skeptics say that only the answers one finds themselves are worth any merit.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that something someone else told you as well?
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Do you really think the Order of Skeptics is more trustworthy than Zurvan?
:{{DIcon}} The Order of Skeptics even constantly makes mistakes in its official documents...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. When we went to find Rashnu, the truth was entirely different from what they had down in their archives. They don't even know what's going on.
:'''Sorush:''' ...Indeed. You offer truth in your insights, Yasnapati, Pale Floater.
:'''Sorush:''' I am no longer the Sorush from before. With the Khvarena's approval, I must act with maturity and live up to the title of Bloomguard.
:'''Sorush:''' Ahem. Zurvan... I mean, Elder Zurvan. What are the exact obligations that a Bloomguard must fulfill? I beg of you to enlighten me. Though I have been neglectful in the past, I will do my utmost now to remedy my failings.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa. Paimon didn't expect Sorush to be so obedient. What happened? Paimon feels a little touched!
:'''Zurvan:''' Haha... Well, your words give me confidence. The Bloomguard's duties are vast, and may take days and nights to recall in their totality...
:'''Zurvan:''' However, considering that you have spent far more time with the humans than those of your own kind, let's start with something simple.
:'''Zurvan:''' As for all those who bear the title of Bloomguard, extraordinary competence and keen insight are necessities.
:'''Zurvan:''' I've already prepared six training tasks, with three meant to test flying skills, and the other three... well, they'll need Sorush to clear out some potential threats.
:{{DIcon}} This training sounds kind of familiar...
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds familiar? It IS familiar. Isn't this just something we do all the time...
:'''Sorush:''' Enough talk, Pale Floater. As long as I successfully finish these missions, my elder must concede that I am worthy and prepared for the mantle of Bloomguard.
:'''Sorush:''' Though it sounds simple, these are all tests delivered unto me by my elder. I must unleash my fullest effort when dealing with them.
:'''Zurvan:''' Hehe, very good. Very good. Conveniently, Sorush's Yasnapati and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} companion are here. There is a task you can help her successfully complete.
:'''Zurvan:''' It is no hard matter, though as you know, Sorush has been close with the Order of Skeptics and humans, while drifting further from Pari traditions.
:'''Zurvan:''' I would like to ask you to serve as an audience and listen to Sorush recount the past. A Bloomguard should naturally be able to speak of historical events, yes?
:'''Sorush:''' Of course.
:'''Paimon:''' If all we need to do is hear Sorush tell a story, it does sound pretty simple.
:'''Zurvan:''' Then, I leave this to you two. As for the training that Sorush must complete by herself, I will let her know momentarily. You two merely need to accompany her.

;(Approach the trial)
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like Zurvan had this training regimen all planned out a long time ago. Guess Sorush was always going to have to do these things, huh?
:'''Sorush:''' Hmm. This is a sign that the elder has always favored me.
:'''Sorush:''' Yasnapati. And Floater. Bear witness to my heroic feats.
----
;(After completing the two trials)
:'''Paimon:''' Is this the last stop for our first day? We're pretty familiar with this place, seeing how we've been here plenty of times.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph? If the Pale Floater is so confident, then why not swap roles with me? I will play the audience, you be the speaker.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Let's give it a try. Here comes Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' The place before us &mdash; covered with flowers and flowing water &mdash; is the Vourukasha Oasis. This place doesn't have... uh... Right! This place isn't infested by the demons of Dev, and is the home of the Pari.
:'''Paimon:''' There are many Pari here. The best among them is one called Zurvan.
:'''Paimon:''' Sorush, you were born here too, right? Though you were different from the other Pari...
:'''Paimon:''' For example, while the other Pari only sound kinda weird when they speak, you sound *really* weird! Hmm. You all came from the same waters, but why is it that only you are so strange...
:'''Sorush:''' Hey!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not lying. When you were speaking to the Order of Skeptics, your words were kinda weird. Well, the Skeptics themselves sounded weird too. So there's that.
:'''Paimon:''' Whew! Paimon thought all the other Pari were going to be exactly like you. In fact, Paimon was worried about that until we finally got to the Vourukasha Oasis and met Zurvan.
:'''Paimon:''' Then, we found out that only you are like... Uh, how should Paimon put this... you have a particular way of speaking to the Order of Skeptics, right?
:{{DIcon}} It seems the Order of Skeptics had too much of an influence on her.
:'''Sorush:''' Uh... I will not deny that.
:'''Paimon:''' Seeing as you have no objections, Paimon will keep going. There is a big stump in the Vourukasha Oasis&mdash;
:'''Sorush:''' Pale Floater, you absolute...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, it's the "Harvisptokhm" in the Vourukasha Oasis! Man, these Pari names sure are a mouthful. And, it totally is a big stump, isn't it...?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers you saying that the stump is also a god, and that the Pari have a deep relationship with it.
:'''Sorush:''' Though these are indeed the facts... Letting the Pale Floater describe them would be too unflattering. I shall resume the role of the speaker.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright... but Paimon thought she was making it easy to understand.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph... Regardless, five hundred years ago, our great god gave all to quell the disaster afflicting this place. As such, all the Amrita here is the last gift from the divine.
:'''Sorush:''' Nourished by the Amrita, the Harvisptokhm and the Pari emerged. The eldest of the Pari, and my elder... is Zurvan.
:'''Sorush:''' My birth came much later, so I was not a personal witness to those events. I heard my elder speak of it but...
:'''Sorush:''' Elder Zurvan clearly associated with the Order of Skeptics when they were first established, but after my birth, all contact seemed to be lost between them.
:'''Sorush:''' Though my elder has long stated the importance of Pari traditions, she rarely mentions the past in detail when she speaks with me. Instead, it was the Order of Skeptics...
:'''Sorush:''' Who enthusiastically shared the results of their historical research with me, and approved of my wish to follow in the footsteps of the divine bird.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? So after that, you slowly drifted away from the other Pari and learned your strange way of speaking from the Order of Skeptics?
:'''Sorush:''' Oh... I suppose that can be seen as correct. Objectively speaking.
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like a rebellious phase...
:'''Sorush:''' A rebellious phase... I heard the humans in the Order of Skeptics mention something about this. They said the researchers in the forest experienced a "Satyavada Life" or something like that. Is this "rebellious phase" a similar thing that humans progress through?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, that sounds pretty similar.
::'''Paimon:''' Uh, no! They're not the same thing at all!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you can think of it as a necessary process for growth...
::'''Paimon:''' It's not entirely like the Satyavada Life thing that the researchers experience. In fact, Paimon's heard that plenty of human children experience it...
:'''Paimon:''' Generally, kids going through a rebellious phase will resist the care of their parents and try to assert their independence. That's what Paimon's heard anyway.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, just like you did.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. My past has little to do with my present. Whatever can be said, I have now returned to the Vourukasha Oasis and earned the Khvarena's favor.
:'''Paimon:''' You're amazing, Sorush!
:'''Sorush:''' Never mind, Pale Floater. It means nothing to be patronized by one as immature as you.
;(If {{cx}} has not been completed)
::'''Sorush:''' Speaking of, since we were on the topic of the Pari's birth, have you encountered the familiars of the forest?
::'''Piamon:''' Familiars of the forest?
::'''Sorush:''' Indeed. The ones long called the Aranara.
::'''Sorush:''' I only heard them mentioned by my elders. I heard they are not free to fly as we Pari are, but with their bond to the vegetation, they can stride the mud without restraints.
::'''Sorush:''' I find it hard to picture such a scene...Are they like Wenut?
::'''Sorush:''' But they do have their own festival. On that arrival of the day of celebration, the Aranara will gather together and enjoy a carefree time as one.
::'''Sorush:''' Sometimes I wonder, if the Aranara have their own day, why do we Pari possess nothing of equivalence? When I asked my elder, she seemed hollow of interest regarding the matter.
;(If {{cx}} has been completed)
::'''Sorush:''' That's all for today. Yasnapati, do you or the Pale Floater wish to ask anything?
::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of, are the Pari and Aranara related in any way?
::'''Sorush:''' ...Why do you ask this?
::{{DIcon}} Because the Pari and Aranara are both small...
::'''Paimon:''' But are still capable of great things.
::{{Black Screen|You describe your adventures with Arama and all the other Aranara to Sorush...}}
::'''Sorush:''' Hmmm... How very important Festival Utsava appears to be. I heard my elder mention it once, but only thought of it as little more than a joyful gathering for the Aranara.
::'''Sorush:''' But... if the Aranara have their own day, why do we Pari possess nothing of equivalence? I must mention this to my elder...
:'''Paimon:''' Why do you want a Pari Festival? Is it because you can eat lots of tasty snacks during a festival?
:'''Sorush:''' Of course not! The Pari Festival should... should have humans offering their odes and songs to us, while I get to choose the best singer of the lot.
:'''Paimon:''' That doesn't sound like a festival at all. Well, not for the attending humans, anyway. It's more like a high-pressure competition.
:'''Sorush:''' But it is an enjoyable celebration for me, yes? Hence, I believe my elder may also enjoy such an occasion.
:'''Paimon:''' Perhaps... Zurvan is right. For Sorush to become a so-called Bloomguard, she might need a bit more training...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|Transclude = The Recollector's Path
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Jornada das Infindáveis Memórias (Parte 1)]]