{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72183
|image         = World Quest The Commission's Commission.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Kamisato Estate
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Reputation]] Level 3 in [[Inazuma]] and Claim [[Naku Weed Seed]] reward from [[Madarame Hyakubei]]
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 
|primogems     = 
|rep           = Inazuma
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 386
|other         = {{Card|Seed Dispensary|1}}{{Card|A Path of Value: Luxuriant Glebe|1}}
|characters    = Madame Ping; Madarame Hyakubei; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Art of Horticulture''''' is a [[World Quests|World Quest]] that starts in [[Inazuma]]. In order to unlock this quest, the player must claim the reward for reaching Level 3 [[Reputation]] in Inazuma, at which point the quest will automatically be added to your journal.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Madarame Hyakubei]]
#Talk to [[Madame Ping]]

==Gameplay Notes==
*This quest and the Seed Dispensary are not required for planting seeds in the [[Serenitea Pot]], since seeds can be bought from [[Tubby]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have obtained a bag of [[Naku Weed Seed]]s in [[Inazuma]], but if you want to plant them in the [[Serenitea Pot]], you might need to ask [[Madame Ping]] for some pointers...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Madarame Hyakubei)
:'''Paimon:''' These are... seeds?
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' These are Naku Weed seeds.
:{{DIcon}} You know about this plant?
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Well, I kind of know about it. I've seen this plant before and I've heard people talk about its wonders.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' I remember that... even in the absence of wind, this plant will tremble slightly to the sound of thunder...
:{{DIcon}} Does it look good when grown?
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' If we're talking about appearance alone... I daresay it looks rather nice indeed.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Would you like to try growing some Naku Weeds? But I don't believe there to be any suitable land hereabouts...
:{{DIcon}} I have my own plot of land.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:'''  Oh, is that so? As expected of you... So you have even been gifted land already?
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:'''  Pardon me for asking, but is your land...
:{{DIcon}} It's not in Inazuma.
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Oh! I have also heard tell of your feats in Mondstadt and Liyue, {{MC|Sir|Madam|mc=1}}.
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Indeed, it would be more surprising if you were not gifted land for such deeds!
:{{DIcon}} It's actually in a teapot.
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' A t&mdash;teapot? {{MC|Sir|Madam|mc=1}}, please don't play such a joke on me.
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' I have also heard tell of your feats in Mondstadt and Liyue.
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' So I guess that your land is either in Liyue or in Mondstadt.
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' As expected of you, {{MC|Sir|Madam|mc=1}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, (Traveler), the land you're talking about is the Serenitea Pot that Granny gave us, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Can you really grow things in there? Granny didn't say anything about it before...
:{{DIcon}} Let's go back and ask her.
:{{DIcon}} The adepti are very powerful after all.
::'''Paimon:''' Is that so? But Granny really is very strong, so...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay then, let's go back and ask Granny.
----
;(Talk to Madame Ping)
:'''Madame Ping:''' Hmm? Hello children, are you here to see me?
:{{DIcon}} About the Naku Weed seeds...
:'''Madame Ping:''' Seeds... Ah, so you'd like to grow these seeds in the Serenitea Pot?
:'''Madame Ping:''' I suppose that's no problem. The Serenitea Pot is your little realm, after all.
:'''Madame Ping:''' It's just that you've only brought this bag of seeds today. Are you only planning to plant this one bag of seeds?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right! We don't even know how to collect seeds...
:'''Paimon:''' After we plant this bag of seeds, where do we go to find more...
:'''Madame Ping:''' There, there, don't worry. I happen to have a little box here that I used many years ago.
:'''Madame Ping:'''  When I used to plant flowers, they were all kept in this little box. The flowers grown in the box can be preserved for a long time.
:'''Madame Ping:''' Moreover, after putting the flowers in the box, it can produce several flower seeds... This makes sowing them very convenient indeed.
:'''Madame Ping:'''  Although this box is somewhat less useful now... but it still retains the power to "generate seeds."
:'''Madame Ping:''' Hmm... I don't use it much now anyway... So, why don't I give it to you?
:'''Madame Ping:'''  This box should come in handy, whether you want to grow some flowers and plants, or some crops.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Granny!
:'''Paimon:''' Thank you, Granny!
:'''Madame Ping:'''  Oh children, you don't have to be so polite. Go ahead and give it a try, but I must say that it's not an easy task to take care of flowers and plants, so you should be prepared.
:'''Paimon:''' Granny is really powerful indeed... but before we try that box out, let's go back to our teapot and try to sow those seeds.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, Paimon really hopes that they'll grow soon...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Art of Horticulture
|zhs     = 栽种之法
|zhs_rm  = Zāizhòng zhī Fǎ
|zht     = 栽種之法
|zht_rm  = Zāizhòng zhī Fǎ
|zh_tl   = The Method of Planting
|ja      = 栽培の方法
|ja_rm   = Saibai no Houhou
|ja_tl   = Method of Cultivation
|ko      = 재배 방법
|ko_rm   = Jaebae Bangbeop
|ko_tl   = Method of Cultivation
|es      = El arte de la horticultura
|es_tl   = The Art of Horticulture
|fr      = L'art de l'horticulture
|fr_tl   = The Art of Horticulture
|ru      = Искусство садоводства
|ru_tl   = The Art of Horticulture
|th      = ศาสตร์แห่งการทำสวน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phương Pháp Trồng Trọt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Kunst des Gärtnerns
|de_tl   = The Art of Gardening
|id      = Metode Hortikultura
|id_tl   = Horticulture Method
|pt      = Técnica de Cultivação
|pt_tl   = Technique of Cultivation
|tr      = Çiçekçilik Sanatı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'arte dell'orticoltura
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:El arte de la horticultura]]
[[pt-br:Técnica de Cultivação]]