{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101685
|image        = Item The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler.png
|type         = Quest Items
|memento      = Yes
|description  = '''Description 1:'''<br />"This story is quite wild and can be almost disorienting to read initially, but its wonderment grows on you, and it contains many a moment of gut-busting laughter. I liked it very much." &mdash; [[Ms. Hina]]

'''Description 2:'''<br />"This is a rather orthodox light novel, with its contents essentially being an edited version of real life in Teyvat. What is surprising, however, is that the author seems to be highly knowledgeable about Watatsumi Island, with many vivid, almost lifelike descriptions." &mdash; Ms. Hina

'''Description 3:'''<br />"This light novel is based on school life and depicts the antics of all manner of schoolyard oddballs. A very entertaining read." &mdash; Ms. Hina

'''Description 4:'''<br />"By blending many styles together, this seemingly thin book transports you into a great many tales. I can only imagine that its author must also be a very interesting person. I happen to know someone like that, in fact — something that lends this book a very familiar touch." &mdash; Ms. Hina
|source1      = [[Friendship in Writing]]
}}
'''The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler''' is a quest item obtained during the quest ''[[Friendship in Writing]]'' in [[Yae Miko]]'s Story Quest [[Divina Vulpes Chapter]], Act I: [[The Great Narukami Offering]].

There are four possible item descriptions based on the options the player selected in [[Friendship in Writing]]:

* '''Description 1''' &mdash; If the player chose to write the novel with bizarre and funky twists.
** Pick "[[Dvalin|The Dragon]] and the Grand Adventure" for chapter 1
** Pick "I Turned Into a [[Geovishap Hatchling]]!" for chapter 2
* '''Description 2''' &mdash; If the player chose to write the novel based on the [[Traveler]]'s own experience.
** Pick "Reincarnated in Another World: Encounters with [[Paimon|Airborne Emergency Rations]]" for chapter 1
** Pick "Took a Trip to [[Liyue]], Tour Guide Turned Out to Be [[Rex Lapis]] for chapter 2
** Pick "Let's Get Rid of This [[Vision Hunt Decree]]!" or "Starting as a Resistance Soldier" for chapter 3
* '''Description 3''' &mdash; If the player chose to write the novel with an academy-based theme.
** Pick "[[Venti|The Work-Shy Bard]]" for chapter 1
** Pick "[[Xinyan|Rock 'N' Roll Girl]]" for chapter 2
** Pick "Farewell, Literature Hunt Decree!" for chapter 3
* '''Description 4''' &mdash; If the player writes the novel using a mix of the three themes.
** Pick any option, mixing up the themes.

==Trivia==
* The book's Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and Thai titles are a reference to ''{{w|JoJo's Bizarre Adventure}}''. [[Paimon]]'s pose on the cover is a reference to {{w|Jonathan Joestar}}'s famous pose from the cover of [[w:c:jojo:Volume 4|''JoJo's Bizarre Adventure'' Volume 4]].
* [[Albedo]] is seen reading this book in the Web Event [[Journey With a Gentle Breeze]].

==Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler
|zhs     = 《旅行者的奇妙冒险》
|zhs_rm  = "Lǚxíngzhě de Qímiào Màoxiǎn"
|zht     = 《旅行者的奇妙冒險》
|zht_rm  = "Lǚxíngzhě de Qímiào Màoxiǎn"
|zh_tl   = "Traveler's Bizarre Adventure"
|ja      = 『旅人の奇妙な冒険』
|ja_rm   = "Tabibito no Kimyou na Bouken"
|ja_tl   = "Traveler's Bizarre Adventure"
|ko      = 《여행자의 기묘한 모험》
|ko_rm   = "Yeohaengja-ui Gimyohan Moheom"
|ko_tl   = "Traveler's Bizarre Adventure"
|es      = Las increíbles aventuras {{MC|m=del viajero|f=de la viajera}}
|es_tl   = The Incredible Adventures {{MC|of the Traveler|mf=1}}
|fr      = «&nbsp;Les extraordinaires aventures {{MC|m=du voyageur|f=de la voyageuse}}&nbsp;»
|fr_tl   = "The Extraordinary Adventures {{MC|of the Traveler|mf=1}}"
|ru      = «Удивительные приключения {{MC|m=путешественника|f=путешественницы}}»
|ru_tl   = "Miraculous Adventures of the {{MC|Traveler|mf=1}}"
|th      = "นักเดินทาง ล่าข้ามศตวรรษ"
|th_rm   = "Nakdoenthang La kham sattawat"
|th_tl   = "Traveler, Hunting Across Centuries"
|vi      = Chuyến Phiêu Lưu Kỳ Thú
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = „Die wundersamen Abenteuer {{MC|m=des Reisenden|f=der Reisenden}}“
|de_tl   = "The Wondrous Adventures {{MC|of the Traveler|mf=1}}"
|id      = Petualangan Ajaib Sang Pengembara
|id_tl   = Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler
|pt      = "As Aventuras Fantásticas {{MC|m=do Viajante|f=da Viajante}}"
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gezginin Mucizevi Maceraları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le strabilianti avventure {{MC|m=del viaggiatore|f=della viaggiatrice}}
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[fr:« Les extraordinaires aventures du voyageur »]]