{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01020
|image         = Archon Quest C1A3 The Floating Palace.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = III
|act           = A New Star Approaches
|part          = 1
|startLocation = [[Mt. Tianheng]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Mt. Tianheng
|prev          = Zhongli's Treat
|next          = Equilibrium
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*675;Mora*27,500;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|characters    = Huaqing;Keqing;Paimon;Traveler;Yang
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|3|part=1}}
==Steps==
# Go to [[Mt. Tianheng]]
# Search for a way up to the [[Jade Chamber]]
# Try using the mechanism
#* The [[Anemo Pinwheel]] requires an {{Anemo}} character for it to be activated.
# Head over to the [[Guizhong Ballista]]
# Fight the Millelith
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Millelith Soldier|x=3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Millelith Sergeant; Millelith Soldier*3}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Millelith Sergeant; Millelith Soldier*3}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The mysterious emissary [[Ganyu]] appeared before you at Third-Round Knockout. Claiming to have come at [[Ningguang]]'s behest, she invited you to the skyfaring palace known as the [[Jade Chamber]]. To that end, you and [[Paimon]] have come to Mt. Tianheng, from where you can see the Jade Chamber in the distance.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Climb Mt. Tianheng)
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, up there! That's the Jade Chamber.
:{{DIcon}} That's pretty high up.
:{{DIcon}} Question is, how do we get up there?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Uhh...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, this is bad, Paimon's supposed to be your guide, but Paimon doesn't know where the way up to the Jade Chamber is...
:{{DIcon}} You're only realizing that now!?
:{{DIcon}} We should have asked that emissary, Ganyu.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, since we want to go to the Jade Chamber, heading to its location on the map is the sensible thing to do!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's look around. There has to be a way up there nearby!

;(Find wind current mechanism)
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look! There's some sort of mechanism thingy!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since this is the right place, it must have something to do with the Jade Chamber.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's the way to the Jade Chamber?
::{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 09a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, this must be the way!
:{{DIcon}} It looks like some sort of trap.
::{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 09b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way! Just trust Paimon's instincts!

;(Activate mechanism and go to the floating island)
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It only takes us up to here...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, if that wind current was strong, we'd be able to reach the top in one go!
:{{DIcon}} Best we go back to Liyue and ask the Millelith...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why?
:{{DIcon}} The way up shouldn't be a secret, or...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Or? ...Oh, Paimon gets it! If it was a secret, Ganyu wouldn't have let us try to find it ourselves, right?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's follow your plan, then we can...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Hang on a moment. Look down there!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we've gotten close to the {{Color|buzzword|Guizhong Ballista}}.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Uh... Paimon has a new idea!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we shoot you up to the Jade Chamber using the Ballista?
:{{DIcon}} No thanks. I don't have a death wish.
::{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 19a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Right. This method does seem a bit unsafe...
::{{DIcon}} Still, I do remember that the Ballista had a scope.
:{{DIcon}} Do you really hate me that much?
::{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 19b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... No. Paimon may have just forgotten to think about safety measures...
::{{DIcon}} Still, I do remember that the Ballista had a scope.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 2 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that you mention it, we could use the Guizhong Ballista to see if there's another way up nearby!
----
;(Head over to the Guizhong Ballista)
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 huaqing 01.ogg}} '''Huaqing:''' Halt!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 huaqing 02.ogg}} '''Huaqing:''' Who trespasses on these hallowed grounds?
:{{DIcon}} We're just passing through...
:{{DIcon}} Hallowed what now? These are the wilds around Mt. Tianheng...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly. What're you talking about?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're invited guests! What makes you think you can treat us like this?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No... Wait... Maybe this was Ningguang's plan all along!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She pretended to invite us to the Jade Chamber, but set up a Millelith ambush here to arrest us!
:{{DIcon}} I'm quite sure that's not the case.
:{{DIcon}} We haven't explained the invitation to them yet...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grr... Now Paimon's mad! ...You! Over there! This is a trick, isn't it? How shameless!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 huaqing 03.ogg}} '''Huaqing:''' What? We're just on guard duty. What do you mean, "shameless"?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 yang 01.ogg}} '''Yang:''' What nonsense! Seize these suspicious intruders at once!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, here they come &mdash; line 'em up and knock 'em down!

----
;(After fighting the Millelith)
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Stop! What's all this about?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 yang 01.ogg}} '''Huaqing:''' Lady Keqing, these two strange people suddenly appeared. They seem to have designs on the Guizhong Ballista.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who're you calling "strange"?
:{{DIcon}} We were just looking for the way to the Jade Chamber.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Hmm? You want to go to the Jade Chamber? Who are you?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're invited guests, here to look for the Liyue Qixing! Who are you?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 04.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Well, as it happens, I am one of the Liyue Qixing.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ???
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 05.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I'm Keqing, the Yuheng of the Qixing.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 06.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I know of you, Traveler. You're Ningguang's guests, yes? Didn't expect to meet you here in the mountains.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Paimon didn't think we'd meet some super rich big shot out here in the middle of nowhere either.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 07.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The Guizhong Ballista in Tianheng Pass has long been in disrepair, and yet it was fixed in a single night. I came here to investigate that occurence.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 08.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' These Millelith are just here to guard the scene, not to arrest anyone.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, this was all a misunderstanding? Paimon never would've thought...
:{{DIcon}} Thinking isn't that hard, Paimon.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 09.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Anyway, for a mortal to be able to repair an adepti mechanism is quite the mystery, even to the Qixing.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, that was...
:{{DIcon}} (Shh, Paimon, don't complicate the matter!)
:{{DIcon}} (We only did a tiny part of the work there...)
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Oh, right. So, Lady Yuheng, might you have any idea why Lady Tianquan invited us to go to the Jade Chamber?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 10.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Just call me Keqing.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 11.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I'd say that Ningguang's purpose is to request that the savior of Mondstadt take a more neutral stance... Or at least, to not wholly side with the adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're not taking sides. We spoke with the adepti. They want to protect Liyue as well...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 12.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' When you say "protect," you're referring to their sanctimonious arrogance, aren't you?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 13.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' You are mortals, and thus under their protection. There was no way they would have regarded you as someone with the ability to assassinate a god.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 14.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Naturally, they would also regard Ningguang's locking down the area, questioning the citizenry, and pursuit of the assassin to be pointless work. Perhaps they even wonder if there might be a cover-up.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 15.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I'll say it like it is: they're underestimating us.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you've got a point there...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, this is the first time Paimon's seen a person from Liyue who doesn't respect the gods or the adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 16.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Hah. Should I respect the shallow sense of time and condescension to mortals that has caused them to delay in moving against us Qixing?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 17.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Forget it. I shouldn't speak of them this way. This skepticism is mine alone, and Ningguang does not share it.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 18.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Either way, I will admit that the actions of the adepti this time were quite restrained.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 19.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Rex Lapis' death is indeed an extraordinary circumstance. But to think that they would call for a council of adepti rather than come down here directly...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 20.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' How surprisingly civilized of them.
:{{DIcon}} Any chance you could talk it out with them?
:{{DIcon}} Ningguang would prefer to negotiate, wouldn't she?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 21.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Well, for Ningguang... She would talk anything and everything out if she could. But I doubt we can do that here.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 22.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The time of the adepti has long passed. If even the Liyue Qixing don't want to face that truth, then what future is there for Liyue?
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Another super bold statement...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 23.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' *sigh* I'll stop here. Honestly, I hadn't intended to say so much. But you're a good listener, Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 24.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' You should both be off to the Jade Chamber. Don't be late, now. Ningguang's schedule is packed to the gills all the way till next year.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 25.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The cream of Liyue's mercantile crop all see "ascending to the Jade Chamber" as the greatest honor. Each brings rich gifts as they visit, all to curry a little favor with Ningguang.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Favor?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, that's not the point.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, get serious.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... But!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, that's right! Greeting gifts are a staple of Liyue's culture. We need to get one, not to curry favor or anything &mdash; just to... respect Liyue's culture!
:{{DIcon}} Ah, so eager...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 26.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Alright, alright. You can decide on your greeting gift yourselves. Let me tell you how to get to the Jade Chamber first.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 27.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' You didn't actually have to come to Mt. Tianheng. Go back to Liyue Harbor, find a guide at the Yuehai Pavilion, and...
:{{Black Screen|''You listen as Keqing explains the correct path.''}}
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 keqing 28.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Well then. May we meet again, Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that Yuheng may not respect the gods, but Paimon thinks she's a pretty cool person.
:{{DIcon}} She made a good impression on me, too.
:{{DIcon}} I agree with some of her views.
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... What should be give to Ningguang when we see her?
:{{DIcon}} You really have shifted focus, haven't you, Paimon...
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Paimon dreamed of an amazing snack last night &mdash; {{Color|buzzword|Sugar-Frosted Slime!}}
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon has a feeling that it would be perfect for a super rich person like Ningguang!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we go with that for a gift?
:{{DIcon}} So, do you have a recipe?
::{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 21a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope! But Paimon's sure that we just need to make it with some boom shaka-laka!
:{{DIcon}} And... how would we make this thing you dreamed up?
::{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 21b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' With a certain boom shaka-laka, of course!
:{{A|vo lyaq201 8 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go gather ingredients. Time waits for no one, and neither will our riches!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Floating Palace
|zhs     = 浮城
|zhs_rm  = Fúchéng
|zht     = 浮城
|zht_rm  = Fúchéng
|zh_tl   = The Floating Fortress
|ja      = 浮城
|ja_rm   = Fujou
|ja_tl   = The Floating Fortress
|ko      = 떠다니는 성
|ko_tl   = The Floating Castle
|es      = El palacio flotante
|es_tl   = The Floating Palace
|fr      = La cité flottante
|fr_tl   = The Floating City
|ru      = Парящий дворец
|ru_tl   = The Floating Castle
|th      = ตำหนักลอยฟ้า
|th_rm   = Tamnak Loi La
|th_tl   = The Floating Palace
|vi      = Thành Phố Nổi
|vi_tl   = Floating City
|de      = Der schwebende Palast
|de_tl   = The Floating Palace
|id      = Istana di Atas Langit
|id_tl   = Palace Above the Sky
|pt      = O Palácio Flutuante
|pt_tl   = The Floating Palace
|tr      = Uçan Saray
|tr_tl   = Floating Palace
|it      = Il palazzo sospeso
|it_tl   = The Suspended Palace
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}

[[es:El palacio flotante]]
[[ja:浮城]]
[[pt-br:O Palácio Flutuante]]
[[vi:Thành Phố Nổi]]