{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79045
|image         = World Quest The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Daiya's Three-Day Reverie
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|area          = Veluriyam Mirage
|subarea       = Thinkers' Theater
|parent        = Daiya's Three-Day Reverie (Quest)
|concurrent    = Petrifying Gaze
|concurrent2   = Skycastle Saviors 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Primogem*40;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = no
|event_name    = Secret Summer Paradise
}}
'''''The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken''''' is an [[Event Quest]] in [[Thinkers' Theater]], [[Veluriyam Mirage]].

==Steps==
# Listen to the announcement
# Set off on the [[Choo-Choo Cart]]
# Go to the location of the hidden treasure
# Defeat the Kraken's minions
#* Operate the cannon, and defeat the sea monster minions!
# Set off on the Choo-Choo Cart
# Go to the location of the hidden treasure
# Meet with the sailors
# Reveal the treasure
#* Operate the cannon to destroy the stone wall and clear a path
# Go to the location of the hidden treasure

==Gameplay Notes==
* The chest at the end of the quest grants the [[furnishing]] {{Item|"Black Nacre" Promo Poster}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"An ancient legend resurfaces, and new clues to a priceless treasure are found. A band of chivalrous pirates hones their weapons and hoists the sails..."<br>Intrigued, you and Paimon arrive at the set of The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' There's the speaker. Guess we know where Daiya's Three-Day Reverie will be performed!
:'''Paimon:''' What kind of show will it be?

;(Approach the Park Announcement Speaker)
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Staff and equipment in position. Mechanisms are prepped and ready.
:'''Park Announcement Speaker:''' This performance of "The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken," a play from "Daiya's Three-Day Reverie," will now begin!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Docked in the port closest to the rumored location of the treasure, the crew of the pirate ship "Black Nacre" is recruiting new sailors and restocking before the final and most crucial leg of the voyage...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Experienced adventurers set foot on the deck of the Black Nacre. They're outstanding fighters, but novice sailors...
:'''Chief Mate:''' Ahoy there, landlubbers! Get on over here!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? The voice from the speaker changed. It sounds like someone really serious is calling us...
:'''Paimon:''' So, it's trying to interact with us?
:'''Chief Mate:''' Who else would I be talking to? You're the best out of this sorry bunch of scallywags, we can't set sail without you!
:'''Chief Mate:''' I'm the Chief Mate of the Black Nacre! You'll be working with me on this voyage, savvy?
:'''Chief Mate:''' Perk up, sailors! It's your first day on deck, and our quartermaster will make sure you get the best preserved meat, cream, hardtack, and [[Dandelion Wine]]!
:{{Black Screen|The speaker continues to narrate the scene before you&mdash;}}<!--line continues below-->
:{{Black Screen|The Chief Mate appears to greet the raw recruits, dressed in ragged clothes and swaddled in bandages.<br>It is obvious that he has just survived a fierce fight.<br>Looking around, you see most of the sailors are seriously wounded...<br>However, they are in high spirits, showing no signs of fear or being discouraged...<br>The sailors gather around you, applauding the newcomers and offering welcome gifts and food.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! So the speaker also provides detailed narration of the scene, like the scene just now &mdash; we were just welcomed onboard the Black Nacre...
:'''Paimon:''' So... shall we play along?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, thank you, thank you everyone! We haven't had the preserved meat or hardtack here yet, but they must be tasty!
:{{DIcon}} It's a pity that we can't see the actors or props.
:{{DIcon}} Otherwise, this could be quite immersive.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... the attraction is called "Three-Day Reverie," so are we just supposed to rely on our own powers of daydreaming?
:'''Paimon:''' Though, it probably does save a lot on costs... Building a real pirate ship, actually being able to sail anywhere at a moment's notice... That must be expensive...
:'''Paimon:''' But still! Only having a narrator is too far. We can only imagine so much!
:{{DIcon}} Guess we'll have to try!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon and me, that's how it's gonna be!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, Paimon will give it a try...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' As the noise dies down, a powerful-looking man appears on the bridge.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' He is dressed just like a common sailor, save for the ragged tricorne on his head. His left hand is missing, replaced by a rusty hook.
:'''Chief Mate:''' Attention on deck! Captain Will's arrived!
:'''Captain Will:''' The time is now, me hearties! Get to your positions, double check your weapons and our supplies, and prepare the ship! Get ready to weigh anchor!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! The Captain is here. He sounds so calm... and reliable!
:'''Captain Will:''' The treasure isn't far now, lads! The final leg of the voyage is by far the most important!
:'''Captain Will:''' Our wounded comrades, drowned supplies, lost [[Dusk Bird]]s, and even the casks of rum we scrimped and saved for... the price we paid will not have been in vain!
:'''Captain Will:''' As long as we find the legendary treasure, we can appease the Kraken before the deadline! Never again must we seek dishonest merchants to plunder for pocket change!
:'''Captain Will:''' So give it your all, you scurvy seadogs! Do it so our town may know peace, and our friends and family need no longer fear tyranny and toil! Full speed ahead!
:'''Sailor:''' Treasure! Treasure! Full speed ahead! For peace!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Having welcomed powerful new recruits aboard, the Black Nacre prepares to weigh anchor and set sail for the treasure.
:'''Paimon:''' Oooh, the speaker really set the scene! The goal of these pirates is really different from what Paimon imagined... Paimon's curious what happens next!
:'''Paimon:''' The speaker said we can ride the Choo-Choo Cart to continue the play... Paimon likes this pace!
:'''Paimon:''' Anchors aweigh, {{Traveler}}!

;(While riding the Choo-Choo Cart)
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' As they sought the treasure, the Black Nacre rushed into dangerous waters...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Thick fog filled the air, and rolling waves hit the hull relentlessly, causing the ship to shake violently. Terrifying lightning struck frequently, barely missing the mast and sail...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' The lookout at the top of the mast could see nothing from the crow's nest, and even the compass failed... And perhaps they were hearing things, but the crew felt they could hear the cry of a Dusk Bird...
:'''Paimon:''' Urgh, the Choo-Choo Cart is shaking so much. It really feels like we're sailing on a ship... Paimon's getting dizzy!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' At this crucial juncture, the captain took over the duties of the helmsman. Almost as if adapting to the rough waves, the Black Nacre started to sail out of the dangerous waters...
:'''Captain Will:''' Don't panic, lads! Our intuition and the blessings of our folks back home will surely guide us. We'll find our way!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, then why are there so many shipwrecks all around us? Feels like we've gotten ourselves in danger again.
:'''Captain Will:''' Be vigilant! These are those who failed to get to the treasure. We've got sea monster minions coming this way. That means we haven't gone off course!
:'''Chief Mate:''' Enemy attack! Enemy attack! Sea monster minions are attacking from the bow!
:'''Sailor:''' These sea monsters... They've been demanding tribute all this time, plundering the wealth of dozens of small towns... Aren't they satisfied yet?
:'''Captain Will:''' Lads, don't panic! Blast them with our heavy cannons! This will be a nasty battle, but victory is before us!
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome, it's finally our turn! C'mon, {{Traveler}}, up and at 'em!

;(After defeating the sea monster minions)
:'''Captain Will:''' Good job, greenhorns! Our foes lie vanquished. Now, maintain speed and heading. We sail on! 

;(Board the Choo-Choo Cart again)
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' However, beautiful, enchanting singing traveled across the distance as the din of battle dissipated...
:'''Sailor:''' Captain, something doesn't seem right. I can see the food my grandma makes... It smells so good!
:'''Captain Will:''' You want to bewitch us with a siren's song? That trick's too old! Lads, plug your ears with wet [[Matsutake]]!
:'''Paimon:''' What? Matsutake? We don't have any! Can't we just use our hands?
:'''Chief Mate:''' Watch out! We're heading for a cliff! Brace for impact!
:'''Captain Will:''' On guard, me hearties! Grab onto something so you don't get thrown overboard!
:'''Paimon:''' Waaait a minute! Why are there cliffs in the ocean? The treasure sure is hidden in a dangerous spot!
:'''Chief Mate:''' Another cliff. Maintain brace positions!
:'''Paimon:''' Two cliffs in a row? We'd surely have been thrown off if we were on a real ship!
:'''Paimon:''' Even if the sailors survived the impact, the boat would be smashed...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' After many twists and turns, the Black Nacre finally reached the pass where the treasure was hidden...

;(Approach the Streaming Projector)
:'''Paimon:''' Is that a Streaming Projector over there? So... we should be able to pass through if we use it, right?

;(Enter the Preprint)
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' To everyone's surprise, another gang of pirates had been waiting here for them all this time! They were Captain Will's old enemies, and they launched a fierce attack on the Black Nacre!
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on? Are we seriously being robbed by other pirates? How sneaky of them!
:'''Ambushing Enemy:''' Will, you little rascal! Instead of robbing others like a pirate should, you've set your sights on the treasure. Why, you even think to trick our sea monster masters!
:'''Captain Will:''' Nonsense! We've robbed plenty of rich, unjust folk. But we can't keep struggling, retreading old paths. We need to find a way to change our situation!

;(Survive the enemy ambush)
:'''Ambushing Enemy:''' Impossible! They're a motley crew... How can they be so strong?
:'''Ambushing Enemy:''' But you won't escape either way. Have a whiff of our broadsides!
:'''Captain Will:''' Step aside! The treasure will be ours, and I'll get everyone out safe!
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! Who're you calling a motley crew? The pirates of the Black Nacre are a good bunch. Villains like you don't stand a chance!
:'''Captain Will:''' So they fled upon finding their tricks useless, huh... Well, let's leave this place too, shall we?

;(Exit the Preprint)
:'''Paimon:''' Hooray, we won! Those villains didn't get their way!
:'''Captain Will:''' The battle is over! All crew members of the Black Nacre, gather up over here!

;(Approach the Speaker)
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Marvelous! Congratulations! With the strength of the new sailors, Captain Will easily defeats his old enemies, sending them running.
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Having overcome every challenge the voyage could throw at them, nothing can stop the crew of the Black Nacre now!
:'''Captain Will:''' Such is the loyal crew of the Black Nacre, me lads! Even when those lily-livered biscuit eaters ambushed us, not one of you panicked...
:'''Captain Will:''' And of course, our newest crewmembers contributed mightily! They swept away all opposition like it was so much flotsam and jetsam!
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! Bad pirates like that? Paimon and {{Traveler}} could fight two or three boatloads more!
:{{DIcon}} Getting into it, Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} Guess it's not that bad after all?
:'''Paimon:''' I-It's okay! The journey was pretty thrilling, and we've been through thick and thin with Captain Will. So Paimon can be a bit more serious!
:'''Captain Will:''' Based on our research, if we break that stone wall, we can find the legendary treasure.
:'''Captain Will:''' The crucial moment has arrived. I shall give the honor to our heroes, our new companions!
:'''Captain Will:''' And after that, I've got a new idea I'd like to discuss with all of you...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}! See how much the Captain values us? He's even letting us handle something as important as this!
:{{DIcon}} Fire in the hole!
:{{DIcon}} Let's open the treasure together!
:'''Chief Mate:''' Get ready to celebrate, lads! Heroes, go ahead and open it!

;(Approach the treasure)
:'''Paimon:''' Yay! We found it! The legendary treasure! So much Mora, Paimon can really swim in it!
:'''Paimon:''' But, why does this Mora seem different from the Mora we usually see? Don't tell Paimon...
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Hey! The legendary "pool of Mora" is actually just a bunch of decorative fake coins!?
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Faced with such an unexpected development, what will the crew of the Black Nacre do?
:'''Chief Mate:''' Captain! We were hornswoggled! Could our intel have been wrong? The legendary treasure... how could it all be fake?
:'''Captain Will:''' No wonder I had a bad feeling about this.
:'''Captain Will:''' The so-called legendary treasure could be bait&mdash; luring us into a trap.
:'''Captain Will:''' And their goal: the very people who braved hell and high water in search of treasure... and the quality weapons and advanced ships they bring with them.
:'''Captain Will:''' The sailors, exhausted by the journey, can easily be captured and sold as labor.
:'''Paimon:''' No, NO! We were all tricked! How could this be a giant trap!?
:{{DIcon}} From a cost perspective, it makes sense.
:{{DIcon}} They can't actually have a pool of Mora here.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Uh... you have a point. Paimon forgot we were acting...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, even though there aren't any other actors, and the set is a bit shabby, Paimon can tell a lot of work went into this! Paimon thinks we should respect that.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's hear what our crewmates from the Black Nacre have to say!
:'''Narrator On Speaker:''' Captain Will gathers the inconsolable sailors in front of the fake treasure.
:'''Chief Mate:''' Captain, is this... is this the doing of your enemies?
:'''Captain Will:''' No, this is beyond them. If we didn't make it, they'd be disappointed in their old foe.
:'''Captain Will:''' Perhaps... the ones behind this are on their way here now. Given our current state, it wouldn't be wise to take them head on.
:'''Captain Will:''' Clean up the area, see if there are any chests we missed, and get ready to withdraw.
:'''Captain Will:''' Ho! I always said hard work is rewarded. See that chest over there? It's for our newest sailors, who've done so much! No arguing, it's theirs even if the rest of us go home empty-handed!
:'''Sailor:''' Ugh... Not only did we not make any money, we racked up a lot of losses!
:'''Sailor:''' What're we going to do? Keep searching for dishonest profiteers to try and scrape together enough booty to satisfy the Kraken?
:'''Captain Will:''' I was about to point out that on this voyage, we of the Black Nacre found a treasure more precious than Mora, and are not going back with nothing to show for it!
:'''Captain Will:''' We found the ways to cross the roaring seas, strategies to defeat our enemies, and the courage to face any challenge!
:'''Captain Will:''' Think about it, me buckos! Even if we found an ocean of Mora, would it really buy peace for our town?
:'''Sailor:''' ...That makes sense...
:'''Sailor:''' We all know how greedy the Kraken is. No matter how much treasure we shove down its filthy gob, it'll always ask for seconds!
:'''Sailor:''' Aye, he's right. I've heard even rich towns have given it dozens of times more treasure than we, yet still it hungers.
:{{DIcon}} The problem is that appeasement of a monster...
:{{DIcon}} Is never the best answer...
:'''Paimon:''' You're right! If it was up to Paimon, we wouldn't let that monster have its way. But the Captain and his crew are just ordinary people...
:'''Captain Will:''' So, we must solve the problem at its source! That's why giving it more Mora doesn't make any sense.
:'''Captain Will:''' With the fighting experience we gained on this voyage, I'm sure we can defeat the Kraken, and lift the shadow it casts over our town!
:'''Captain Will:''' Come, me hearties, do you trust your Captain?
:'''Chief Mate:''' It sounds risky, Captain, but it's worth a shot.
:'''Sailor:''' This is the only way. If we keep giving in, eventually we'll have nothing left... and we'll have nowhere to run.
:'''Sailor:''' The Captain's right! It's worth risking our lives for. We can't take it any longer!
:'''Captain Will:''' Then it's settled! From now on, I will train everyone on the Black Nacre for this sole purpose.
:'''Captain Will:''' Especially now! Our newest crewmates are true swashbucklers, they're practically invincible!
:'''Captain Will:''' Captain Will is by no means a rich man, but if you lend us your strength, the whole crew of the Black Nacre will do everything in their power to repay you.
:'''Captain Will:''' Will you voyage with the Black Nacre, train with us, and punish that Kraken for its perfidy?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! That's the spirit! Be brave, and fight that awful sea monster!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's help our friends on the Black Nacre!
:{{DIcon}} My pleasure!
:{{DIcon}} Sushi's on the menu tonight!
:'''Captain Will:''' Arrr, amazing! Yer no longer novice sailors, Yer old salt, core members of the Black Nacre crew! Yer my helpers and the saviors of the rest of my crew and all the people in town!
:'''Captain Will:''' Now it's time for the Black Nacre to return to port. We'll rest up and prepare for our final battle against the beast!
:{{Black Screen|The speaker begins to summarize the end of the first act&mdash;&mdash;}}<!--line continues below-->
:{{Black Screen|After triumphing in numerous trials, the new sailors are now pillars of the crew.<br>Led by Captain Will, the crew is preparing for a crucial counterattack...<br>Please stay tuned for the Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken Act II: "The Black Nacre Strikes Back"!}}<!--separate line below-->
:{{Black Screen|The narration ends, and the motion of the mechanisms inside the cave grinds to a halt. Silence reigns once more...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, it just ends there? Paimon was just starting to get into it!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they haven't finished the Kraken yet.
:{{DIcon}} Kind of nice to have an intermission.
:'''Paimon:''' You have a point there. If the play was any longer, most guests would be too tired to fight a sea monster...
:'''Paimon:''' And the set really could use some work. Something as exciting as a boss fight deserves a proper stage!
:'''Paimon:''' Daiya's Three-Day Reverie certainly has potential! Paimon's getting curious who this Daiya person is!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Gameplay Notes==
Certain characters during the play have titles, which are as follows:
* '''Park Announcement Speaker:''' Automated Prompt Tone
* '''Narrator On Speaker:''' Over-the-Top Voice
* '''Chief Mate:''' Trustworthy Elder
* '''Captain Will:''' Stalwart Youth
* '''Sailor:''' Whatever the Captain Says Goes

==Trivia==
* The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken may be inspired by the ''{{w|Pirates of the Caribbean}}'' movie series.
** The Black Nacre is directly named after the {{w|Black Pearl}}, the fictional ship of Captain {{w|Jack Sparrow}}.
** Captain Will may be based on {{w|William Turner}}, also known as Will.
* Captain Will's suggestion to his crew to plug their ears with wet Matsutake may be a reference to a scene in the Greek epic The ''{{w|Siren (mythology)#Odyssey|Odyssey}}'', in which Odysseus has his crew plug their ears with beeswax to resist the lull of the sirens.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Black Nacre and the All-Devouring Kraken
|zhs     = 黑水晶号与吞金海怪
|zhs_rm  = Hēishuǐjīng yǔ Tūnjīn Hǎiguài
|zht     = 黑水晶號與吞金海怪
|zht_rm  = Hēishuǐjīng yǔ Tūnjīn Hǎiguài
|zh_tl   = The Black Crystal and the Gold-Devouring Sea Monster
|ja      = ブラッククリスタル号と金を呑む海獣
|ja_rm   = Burakku Kurisutaru-gou to Kin wo Nomu Kaijuu
|ja_tl   = The Black Crystal and the Gold-Devouring Sea Monster
|ko      = 흑수정호와 바다 괴물
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El Nácar Negro y el Kraken Devoraoro
|es_tl   = The Black Nacre and the Gold-Devouring Kraken
|fr      = La Nacre noire et l'avaleur d'or
|fr_tl   = The Black Nacre and the Gold Swallower
|ru      = Морион и морское чудовище
|ru_tl   = The Morion and the Sea Monster
|th      = เรือคริสตัลสีนิลกับอสูรทะเลเขมือบทอง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Pha Lê Đen Và Thủy Quái Nuốt Vàng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Schwarzperlmutt und der unersättliche Krake
|de_tl   = The Black Nacre and the Insatiable Kraken
|id      = Mutiara Hitam dan Monster Laut Pemakan Emas
|id_tl   = The Black Pearl and the Gold-Devouring Sea Monster
|pt      = Nácar Negro e o Kraken Devorador
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kara Sedef ve Korkunç Kraken
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La Perla nera e il kraken vorace
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Nácar Negro e o Kraken Devorador]]
[[ru:Морион и морское чудовище]]