{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12010
|image         = Story Quest Yoimiya A1 The Firework Girl's Strange Stories.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Carassius Auratus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Dreamlike Timelessness
|character     = Yoimiya
|requirement   = Complete [[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]]
|characters    = Matsuzaka; Saika; Iwao; Traveler; Paimon; Yoimiya; Naganohara Ryuunosuke; Sakujirou
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = 
|next          = Expectations Not to Be Betrayed
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Mora*24,100;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Firework Girl's Strange Stories''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Dreamlike Timelessness}}.

==Steps==
#Go to [[Narukami Island]]'s beaches
#Catch up to the children who are about to leave
#Go to [[Naganohara Fireworks]]
#Confirm the source of the sound

==Gameplay Notes==
* The quest description changed mid-quest:<!--step 3-->
** The children came to ask for information about the [[Great Mujina Youkai]]. However, the monster doesn't actually exist. The children were shocked by the truth, but fortunately, Yoimiya comforted them in time. As you met and parted with her in a hurry, this time, Yoimiya warmly invites you to the [[Naganohara Fireworks Show]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've been in Inazuma for a while now, but your investigations continue. One day, you and Paimon arrive at the seaside...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the location)
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 01a.ogg}} '''[[Matsuzaka]]:''' We're looking for the Great Mujina Youkai!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 saika 01.ogg}} '''[[Saika]]:''' Do you know where it lives?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Great Mujina Youkai"? What's that?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 02.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Huh? You've never heard of it?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 03.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' It's a sneaky monster that goes 'round playing tricks on people! It's got magic powers and can even shapeshift into anything it wants!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 01.ogg}} '''[[Iwao]]:''' One time, the Great Mujina Youkai stole some rice from our house. And this other time, it pushed my dad into the river.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a very naughty little monster!
:{{DIcon}} Why are you out looking for it?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 saika 02.ogg}} '''Saika:''' 'Cause, we've finally found out how to chase it away!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 02.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' My dad said that the Great Mujina Youkai likes to play tricks on people who stay out all the time and don't come home when they're supposed to.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 03.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' So all we need to do is chase it away, then we can come out and play whenever we want!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This monster sounds scary, though... Aren't you guys afraid?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Surely your parents must be worried about you?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 04.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Not really. I told my dad that I was going to find the Great Mujina Youkai with some friends, and he didn't even say anything.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 04.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' So, we think it must be weak right now! It's probably hiding away so it can rest!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 saika 03.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Yeah! So as long as we get home before it gets its strength back, we'll be safe.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, something sounds very strange about all of this... But Paimon can't say exactly what it is...
:{{DIcon}} If a monster's coming for you, surely you won't be safe at home.
:{{DIcon}} We've never seen a monster like this before.
:{{DIcon}} The dad's attitude doesn't quite add up...
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... Paimon feels like the Great Mujina Youkai is one of those storybook monsters that doesn't exist in the real world.
:{{DIcon}} I think so too.
:{{DIcon}} Guess the parents just don't want their kids staying out all the time.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should tell them, so they don't waste all their time looking for it.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, children, listen up! There's no need to go looking for the Great Mujina Youkai, alright? Because it isn't real.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 05.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 saika 04.ogg}} '''Saika:''' No way...
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 05.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' That's impossible. My dad wouldn't lie to me!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your folks are just worried about you, is all. They don't want you wandering too far from home, because it's too dangerous.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 06.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' That's not true! The Great Mujina Youkai is definitely real!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 06.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Yeah! Yoimiya's even making some weapon for us! And then, she's gonna show us how to blow it up!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yoimiya, huh? Wait, as in... fireworks-prison-break Yoimiya?
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 saika 05.ogg}} '''Saika:''' We told her all about the Great Mujina Youkai. She said we shouldn't be scared of it &mdash; we should learn how to chase it away instead.
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 07.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' We've been waiting for ages now, and finally, Yoimiya said that today's the day!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 07.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Uh-huh, uh-huh! Yoimiya plays with us and tells us stories all the time. She wouldn't tell a lie!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, but...
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 iwao 08.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Hmph! C'mon, let's get outta here and go find Yoimiya!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, hold on! Don't go!
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, they didn't seem to take that very well... But Paimon was only trying to look out for them...
:{{A|vo xglq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knows what Yoimiya's got to do with this. Let's follow the kids and see what's going on.
----
;(Follow the children)
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 01b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Cheer up guys, don't be so down. {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} was only joking back there. How could the Great Mujina Youkai not exist, huh?
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 matsuzaka 01.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' B&mdash;But, we've never seen it for ourselves...
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's because the Great Mujina Youkai is extra powerful! And that's exactly why I need your help, isn't it?
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 matsuzaka 02.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Ummmm...
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's okay, don't be discouraged. Hey, remember, if you wanna be a hero, you gotta have patience &mdash; and wisdom, too.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Even if you can't find it right now, it'll definitely show up before the fireworks show starts. So remember to come and pick up your weapons from me before then, okay?
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No matter how powerful the Great Mujina Youkai might be, it's no match for my specially made fireworks! Just light 'em up and you'll scare it off, no problem.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's up to you guys to protect your homes, your crops, and your folks!
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 matsuzaka 03.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Got it! Thanks, Miss Yoimiya, we'll try and be more patient!
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh yeah, hold up a sec. I have a few slips of paper for you guys &mdash; one each. Remember to give it to your parents and tell them to keep it safe.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Just tell them it's from Yoimiya. They'll know what it's about.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 iwao 01.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Okay! Thank you, Yoimiya! We're gonna go back now.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 saika 01.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Thanks, Yoimiya! Come play with us soon!
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sure thing, will do! Take care on the way back, and I'll see you later!
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... so...
:{{DIcon}} It's been a while.
:{{DIcon}} We meet again.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ah, so it WAS you guys. I guessed as much from the way the kids described you. No worries, though, I'm not blaming you.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The Great Mujina Youkai is pretty popular with the kids, so of course they're gonna get upset if someone tries to tell them it doesn't exist.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... but it definitely doesn't exist... right?
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yeah, the first time I heard about it, I knew straight away that it was probably something the parents had come up with to stop the kids from running off all the time.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But when the kids asked me about it, I didn't wanna break it to them. I just told them that it looks cute, likes to play pranks, and doesn't hurt people.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So I guess now, the kids' impression of the Great Mujina Youkai is mostly influenced by me.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... So in a way, this monster is all a product of your creativity...
:{{DIcon}} Surely it's a bad idea to keep the lie going like that?
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Maybe so. In any case, I'm not gonna be the one who exposes it.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sure, it's likely that the parents just wanted to stop the kids from staying out all the time. But they could have easily had other reasons, too.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If I just go ahead and tell them that the Great Mujina Youkai doesn't exist without knowing the full story, then who knows &mdash; I may be doing more harm than good.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Besides, they're just kids. They should be allowed to believe it if it makes them happy. That's more important to them than questioning what's real and what isn't.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Heck, I entertain my fair share of fantasies too... The Fire Diamond that spins around and shoots out lights that are all the colors of the rainbow... Ooh &mdash; the Mist Spirits that live far off in the mountains and guide you to fairyland if you can find them...
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I know that they don't really exist, but I still enjoy believing in them. If someone came up to me and starting telling me to "stop being so stupid, they don't exist, nyah nyah nyah"...
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'd give them the evil eyes and tell them to get the heck out of my face! Because... grr, it's just so annoying!
:{{DIcon}} I kind of get what you are saying.
::{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 22a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Right!? So what if it's made up &mdash; it's also really awesome and kinda magical. So it's not up to anyone else to tell me what's what!
:{{DIcon}} Why be so childish about it?
::{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 22b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Because maybe it doesn't matter so much if something's real or not. Maybe magic and awesomeness are what make something worth believing. Why should someone else get to take that away from you?
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 23.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The things we believed and the experiences we had when we were young turn into our priceless treasures as we grow up.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 24.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' When you were kids, surely you guys believed in things like heroes who slayed dragons, and sacred swords that cut through darkness? It's the same thing.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 25.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If we tear apart these kids' fairy tales now, what else do we have to tell them? That Inazuma is locked down? All the grim tales of the [[Vision Hunt Decree]]? I think it's a bit too early for all of that.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Yeah! Oh, way too early. For sure!
:{{DIcon}} You didn't follow that at all, did you?
:{{DIcon}} No need to pretend to agree if you didn't understand.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 26.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Haha, whether you understood me or not, don't you worry. I'll take care of the kids, and make sure they stay safe.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 27.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ahh! Okay, it's about time I headed back. The Naganohara Fireworks Show is just around the corner, and there's still a lot of things to get ready.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Naganohara Fireworks Show? Is that hosted by your family or something?
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 28.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, yeah, I mean, that's why our name is on the event. It's well-known throughout Inazuma.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 29.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, on the subject &mdash; are you busy these days? If not, then you should totally come along. I'll prepare an extra-pretty firework, just for you!
:{{DIcon}} We've been looking forward to it for ages!
:{{DIcon}} I'll gladly take you up on that offer.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 30.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hee-hee, in that case, come with me to [[Naganohara Fireworks|Naganohara]], we'll go see [[Naganohara Ryuunosuke|my pops]]! There're still a few fireworks to finish off before the show.
----
;(After talking to Yoimiya)
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 31.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Inazuma is home to the [[Yae Publishing House]], and a lot of people who like to write stories, too. In fact, most of what they write is based off of the kinds of fairy tales I was just talking about.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 32.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' A bunch of them have bad endings, though. Like, oh &mdash; the Fire Diamond will get put in a rich person's gallery, where it will never be ignited again.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 33.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Or someone will see the Mist Spirit, and not manage to catch it, but because they angered it, it'll never show itself again.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 34.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The hero who slays the dragon becomes the next dragon... The sacred sword that once fought the darkness now becomes a doomsday weapon...
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 35.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* I know these kinds of stories are all the rage nowadays, but... I really can't bring myself to like them.
:{{A|vo xglq001 2 yoimiya 36.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If something's magical, it should be kept that way.
----
;(Go to Naganohara Fireworks)
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hey, Pops, I'm back!
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 01.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' The fireworks show is almost upon us, and the fireworks for each family are almost ready.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 02.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Oh, new faces? Who are these two? Friends, or customers?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 02a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' A bit of both actually. They arrived in Inazuma just recently. Can't let them miss out on a fireworks show after coming all this way, can we?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 03.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Hahaha, well, either way, come on in and have a seat and I, Naganohara Ryuunosuke, will tell you all about the long history of the Naganoharas.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That can wait. Pops, I need to ask you about something.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 04.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' A long, long time ago...<ref group=Note>{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 04.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' A long, long time ago, back when the people of Inazuma first taught themselves how to use fire, they discovered something very interesting.</ref>
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* Pops has started telling his stories again...
:;<big>{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 04a.ogg}}</big> (Naganohara Ryuunosuke continues his story<ref group=Note>{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 04a.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Some things burn, and other things don't. Rocks... they don't burn. But somewhere along the line, a rock was set alight and it burned the most beautiful color. People took one look and thought: "Hm... was that the rock, or was it something else?" &mdash; because the rock itself didn't burn up. Back then, of course, people didn't know that this wasn't just any old rock. It was ore.</ref>)
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry about this &mdash; ever since Pops had his accident, his ears don't work too well.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? But for a moment there, it almost seemed like you were having a coherent conversation...
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 05.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Much, much later, people eventually realized that if you grind certain minerals into dust, they burn with many beautiful colors.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Pops &mdash; Pops wait!
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 06.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Eh? What is it?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Did they deliver those firework materials that we ordered yet?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 07.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Oh, yesterday's fireworks have all been delivered. So have the ones from the day before yesterday, and the ones from the day before that.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No, Pops. I meant the materials. The materials that we ordered. They should have arrived today.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 08.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Today's fireworks are almost ready, too, don't you worry! Hehe, your old man's skills are still as sharp as ever.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No&mdash; Pops, the materials! The raw materials for making fireworks.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 09.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Sorry?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ma-te-ri-als!
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 10.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Oh... Ohh, the materials?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, yes! The materials!
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, sorry... Paimon got all excited because you finally got the message across, hehe...
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 11.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' The materials aren't here yet. The couriers did come over to explain why, but... Well, I think they did, but I couldn't quite hear what they were saying...
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No worries, as long as we know, that's fine. We can just make them later. Oh, uh &mdash; don't forget to take the goods in when they deliver them, okay, Pops?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 naganohararyuunosuke 12.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Of course, leave it to me.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, sorry if we were a little loud. it's always the way, though &mdash; it's like that every time I need to ask pops something.
:{{DIcon}} Still, he seems like a warm and friendly person.
::{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 13a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Uh-huh, that's my pops! He's a good person, alright. Everyone around here respects him.
:{{DIcon}} I think the two of you are quite similar.
::{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 13b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, I get told that a lot.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Because my pops is deaf, he never argues with anyone, and never contradicts them. He just listens cheerfully.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' When I was little, I thought it was because he really understood me, and agreed with whatever I had to say. So, I'd tell my pops everything.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Eventually, I realized that the reason he was like that was that he's deaf. But I still tell him stories every day.
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why would you do that?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It just makes me happy to see him smile. And it keeps him from being lonely, right?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Anyway. More importantly right now, the fireworks show is right around the corner and the materials still haven't arrived. We need to think of an alternative...
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 sakujirou 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Um, Yoimiya, is that you?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wah! Oh, you scared me there! I thought I told you to be more careful before you speak?
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 sakujirou 02.ogg}} '''???:''' S&mdash;Sorry...
:{{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hold on, I'm coming over.

;(Talk to Naganohara Ryuunosuke)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq001 naganohararyuunosuke 01.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Oh, don't worry about me, go take care of business first. There'll always be time for my stories later.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq001 naganohararyuunosuke 02.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' I have a lot of time, and a lot of stories to tell, too.
----
;(Confirm the source of the sound)
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No one's looking. Okay, you can come out now. Uh, come around the side.
:{{Black Screen|''The person hiding inside the house carefully crawls out the window.''}}
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* We're lucky that no one from the Tenryou Commission was around, otherwise, we'd all be in big trouble.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Sorry, I guess I was a little rash. But when I heard you come back, I just...
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't worry [[Sakujirou]]. So far, at least, everything is going according to plan.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We're going to look for firework materials shortly. While we're out, we'll sort out the boat situation for you, as promised.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 02.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Thank you for all your help.
:{{DIcon}} Who is this?
:{{DIcon}} And why is he hiding in your house?
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' He's one of our old customers. He came back to Inazuma from the outside world not long ago. While he was smuggling himself in, the Tenryou Commission found him and put out a warrant for his arrest...
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An arrest warrant!?
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Shhhh, keep it down! We don't want to draw any unwanted attention.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If Sakujirou is caught, there's no knowing what crimes they could charge him with. All we can do is find him a boat and send him out of Inazuma again.
:{{DIcon}} But isn't there a thunderstorm out in the ocean?
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yeah, we know it's going to be dangerous, but there aren't many other options left.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What if the boat capsizes? Uhh! Drowning is really scary!
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If things are this bad, couldn't you have just not come back in the first place?
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 03.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Well... There is something I felt I had to do...
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 04.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' But as soon as I got back, I started hearing about all these unbelievable changes. I had my mind up, originally, but now I'm not sure anymore...
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 05.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I didn't want to cause any trouble for Yoimiya or Mr. Ryuunosuke, but I'm very grateful to them for taking me in.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hey, no worries, you're more than welcome. Remember what I said? As long as you've got that little piece of paper, you'll always be a valued customer of the Naganoharas.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Little piece of paper...?
:{{DIcon}} I remember something about that.
:{{DIcon}} Like the paper slips you gave to the kids?
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yep, the same paper slips as the ones I gave to the kids earlier. Whenever a customer orders fireworks for a commemorative event, we always include a little paper slip with the goods.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Only people from my inside my family can understand what's written on it. It's the recipe for the fireworks they ordered.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If someone shows a Naganohara that paper slip, we guarantee we can make the exact same firework as the original one they purchased, whether it's ten or even a hundred years later.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that is so awesome!
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's a family tradition. All our regular customers know about this.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 06.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' The slip I have is from back when my parents ordered fireworks from Mr. Ryuunosuke. Now I think about it, it must be nearly 20 years ago.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 07.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' *sigh* Who would have thought that things would turn out the way they have...
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It'll be fine. Escaping in a boat is just a last resort for if there's no other way. I'll still try and come up with a different solution, because it'd be much better if you could stay in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Whatever their reasons might be, if our customers come to us looking for help, we're not about to leave them high and dry.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 08.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Thank you... This way, I'll still have some time to consider my options...
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Alright, well, let's not stay out here in the open for too long. Hurry up and get back inside. I'll let you know as soon as I have an update for you.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 sakujirou 09.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Thank you, I&mdash;I'll leave it to you, then, I guess.
:{{Black Screen|''Sakujirou goes back into hiding.''}}
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* It's a shame, they still wouldn't give him a permit, even though he was born and raised in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Speaking of, you guys only got here recently, how did you manage to get a permit?
:{{DIcon}} We went through a long bureaucratic process on Ritou.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even then, we only got through thanks to some help from Miss Hiiragi Chisato of the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I see, so you had big shots helping you. I guess that won't be of much help to Sakujirou.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* I just wish the commissions could be a little more flexible.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I bet nowhere else you've been is quite like Inazuma, huh?
:{{DIcon}} It's true.
:{{DIcon}} Each archon has their own idea on how to run things.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* Well, no matter what, I have to find a way to help him.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 23.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm sorry, I invited you to come and watch the fireworks, but now I have to run a few errands.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 24.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You don't have to join me if you don't want to. I can go sort out the firework materials and the boat by myself, and then you can come and meet me back at the house later.
:{{DIcon}} I don't mind coming along.
:{{DIcon}} I'm interested to learn how fireworks are made.
:{{A|vo xglq001 4 yoimiya 25.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, cool! Then let's start with Sakujirou's boat. We can chat along the way!
:;(Dialogue continues in next quest [[Expectations Not to Be Betrayed]])

===Extended Dialogue===
{{Reflist|group=Note}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--other audio
duplicates
* {{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 01a.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo xglq001 1 matsuzaka 01b.ogg|1}}

* {{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 02a.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo xglq001 3 yoimiya 02b.ogg|1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Firework Girl's Strange Stories
|zhs     = 烟花少女与奇妙童话
|zhs_rm  = Yānhuǒ Shàonǚ yǔ Qímiào Tónghuà
|zht     = 煙花少女與奇妙童話
|zht_rm  = Yānhuǒ Shàonǚ yǔ Qímiào Tónghuà
|zh_tl   = The Firework Girl and the Wondrous Fairy Tales
|ja      = 花火少女と不思議な童話
|ja_rm   = Hanabi Shoujo to Fushigi-na Douwa
|ja_tl   = The Firework Girl and Strange Fairy Tales
|ko      = 불꽃 소녀와 기묘한 동화 이야기
|ko_rm   = Bulkkot Sonyeo-wa Gimyohan Donghwa Iyagi
|ko_tl   = The Fire Girl and Strange Fairy Tales
|es      = Fábulas de la chica de los fuegos pirotécnicos
|es_tl   = Fables of the Fireworks Girl
|fr      = Les étranges histoires de la fille aux feux d'artifice
|fr_tl   = The Firework Girl's Strange Stories
|ru      = Удивительные истории девочки с фейерверками
|ru_tl   = Marvelous Stories of the Girl with Fireworks
|th      = สาวน้อยดอกไม้ไฟกับนิทานสุดอัศจรรย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thiếu Nữ Pháo Hoa Và Đồng Thoại Diệu Kỳ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die seltsamen Geschichten des Feuerwerksmädchens
|de_tl   = The Firework Girl's Strange Stories
|id      = Kisah Aneh Gadis Kembang Api
|id_tl   = The Firework Girl's Strange Stories
|pt      = A Garota dos Fogos de Artifício e o Conto Infantil Fantástico
|pt_tl   = The Fireworks Girl and the Fantastic Children's Tale
|tr      = Havai Fişekçi Kızın Tuhaf Öyküleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Gli strani racconti della ragazza dei fuochi artificiali
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Fábulas de la chica de los fuegos pirotécnicos]]
[[pt-br:A Garota dos Fogos de Artifício e o Conto Infantil Fantástico]]