{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Diluvies Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Diluvies Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Neuvillette
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter IV]]: Act IV - [[Cataclysm's Quickening]]
}}
{{Description|Most Fontainians have an image like this in their minds:<br>Iudex Neuvillette sits upright in the vaulted heights of the Opera House, handing down eminently praiseworthy verdicts.<br>The vicissitudes of time leave no mark nor trace on his body, nor does he seem burdened by "emotion." As equitable as water, but also as cold as water.<br>...Is this really the case? When memories flood in like a torrent, even those not predisposed to revealing their emotions may yet find themselves stirred.}}
'''The Remains of the Past Day''' is the first act of [[Neuvillette]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Diluvies Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|Cataclysm's Quickening}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the events of the quest, the [[Traveler]] helps Neuvillette investigate a threatening letter against the [[Melusine]] [[Kiara]].

==List of Quests==
# [[A Familiar Threat]]
# [[Ever-Surging Memories]]
# [[In a New Light]]

==Summary==
;A Familiar Threat

Wondering what Neuvillette is up to, [[Paimon]] suggests that they pay a visit to Neuvillette at the [[Palais Mermonia]]. When they arrive, they find him talking with [[Sedene]], the latter asking him to reconsider taking a case on his own, as he is the Iudex. Neuvillette tells them that the current situation is that a Melusine named [[Kiara]] was threatened. Paimon is surprised that he's simply investigating the case over such a matter, while Sedene concedes and allows Neuvillette to investigate as there aren't any trials for the day. Neuvillette explains that he's simply acting preemptively as 400 years ago, he became the Iudex and was assisted by [[Carole]], a Melusine, and [[Vautrin]], the leader of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, both of whom were exceptionally trustworthy and capable subordinates, but he could not protect both of them.

Neuvillette's reforms caused unrest at the time, especially with a group of hardliners that wanted him to concede more of his power. Therefore, they took advantage of Carole's identity to instigate political unrest, which resulted in her dying and Vautrin being exiled. Not wanting a repeat of events again, Neuvillette believes that it is in his best interest to prevent another conspiracy from harming the innocent again. Paimon suggests using the [[Garde]]s, [[Marechaussee Phantom]] and the Special Security to handle the situation, but Neuvillette refuses, as he isn't sure as to the depth of potential collaboration and that as an "outsider", it would arouse less suspicions. When Paimon questions about why he's an outsider, Neuvillette states that his position as the Iudex is meant to prevent him from forming deep bonds and reminds her that he's the [[Hydro Sovereign]] after all. He suggests they visit Kiara first once he leaves a note behind for [[Furina]].

The three head to Kiara, where she gives the letter to Neuvillette. He advises she return to the Palais Mermonia, though Kiara states that she has to complete her duties with [[Eloffe]]. The Traveler and Paimon accompany her, during which they learn that she's roughly 400 years old as she remembers her time with Carole. Upon arriving at [[Chioriya Boutique]], Kiara performs her inspection and grants Eloffe a passing grade. Paimon asks as to what her duties entail, of which Kiara responds that as a Melusine, she could see anomalies that humans couldn't, such as residual blood stains. The Traveler then hears a [[Kamera]] going off and discovers [[Charlotte]], who had been following them in an attempt to interview Neuvillette. Charlotte learns what they're doing and promises to keep it a secret, while promising to help them by asking her colleagues at [[The Steambird]] to gather extra information.

At the same time, [[Clorinde]] also arrives at the boutique, having wondered why Neuvillette was busy with a trivial matter. She promises to help protect Kiara and tells them to return to his office. Neuvillette is relieved to see that Clorinde offered to protect Kiara, while he himself was reading through various cases with him and Kiara, believing that whoever was targeting her might hold a grudge towards him. Paimon then remarks on the amount of documents on hand, of which he tells her that it's only a sliver of the amount he's done. He suggests to take a break, but this results in an awkward moment as Paimon finds it too silent while Neuvillette admits that people usually don't come to relax in his office. He then returns with water, surprising Paimon, stating that the water came from different places and how each one has a texture unique to their region. 

Paimon then asks him why he became the Chief Justice in human society, causing him to remark that he had done so to organize his thoughts and find answers to questions that perplexed him. He is unsure as to why he was born as a human and where he should go with his life, and that when he was born, he lost most of his memories, including his connection to the [[Primordial Sea]]. The Traveler asks him if he knew anyone who could help, which he replies that he could ask the other [[dragon]]s, but they're too far and visiting them might be an unpredictable risk. However, the one thing he did discover was that his emotions easily resonated with others despite not knowing the connection, so he believed that if he observed human behavior, he could understand the meaning of his existence. He then realizes that when they were talking about water, they could visit the [[Fountain of Lucine]], as it was where all of Fontaine's water converged and that it had strong memories and emotions, both of which could be useful for the investigation. 

;Ever-Surging Memories
Arriving at the Fountain of Lucine, Neuvillette uses his powers to invoke the fountain's waters, bringing the Traveler back to a scene roughly 400 years ago when he first brought Carole to the surface. Neuvillette had brought the Melusines to the Marechaussee Phantom because of their increased perception, while Carole herself is excited to explore the surface, as she and the others had simply remained in [[Merusea Village]] for twenty years without any meaning. While Neuvillette reminds her of the dangers of the surface world, Carole is insistent on learning and cooperating with humans, though they responded to her with fear.

In another flashback, Carole tries her best to help the people of Fontaine, but they refuse or insult her, as they believe that Neuvillette and the Melusines are conspirators due to an increase in strange incidents. Vautrin appears and defends her from some hostile people, telling her that her dream is likely impossible and she should give up on it, though she refuses to. Later on, Neuvillette hands them a "Medal of Peace" for their efforts, though unbeknownst to them, [[Thibert]] and [[Suavegothe]] conspire to frame Carole to teach Neuvillette a lesson.

Thibert and Suavegothe successfully lure Carole to a crime scene and frame her as the suspect, inciting a mob that resulted in Carole sacrificing herself to prove her innocence. Outside the [[Opera Epiclese]], Vautrin meets up with [[Rastignac]], who confirms that the true suspects were hardliners who opposed Neuvillette's reforms and wanted to make him concede power. He asks him if he should present the information to Neuvillette, but Vautrin refuses, instead ordering an information blackout. Seeing Carole similar to his younger sister [[Illaria]] who also died young, and that her infectious dream also spread to him, he decides to get revenge for her by killing the suspects, telling Rastignac that his actions would not affect them.

Upon entering the Opera Epiclese, a trial begins with Neuvillette charging Vautrin for murder, as he had killed the suspects to get revenge for Carole. Due to this, the audience decides to support Vautrin, knowing that Neuvillette is no longer threatened by the hardliners. While Neuvillette agrees with Vautrin's form of "justice", he states that by the rules, he had abused his power and conducted informal executions, thus violating the law and deems him guilty. Likewise, the [[Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale]] deems him guilty and he leaves, remarking that Carole's dream was absurd.

Returning to the present, the Traveler remarks about the flashback to Neuvillette, who apologizes for letting his emotions get the better of him. He also reveals that he had sensed some resentment toward Kiara in the waters, causing Paimon to remark that they read a case about it. Before they could head back, [[Navia]] appears, telling them that word of the case had spread all across Fontaine. She offers to have the [[Spina di Rosula]] help, which Neuvillette accepts. Returning to the Court of Fontaine, they find a large amount of activity regarding the threatening case, pleasing Neuvillette as he sees everyone willing to defend Kiara.

The three head back to the Palais Mermonia where they bring up the smuggling case. Noting that a person named [[Esseim]] was released for good behavior, Neuvillette decides that they should focus on him before Sedene enters, telling them that someone from Spina di Rosula came and said that they had found the suspect. Making their way to [[Café Lutece]], they find the suspects, including Esseim there. Neuvillette asks him if he wrote the letter, which he confirms, but states that his boss [[Domenico]] told him to and that he's at the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. Navia apologizes as they could not head there, but Neuvillette states that her current contribution was more than enough and prepares for a visit there.

;In a New Light
The three head to the Fortress of Meropide where they're greeted by [[Wriothesley]], who had learned of the reason of their visit. He agrees to bring Domenico, who remarks that when he arrived at the prison, he attempted to incite a riot but failed. [[Sigewinne]] brings them to the infirmary where they find several criminals wearing a strange badge. The Traveler asks them about it, learning that they're all members of the [[Mutual Aid Network]], created by their founder who was said to base the badge on the "Medal of Peace". The network's core values were to help each other, promote justice and not detesting just judgement. Paimon asks Neuvillette about the badge, who tells her that Carole's was lost in the fire and thus Vautrin had the other one, making her realize who their founder was.

Sigewinne then returns and informs Neuvillette that Wriothesley found Domenico, and thus they head to confront him over the letter. Domenico admits to orchestrating the letter, as he wanted revenge against Neuvillette, but found that no one was interested and that the Mutual Aid Network opposed him. Thus, he decided to focus on the Melusines and convinced an amicable guard to send letters outside. He had been approached to help smuggle items, only to be caught by the Marechaussee Phantom soon after, believing that someone had conspired to take his goods from him. Stating that it was all he knew, Wriothesley has Sigewinne bring him back to the detention center.

Wriothesley then asks Neuvillette about the case, who admits that he had experienced such an event in the past and wanted to be prepared for any possibility. Upon learning that it happened 400 years ago, Wriothesley tells him that he had overthought it as times had changed - back then, the people did not trust him or the Melusines, but it was a different case now because they began to trust his judgement. Neuvillette states that he isn't worthy of such praise, but Wriothesley states that he's no longer an outsider as everyone would be willing to help him. Neuvillette states that the guard that Domenico had talked to was part of the Palais Mermonia staff, so Wriothesley promises to have a talk with him. Wriothesley then asks the Traveler about the Mutual Aid Network, remarking that he had read on Vautrin, who was said to be very disciplined and far different from his court behavior, surmising that by being resentful in court, it would appear as if Neuvillette had been enacting proper justice. Neuvillette then takes his leave, declining Wriothesley's offer of tea as he does not want to stay too long in the prison.

Returning to the Court of Fontaine, Neuvillette is flooded with new emotions and a better understanding, thanking the Traveler and Paimon for their assistance. He is then rushed by a flood of memories coming from 500 years ago before returning to his senses. They meet up with Clorinde, who tells them that she had sent Kiara to the Palais Mermonia as everyone wanted to protect her, but felt that she would be uneased by the amount of people willing to defend her. They then head to the Palais Mermonia where they wake Kiara up, who tells her that she met Carole in her dream and that she was delighted to see their dream become true. As Kiara takes her leave, Neuvillette reads Furina's reply, remarking on how he can't understand what goes on in her mind.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Remains of the Past Day
|zhs      = 往日留痕
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 往日留痕
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 往日の名残り
|ja_rm    = Oujitsu no Nagori
|ja_tl    = The Past's Remnants
|ko       = 과거의 흔적
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Cicatrices del pasado
|es_tl    = Scars of the Past
|fr       = Cicatrices du passé
|fr_tl    = Scars of the Past
|ru       = Раны прошлого
|ru_tl    = The Wounds of the Past
|th       = แผลเป็นที่หลงเหลือจากอดีต
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Vết Sẹo Ngày Cũ
|vi_tl    = Scar of The Past Day
|de       = Die Spuren der Vergangenheit bleiben
|de_tl    = The Traces of the Past Remain
|id       = Luka Masa Lampau
|id_tl    = Wounds of the Past
|pt       = Cicatrizes do Tempo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Geçmiş Günden Kalanlar
|tr_tl    = Remainings of the Past Day
|it       = Ciò che resta del passato
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[es:Cicatrices del pasado]]
[[tr:Geçmiş Günden Kalanlar]]
[[vi:Vết Sẹo Ngày Cũ]]