{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74677
|image         = Event Quest The Art of the Elegant Blade Dance.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Dance of Resolute Will
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Costentin; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[West Slopes of Mont Automnequi]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Belleau Region
|subarea       = West Slopes of Mont Automnequi
|next          = Blade Dance's Unexpected End!
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Dance of Resolute Will]] Event.
}}
'''''The Art of the Elegant Blade Dance?''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Dance of Resolute Will]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the strange "swordsman"

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In a nondescript corner of Belleau Region, you and Paimon discover the entrance to a Domain. A Blade Dancer in high spirits extends a special invitation to you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Costentin)
:'''Costentin:''' Haha! What luck that two fine-looking adventurers such as yourselves have run into me, Costentin, here today. It must be fate...
:'''Costentin:''' So tell me, the pair of you &mdash; do you wish to revel in glorious combat?
:'''Paimon:''' Talk about out of the blue! Do you usually start conversations like this?
:{{DIcon}} Are you looking to pick a quarrel?
:{{DIcon}} ...Or just hungry for a knuckle sandwich?
:'''Costentin:''' No no, I'm not challenging you two to a fight...
:'''Costentin:''' By "combat," I don't mean some frivolous venting of pent-up anger, nor some kind of highway robbery.
:'''Costentin:''' I'm talking about an ode to your inner passion, an artistic appreciation of the expression of your natural instincts!
:'''Costentin:''' Evolution has given us hands with which to grip our swords, so it's our duty to use them for their purpose: clenching a blade most beautiful and wielding it in an elegant dance of death!
:'''Costentin:''' As a pair of intrepid adventurers, I have no doubt that you'll be masters of this art!
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh, you seem to be grasping the wrong end of the stick when it comes to combat... you're making it sound like the best thing since sliced bread!
:'''Paimon:''' Even though Paimon doesn't usually get involved, just seeing how {{Traveler}} deals with enemies is enough for her to know that fighting's really tough!
:'''Paimon:''' That's another thing, we haven't even told you who we are! How can you be so sure we're good at fighting?
:'''Costentin:''' Well, we're already quite some distance from the Court of Fontaine. How else could you have gotten here, if not by slaughtering every monster obstructing your path? By dropping out of the sky?
:{{DIcon}} Wrong! I know an even better way to travel!
:{{DIcon}} Wrong! We jumped off the aquabus!
:'''Costentin:''' Anyway, the aura emanating from you betrays how strong you are! I'm sure you've vanquished many powerful foes, and equally certain that you'll be very interested to hear about the one that resides in the Domain behind me...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, now we're back to familiar territory! Let Paimon guess, you were about to ask... "Would the two of you please demonstrate your prowess in combat for me?"
:'''Costentin:''' That's right! Would the two of you please demonstrate your prowess in combat for me? Pretty please?
:'''Paimon:''' Then our response is &mdash; Why don't you go do it yourself, huh?
:'''Costentin:''' Because when I went inside just now, I got beaten black and blue! Only you can't tell because I covered it up with makeup as quickly as I could.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect you to just admit it like that!
:{{DIcon}} Awww, poor you!
:{{DIcon}} Great job with the makeup, you nailed it!
:'''Costentin:''' There's no shame in defeat. After all, I'm only a writer, so naturally I'm not an expert fighter. I haven't been practicing for nearly long enough.
:'''Costentin:''' I only got the urge to put myself to the test after coming across stories about a certain "Blade Dancer" called [[Lafeinte]] while reading through some reference materials.
:'''Costentin:''' He likened combat to a dance of blades, and with the help of a certain talented engineer, had multiple arenas built where exquisite performances were held...
:'''Costentin:''' Such... consummate elegance!
:'''Costentin:''' Though he ended up in the Maison Gardiennage's bad books and had to flee Fontaine, stories of such legendary deeds make for gripping reading. I couldn't just let such top-notch source material go completely to waste!
:'''Paimon:''' So what you're saying is, you were trying to imitate a legendary figure...?
:'''Costentin:''' Exactly! I wanted to get into his head and understand his frame of mind. It took years of painstaking searching before I finally found this Domain.
:'''Costentin:''' It seems luck is with me! This must have been one of the arenas that the "Blade Dancer" built back in the day. If only someone could perform such a blade dance in the flesh and let me bear witness to the spectacle...
:'''Costentin:''' I'd be able to write a novel about a legendary swordsman, modeled after the "Blade Dancer" himself, and in so doing keep his elegance alive for posterity!
:'''Costentin:''' Of course, the two of you will certainly be richly rewarded for your trouble.
:'''Costentin:''' My writings would also be a written record of your hard work, which would itself become the stuff of legend, passed down far into the future... At least among novel enthusiasts...
:'''Paimon:''' When you put it all fancy like that, Paimon's starting to feel curious... {{Traveler}}, whaddya say?
:{{DIcon}} I get to fight, and even get paid for it?
:{{DIcon}} That's basically free money!
:'''Paimon:''' Good point... That means we're agreeing to help this swashbuckling novelist, right?
:'''Costentin:''' Woohoo! I knew you'd agree!
:'''Costentin:''' Then I'll leave it to you two! And don't you worry, I've hidden a Kamera in the Domain that will capture all of your heroics.
:'''Costentin:''' Your promised reward will be waiting for you upon your triumphant return!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Art of the Elegant Blade Dance?
|zhs     = 优雅剑舞的艺术？
|zhs_rm  = Yōuyǎ Jiàn Wǔ de Yìshù?
|zht     = 優雅劍舞的藝術？
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = The Art of the Elegant Sword Dance?
|ja      = 優雅な剣舞の芸術…？
|ja_rm   = Yuuga-na Kenbu no Geijutsu...?
|ja_tl   = The Art of the Elegant Blade Dance...?
|ko      = 우아한 검무의 예술?
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¿El elegante arte de la danza de la espada?
|es_tl   = The Art of the Elegant Sword Dance?
|fr      = L'art de l'élégante danse des lames ?
|fr_tl   = The Art of the Elegant Blade Dance?
|ru      = Искусство изящного танца с мечом?
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ศิลปะระบำดาบอันงดงาม?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nghệ Thuật Múa Kiếm Thanh Lịch?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Kunst des eleganten Klingentanzes?
|de_tl   = The Art of the Elegant Blade Dance?
|id      = Seni Tari Pedang yang Anggun?
|id_tl   = An Elegant Sword Art Dance?
|pt      = A Arte da Elegante Dança das Espadas?
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Zarif Kılıç Dansı Sanatı Mı?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'arte dell'elegante Danza delle lame?
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:A Arte da Elegante Dança das Espadas?]]
[[ru:Искусство изящного танца с мечом?]]