{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70652
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|event_name    = Lost Riches
|summary       = Ulman's Treasure-Seeking Seelie has stopped paying attention to him, and he is now looking to give it away to a new owner. He ends up entrusting the seelie, along with a book marking treasure locations, to the Traveler.
|startLocation = [[Stone Gate]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = The Path of the Treasure-Seeker... Part II?
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Treasure-Seeking Seelie|1}}
*Unlocks [[Lost Riches]] Event
|characters    = Traveler; Ulman
}}

'''The Path of the Treasure-Seeker, Part I''' is an Event Quest to introduce the [[Lost Riches/2021-01-08|first Lost Riches]] event.

==Steps==
*Talk to [[Ulman]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet a "treasure-seeker" named Ulman out in the wild. He says that he's looking for a capable "partner" to help him out...}}
{{dialogue start}}
:'''Ulman:''' *sigh* What am I to do...
:{{DIcon}} Something the matter?
:'''Ulman:''' Oh, so it's you, Traveler... It's nothing, just a small problem.
:'''Ulman:''' This Treasure-Seeking Seelie has suddenly stopped paying any attention to me, so I'm in a bit of a fix...
:{{DIcon}} You... can speak to Seelie?
:'''Ulman:''' Well, I wouldn't call it speaking. That would be exaggerating. We are, ultimately, the guide and the guided.
:'''Ulman:''' I picked this fellow up inside a ruin. It was trapped at that time &mdash; took me quite a bit of effort to extricate it, too.
:'''Ulman:''' I guess it must have wanted to thank me... After that, it would sometimes lead me to find some treasure.
:'''Ulman:''' I actually made quite the pile with its help...
:'''Ulman:''' But for whatever reason, the Seelie's stopped paying me any mind as of late.
:'''Ulman:''' If you ask me... I think it's looking for a new partner.
:'''Ulman:''' I daren't give it away carelessly, but I can't find any reliable hands to team up with at short notice, either...
:{{DIcon}} You could look for your companions.
:'''Ulman:''' Companions? Hah! Bunch of greedy churls, they are. I wouldn't trust them as far as I could throw them, to say nothing of working with them.
:'''Ulman:''' If I didn't need the extra information and leads, I'd have left them a long time ago...
:'''Ulman:''' Hmm... How about this, then? What would you say to working with me, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} I'm no expert in Seelie communications...
:'''Ulman:''' Hahaha, it doesn't matter! The way I see it, this Treasure-Seeking Seelie took a real shine to you the moment it saw you.
:'''Ulman:''' It didn't react at all when it saw those "companions" of mine, let me tell you that...
:'''Ulman:''' So, how about it? What say we team up and earn ourselves a pretty sum?
:{{DIcon}} I'll... give it a go.
:'''Ulman:''' Hahaha, great! Partners, then!
:'''Ulman:''' Come, take this Treasure-Seeking Seelie &mdash; you're partners in the venture too, after all!
:{{DIcon}} So, about this "Treasure-seeking" business...
:'''Ulman:''' Ah, yes, it almost slipped my mind. Hmm, let me think... Well, this Treasure-Seeking Seelie is different. from other Seelie...
:'''Ulman:''' It won't lead you to the spot where treasure is hidden, but it will give you hints as to whether treasure is nearby or far away.
:'''Ulman:''' Basically, it'll twinkle, see?
:'''Ulman:''' Also, this fellow isn't all that fond of popping out most of the time, so you'll have to wake it up from time-to-time.
:'''Ulman:''' Once it's awake, it will guide you. But it doesn't stay out for very long, so you're going to have to focus.
:'''Ulman:''' Oh, right. When you go treasure hunting with it, you might also encounter some {{Color|buzzword|Iron Coins}} to go with your loot.
:'''Ulman:''' Most merchants won't take this ancient currency, but you can give them to me instead. I have my uses for them.
:'''Ulman:''' You can trade them in with me for suitable rewards, too.
:'''Ulman:''' As for the size of that reward... Well, that will depend on the amount of Iron Coins you have on you.
:'''Ulman:''' And lastly, this book is for you. The locations marked out in this book most certainly have treasure &mdash; this is based on information that I've spent much time gathering.
:'''Ulman:''' Unfortunately, the Treasure-Seeking Seelie stopped listening to me before I could find these treasures.
:'''Ulman:''' So I suppose I can only rely on you now... Happy hunting!
:;(Obtain [[Treasure-Seeking Seelie]])
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Path of the Treasure-Seeker, Part I
|zhs     = 寻宝的方法之一
|zhs_rm  = Xúnbǎo de Fāngfǎ Zhī Yī
|zht     = 尋寶的方法之一
|zht_rm  = Xúnbǎo de Fāngfǎ Zhī Yī
|zh_tl   = Part One of the Method of Treasure Seeking
|ja      = 宝探しの方法・その一
|ja_rm   = Takara-sagashi no Houhou - Sono Ichi
|ja_tl   = Treasure-Seeking Method - Part One
|ko      = 보물을 찾는 방법 중 하나
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El arte de buscar tesoros
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Comment trouver un trésor
|fr_tl   = How to Find a Treasure
|ru      = Путь искателя сокровищ. Часть I
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = หนึ่งในเส้นทางของนักล่าสมบัติ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Một Trong Những Phương Pháp Tầm Bảo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kunst des Schatzsuchens – Teil I
|de_tl   = Art of Treasure Hunting - Part I
|id      = Salah Satu Cara Mencari Harta Karun
|id_tl   = One of the Way of Treasure Hunting
|pt      = O Caminho do Caçador de Tesouros, Parte I
|pt_tl   = The Path of the Treasure Hunter, Part I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}