{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival.png
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|event_name    = Moonlight Merriment
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[One for the Foodies, Two for the Show]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = 
|characters    = Linyang; Traveler
}}
'''The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival''' is an Event Quest during [[Moonlight Merriment]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Linyang]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Linyang of the Liyue Adventurers' Guild seems to have something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Linyang:''' Hmm... I need to place another batch of treasure chests, don't I...
:{{DIcon}} Did I hear someone mention treasure chests?
:'''Linyang:''' Eh!? Oh, it's... it's you, Traveler! Are you here to take part in the [[Moonchase Festival]] as well?
:{{DIcon}} You could say that.
:'''Linyang:''' Then you've come at the right time! The Adventurers' Guild is currently organizing an event to celebrate the festival.
:'''Linyang:''' Would you like to know more?
:{{DIcon}} What activities are we talking about here?
:{{DIcon}} Oh no, not the [[Commissions|dailies]] again. Anything but that...
::'''Linyang:''' No, no! This activity is super adventurer-like!
:'''Linyang:''' During the Moonchase Festival, the Guild has placed [[Moonchase Charm]]s in various places.
:'''Linyang:''' Those who find these Charms can bring them back to us in exchange for various rewards.
:'''Linyang:''' We've also dispatched a group of adventurers to place a large batch of [[Mystmoon Chest|special treasure chests]] out in the wild.
:'''Linyang:''' These special treasure chests will come filled with all manner of goodies, which we've prepared just for this occasion!
:'''Linyang:''' Other than these two activities, we've also got some tough challenges lined up for elite adventurers!
:'''Linyang:''' As for the details, it's... Well, it involves [[Trail of Delicacies|invading a series of monster camps]]...
:{{DIcon}} And what does that have to do with the festival?
:{{DIcon}} That's got nothing to do with the Moonchase Festival at all!
:'''Linyang:''' Aha... Ahaha... I mean, uh, you don't have to put it like that...
:'''Linyang:''' There's prizes to be had for beating those monsters!
:{{DIcon}} That's not all that different from normal commissions, come on...
:'''Linyang:''' ...Please, just help us out! Most of our adventurers have left to go enjoy the festival, and many of our commissions are just sitting there with no one to take them up.
:'''Linyang:''' Just lend us a hand! With your skills, it'll be a breeze, won't it?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, fine...
:{{DIcon}} Better have that payment ready.
:'''Linyang:''' O&mdash;Of course, you'll be compensated fairly, Traveler, don't worry!
:'''Linyang:''' I'll be here throughout the Moonchase Festival. If you have any questions, just ask me directly.
:'''Linyang:''' We're counting on you, Traveler. Well then... enjoy the festival!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival
|zhs     = 逐月节的诸多事宜
|zhs_rm  = Zúyuè-jié de Zhūduō Shìyí
|zht     = 逐月節的諸多事宜
|zht_rm  = Zúyuè-jié de Zhūduō Shìyí
|zh_tl   = The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival
|ja      = 月逐い祭の数々
|ja_rm   = Tsuki'oi-sai no Kazukazu
|ja_tl   = The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival
|ko      = 공사가 다망한 축월절
|ko_rm   = Gongsaga Damanghan Chugwoljeol
|ko_tl   = The Many Public and Private Matters of the Moonchase Festival
|es      = Asuntos del Festival de la Luna
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Préparation du Festival de désilune
|fr_tl   = Preparation of the Desilune Festival
|fr_note = ''Désilune'' is a portmanteau made of "'''dési'''re" (desire) and "'''lune'''" (moon).
|ru      = Куча дел в Лунную охоту
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องต่าง ๆ ของเทศกาล Moonchase
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lễ Trục Nguyệt Trăm Sự Bộn Bề
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die vielen Angelegenheiten des Vollmondtanzes
|de_tl   = The Many Matters of The Moonchase Festival
|id      = Beragam Urusan di Festival Moonchase
|id_tl   = Various Affairs at the Moonchase Festival
|pt      = Os Muitos Assuntos do Festival da Caça à Lua
|pt_tl   = The Many Topics of the Moonchase Festival
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
[[pt-br:Os Muitos Assuntos do Festival da Caça à Lua]]