{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73074
|image         = World Quest The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = II
|act           = Dream Nursery
|part          = 
|characters    = Aradasa; Arama; Paimon; Traveler
|requirement   = [[Encounter in the Woods]]
|startLocation = [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|domain        = The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail (Domain)
|parent        = Children of the Forest
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4;Vasoma Fruit*1
}}
'''''The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[Aranyaka]]: Part II - Dream Nursery.

==Steps==
# Head to the designated location to look for clues about [[Ashvattha's Concourses]]
# Talk to Arama
# Observe the Sumeru Roses to find the hidden song
# Play the music according to the pattern of the roses
#*You can now use the [[Vintage Lyre]] on the [[Claustroflora]] to remove obstacles.
# Head to the designated location
# Unlock the road ahead using the Rhythm of the Beastly Trail
# Keep going and reach Ashvattha's Concourse
# Clean up the [[The Withering|Withering Zone]]
# Investigate the trees inside Ashvattha's Concourse
#*You will enter the quest domain [[The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail (Domain)|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail]]. If you leave before completing the quest, you must redo the entire domain from the start.
#*You must have a Dendro character and a bow user in your team.
# Explore the dream of the [[Vasara Tree]]
# Investigate the Vasara Tree
# Talk to Arama

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|According to Arakavi, Arayasa, Aradasa, and Arasudraka are looking for clues about Ashvattha's Concourses in the wild. Arama will meet up with them later. Join them in the search of the concourses, for it is the key to finding Vasoma Fruits.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Arama... and an Aranara we don't know! Are they looking for Ashvattha's Concourse around here?
{{Dialogue End}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|You meet Arama and some Aranara that you've never seen before...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Arama and Aradasa &mdash; if this is the first quest started out of the three)
::'''Arama:''' Greetings, Nara {{Traveler}}, Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' It's good to see you again, [[Arama]]! Who's the Aranara with you...?
::'''???:''' ♪~
::'''Arama:''' Oh, [[Aradasa]] is a "song gatherer" who collects songs of all kinds. He doesn't like talking. He believes singing is way better.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Eh, you do have a point. So, is this one of Ashvattha's Concourses?
::'''Paimon:''' There aren't any trees here, but there sure are roses... floating in mid-air?
::'''Arama:''' No, it is not. But it is a great discovery nonetheless. Here lies a song that we Aranara have been unable to find for many, many years.
::'''Arama:''' Aranara song gatherers always pursue the beauty of songs. At the end of time, they will leave behind a song that belongs only to themselves.
::{{DIcon}} Does this have anything to do with Ashvattha's Concourses?
:::'''Arama:''' Yes! This over here seems to be the song left behind by [[Arayama]]. If that's the case, there should be a [[Vasara Tree]] nearby.
::{{DIcon}} Best of luck to you.
:::'''Arama:''' Thank you, Nara {{Traveler}}! This seems to be the song left by Arayama. If that's the case, there should be a Vasara Tree nearby. We've lucked out!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers Araja saying something about the Vasara Trees... Let Paimon check the Aranyaka real quick...
::'''Paimon:''' Vasara Trees bear [[Vasoma Fruit]]s! We should help them, {{Traveler}}!
::'''Arama:''' Thank you! The song is hidden among the roses. But Arayasa and I have looked for hours and hours, and we couldn't find it. The roses won't talk to us either.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees. {{Traveler}}, let's try having a look, too!
::{{DIcon}} Since it's for Rana...
::{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Paimon:''' Yup! And anyway, finding stuff is what we do best!

;(Approach Arama and Aradasa &mdash; if this is '''not''' the first quest started out of the three)
::'''Arama:''' Greetings, Nara {{Traveler}}, Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey there, Arama. Good to see you again! Who's the Aranara with you?
::'''???:''' ♪~
::'''Arama:''' Oh, Aradasa is also a "song gatherer." He doesn't like talking. He believes singing is way better.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Eh, you do have a point. Anyway, is there a song hidden here too?
::'''Arama:''' Yes! Aradasa said Arayama's song has been left here. If that's the case, there should be a Vasara Tree nearby.
::'''Paimon:''' And where there's a Vasara Tree, there should be a Vasoma Fruit! Let's help them out, {{Traveler}}!
::'''Arama:''' Thank you! It's just as before &mdash; the song is hidden amongst the roses. Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon are smart. I'm sure you can find it right away!
::{{DIcon}} Since it's for Rana...
::{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Paimon:''' Yep! Leave it to us!

;(Talk to Arama again)
:'''Arama:''' I wonder. What sort of song did Arayama leave behind?

;(Talk to Aradasa again)
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|It seems that the Aranara of the past left behind some songs within the Sumeru Roses. These songs contain clues to the location of Ashvattha's Concourses. Whether this is true or not, it is best to observe these roses from different perspectives.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Investigate the stone)
:These {{Color|buzzword|patterns}} may have some connection with the "hidden song" in the roses...

;(After finding the correct orientation)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, look! The roses are glowing! Try {{color|buzzword|playing the instrument}}  according to how they appear!

;(After playing the song)
:'''Aradasa:''' ...
:'''Arama:''' This is the song Arayama left behind...
:'''Aradasa:''' "Press forward and sing, even if the path is filled with flame..."
:'''Aradasa:''' "Even if the pale moonlight on that night resembles the eyes of a dying beast..."
:'''Arama:''' "For we are the children of the Valley of Life &mdash; for we are the seeds of courage."
:'''Paimon:''' So this is the song we found...?
:'''Aradasa:''' "For the pomegranates that wish to bear fruits, for the roses that yearn to blossom."
:'''Aradasa:''' "A distant sky yet so close at hand... A promise ever unbroken... A city that returns to you in your dreams..."
:'''Arama:''' I see, I see it now! We can clear out the obstacles along the way to Ashvattha's Concourse using Arayama's song.
:{{DIcon}} That makes sense to me too.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute. What makes sense again?
:{{DIcon}} How did you "see it"?
:'''Arama:''' Through Arayama's song, of course. Hmm... Is this something that might be hard to grasp if you are not an Aranara?
:'''Arama:''' Anyway, Aradasa, how about you go back to prepare for Festival Utsava? Leave Ashvattha's Concourse to me!
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~
:'''Paimon:''' We'll come with you! After all, we promised to help you get those Vasoma Fruits!
:'''Aradasa:''' "...Press forward and sing."
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The song hidden within the rose can remove certain obstacles. Follow the mysterious traces with Arama and reach Ashvattha's Concourse using the Rhythm of the Beastly Trail.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Arama:''' The path towards Ashvattha's Concourse has been sealed by Arayama. But not to worry. We can move the obstacles using his song!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The concourse seems to be corrupted by The Withering. Clean up the Withering Zone so that you can explore the place.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(The dialogue for entering the Withering Zone is conditional based on the order the three quests are completed)

;(Enter the Withering Zone &mdash; if this was the first quest started out of the three)
:'''Arama:''' Marana's corrosion is getting more serious. Even Ashvattha's Concourse...
:'''Paimon:''' Is this Ashvattha's Concourse? Don't worry, Arama, just leave everything to {{Traveler}}!

;(Enter the Withering Zone &mdash; if this was the second quest started out of the three)
:'''Arama:''' Nara {{Traveler}}, Paimon, be careful! Marana is here too!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. You be careful too, Arama!

;(Enter the Withering Zone &mdash; if this was the third quest started out of the three)
:'''Arama:''' Even this place has been corroded by Marana... Are you alright, Nara {{Traveler}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Have some faith in {{Traveler}}, {{MC|he|she}} is very strong!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You have cleaned up The Withering that was affecting the concourse. Next, try investigating the tree inside it.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<!-- The investigate the tree dialogue may seem the same across the three quests but there are some significant differences, so no transcluding... -->
;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if this is the first quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Is this... the Vasara Tree? Doesn't seem as lively as Paimon imagined...
::'''Arama:''' It must've been corroded by Marana... I'm so sorry, Arayama. We never realized that Marana's corruption had even reached here.
::'''Arama:''' When I was a teeny tiny seed, I heard stories about [[Aramuhukunda]], Arayama, and [[Araji]].
::'''Arama:''' Arayama didn't really like Nara, so he created the phantasmal barrier. He was happy to see the Nara's frustrated faces. But there was one Nara who saw through his [[Ararakalari]].
::'''Arama:''' No matter how hard he tried, that Nara always found a way to break through. Then they slowly became friends.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, that's how some friendships form... What happened to Arayama in the end?
::'''Arama:''' At the end of the story, a great catastrophe occurred. He protected a lot of Aranara and Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Ah! No wonder his song could disperse all those illusions. It's because their game has ended.
::{{DIcon}} How can we get the Vasoma Fruit?
::'''Arama:''' First, we must enter his dream to destroy Marana's lingering influence.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a second... When you say "his dream," you mean that of the Vasara Tree?
::'''Arama:''' That's right. If you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::{{Black Screen|You seem to have entered someone else's dream...}}
::{{DIcon}} I need a minute.
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' I need a minute...
:::'''Arama:''' Alright. I'll wait for you.

;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if this is the second quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect Marana's corruption to be here too...
::'''Arama:''' Nara {{Traveler}} is amazing. You drove Marana away easily this time, too.
::'''Arama:''' I'm so sorry, Arayama. We never realized that Marana's corruption had even reached here.
::'''Arama:''' When I was a teeny tiny seed, I heard stories about Aramuhukunda, Arayama, and Araji.
::'''Arama:''' Arayama didn't really like Nara, so he created the phantasmal barrier. He was happy to see the Nara's frustrated faces. But there was one Nara who saw through his Ararakalari.
::'''Arama:''' No matter how hard he tried, that Nara always found a way to break through. Then they slowly became friends.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, that's how some friendships form... What happened to Arayama in the end?
::'''Arama:''' At the end of the story, a great catastrophe occurred. He protected a lot of Aranara and Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Ah! No wonder his song could disperse all those illusions. It's because their game has ended.
::{{DIcon}} Do we need to enter the dream of the Vasara Tree this time too?
::'''Arama:''' Yes. We must erase all traces of Marana's influence.
::'''Arama:''' That's right. If you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::{{Black Screen|You seem to have entered someone else's dream...}}
::{{DIcon}} I need a minute.
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' I need a minute...
:::'''Arama:''' Alright. I'll wait for you.

;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if this is the third quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Next up, our third Vasoma Fruit!
::{{DIcon}} Let's do this for the Bija...
::{{DIcon}} Let's do this for Rana...
::'''Arama:''' I'm so sorry, Arayama. We never realized that Marana's corruption had even reached here.
::'''Arama:''' When I was a teeny tiny seed, I heard stories about Aramuhukunda, Arayama, and Araji.
::'''Arama:''' Arayama didn't really like Nara, so he created the phantasmal barrier. He was happy to see the Nara's frustrated faces. But there was one Nara who saw through his Ararakalari.
::'''Arama:''' No matter how hard he tried, that Nara always found a way to break through. Then they slowly became friends.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, that's how some friendships form... What happened to Arayama in the end?
::'''Arama:''' At the end of the story, a great catastrophe occurred. He protected a lot of Aranara and Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Ah! No wonder his song could disperse all those illusions. It's because their game has ended.
::{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Arama:''' If you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::{{Black Screen|You seem to have entered someone else's dream...}}
::{{DIcon}} I need a minute.
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' I need a minute...
:::'''Arama:''' Alright. I'll wait for you.

;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if the player selected "I need a minute.")
::'''Arama:''' Nara {{Traveler}}, if you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::{{Black Screen|You seem to have entered someone else's dream...}}
::{{DIcon}} I need a minute...
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' I need a minute...
:::'''Arama:''' Alright. I'll wait for you.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You have entered the dream of the Vasara Tree. As long as you solve the problem here, you should be able to obtain a Vasoma Fruit.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Explore the dream of the Vasara Tree)
:'''Arama:''' Luckily, we were not late. It would be bad if Marana had already corrupted the dream to its core.
:'''Arama:''' But the source of Marana's influence that's been corrupting this dream is somewhere here, in this bud.
:'''Arama:''' Then, we move on.

;(Approach the Claustroflora)
:'''Arama:''' We can make the obstacles go bye-bye using Arayama's song. Then we must find three Primeval Rosins to return here.
:'''Paimon:''' Can't you just... uh, "whoosh" in there, like how you broke out of the ground last time?
:'''Arama:''' No, I can't do that in here. Only Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon can help me now. Thank you, Nara {{Traveler}} and thank you, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' We'll try our best to get that Vasoma Fruit!
:'''Arama:''' Go! Go!

;(Enter the unlocked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon wasn't expecting the passage to be here...
:'''Arama:''' After Arayama had become friends with Nara, he would spend a lot of time brainstorming ideas for his mazes, so that they could have a good time together.
:'''Arama:''' Arayama would create mazes with his Ararakalari, and Nara would beat it. Arayama would then created something even grander and Nara would beat it even faster.
:'''Paimon:''' Well these Fungi don't look like Arayama's friends though...
:'''Arama:''' No. They need to go bye-bye.

;(Collect the first rosin)
:'''Paimon:''' It seems that we can now pass through the vines there! By the way, the plants here are so huge that they make Paimon feel really small...
:'''Arama:'''  But Paimon is really small when compared with Nara {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Paimon isn't large, but you aren't so big yourself!
:'''Arama:''' Yes. The forest is vast, and dreams are vast, so I am small.
:'''Arama:''' I see it now. Nara {{Traveler}}'s power is big and Nara {{Traveler}}'s courage is big. That's why Paimon is small, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Is that so...? Maybe... but also not really... Well, {{Traveler}} is strong, and there's no doubt about that one!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon can't figure it out, but something's definitely off there!

;(Approach the runes)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, we've seen runes like these before...
:'''Arama:''' Yes! This is how we leave marks behind. It's a type of inscription!
:'''Paimon:''' I see... What does it say?
:'''Arama:''' "Haha, silly Nara. No way to solve my delicious puzzle. I look down upon you from above."
:'''Paimon:''' He's a really competitive sort, huh? Anyway, Paimon has a feeling that we're going up ourselves.

;(Open the Precious Chest)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon didn't expect to find any treasure chests here! This is great!
:'''Arama:''' Paimon likes treasures chests. So does [[Araminali]]. You will be good friends.
:'''Arama:''' He likes to put treasure into chests!
:'''Paimon:''' And that's what Paimon calls a reliable friend!

;(Collect the second rosin)
:'''Arama:''' Yay! There really are Primeval Rosins here!
:'''Paimon:''' Hee-hee! Well, we've solved tons of puzzles together before, y'know!
:'''Arama:''' Really? It must be hard work.
:'''Paimon:''' It's not easy for sure, but you're in this business for the treasure, y'know...

;(Collect the third rosin)
:'''Arama:''' Now we have three Primeval Rosins!
:'''Arama:''' Yes! Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon are great!
:'''Arama:''' The terribly terrible Marana wants to infest this place. Once it's gone, the Vasara Tree will be able to bear Vasoma Fruits.

;(Entering the room with enemies)
:'''Paimon:''' Not Fungi again.
:'''Arama:''' Yes. Some Fungi are really afraid of Marana, so they hide in Vasara Tree's dreams.
:'''Arama:''' But if Marana gets inside the dreams as well, the Fungi will have nowhere else to hide. And they will get corrupted by Marana in the end. Marana is the worst
:'''Paimon:''' That's so terrible! Let's take 'em out real quick, {{Traveler}}!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''Arama:''' Yay! Marana, bad Fungi, don't come back.
:'''Arama:''' Okay, now the Vasara Tree should be able to bear Vasoma Fruits. Let's go now!

;(The Traveler leaves the dream)
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|On the Vasara Tree grows a Vasoma Fruit, with which you can obtain the Bija. Your adventure in this Ashvattha's Concourse will come to an end once you collect the Vasoma Fruit here.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Investigate the object &mdash; if this is the first quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' So this is...
::'''Arama:''' Yes. This is a Vasoma Fruit.
::'''Arama:''' It is the accumulation of the dreams and memories gathered by the Vasara Tree. It's a precious fruit that can help us restore our strength.
::'''Arama:''' A large amount of energy must be consumed for the Ashvattha Tree to produce a Bija. That is why we must offer Vasoma Fruits.
::'''Arama:''' Keep the Vasoma Fruit safe, Nara {{Traveler}}!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm. You know what? Let's teach Arama the meaning of "treasure"!
::'''Paimon:''' Now then! "Treasure" refers to something very precious. This Vasoma Fruit contains lots of dreams and memories, and it can restore an Aranara's power. That makes it pretty rare and amazing, right?
::'''Paimon:''' For things like Vasoma Fruits that are rare and precious, we call them "treasure"!
::'''Arama:''' Ah, so this is what treasure means... I got it! Thank you, Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} So, what's next?
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Araja said that we'll need more than one Vasoma Fruit. That means we need to find other Ashvattha's Concourses, right?
::{{DIcon}} {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|Thanks,}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|Thank you,}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|Thanks,}} Paimon!
:::'''Paimon:''' What are you thanking Paimon for...? Anyway, Araja said that we'll need more than one Vasoma Fruit. That means we need to find other Ashvattha's Concourses, right?
::'''Arama:''' That's right. I'll do my best to find them! So long, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' See you later, Arama!
:;(Obtain [[Vasoma Fruit]])

;(Investigate the object &mdash; if this is the second quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' We now have the second Vasoma Fruit!
::'''Arama:''' Impressive! Nara {{Traveler}} is not afraid of Marana and even drove all the monsters away. No wonder you could defeat Vanagni!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, the many adventures we've been through aren't just for show, y'know?
::'''Arama:''' That's great! Then Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon must have many memories and stories, right?
::{{DIcon}} We do have a great many, yes.
::{{DIcon}} Eh, we do have some.
::'''Arama:''' I see. If you don't mind, we'd love to hear Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon's stories sometime.
::'''Paimon:''' Sure! We've shared our stories with others before, though it feels like so long ago...
::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Paimon saw a giant purple tree in the distance while we were in the Vasara Tree's dream. Paimon's pretty sure we saw it in Vanarana, too. What was that?
::'''Arama:''' That's the very first Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams. Hmm, how should I put this...
::'''Arama:''' Dreams are like leaves in a stream. They soon float away with the water. If you want to keep a dream in place, you have to let it grow roots. That way, the dream won't drift away.
::'''Arama:''' Hmm... {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|it's so hard to explain...}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|words are failing me...}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|it's so hard to explain...}}
::{{DIcon}} So Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams is like their "roots"?
::{{DIcon}} So Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams keeps dreams from drifting away?
::'''Arama:''' Nara {{Traveler}} is smart. This tree keeps Aranara's dreams stable. Aranara can enter or exit dreams and are able to connect with the Vasara Tree.
::'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is. Do you mean, then, that the Vanarana in dreams can be maintained because of that tree?
::'''Arama:''' {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|It is because of the Tree of Dreams.}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|It is because of the Tree of Dreams.}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|Yes.}} But I'm very concerned about Marana right now. We'll have to come up with a plan later.
::'''Arama:''' ...
::'''Arama:''' But let's get the Bija first! We need to help the friend of Nara {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and Arana!
::'''Paimon:''' {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|Yeah!}} Will you be looking for other Ashvattha's Concourses after this, Arama?
::'''Arama:''' Yes! So we'll see each other again for sure!
::'''Paimon:''' Stay safe, Arama!
::'''Arama:''' You too, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:;(Obtain [[Vasoma Fruit]])

;(Investigate the object &mdash; if this is the third quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' We got the third Vasoma Fruit! According to Araja, three Vasoma Fruits should be enough, right?
::'''Arama:''' Yes, that will do. Thank you, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} You're welcome.
:::'''Paimon:''' Still, you were the one helping us throughout, Arama. So why are you thanking us?
::{{DIcon}} You've been the one helping us...
::'''Arama:''' Well... It's because you are helping Arana, and Arana is my friend. So, thank you.
::'''Arama:''' And Nara {{Traveler}} has helped Arayasa, Aradasa, and Arasudraka find the ancient songs. They're my friends too. Thank you for that, too.
::'''Arama:''' Finally, I'm so happy that I got to go on adventures with Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon. So, thanks for that as well.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon had a good time too! Thank you, Arama!
::'''Paimon:''' {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|By the way, there are many signs of activity around Ashvattha's Concourses... Is there some story behind that?}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|By the way, there are many signs of activity around Ashvattha's Concourses... Is there some story behind that?}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|Speaking of which, Ashvattha's Concourses looked a lot like ancient ruins... Is there a story behind that?}}
::'''Arama:''' That's a story from long, long ago. I wasn't even a seed then. It was a time when all Nara could see Aranara and not a single Aranara was afraid of Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Back then, Nara and Aranara helped each other. They played and sang together, just like Nara {{Traveler}} and I.
::'''Arama:''' Song gatherers like Arayasa originally learned their craft from Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Ashvattha's Concourses used to be where Nara and Aranara played together. But that was a long time ago.
::'''Arama:''' After the horrible, horrible catastrophe occurred, Vanarana was devastated, and the concourses were left desolate...
::'''Paimon:''' So that's what happened...
::'''Arama:''' Yes, and it's a very scary tale indeed. I'm lucky that they are not memories to me &mdash; only stories.
::'''Paimon:''' Don't worry! Things will get better. Right, {{Traveler}}?
::{{DIcon}} That's right.
::{{DIcon}} I wouldn't be too sure...
:::'''Paimon:''' ...Are you tired, {{Traveler}}?
::'''Arama:''' We've found Ashvattha's Concourses and obtained three Vasoma Fruits. Next, I've got to help prepare for Festival Utsava and call some of my friends back from the forest.
::'''Paimon:''' Best of luck, Arama! Paimon's super looking forward to the festival!
::'''Arama:''' Me too! I'll see you guys soon!
::'''Paimon:''' Bye, Arama!
:;(Obtain [[Vasoma Fruit]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/sxBgNpKhr6k
|caption1 = Aranyaka Part II: The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail

|video2   = https://youtu.be/WN4Nq2vdiOw?t=673
|caption2 = The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail
|zhs     = 揭示兽径的曲调
|zhs_rm  = Jiēshì Shòujìng de Qǔdiào
|zht     = 揭示獸徑的曲調
|zht_rm  = Jiēshì Shòujìng de Qǔdiào
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 獣径を掲示するメロディー
|ja_rm   = Juukei wo Keiji Suru Merodii
|ja_tl   = The Melody that Reveals the Beastly Trail
|ko      = 동물이 거니는 길의 멜로디 공개
|ko_rm   = Dongmul-i Geonineun Gil-ui Mellodi Gonggae
|ko_tl   = The Melody of Animal Walking Path Release
|es      = Descubriendo la «Melodía de la senda salvaje»
|es_tl   = Discovering the "Melody of the Wild Trail"
|fr      = La mélodie qui révèle le sentier bestial
|fr_tl   = The Melody that Reveals the Beastly Trail
|ru      = Песня, открывающая звериную тропу
|ru_tl   = The Song which Uncovers the Animal Trail
|th      = บทเพลงซึ่งเผยเส้นทางสัตว์ร้าย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giai Điệu Mở Ra Lối Mòn Của Muôn Thú
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Melodie des tierischen Wegs
|de_tl   = Melody of the Beastly Trail
|id      = Irama yang Mengungkap Jejak Hewan Buas
|id_tl   = Rhythm that Reveals Beast Trails
|pt      = A Melodia que Revela a Trilha Selvagem
|pt_tl   = The Melody that Reveals the Wild Trail
|tr      = Canavar İzini Ortaya Çıkaran Melodi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il ritmo che rivela il sentiero bestiale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}