{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = The Meaning of Flight
|image             = The Meaning of Flight.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-11-15 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-11-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/34952162
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20241115chasca-yjiwkp/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Chasca;Cusco
}}
{{Description|During the event, help [[Chasca]] select the gift and explore all areas on the map. Find the mother [[Qucusaurus]] to obtain in-game item rewards.}}
'''The Meaning of Flight''' is [[Web Event]] in [[Version 5.1]].

==Event Duration==
November 15, 2024 12:00 – November 21, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, help Chasca select the gift and explore all areas on the map. Find the mother Qucusaurus to obtain in-game item rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, help Chasca select the gift and explore all three areas on the map. Find the mother Qucusaurus to obtain in-game item rewards.
# Find the mother Qucusaurus and give her the gift to claim the event wallpaper.

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpapers are not available after the event ends. Please claim them in time.
# After giving the gift to the mother Qucusaurus, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 40
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 2
|Vayuda Turquoise Fragment = 3
|Mora = 20000
|sort  = Primogem,Mystic Enhancement Ore,Vayuda Turquoise Fragment,Mora
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Meaning of Flight
|zhs      = 飞翔的意义
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 飛翔的意義
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 空を飛ぶ意味
|ja_rm    = Sora wo Tobu Imi
|ja_tl    = The Meaning of Flying to the Sky
|ko       = 비행<->의 의미
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El significado de volar
|es_tl    = The Meaning of Flight
|fr       = Le sens du vol
|fr_tl    = The Meaning of Flight
|ru       = Смысл полёта
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ความหมายของการโบยบิน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ý Nghĩa Của Bay Lượn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der Sinn des Fliegens
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Makna Terbang
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = O Significado de Voar
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uçmanın Anlamı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il significato di volare
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

[[es:El significado de volar]]
[[fr:Le sens du vol]]
[[pt-br:O Significado de Voar]]
[[ru:Смысл полёта]]
[[vi:Ý Nghĩa Của Bay Lượn]]