{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10201
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trifolium Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = True Treasure
|character     = Klee
|startLocation = [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = Who Is Mondstadt's Strongest Fighter?
|next          = A Very Volatile Treasure
|domain        = Retrieve the Treasure
|exp           = 675
|mora          = 31,175
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Klee;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure''' is the second part of [[Klee]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Trifolium Chapter]]: Act I - [[True Treasure]].

==Steps==
# Find the treasure trove in the [[Whispering Woods]]
# Talk to [[Klee]]
#* This step happens automatically
# Chase down the [[Abyss Mage]] with Klee
#* If the Abyss Mage is more than 50 meters away from you, you will fail the quest.
#*Defeat the Pyro Slimes and chase the Abyss Mage.
#*Defeat the Electro Slimes and chase the Abyss Mage again.
#* Make sure to have some stamina left after each encounter with the summoned monsters.
# Track down the Abyss Mage
#* Break the nearby rock to reveal a torch that has to be lit with a [[Pyro]] attack.
# Enter the domain
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Retrieve the Treasure]]
#*Recommended party level is 30
#*Klee will join your party for this Domain.
#*''The Abyss Mage has fled into the Domain. Brave the Domain and retrieve Klee's treasure!''
#*Rewards
#**{{Item|Mora|20|x=10,000}}
#**{{Item|Agnidus Agate Fragment|20|x=1}}
#**{{Item|Adventurer's Experience|20|x=2}}
#**{{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|20|x=2}}
# Explore the domain and find the Abyss Mage
# Negotiate with the Abyss Mage
==Gameplay Notes==
*1 Common Chest and 1 Exquisite Chest can be found in the domain.
*1 Precious Chest can be found at the end of the domain.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have heard people from various corners weigh in on who the strongest fighter in [[Mondstadt]] is, but have yet to get a definite answer. Outside the Knights headquarters, you have an unexpected meeting with one of the candidates for the title &mdash; [[Klee]], who is in dire need of help to recover her stolen treasure.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Find the treasure trove in the Whispering Woods)
:{{A|vo kllq002 1 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' ♪ La la la la la la la~ ♪
:{{A|vo kllq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your treasure's gone, but you seem oddly happy.
:{{A|vo kllq002 1 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ah, well, [[Razor]] and [[Albedo]] seem really busy recently.
:{{A|vo kllq002 1 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' So Klee must not disturb them.
:{{A|vo kllq002 1 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But now Klee has new friends!
:{{A|vo kllq002 1 klee 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo kllq002 1 klee 05b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's such a nice surprise to have a new friend to help me! Hehehe. I'm so happy!

;(Talk to Klee)
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' We're here! This is the place.
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Look, this is where my huuuge treasure was buried...
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And where there's now a huuuge empty hole in the ground...
:{{DIcon}} Wait &mdash; who's that over there?
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's... an Abyss Mage!? Hey, maybe he's the one Jean was warning us about.
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that in his hand?
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' My treasure!
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wha!?
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 abyss 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Hmph! I see the little girl's brought her friends with her! Time for a change of plan...
:{{A|vo kllq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you! If you think you're so tough, get back here and fight!
:{{DIcon}} After him!

;(Pursue the Abyss Mage with Klee)
:{{A|vo kllq002 4 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' What's an Abyss Mage? I play in the forest all the time, but I've never seen one before.
:{{A|vo kllq002 4 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It looks so cute! Soft, and {{not a typo|fluffy...I}} wanna pet it.
:;(After catching up to the Abyss Mage)
:{{A|vo kllq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Game's up. Now hand it over!
:{{A|vo kllq002 5 abyss 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Grr...
:{{A|vo kllq002 5 abyss 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' You fools think I would give this up so easily after what I have been through to acquire it?
:{{A|vo kllq002 5 abyss 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Hehe...

;(After defeating the Pyro slimes)
:{{A|vo kllq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Careful, Klee, don't be drawn in by it... Abyss Mages are the bad guys.
:{{A|vo kllq002 4 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh... That's right, Master [[Jean]] says that stealing is wrong.
:{{A|vo kllq002 4 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hmm... But if we could just get him to give it back...
:{{A|vo kllq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Freeze!
:{{A|vo kllq002 7 abyss 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' *panting* That girl's lucky she didn't come alone, otherwise I'd...
:{{A|vo kllq002 7 abyss 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Hmph...

;(Track down the Abyss Mage)
:{{A|vo kllq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where'd he go? The Abyss Mage! He just... disappeared!
:{{A|vo kllq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on?

;(After activating the Ruins Torch)
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A gateway to a domain! The Abyss Mage must have snuck inside.
:{{DIcon}} Then he has no way out.
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep up the chase.
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' *panting* ...
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Klee, do you need a rest?
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't you wait here while we get your treasure back for you?
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' ...No, I'm coming with you!
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's my treasure that Mr. Fluffball stole, and it's up to me to get it back!
:{{DIcon}} I admire your courage.
:{{DIcon}} But these domains can be dangerous.
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hee-hee, don't worry. Klee is a big girl!
:{{A|vo kllq002 10 klee 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo kllq002 10 klee 05b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Come on, {{MC|Mr.|Miss}} Honorary Knight! Let's goooo!

----

;(Negotiate with the Abyss Mage)
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Hmph. You followed me. I must say, I'm impressed.
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' But this is as far as you will get.
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Mwuhahaha! Ahahahaha!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 04.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Oh, the human proclivity to gossip has provided us with everything we need...
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 05.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' We learned that your little red friend had in her possession the most powerful treasure in all of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 06.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' That treasure is now in my hands. There is nothing you can do!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 07.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Now your precious treasure shall be your undoing!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' No, no, wait! D&mdash;Don't touch it!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 08.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Hah! Oh, how you fret now your predicament is finally clear to you!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 abyss 09.ogg}} '''Abyss Mage:''' Now, what have we here &mdash; a flame symbol? Mwuhahaha...

;(The Abyss Mage pays no heed to Klee's warning and touches the treasure. Boom. A deafening explosion echoes throughout the ruins, and when the smoke clears, not so much as a shred of cloth is left where the Abyss Mage has been.)

:'''???:''' *bang*
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' NO!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I broke the survival rules... "Explosions can hurt people... Jean can be dreadful..."
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' This is it... This time I'm done for... *sobs*
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so Klee's treasure is a bomb!?
:{{DIcon}} That was epic...
:{{DIcon}} It made short work of that Abyss Mage!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No wonder Klee was rumored to be the strongest fighter in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon for one is never picking a fight with her. Ever.
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on... Why has she gone and run off?
:{{DIcon}} Something to do with the survival rules...
:{{DIcon}} Something to do with Jean...
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like it!
:{{A|vo kllq002 12 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well then, let's head to the {{Color|buzzword|Knights' Headquarters}} and report to Jean!
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure
|zhs     = 「红衣女孩宝物」之谜
|zhs_rm  = "Hóng Yī Nǚhái Bǎowù" zhī Mí
|zht     = 「紅衣女孩寶物」之謎
|zht_rm  = "Hóng Yī Nǚhái Bǎowù" zhī Mí
|zh_tl   = The Mystery of the Red-Clothed Girl's Teasure
|ja      = 「赤い服の女の子の宝物」の謎
|ja_rm   = "Akai Fuku no Onna no Ko no Takaramono" no Nazo
|ja_tl   = The Mystery of "The Red-Clothed Girl's Treasure"
|ko      = 「빨간옷 여자아이 보물」의 수수께끼
|ko_rm   = "Ppalgan-ot Yeojaai Bomul"ui Susukkekki
|ko_tl   = The Mystery of "The Red-Clothed Girl's Treasure"
|es      = El misterio del tesoro de la chica de rojo
|es_tl   = The Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure
|fr      = Le mystère du trésor de la fille en rouge
|fr_tl   = The Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure
|ru      = Девушка в красном и её сокровища
|ru_tl   = The Girl in Red and Her Treasure
|th      = ความลึกลับของ "สมบัติของเด็กหญิงชุดแดง"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Câu đố "Bảo vật của cô bé mặc áo đỏ"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Rätsel um das Mädchen mit dem Schatz
|de_tl   = The Mystery About the Girl with the Treasure
|id      = Misteri Harta Gadis Berpakaian Merah
|id_tl   = Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure
|pt      = O Mistério do Tesouro da Garota de Vermelho
|pt_tl   = The Mystery of the Treasure of the Girl in Red
|tr      = Kırmızılı Kızın Hazinesinin Gizemi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il tesoro della ragazza di rosso vestita
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:El misterio del tesoro de la chica de rojo]]