{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest The Commission's Commission.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Kamisato Estate
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = Complete [[A Flower Blooms in a Prison]]
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Madarame Hyakubei; Traveler
}}
'''''The Commission's Commission''''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks [[Inazuma]]'s [[Reputation]] menu. It is automatically unlocked after meeting [[Kamisato Ayaka]] in [[A Flower Blooms in a Prison]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Madarame Hyakubei]]

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Honored guest, a moment, if you please. I trust you are the Traveler of whom Miss Kamisato has previously spoken?
:{{DIcon}} Indeed I am.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Then please forgive my intrusion. I am Madarame Hyakubei, a retainer of the Kamisato Clan.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' I have heard tell of your great deeds, and Miss Kamisato thinks extremely highly of you. No doubt you are one of great honor, and worthy of our trust.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' I have long since wished for the pleasure of making your acquaintance. Unfortunately, I have been unable to extricate myself from my duties recently.
:{{DIcon}} Too kind, too kind.
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' On the contrary, it is you who are too modest. Even the Yashiro Commissioner Kamisato Ayato himself has mentioned you before. He, too, believes that you are worthy of our trust.
:{{DIcon}} What do you want?
::'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Haha, you are every bit as forthright as the stories claim. Please excuse my habitual meandering.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' I'll get to the point. Since the Yashiro Commission oversees worship at the shrine, we often have the occasion to hear about people's earnest ambitions.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Miss Kamisato, being as kind and thoughtful as she is, convinced the Yashiro Commissioner to allocate resources to help people realize their ambitions.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' After some deliberation, he decided to establish a public commission system as the means of achieving this. I am the one he assigned to organize it.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' The remuneration is more than ample, but the problem is that there are too many commissions and not enough people to handle them... If you were willing to lend your assistance, that would be helpful.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' If you are unable to start right away, that's no problem. You can simply find me in a few days' time when your schedule is freer.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' I have compiled the details of the commissions that we've received so far, if you wish to take a closer look.
:;(Opens the Reputation menu)
----
:;(After closing the menu)
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' If you should ever have the time and the desire, we would be most grateful indeed for your help.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' If all goes well, you will not only be well compensated but your reputation in Inazuma will be enhanced.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Of course, even one such as yourself cannot become a local legend overnight. As with many things in life, you will need to start from something small and work your way up.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Specifically, this means that as your reputation builds up, the commissions you have access to will grow in complexity. Consider it a gauge of the level of trust that people here place in you.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Please give it some thought. It goes without saying that I'd be thrilled if you were willing to help out.
:'''Madarame Hyakubei:''' I will leave you to think it over.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Commission's Commission
|zhs     = 社奉行的委任
|zhs_rm  = Shèfèng-xíng de Wěirèn
|zht     = 社奉行的委任
|zht_rm  = Shèfèng-xíng de Wěirèn
|zh_tl   = The Yashiro Commission's Appointing
|ja      = 社奉行の委任
|ja_rm   = Shabugyou no Inin
|ja_tl   = The Authorization of Yashiro Commission
|ko      = 야시로 봉행의 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Yasiro Bonghaeng-ui Uiroe
|ko_tl   = The Request of Yashiro Commission
|es      = Los encargos de la Comisión
|es_tl   = The Commissions of the Commission
|fr      = La nomination de la Commission culturelle
|fr_tl   = The [[Yashiro Commission|Cultural Commission]]'s Nomination
|ru      = Поручение комиссии Ясиро
|ru_tl   = Commission of Yashiro Commission
|th      = คำขอจากสำนัก Yashiro
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ủy thác của Hiệp Hội Yashiro
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Mission der Yashiro-Verwaltung
|de_tl   = The Mission of the Yashiro Administration
|id      = Tugas Komisi
|id_tl   = Commission's Duty
|pt      = Nomeação da Comissão Yashiro
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Heyetin Görevleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'incarico della Commissione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Los encargos de la Comisión]]
[[ja:社奉行の委任]]
[[pt-br:Nomeação da Comissão Yashiro]]
[[ru:Поручение комиссии Ясиро]]