{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79022
|image         = Event Quest The Misplaced Photo.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|chapter       = The Scattered Past
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie]]
|characters    = Agafya; Paimon; Traveler; Zakhar
|startLocation = [[Broken Isle/2.8|Broken Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Broken Isle
|next          = A Misplaced Conch
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''''The Misplaced Photo''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking to the [[Mirror Maiden]] on the northeastern island of [[Broken Isle/2.8|Broken Isle]]
# Look for the photo that the Mirror Maiden lost
#* The photo can be found prior to starting this quest
# Give [[Silver Pocket Watch|the pocket watch with the photo]] back to the Mirror Maiden
# Check the direction that the Mirror Maiden left in
# Unseal the vine-covered cave entrance
# Go into the cave and speak to [[Agafya]]
# Look for traces of the other group's members
#* Approach the starting location of [[The Discarded Insignia]] if it has not been started

==Gameplay Notes==
* The four apples next to Zakhar will disappear even if they are not picked up.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet a Fatui Mirror Maiden on Broken Isle who keeps going on about losing a photo. It seems that you won't be able to communicate with her normally... But if you find some way to bring her back to her senses, perhaps you might be able to figure out why she is here.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mirror Maiden before the quest becomes available)
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' ...I have to get back... I have to get back... He's still there. But my brothers are gone, and their photo...
:{{DIcon}} (We aren't getting through to her...)
:{{DIcon}} (Let's leave her alone for now...)

<!-- Only possible before Xinyan's mirage becomes active. -->
;(Talk to Hydrogunner Legionnaire before the quest becomes available)
:'''Hydrogunner Legionnaire:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Hey!
:'''Hydrogunner Legionnaire:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (This is strange...)
:{{DIcon}} (No response...)

;(Talk to the Mirror Maiden)
;(If the player has not yet awakened the Electrohammer Vanguard in [[The Discarded Insignia]])
::'''Paimon:''' Why are the [[Fatui]] here? This Mirror Maiden...
::'''Paimon:''' They're not up to something again, are they?
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' ...I have to get back... I have to get back... He's still there. But my brothers are gone, and their photo...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, who are you? What are you doing over here?
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' The photo of my brothers... I can't go back if I lose it...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, you! Fatui person over there!
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' No, I can't leave him behind... Mustn't leave him alone...
::{{DIcon}} She seems unwell...
::{{DIcon}} We aren't getting through to her...
::'''Paimon:''' Honestly though, Paimon's still wondering how this Mirror Maiden is here in the first place...
::'''Paimon:''' Why don't we find a way to wake her up, (Traveler)? Then we can ask her what the Fatui scattered outside are up to?
::{{DIcon}} We can't just leave her in this state...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah... That Fatuus might be a bit of a weirdo, but Paimon doesn't think it's a good idea to leave her alone.
::'''Paimon:''' But how in the world did she end up like this...
::{{DIcon}} It must've been that machine's fault...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh right, the machine affected everyone on the island... But it has been shut down...
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' The photo of myself and my brothers... I can't go back if I can't find it. But he's still there, waiting for me, all alone...
;(If the player has awakened the Electrohammer Vanguard in [[The Discarded Insignia]])
::'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), there's something fishy about the Mirror Maiden...
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' ...I have to get back... I have to get back... He's still there. But my brothers are gone, and their photo...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, Fatuus...
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' The photo of my brothers... I can't go back if I lose it...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, you! Fatui person over there!
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' No, I can't leave him behind... Mustn't leave him alone...
::{{DIcon}} She seems unwell...
::{{DIcon}} We aren't getting through to her...
::'''Paimon:''' Now, pardon me, but I think we've seen this scene before...
::{{DIcon}} The Fatuus we met earlier...
::'''Paimon:''' Right. When we met [[Chevka]] earlier, he was muttering about some "insignia" thing, and he came to his senses after we gave the insignia to him.
::'''Paimon:''' The Fatui are doing experiments here that even affect their own people. Well, Paimon calls this "getting a taste of their own medicine"!
::{{DIcon}} That's right!
::'''Paimon:''' So... This Mirror Maiden could be a member of Chevka's squad, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Should we try to find something and get her to regain her senses?
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' The photo of myself and my brothers... I can't go back if I can't find it. But he's still there, waiting for me, all alone...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now... (Traveler), let's find that photo that's so dear to her. Maybe that'll help her recover her wits!

;(Talk to the Mirror Maiden before obtaining the [[Silver Pocket Watch]])
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' The photo of my brothers... I can't go back if I lose it...
:{{DIcon}} (Looks like we still can't talk to her...)

;(Talk to the Mirror Maiden after obtaining the [[Silver Pocket Watch]])
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, we picked up a pocket watch with a group photo inside it on the island. Could the photo be the one?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Show her the pocket watch.

:'''The Fatuus' clarity returns upon obtaining the pocket watch...'''

:'''Mirror Maiden:''' This... Ah, this is mine. There's a photo of me and my brothers inside...
;(Show Silver Pocket Watch)
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' It's so great to have it back. Where did I lose it? ... Agh! My head... hurts...
:'''Paimon:''' We found it beside the hilichurl camp!
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' Thank you, thank you so much...
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' No, wait! You're the blond young {{MC|man|woman|mc=1}} and {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} flying companion, whom we saw in that internal communique!
:'''Paimon:''' That's "Paimon" to you! But you know what? We might as well change Paimon's name to "flying companion" if this keeps happening...
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' What have you done to me? My...There's a gap in my memories. You didn't perform some weird experiment on me, did you!?
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' We may be on opposing sides... But there must still be limits to one's conduct, surely!?
:'''Paimon:''' You guys are the ones doing the strange experiments here!
:'''Paimon:''' We found the photo for you, you know? Is this how you're gonna pay us back?
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' I see... But since I came to my senses, it means that Researcher [[Persikov]]'s experiment has failed.
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' You've probably guessed the reason for the failure... Well, but from where we stand, we're still enemies. Bringing that photo back to me... Has anyone told you that you're too nice to your foes?
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' The logical thing to do would've been to take the enemy's valuable possessions. For example, you should have snatched my group photo from the pocket watch and used it to wring some intel out of me.
:'''Paimon:''' Are you seriously lecturing us now...
:{{DIcon}} That would've been inhumane.
::'''Mirror Maiden:''' ...Indeed. And that's what they taught us after we joined the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} Good idea. We should try that next time.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! We shouldn't be learning from them!
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! What are you guys up to here, huh? Spill the beans!
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' I... We... ugh, we came to this island and... Right! Yes, [[Zakhar]]!
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' He's still there alone. I need to get to him!

:'''Having seemingly remembered something, the Fatuus, now clear of mind, departs.'''

:'''Paimon:''' What the... They ran off so quickly! C'mon (Traveler), we gotta catch up to them!
----
;(Talk to the Mirror Maiden on the vine)
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' Zakhar! Zakhar! Can you hear me?
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' What happened here? There was a cave here when we first arrived. And what's with the thorns...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, you can thank your Mirage experiments, or whatever that was.
:'''Paimon:''' There are similar thorns all over the island, but with the help of a certain method...
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' You mean fire? You're not trying to set the thorns on fire, are you? Someone's still inside!
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' To be fair, I've heard that the two of you are extremely dangerous and that we might be attacked even while en route to work.
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' But are you seriously going to burn someone alive? Not even the cruelest Fatui Agent would do that.
:'''Paimon:''' Of course not. Anyway, burning these thorns with fire won't do us any good...
:'''Paimon:''' We have a way to clear the thorns without hurting people inside.
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' Seriously? You can't be that good, can you? I don't believe it.
:'''Paimon:''' What? Bah! C'mon, (Traveler), let's show her how the pros do it!
:{{DIcon}} Don't be so gullible, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} She was just provoking you.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You did that on purpose!
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' Ah, so you saw right through me. What a pity.
:'''Paimon:''' Grr, you sneaky Fatuus! We almost fell for your trick!
:{{DIcon}} Correction, *you* almost did.
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... So, uh, anyway, here's the deal. We'll save the person in there, but in return, you'll have to give us some intel.
:'''Paimon:''' That's how you wring intel out of the enemy, right? By threatening something precious to them?
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' Whoa, that's inhumane.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, that does seem kinda inhumane.
:'''Paimon:''' Are you agreeing with her? Whose side are you on!?
:'''Mirror Maiden:''' Anyway, you want intel? Here's some intel. [[Agafya]]. My name's Agafya. That's all I can tell you for now.
:'''Paimon:''' Just a name!?
:'''Agafya:''' If I do tell you something important, you could make a scary face, say something like "you've outlived your usefulness," and then take me out...
:'''Agafya:''' Our instructor said that there are many such incidents every year, and so we are not to reveal any sensitive information.
:'''Paimon:''' We wouldn't do that! And that's a very weird thing for your instructor to say...
:'''Agafya:''' Is it? I think that's pretty normal. Anyway, I'm here, all alone, and you can take me out pretty easily. I can't get away.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Honestly, this really doesn't feel like a fair trade. Still, (Traveler), let's clear the thorns away first.

;(Talk to Agafya)
:'''Agafya:''' Ah, Zakhar... I hope you're safe and sound... What is it? You haven't cleared the thorns yet?
:{{DIcon}} What exactly are you up to here?
::'''Agafya:''' We're just running errands here. That's all I can tell you.
:{{DIcon}} Who's Zakhar?
::'''Agafya:''' Zakhar is my teammate. He's not feeling well...
::'''Agafya:''' I wonder if something happened to him...
:{{DIcon}} About the photo inside the pocket watch...
::'''Agafya:''' That has nothing to do with the Fatui, and there's nothing there that you'd find interesting, either. I'm grateful that you helped me find the pocket watch, but I can't tell you about it...
:{{DIcon}} See you...

----
;(Use the Melodic Harp)

:'''Agafya walks into the cavern that was originally sealed by thorns...'''

;(Approach Agafya and Zakhar)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, that's odd. We've got four apples over here on the ground...

;(Talk to Agafya or Zakhar)
:'''Agafya:''' Zakhar! Zakhar! Are you alright?
:'''Zakhar:''' Agafya... What's going on? I was just sleeping. I feel all better now.
:'''Agafya:''' ...*sigh* It's good to see that you're alright.
:'''Zakhar:''' Hehe... Oh, Agafya, about the four fruits you gave me earlier, I didn't eat them. I was saving them for you.
:'''Agafya:''' Seriously, you didn't? I picked them for you... Just eat them if you're hungry.
:'''Zakhar:''' But things were much harder on you, weren't they? You took on the mission alone, after all. So even though I was very hungry, I held myself back!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? A lone mission? What for, Paimon wonders...
:'''Zakhar:''' Well, [[Yakov]] nearly broke the device, so...
:'''Agafya:''' Zakhar! Why are you spilling everything to these outsiders!?
:'''Zakhar:''' Uh, what? Oh, wait. You're the one on the internal communique. (Traveler) and...
:{{DIcon}} "Flying companion."
:'''Zakhar:''' Yes, this is the "flying companion"!
:'''Paimon:''' It's "Paimon"! How hard is it to remember one name?
:'''Zakhar:''' Hehe, I can be kind of scatter-brained like that. The name's Zakhar. Wait, you and us... We're enemies!
:'''Zakhar:''' Agafya, did you bring them here?
:'''Agafya:''' Yes, they rescued you from the thorns. They are nice... enemy rescuers.
:'''Zakhar:''' That's right. Soon after you left, huge thorns suddenly sprouted and sealed the cave. Wait, you were the ones who got rid of those giant thorns? Amazing!
:'''Paimon:''' You bet we did!
:'''Zakhar:''' But aren't we your enemies? Why help us?
:'''Paimon:''' That's a good question...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, she did promise that if we got you out, she'd tell us exactly what you're plotting here.
;(If the player has not yet awakened the Electrohammer Vanguard in [[The Discarded Insignia]])
::'''Zakhar:''' What? You sold us out, Agafya?
::'''Agafya:''' It's alright, Zakhar. We'll just palm them off with something like "we Fatui are hunting mysterious [[Medaka]] in these waters"... or whatnot.
::'''Paimon:''' What? Are you seriously talking openly about deceiving us? You're really underestimating us, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' Well, the thorns have been cleared out, and Zakhar is safe and sound. It's time to pay up.
::'''Zakhar:''' Don't tell them anything, Agafya!
::'''Agafya:''' *sigh* At this point... To be honest, though, we really don't know much. We were just here to conduct some tests.
::{{DIcon}} Tests?
::{{DIcon}} What tests?
::'''Agafya:''' Some sort of signal tests I guess... I don't know the details, but the other group from our squad should know.
::'''Paimon:''' That's all you got?
::'''Agafya:''' That's all I know for sure... Now then, you have our intel, so can you let us go now?
::'''Paimon:''' We didn't promise that, but you don't seem like you want to cause any trouble...
::{{DIcon}} Consider this a mercy then.
::'''Agafya:''' Well, you have our thanks. Don't know what happened to {{Color|buzzword|the guys in the other group}}, though. We planned to get back to the camp in the middle of the ocean once our mission was completed.
::'''Paimon:''' The guys in the other group?
::'''Agafya:''' Yes, the other group of two. They said they were heading to {{Color|buzzword|the two islands in the south}}. And that's some extra intel for you, free of charge. You didn't trick us into that, you hear?
::'''Paimon:''' A large island to the south... That has to be [[Minacious Isle/2.8|Minacious Isle]].
::'''Agafya:''' Alright, let's cut the chatter. We need to hurry back to our base camp...

::'''Paimon:''' Another group... and the other Fatui working with them, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' That is kinda concerning. According to her, we can find 'em near Minacious Isle, so let's start our search there...

<!-- The dialogue is slightly different from the one in A Misplaced Conch. -->
:;(Talk to Agafya at the base camp) (Optional)
::'''Agafya:''' What is it? Is there anything else? I've already told you everything I know...
::{{DIcon}} About the signal testing...
:::'''Agafya:''' Like I told you, I don't know much about it... They were probably just some simple tests, but running all over these islands was just... incredibly tiring.
::{{DIcon}} About Zakhar...
:::'''Agafya:''' Zakhar is an orphan. His parents died of illness long ago, and it is said that he led a difficult life for a long time. He then heard that the Fatui provided free meals, and decided to join them...
::{{DIcon}} About the photo...
:::'''Agafya:''' Well, that's my two brothers in the photo, both of whom have devoted their services to Snezhnaya. I've always been proud of them.
::{{DIcon}} See you...

<!-- The dialogue is not the same from the one in A Misplaced Conch. -->
:;(Talk to Zakhar at the base camp) (Optional)
::'''Zakhar:''' We are enemies, you know? We really shouldn't be chatting this much.
::'''Zakhar:''' If you talk to the enemy too much, you will become close and your heart softens, which puts you at a disadvantage in battle...
::'''Zakhar:''' That's what our instructor told us.

:;(Approach the Electrohammer Vanguard)
::'''Paimon:''' Look, there's a Fatui member over there. They look a little odd...
::'''Paimon:''' That might be a squadmate Agafya mentioned. Let's go over and have a look, shall we?
;(If the player has awakened the Electrohammer Vanguard in [[The Discarded Insignia]])
::'''Zakhar:''' Is that true? Are you selling us out, Agafya!?
::'''Agafya:''' It's alright, Zakhar. We'll just palm them off with something like "we Fatui are hunting mysterious Medaka in these waters"... or whatnot.
::'''Paimon:''' What? Are you seriously talking openly about deceiving us? You're really underestimating us, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' Well, the thorns have been cleared out, and Zakhar is safe and sound. It's time to pay up.
::'''Zakhar:''' Don't tell them anything, Agafya！
::'''Agafya:''' *sigh* At this point... To be honest, though, we really don't know much. We were just here to conduct some tests.
::{{DIcon}} Tests?
::{{DIcon}} What tests?
::'''Agafya:''' Some sort of signal tests I guess... I don't know the details, but the other group from our squad should know.
::'''Paimon:''' They did tell us a whole bunch of stuff, yeah. But is this all you got?
::'''Agafya:''' That's all I know for sure... Now then, you have our intel, so can you let us go now?
::'''Paimon:''' We didn't promise that, but you don't seem like you want to cause any trouble...
::{{DIcon}} Consider this a mercy then.
::'''Agafya:''' Well, you have our thanks. I don't know what happened to the guys in the other group. We planned to get back to the camp in the center of the sea once we'd completed our mission.
::'''Paimon:''' "Other group"? Oh, wait, you're talking about...
::{{DIcon}} She's talking about the Fatui we met earlier...
::'''Agafya:''' You've met them? Zakhar, we have to return to camp and reach the rendezvous point as soon as possible...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/MWlriHGMqic
|caption1 = The Misplaced Photo Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/OwFs8ZS0GUY
|caption2 = Quick Guide: The Misplaced Photo
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Misplaced Photo
|zhs     = 被丢失的合照
|zhs_rm  = Bèi Diūshī de Hézhào
|zht     = 被丟失的合照
|zht_rm  = Bèi Diūshī de Hézhào
|zh_tl   = The Lost Group Photo
|ja      = 失われた集合写真
|ja_rm   = Ushinawareta Shuugou Shashin{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Lost Meeting Photo
|ko      = 잃어버린 사진
|ko_rm   = Ireobeorin Sajin
|ko_tl   = The Lost Photo
|es      = La imagen perdida
|es_tl   = The Lost Image
|fr      = La photo égarée
|fr_tl   = The Misplaced Photo
|ru      = Потерянная фотография
|ru_tl   = The Lost Photo
|th      = ภาพหมู่ที่ถูกทำหาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bức Ảnh Bị Mất
|vi_tl   = Lost Photo
|de      = Das fehlplatzierte Foto
|de_tl   = The Misplaced Photo
|id      = Foto Bersama yang Terhilang
|id_tl   = The Lost Photo Together
|pt      = Uma Foto Perdida
|pt_tl   = A Lost Photo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:La imagen perdida]]
[[pt-br:Uma Foto Perdida]]