{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = The Six Faces of Wisdom
|image             = The Six Faces of Wisdom.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-13 13:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-18 03:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/105037
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230113alhaitham-mayqbr/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Alhaitham recommended six books. Let's hope Paimon can understand everything this time.}}
'''The Six Faces of Wisdom''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.4]].

==Event Duration==
* 2023/1/13 13:00 – 2023/1/18 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, select the corresponding Darshan door based on the names of the books in the reading list to receive in-game item rewards.
# There are six books on the reading list, each corresponding to the Six Darshans in Sumeru. If you fail to recall, complete the designated tasks in the event to obtain hints.
# Associate all the books with their respective Darshans respectively and share the event to obtain an event wallpaper.
Recall all the six books corresponding to the Darshans in Sumeru to obtain in-game rewards such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.
{{Card|Primogem|40|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Nagadus Emerald Fragment|3|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Mora|20,000|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2|show_caption=1}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After successfully associating all the books with their corresponding Darshans when recalling, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Six Faces of Wisdom
|zhs     = 智慧的六面
|zhs_rm  = Zhìhuì de Liù Miàn
|zht     = 智慧的六面
|zht_rm  = Zhìhuì de Liù Miàn
|zh_tl   = The Six Faces of Wisdom
|ja      = 叡智の六面
|ja_rm   = Eichi no Rokumen
|ja_tl   = The Six Faces of Wisdom
|ko      = 지혜의 여섯 모습
|ko_rm   = Jihye-ui Yeoseot Moseup
|ko_tl   = The Six Forms of Wisdom
|es      = Las seis caras de la sabiduría
|es_tl   = The Six Faces of Wisdom
|fr      = Six facettes de la sagesse
|fr_tl   = Six Aspects of Wisdom
|ru      = Шесть ликов мудрости
|ru_tl   = Six Faces of Wisdom
|th      = หกแขนงแห่งปัญญา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sáu Mặt Của Trí Tuệ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die sechs Facetten der Weisheit
|de_tl   = The Six Facet of Wisdom
|id      = Enam Sisi Kebijaksanaan
|id_tl   = Six Faces of Wisdom
|pt      = As Seis Faces da Sabedoria
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bilgeliğin Altı Yüzü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le sei facce della saggezza
|it_tl   = The Six Faces of Wisdom
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[es:Las seis caras de la sabiduría]]
[[it:Le sei facce della saggezza]]
[[ja:叡智の六面]]
[[pt-br:As Seis Faces da Sabedoria]]
[[ru:Шесть ликов мудрости]]