{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73698
|title         = The Recollector's Path
|image         = Event Quest The Recollector's Path Part 2.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Recollector's Path
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Sorush; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Vourukasha Oasis]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Realm of Farakhkert
|subarea       = Vourukasha Oasis
|prev          = The Recollector's Path (Part 1)
|next          = The Recollector's Path (Part 3)
|rewards       = Primogem*10;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
}}
'''''The Recollector's Path''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Recollector's Path]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Zurvan
# Head to the specified location and complete the trial
# Talk to Sorush

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After completing some of the training assignments recommended by Zurvan, Sorush grows closer to assuming the responsibilities of a Bloomguard...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Zurvan)
:'''Zurvan:''' It appears the first part of your training went well.
:{{DIcon}} You could say so.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Maybe it was a bit too easy for Sorush?
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't go that far.
::'''Paimon:''' Sorush isn't nearly as amazing as she says she is, so she'll have to try even harder for what comes next.
:'''Zurvan:''' Ha. Then I look forward to seeing her coming performance.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, right. About listening to Sorush tell stories, it turned out that Sorush went through a rebellious phase&mdash;
:'''Sorush:''' Speak no more of this!
:'''Paimon:''' Ah!
:'''Sorush:''' Ahem. Anyhow, I have finally s&mdash;shed that stage of my life.
:'''Sorush:''' The important thing is that I, with my Yasnapati and the Pale Floater, recalled the history following the birth of the Pari, and spoke of the familiars of the forest and their special festival.
:'''Sorush:''' The fact that we, as Pari, do not have such a celebration of our own makes me troubled. Do you not feel the same way, Elder?
:'''Sorush:''' If it were up to me, we should let humans attend the Pari Festival, and hear from them the praises they sing for the Pari. Afterward, I shall pick the best singer...
:'''Zurvan:''' To my knowledge, Festival Utsava is not a day to be so willfully and wastefully spent.
:'''Sorush:''' Uh...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon always thought Sorush's desire to get humans to record her deeds was different from the other Pari... Is this also the influence of the Order of Skeptics?
:'''Zurvan:''' That is the very reason why recalling and pondering the past is significant.
:'''Zurvan:''' Ha. Whatever happens, I look forward to seeing her coming performance.
----
;(After completing the two trials)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait! Paimon remembers this place? We've been here before.
:{{DIcon}} It does leave an impression.
::'''Paimon:''' It sure scared Paimon pretty good!
:{{DIcon}} Where are we again?
::'''Paimon:''' Sorush brought us through here while bringing us to see Zurvan, remember?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers that Sorush said this Wenut got sealed here because it was unlucky. Though, what does it have to do with Sorush's training?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Does Zurvan actually mean to say: "Haha. Behold, Sorush! Behold the fate of the unfortunate"?
:'''Sorush:''' Hm... My elder is no Pari of such idle nature!
:'''Sorush:''' ...Back to the topic. Though I did not elaborate on the Wenut in detail when we passed through here earlier, the catastrophe that caused it should be familiar to you.
:'''Paimon:''' The one that happened five hundred years ago...
:'''Sorush:''' Indeed. The Wenut must've been frozen in an instant. As it has been crystallized, its form remains in perpetuity.
:'''Sorush:''' It's as if it would start burrowing through the earth again once unsealed.
:{{DIcon}} This moment will be frozen in time...?
:'''Paimon:''' Aghh! Paimon doesn't want to end up like that!
:'''Paimon:''' You say what happened to the Wenut happened in an instant... Ah! No! No! Just thinking of it scares Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} I won't let that happen!
:'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;Yeah! Paimon won't let something so horrible happen to {{Traveler}} either.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. Then you should thank us Pari.
:'''Sorush:''' During those days of ruin, many species and races, including the Pari, gave their lives... Sometimes, even things more precious than their lives.
:'''Sorush:''' Their sacrifices are why we are spared from facing the same irrevocable fate.
:'''Sorush:''' And just so. As I was not there to witness the catastrophe, when this land faces danger once again, I must take action...
:'''Paimon:''' Then, from what you're saying, this Wenut is even older than you are, which should also make it your elder.
:'''Sorush:''' However, it will not be returning to life. It has been sealed in its crystallized state for centuries. Perhaps the only fate that awaits it is gradual dissolution.
:'''Sorush:''' With how severe the loss of life was during the catastrophe, the Wenut, like countless other unfortunate souls, were frozen at the moment that calamity struck.
:'''Sorush:''' But many more suffered even graver fates than this poor fool before us, for they had already worn away beneath the grinding passing of time itself.
:'''Sorush:''' To this day, nothing remains of them. Not memory nor memorial.
:'''Sorush:''' This one before us only lingers because of its immense size, and the fact that it has been hidden away in this cave from the glaring eye of the sun and lashing winds. Thus, the intactness of its condition.
:'''Sorush:''' However, no being on this land can overcome time. Not even remains and husks will endure. One day, there will be nothing left of it, either.
:'''Paimon:''' That sounds kinda sad... Not having any trace that shows you lived once...
:'''Sorush:''' Hm. The records left here by the humans should have something relating to the Wenut. I presume such a thing is rare for humans, no?
:'''Sorush:''' From what I heard my elder say, aside from the Order of Skeptics, there were also researchers from the forest here seeking inquiry.
:'''Sorush:''' Though some humans believe that the Setekh Wenut is the completed state of a Quicksand Eel... To hold such theories and assumptions makes one worry for the contents recorded by these humans.
:'''Paimon:''' That information's not reliable at all!
:'''Paimon:''' Think! These records are obviously false, yet you still enthusiastically found a human to serve as your "Yasnapati"...
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe before this crystal is entirely corroded, the poems and odes dedicated to you will have changed beyond our recognition.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe the Bloomguard mentioned in the odes might not be pink or cute, but instead have a rough but reliable exterior, a mild and respectful personality, and act with rationality and calmness... Hmm?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds a lot like the idealized image of a guardian.
:'''Paimon:''' But that sounds nothing like you, Sorush.
:'''Sorush:''' Absolutely not! Wait, I believe I understand what my elder desires. She must be reminding me to find a better way to record my deeds...
:'''Sorush:''' Hm. My elder does possess foresight indeed. I must offer her my deepest thanks.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't think she meant that...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=The Recollector's Path}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Jornada das Infindáveis Memórias (Parte 2)]]