{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19058
|image         = Hangout Event The Sixth Proposal.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaveh
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Pendulum of Weal and Woe
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Badawi; Kaveh; Lambad; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = 
|next          = A Refuge in the Sands
|next2         = Past Mementos
|next3         = Treasure and True Interest
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Sixth Proposal''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Pendulum of Weal and Woe}}.

==Steps==
# Walk around Sumeru City
# Go to the tavern to look for Kaveh
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You run into Kaveh on the streets of Sumeru City. He seems to be embroiled in an argument with a client...}}
===Commissioner Quarrel===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Kaveh, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19058 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' (Ugh, just my luck... Why does this happen to me?)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Badawi, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19058 badawi 01.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' (If only I didn't fall for that scam last time...)

:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 01.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' I've taken a look at your proposal. It's much better than the ones you showed me before, but I'd still like to make some changes...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Come on, not again? Isn't this the sixth proposal I've shown you? What's your issue this time?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 02.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Hmm... It's a bit hard to put into words, but the design still doesn't look quite right to me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I have to say, that's a terribly vague and unconvincing explanation. Please enlighten me &mdash; what would feel more "right" to you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 03.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Hmm, for starters, don't you think this roof is jutting out a bit too far from the top? It looks almost like the head of a fungus.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 04.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' This door, too &mdash; I don't think it needs to be nearly this large. If you could reduce it to around my height, you could use the leftover materials to construct a few more rooms&mdash;
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I... *deep breath* The roof and the door are the most fundamental parts of a building. If we were to change them, then what would be left of the design!?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Even if the soul of the building won't be lost, all traces of architectural style would be gone. Anyone with the slightest inkling of architectural knowledge would know to leave them alone!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 05.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Oh, I understand the principles of what you are saying, of course, but the truth remains that I'm still a bit unhappy with this design as-is. Is there anything else that you can do?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 06.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Ah, actually, I just got an idea. Can we get rid of all the extraneous sections on the roof, so the whole design will just be one vertical structure, similar to that of a tree trunk?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...What!?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 07.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Don't architects often say that symmetry makes everything more balanced and pleasing to the eye? This way, the proportions will be completely balanced.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I... I really don't know how you managed to come up with such a ridiculous idea. Wait, don't tell me... Someone hired you specifically to commission me and put me through the wringer? Come to think of it, though, I really don't think I've gotten on anyone's bad side recently...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Anyway, that's it, I will not be working on this commission anymore. Goodbye! Maybe you can find yourself some other genius who'll be able to satisfy your demands.
:;(Kaveh turns and walks off down the street.)
;(&minus;3 Hearts)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905801 badawi 08.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Hey, young man, please wait!... *sigh*
:;(The Traveler watches Kaveh go straight into [[Lambad's Tavern]].)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Kaveh looks like he's in a bad mood. I should go check up on him.)

;(Talk to Badawi again, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905802 badawi 01.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' *sigh*... Were my requests out of line?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tavern Heart-to-Heart===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:;(The Traveler walks in, where, straight ahead, the depressed Kaveh is laying his head on the table he's taken.)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Taking this commission was truly the worst decision ever...
:{{DIcon}} Are you all right?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm? Oh, hey, I wasn't expecting to run into you here.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Actually, while we're on that, what are you doing here at the tavern? Don't listen to anyone who says that drinking is an elegant pastime. It's no good for your health.
:{{DIcon}} I followed you here.
:{{DIcon}} I saw you arguing with someone just now...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Uh... So you saw all that, did you? Ugh, I thought I was in the clear &mdash; I made sure to double check that nobody I knew was around...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ahem... Anyway, thanks for looking out for me. Honestly, it wasn't that big of a deal. I'm used to it by now.
:;(As Kaveh continues, [[Lambad]] walks up to take his order.)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Stress is just an inescapable part of being a working adult. Boss! I'll have a glass of wine &mdash; same as last time.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Do you want something, too? I'll put it on my tab.
:{{DIcon}} I'll have a glass of juice.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 lambad 01.ogg}} '''Lambad:''' Wine and a glass of juice, coming right up.
:{{Black Screen|Kaveh chugs down his entire glass of wine...}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I know you're already keeping a secret for me, but if you could add this one to the list as well, I'd really appreciate it. Arguing with a client is not a good look for me... If word gets out, other potential clients might be afraid to work with me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' That guy, though... What was he even going on about!? All those ridiculous demands of his... he's just a blabbering fool trying to act like a know-it-all!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Kaveh seems a lot more honest after he's had some wine...)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Another glass, please, Boss! I'm not leaving today 'til someone has to carry me out!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 lambad 02.ogg}} '''Lambad:''' You've got it, sir! Haha. Gotta say though, it almost feels like you're saying that every other day now...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It really is every other day that you'd run into a client who knows nothing about construction requirements or architectural style. If this was in the past, I'd never have gone through six whole drafts trying to accommodate the client's preferences.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But perhaps getting "used" to this just means that I've grown "numb" to it. I've worked on so many projects since graduation, and none of them have been approved at the first pass...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I would spend a lot of time altering my designs, and by the time the clients were finally satisfied, all my passion and enthusiasm would be gone. It feels like I'm straying further and further from my artistic vision with every change I have to make.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I suppose, though, that just sticking to your guns and completely disregarding other people's feedback would also not be a good thing.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' All of this makes for a real paradox, one that particularly crops up in my work, too. In the end, what is the true meaning of art? Should I see it as a divine gift of inspiration from the gods, or an expression of the light of my own wisdom?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 lambad 03.ogg}} '''Lambad:''' Here's your drink. How are you already spouting nonsense after just one glass? Your tolerance is usually much better than that.
:;(Kaveh's words slightly slur as the alcohol hits his system.)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Boss, what do you think is the meaning of art?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 lambad 04.ogg}} '''Lambad:''' The meaning of art? Really, my friend, who in Sumeru understands art better than you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 lambad 05.ogg}} '''Lambad:''' Anyway, I dunno about art, but I do know that I'm interested in business, and some patrons are waiting to be served. So you'll have to excuse me for now... Just holler if you need anything.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I honestly have no idea...
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 24.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' No worries. It was just an offhand question.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 25.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's been bothering me for a while. Even when I'm awake, the question haunts me like a bad dream. I still haven't found a good answer to it... or maybe, there was never a correct answer in the first place.
:{{DIcon}} Art is something that resonates with the masses?
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yes, art shouldn't be self-indulgent entertainment saved for the elite.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Let's say that I built a house for someone. If they don't like how it looks, then no matter how brilliant it may appear to me, they won't be happy with it.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The problem is that it can be very difficult to get validated by others. I could compromise my personal standards to accommodate my clients, but often, that'd just mean creating a final product that I would struggle to look at.
:{{DIcon}} Something that embodies the creator's efforts and dedication?
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 21.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Exactly. So our thoughts on the meaning of art are rather similar.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 22.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' In Sumeru, and especially Sumeru of the past, the arts are not a popular discussion topic. Trying to talk about the arts is basically the key to killing any conversation.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 23.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's too bad that I'm not in my best form today... Otherwise, we could have talked about this for a little longer.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Kaveh still looks dejected, and even the wine didn't help his mood. How can I help cheer him up?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Hmm, maybe I should play it safe and just make a simple suggestion...)

:{{Hangout Branch|I'll help you convince the client to come to your side.|Searching for the Commissioner}}
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 26.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm? Ah, thanks for offering, but you've seen how he is... He's not going to listen to anything I say.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 27.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He understands nothing about my design, and all the suggestions he made were as if he just wanted to mock me.
::{{DIcon}} I don't think he was intentionally trying to be difficult.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 28.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Okay, it is possible that I was just jaded by my frustration.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 29.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, given I'm already on my sixth draft, I can probably push myself to make a seventh... Let's go have another talk with him. I know where we'd be able to find the guy.
::{{DIcon}} If you can convince even him to see your point of view...
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 30.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You mean... If I manage to get him to see things my way, then this project would also gain recognition from many people?
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 31.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm... you've got a point. Let's hear him out one more time, then.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 32.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Time to get going. I know where we'd be able to find the guy.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 33.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' There's no time to waste... The wine can wait until another time. I'll go take care of the bill.
::;(Go to [[A Refuge in the Sands#Searching for the Commissioner|Searching for the Commissioner]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's do something else and clear your mind.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 34.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Sounds great to me! I don't even want to think about this project anymore. But what should we do? It's probably not a good idea to just drink until I pass out here...
::{{Hangout Branch|Why did you decide to become an architect?|A Dear Memento}}
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 35.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh? Where did that come from...
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 36.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I mean, it's not like it's some kind of secret. You probably already know some bits and pieces of my past.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 37.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' My mother is also an architect. I've always adored her drawings, and when I was young, I used to sit next to her and watch her bring all kinds of buildings to life on paper. You could say my interest in architecture just naturally grew with time.
:::{{DIcon}} Would she be able to understand how you're feeling right now?
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 38.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Perhaps. In fact, I have also seen my mother argue with her clients... But she would always quickly find the motivation to return to her work.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 39.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Unfortunately, I've barely had any contact with her since she remarried and moved abroad... Even if I wanted to ask her about her ability to stay positive after an argument, it would seem rude to barge into her life again over something as trivial as that.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 40.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I did remember something else, though. When my mother left, she only carried some small personal luggage with her. She left most of the belongings in the house to me.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 41.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' At the time she even told me that it would be great if I could learn a few lessons from her life experiences, so my life and career could go a little more smoothly.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 42.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I hadn't quite come to grips with my emotions, and didn't really have it in me to go through any sentimental items, so I just packed anything with memories away in a box, and haven't reopened it since.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 43.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's been a really long time... Now that so many years have passed, maybe I have finally developed the maturity I need to face those memories without losing my mind. Yeah... I should dig it out and take a look.
:::{{DIcon}} Um... Do you think I can come with you?
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 44.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh? Ah... Sorry, I've had too much to drink and wasn't thinking clearly. You're right... I should do these kinds of things with the support of a friend.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 45.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Uh... speaking of that... I can call you a friend now, right...?
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 46.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Either way, thanks for reminding me that I can invite you to come along. Had I just gone back by myself, it would have looked like I'm deliberately trying to keep things from you.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 47.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ugh, thinking too hard about the words is giving me a headache, so I'll just give it to you straight. Ahem. Thanks to your advice, I have decided to put my current projects on pause for now, and spend some time trying to rekindle the passion for my craft.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 48.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If you want to stick around and see how this will turn out, you'll be sure to encounter some bits and pieces of my past. Do you think you'd find that too boring?
:::{{DIcon}} I don't think so.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 49.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, then let's head back together. I mean, you already know where I live...
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 50.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hah, who knew that the day would come when I, too, would have some friends over.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 51.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Let me see... I should have tidied up the place before I left the house this morning. [[Alhaitham]] shouldn't be home now, either &mdash; he's usually in the records room at this time of the day.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 52.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Anyway, there's no more time for drinks. I'll go take care of the bill.
::;(Go to [[Past Mementos#A Dear Memento|A Dear Memento]])
::{{Hangout Branch|How about looking into another career?|Educational Organization}}
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 53.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' A different career... I see, that's not a bad idea.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 54.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I think I've heard a saying somewhere before &mdash; eighty percent of a working adult's woes are due to not having enough Mora in the bank.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 55.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's just a saying, of course, but even I will admit that my life would be a lot better if I could make additional Mora.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 56.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And if I want to make Mora, I should finish that ridiculous commission... But I really can't find it in me to go back and talk to him right now.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 57.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hold on! I just remembered that I used to have a senior classmate by the name of [[Alkami]]. If memory serves me right, he's no longer taking private commissions, but he's still doing pretty well for himself.
:::{{A|vo kvcop001 1905803 kaveh 58.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Maybe I'll be able to get some advice from him... Yeah, I should get on this right away! No more wine for me today &mdash; I'll grab the bill and be on my way.
::;(Go to [[Treasure and True Interest#Educational Organization|Educational Organization]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Sixth Proposal
|zhs     = 第六版方案
|zhs_rm  = Dìliù-bǎn Fāng'àn
|zht     = 第六版設計
|zht_rm  = Dìliù-bǎn Shèjì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 修正案Ver.6
|ja_rm   = Shuuseian Ver. Roku
|ja_tl   = Amendment Proposal Ver. 6
|ko      = 여섯 번째 설계안
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La sexta propuesta
|es_tl   = The Sixth Proposal
|fr      = La 6e proposition
|fr_tl   = The 6th Proposal
|ru      = Шестая версия проекта
|ru_tl   = The Sixth Version of the Project
|th      = แบบร่างฉบับแก้ไขครั้งที่หก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phương Án Thứ Sáu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der sechste Entwurf
|de_tl   = The Sixth Proposal
|id      = Proposal Nomor Enam
|id_tl   = Proposal Number Six
|pt      = A Sexta Proposta
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Altıncı Teklif
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La sesta proposta
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[vi:Phương Án Thứ Sáu]]
[[es:La sexta propuesta]]