{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40081
|image         = Event Quest The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Fabulous Fungus Frenzy
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30
* Complete [[Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises]]
* Complete [[The Great Narukami Offering]]
|characters    = Balfour; Elchingen; Haniyyah; Layla; Kautilya; Paimon; Souka; Traveler; Yae Miko; Wafiq <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Jutta <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Najah <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Ajilenakh Dash <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Thabit <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Baron Bigfoot <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Hardy Two-Blades <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Aratani <!-- appears with Yae Miko and Souka, no voicelines -->; Bongo-Head; Kindlejoy; Twirly-Whirly; Blitzara <!-- fungi -->
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|next          = Nilotpala Cup: Debut Match
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?''''' is the first [[Event Quest]] during the [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] Event.

==Steps==
# Take a walk around [[Sumeru City]]
# Go to the Nilotpala Cup Arena
# Claim [[Wisdom Orb]]
# Go to the Fungi-catching zone
# Capture [[Fungi]]
# Go to the next Fungi-catching zone
# Capture Fungi
# Return to the Nilotpala Cup Arena
# Go to the Floral Jelly vendor
# Awaken the Fungi's potential (0/4)
# Go to the Special Training Grounds

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The people of Sumeru are gradually returning to their peaceful daily lives, but you and Paimon notice a strange sign while on your way to find new commissions...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon login or quest unlock)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Things in Sumeru have settled down now. Paimon bets people will be coming up with new and interesting ideas at this time.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about we take a walk around Sumeru City and see if anyone needs our help? Paimon has a sneaking suspicion that it just might pay off!

;(Approach the Sumeru City southeast entrance)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? There's a new bulletin board here! And it has pictures of... Fungi on it.

;(Approach the bulletin board)
::{{Black Screen|Event Notice}}
::Interested in capturing well-behaved Fungi and getting up close and personal with them?
::Want to try commanding Fungi in combat and experience the thrill of defeating powerful opponents?
::Excited about forming your very own Fungi team and facing off against other beast tamers in an action-packed battle?
::Look no further! The first ever [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament]] is about to begin! We anticipate your arrival!
::All you have to do is sign up for the Tournament and give it a go. Bountiful rewards await!
:'''Announcement Board:''' Look no further! The first ever Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament is about to begin! We anticipate your arrival!
:{{DIcon}} Training Fungi to fight each other?
:{{DIcon}} That's a very unexpected mode of entertainment...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Fungi are monsters! We can't let this go ahead! It's way too dangerous...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go check out the tournament. If it's as dangerous as it sounds, at least we'll be there to stop things from getting too out of control.

;(View the bulletin board again)
:'''Message Board:''' "The Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament has begun! Hundreds of contestants are capturing and putting together their team of formidable Fungi!"
:'''Message Board:''' "Once the preparation phase ends, the staff will confirm whether the contestants have collected four Fungi as required, and will randomly put together the preliminary round schedule."
:{{DIcon}} View "Competition Rules"...
::'''Paimon:''' Uh... There are so many clauses here! There's even a... disclaimer?
::'''Paimon:''' This is giving Paimon a headache... Paimon doesn't want to read any of this. Let's just skip it! The prize money is what's most important anyway...
::{{DIcon}} Paimon...
::{{DIcon}} Did you just speak your real thoughts out loud?
::'''Paimon:''' Ahem! What Paimon meant was, if there's anything about the Fungi. Like whether the Fungi can be shown in public or not... and stuff...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, let's see if we can find it!
::'''Message Board:''' "Competition Rewards - Top 8: Sizable amount of Mora, limited-edition Nilotpala Cup Season 1 Honorary Title, and the permission to keep the ace Fungus..."
::'''Paimon:''' A sizable amount of Mora? Wait... They didn't include the actual amount...? And what's this about the permission to keep your Ace Fungus? Do they mean we can take one home to keep as a pet?
::'''Paimon:''' Let's keep reading...
::'''Message Board:''' "Fungi Activity Rules - Rule #3: Fungi that are registered and controlled by a Wisdom Orb are allowed to move around freely in areas proximate to the arena. Beast tamers, please pay extra attention to the activity borders."
::'''Message Board:''' "Activity areas only include areas around the arena and the main roads of [[Port Ormos]]. Please do not bring your Fungi to the following public areas: [[Wikala Funduq]], shops, and restaurants."
::'''Message Board:''' "Currently, this competition is unknown to some members of the population. Panic or chaos may occur if Fungi were to appear in front of individuals who are unaware of the competition. It is recommended that everyone manage their Fungi accordingly."
::'''Message Board:''' "The [[Corps of Thirty]] will referee the competitors to ensure that all rules are followed. Competitors who violate the rules will be disqualified immediately. If the violation is considered a gross offense, further responsibilities may be pursued and punishment from the [[Akademiya]] may occur."
::'''Paimon:''' Wow... the rules are really strict! They're really serious about this. We should be careful as well!
:{{DIcon}} About the comment event...
::'''Message Board:''' "After the results of the preliminary rounds are finalized, audience members can leave a comment on this competition billboard to show their support for the competitors or to share their thoughts about Fungi!"
::'''Message Board:''' "All comments will be screened and evaluated by staff before they are posted. Please refrain from leaving comments that are over-the-top and be nice!"
:{{DIcon}} Leave.
----<!--at Port Ormos-->
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Haniyyah, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqpm001 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' (Never forget, and never forgive. I cannot allow myself to be swayed by them.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Balfour, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqpm001 balfour 01.ogg}} '''Balfour:''' (This job is unbelievably cushy, especially on this salary... I'm lucky I ended up with a boss like Elchingen!)
<!--No ASTK for Jutta, Najah, Kautilya, Elchingen-->

;(Approach the stage)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 01.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' Welcome, contestants, to the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament! I am Kautilya, a senior [[Amurta]] researcher and the organizer of today's tournament.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 02.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' I'm sure you're probably all very intrigued by the idea of fighting Fungi and excited at the prospect of our amazing prizes. But at the same time, you may well have some concerns about the safety of this tournament.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 03.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' Worry not! The Wisdom Orb we've developed exclusively for this event makes use of Amurta's most advanced "Intellectual Boost" technology. It is absolutely reliable and safe!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 04.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' So please, cast your reservations aside and enter the tournament with confidence!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 05.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' Also, it gives me great pleasure to announce that this event is sponsored by Mr. Elchingen, a renowned businessman from [[Fontaine]] who has generously provided a grand total of sixty million Mora for our prize fund!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 06.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' And if anyone is able to prove themselves capable of carrying out Mr. Elchingen's philosophy by passing the Ultimate Trial, he will be willing to give to them his entire fortune!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 07.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' The only other condition is that the winner must agree to carry on Mr. Elchingen's legacy by hosting the "Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament" in the future...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Paimon can't believe that rich guy threw sixty million Mora at this event, just like that! And, what was all that about inheriting his entire fortune if you promise to keep his beast-taming tournament going...?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, hosted by an Akademiya scholar, huh? Whoa, pretty official. Uh, might be a little inappropriate if we just barged in and tried to shut it down...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, um... Why don't we enter the tournament and see if this "Wisdom Orb" thingy actually works?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} You just want the prize money, don't you?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, that's not it! It's just... now that everything in Sumeru has finally settled down, don't you think it'd be a little unfair to Nahida if we keep picking trouble with the Akademiya?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And he sounded really confident. Paimon's curious about how this mysterious Fungi-taming device works!
:{{DIcon}} And what if it works really well?
:{{DIcon}} What will you do to the Fungi?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although they've caused us trouble in the past, the Fungi aren't just aggressive monsters, right? They're more like... wild animals with bad tempers.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since there's no longer any safety concerns, we don't need to worry. Maybe we can even try becoming friends with the Fungi! Paimon thinks that would be fun!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, if we do well in the tournament, we'll be able to earn some extra Mora. There are basically no drawbacks!
:{{DIcon}} Alright, let's see what all the fuss is about then...
:{{DIcon}} But we should stay cautious, just in case...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! That's the way we roll!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we sign up over there. C'mon, let's grab a Wisdom Orb and enter the tournament!

<!--No ASTK for Hardy Two-Blades or Ajilenakh Dash; same as before for Haniyyah (now "???") and Balfour-->
;(Approach the sign-up booth)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, looks like the people ahead of us are still signing up. Let's wait our turn.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Golden Comet {{Traveler}} and Silver Companion... So. You're competing too?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You know us? But... what's with those names? We've never heard them before...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''???:''' You're a tough duo, if the posters are to be believed. Some mercenaries who managed to escape from you painted your portraits, warning others to avoid messing with you at all costs.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon doesn't know whether to be flattered or to try and explain that we aren't as scary as the rumors suggest...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Unfortunately, the rules of this tournament state that beast tamers aren't allowed to use their weapons, or even fight each other directly. Your impeccable combat skills won't be any use to you here.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''???:''' The tournament is about capturing Fungi, training them, and commanding them in combat. There's no way of knowing whether commanding Fungi is a skill you'll be able to master in time.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true... We've never captured a Fungus before, and wouldn't know anything about how to get them to fight.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second, you don't look like a staff member. What are you lecturing us for? Who are you anyway?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 05.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' The name's Haniyyah. I used to work for the Eremites, taming grumpy [[Sumpter Beast]]s. Ended up with a reputation for being a beast tamer, so they got me involved with testing the Wisdom Orb early on.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 06.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Anyway, my name ain't worth remembering &mdash; I'm just an illiterate nobody, all I'm good for is doing odd jobs for Eremite mercs. Just think of me as another contestant.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 07.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I do have a lot of experience taming beasts, though. Want me to teach you?
:{{DIcon}} You want to team up with us?
:{{DIcon}} You want to size us up?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 08.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' You guys are worth me getting to know &mdash; as allies or opponents, 'cause either way, you can get rid of some obstacles for me in this competition. Of course, I'd prefer allies if possible.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that was blunt... but also quite honest.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's definitely better to have an expert teach us than figure everything out on our own, right? What do you think, should we take her up on her offer?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 09.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Alright then. Take this Wisdom Orb and let's go catch some Fungi at the designated area.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She gets right to the point, doesn't she?
:{{Black Screen|You follow Haniyyah to the designated Fungi-catching zone.}}
:{{A|vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' This is where you'll capture your Fungi. The Fungi in this area are highly compatible with the Wisdom Orb, and they're ideal for training and competing with.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' The Wisdom Orb can capture and store Fungi. It also serves as a controller.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I recommend giving each Fungus a code name to make commanding them easier. For example, this one next to me is Pyro-1, which means "Pyro Fungus No. 1."
:{{A|vo eqpm001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You just go off their element and then number them? Hmm, seems kinda boring to Paimon... Uhh, this Fungus looks pretty lively. Why don't we call it "Bouncy Happyshroom"?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is the best at coming up with names.
:{{DIcon}} I also have some suggestions if you're interested.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Uh... Thanks, but no thanks. I've got my own way of naming them and I'm gonna stick with it. It's simple, straightforward. It helps me with managing them.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're probably used to calling it Pyro-1 anyway... Alright, we'll stop, but wait until you hear the great names we come up with for our Fungi! You might want to reconsider then.
:;(Obtain [[Wisdom Orb]])

;(After capturing the two Fungi)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hehe, Paimon's a Fungi-naming expert! Every one of these will sound really cool when you call them out in the arena!
:{{DIcon}} The names you came up with for the second Fungus...
:{{DIcon}} All three suggestions were the same...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The round hat on this little guy's head kinda looks like a drum, don't ya think? The first thing that came to Paimon's mind when she saw it was... If you hit it on the head, it's definitely gonna go "bing bong"! Hmm... How does the name "Bongo-Head" sound?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, I think "bing bong" is optimistic.
:{{DIcon}} Probably more like a "squelch."
:{{A|vo eqpm001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But look how happy it looks! That means it likes the name. Okay then! Bongo-Head it is!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Bongo-Head's just like a little puppy... Paimon's never seen this side of a Fungus before.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From now on, we need to look out for each other, Bongo-Head!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's go catch some more Fungi and make a team for Bongo-Head!
----
;(After capturing the next two Fungi)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Great, you've now collected all four Fungi. The next step is to use the "Floral Jelly" provided by the organizers to boost your Fungi's abilities. That way, they'll be able to unleash powerful skills during combat...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe we're making progress so quickly. It's all thanks to your help, Haniyyah! Alright, let's all return to the arena now...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Look, someone's staggering along with a Fungus running circles around her... Is she being attacked?
:;(A [[Floating Anemo Fungus]] is seen circling [[Layla]])
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's collapsed! Let's go see what's happening!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 01.ogg}} '''???:''' *whimper*... I can't go on... too weak...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you hurt? How bad is it?
:{{DIcon}} Watch out!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Pyro-1, take it out!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Wait... it's not an enemy! It's my shroom buddy!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I'm j&mdash;just a little too tired to walk right now... But I still need to find three more shroom buddies to qualify for the tournament...
:{{DIcon}} "Shroom buddies"?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean... you're a contestant too?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 04.ogg}} '''???:''' I wasn't counting on running into other contestants here... Maybe this is the end of the road for me. Twirly-Whirly on its own is no match for you...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Look after Twirly-Whirly for me... take him with you to the top!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't give up! It's not like we're a bunch of Eremites trying to steal your Fungi... uh, your shroom buddies. We're better than that!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You should at least hang in there until we're in the arena, so we can compete against each other properly!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haniyyah over here is a professional beast tamer. And despite knowing that we might be her fiercest competitors, she still gave us lots of help and advice!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' ...Was that supposed to be a compliment?
:{{DIcon}} Take it as a compliment.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's really getting into this.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' State your name and mission! Golden Comet and Silver Companion shall gladly come to your aid!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 06.ogg}} '''???:''' R&mdash;Really? Then... could you please help me collect the rest of the four shroom buddies I need? Does this mean my luck is finally starting to change...?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Um... my name is Layla. I'm just a student in the [[Rtawahist]] Darshan, so I don't have any impressive titles or anything... And my goal is to, uh... to make it into the quarterfinals.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If I can make it to the quarterfinals, I'll get to take my shroom buddies home and delegate some of my physical labor to them. Of course, I'll take good care of them too.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, Paimon read that in the rules somewhere. All quarter-finalists get to take home any Fungi of their choice...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, what do you mean, "physical labor"? You're a student. Shouldn't you be busy with coursework and writing papers?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Aah, this is pretty embarrassing, but uh... so I must have some sort of congenital sleep disorder or something, 'cause I can never seem to get enough sleep, and I'm always really low on energy.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Even the smallest amount of exercise makes me... Well, you saw me just now. I get so tired, I collapse from exhaustion. So when I said "physical labor"... I just meant basic stuff like moving books around or fetching things I need from the store...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 12b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, you don't need to be embarrassed about that, it's totally normal! Paimon delegates chores to {{Traveler}} all the time.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' First she calls them "buddies," then she talks about wanting to live with them... Ridiculous. She sounds just like Elchingen.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I wonder what Haniyyah's so annoyed about?)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 05.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Well. Looks like you've mastered everything already, and moved on to helping others. I'm delighted for you.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 06.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I'll see you around. Good luck.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why is Haniyyah leaving all of a sudden?
:;(Haniyyah leaves)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We haven't thanked you or Pyro-1 yet, Haniyyah! Let's at least go get something to eat together...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' What's wrong? That beast tamer, is she... angry?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... probably not? She's pretty blunt and doesn't make a great first impression, but she's definitely not a bad person! Otherwise, why would she have helped us?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe she has something urgent to do...
:{{DIcon}} We'll see her again at the tournament...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we'll see her again, and when we do, let's give her some gifts to show her our gratitude!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In the meantime, let's follow her example by doing our best in the tournament, helping other contestants, and making sure Layla gets to compete!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thank you so much! I'll try my best to contribute, too. I don't want to be a burden to you guys.
:{{Black Screen|You help Layla find three more shroom buddies to complete her set...}}
:{{A|vo eqpm001 7 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nicely done! Now that we've put together Layla's team, she should be eligible to take part. Let's head back to the arena and confirm with them.
----
;(Approach the stage area)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see how the qualifying rounds are looking... Great! We're in a different group from Layla, so we won't have to compete against each other in the early stages of the competition!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Actually... I hope I don't have to fight you guys in the later stages, either...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Hello there, little ones.
:;(Yae Miko approaches with two people following her)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Sure enough, you're at the center of the action once again. You two truly are like the main characters in your own light novel.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' M&mdash;Miko? What are you doing here? Is Paimon hallucinating?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, this tournament was advertised far and wide, including all the way over in [[Inazuma]]. They even handed out flyers in front of [[Yae Publishing House]].
:{{Introductory Note|Yae Miko}}
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't you think a tournament like this makes a perfect candidate for light novel treatment?
:{{DIcon}} It does seem like a good place to find source material.
:{{DIcon}} There are lots of stories you could tell about this.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yae Publishing House is working on a bestseller that, if all goes to plan, will stay a bestseller for the next fifty years. The theme is "friendship and rivalry," so we decided to bring our up-and-coming author, [[Souka]] here, to gather some inspiration.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I, of course, need to ensure my writers' manuscripts are up to par. So, I will be taking part in the tournament myself to get a little taste of what it's like.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Here's my little partner in crime. Souka named it "Blitzara" &mdash; I think it's rather good. Very distinctive.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knew there'd be such a big turnout? Even Miko's here...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Souka, come say hi to the little ones. They are set to be some of the fiercest competition you face in the tournament. You should put them in your novel as major characters.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 souka 01.ogg}} '''Souka:''' Yes, Chief Editor!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 souka 02.ogg}} '''Souka:''' For the s&mdash;sake of my readership, I... w&mdash;won't back down! I'll b&mdash;b&mdash;beat... b&mdash;beat you!
:{{DIcon}} See you in the arena!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Just 'cause you're with Miko doesn't mean we'll go easy on you!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ooh, yes, more of that! Do you feel that, Souka? Declaring a challenge to your arch-enemy-in-the-making before the competition begins is a key plot device that helps build dramatic tension.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 souka 03.ogg}} '''Souka:''' I&mdash;I wouldn't say I'm feeling that, exactly! J&mdash;Just thinking about competing against [[Ei|Her Excellency]]'s [[To Traverse the Mortal Plane|Hanamizaka tour]] confidante is m&mdash;making me so nervous, I'm losing my, m&mdash;my, my m&mdash;mind...
:;(Souka trembles)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, in that case, head back to the inn and capture your nervous breakdown in writing while it's still fresh. This'll make excellent source material, too.
:;(Souka and the other person leave)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's... terrifying... but she also seems really dedicated to her craft. I hope we can be friends.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And who is this softly spoken little lady?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's our new friend, Layla. We met her while we were out capturing Fungi.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Layla's entering the tournament 'cause she wants to take her trained Fungi back home to live with her. Her goal is to make it to the quarterfinals!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Training Fungi... and then domesticating them?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' How fascinating... You must be full of secrets. There's an intriguing story to be told here, no doubt.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm [[Yae Miko]], a light novel editor &mdash; purely out of personal interest, and right now, what I'm most interested in is you... Nice to meet you. The pleasure is all mine.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Uhh... I have no idea how to respond to that...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Traveler, Paimon, I really appreciate all your help!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But, I wanna get to know my four shroom buddies a little better and prepare for the qualifiers, so... I'll go do some training now!
:;(Layla runs off)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't push yourself too hard, Layla! You'll end up collapsing from exhaustion again!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, what are you doing, scaring our new friend off like that!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Am I really so terrifying? Well then, I'll simply have to talk to her again another time to clear things up...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But that can wait... Judging from your expression, it seems like you have something you want to say to me, little one.
:{{DIcon}} What are you really doing in Sumeru?
:{{DIcon}} What's going on behind the scenes of this tournament?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm comforted to know that you didn't lose your heads amidst the hype, and you're not just in this to have some fun. Unfortunately though... it appears that we're about to be interrupted.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 kautlia 01.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' Guuji Yae! What an honor to finally meet you! We're so privileged that our tournament is your first destination in Sumeru!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Isn't that the organizer? And that super-rich businessman is here too...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Goodness, I presume that the tournament is proceeding very smoothly indeed? Otherwise, how would the host and sponsor themselves have the time to spare to chat with contestants one on one?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 kautlia 02.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' How you jest, Guuji Yae! Those such as your esteemed self deserve nothing short of the most lavish reception Sumeru has to offer.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 kautlia 03.ogg}} '''Kautilya:''' I see you've already had the chance to try out the Wisdom Orb? What are your thoughts on the future prospects of this technology? You know, with your blessing, it can be introduced into Inazuma, allowing you to swiftly resolve the situation of&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ahem... Right now, I am nothing but an ordinary editor-in-chief. I'm here to enjoy my vacation and gather some inspiration along the way, and if I can at all help it, I'd rather not concern myself with such weighty topics as the future fate of nascent technologies...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 01.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Don't be so pushy, Mr. Kautilya. Droning on about the Akademiya's business ambitions is hardly respectful to our honored guest who has traveled all the way from the Land of Thunder to be here.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 02.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Not to mention that Guuji Yae is busy catching up with her friends. I daresay it was both unnecessary and discourteous to interrupt their conversation like this.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' A most pertinent remonstration coming from you, Mr. Elchingen. You do conduct yourself in such an unobtrusive manner... much as you have in your entire career, quietly amassing an enormous fortune while remaining almost entirely unknown...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 03.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Why, to hear such high praise from the great Guuji Yae is more prestige than I could ever hope for. Please, should you require anything at all, do not hesitate to seek my assistance. I will do everything within my ability to make your stay in Sumeru an enjoyable one.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 04.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Also... To have the renowned Traveler here at the tournament is an unexpected delight. I'm very much looking forward to seeing you in action.
:{{DIcon}} Um... Thank you...?
:;(Kautilya and Elchingen bow and leave)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, they're here to do business with you, right? Should you really be turning them away like this? Especially the rich guy? Paimon thinks working with him could have a lot of advantages for Yae Publishing House...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Promoting an entirely new event throughout all of Teyvat so rapidly would be an impossible feat for any ordinary businessman. I, for one, do not wish for Yae Publishing House to be the subordinate partner in a business relationship with him.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Besides, the tournament has only just begun. Who knows whether it will go on to be a success? I want to focus on trying to enjoy myself, while keeping one eye open for potential liabilities.
:{{DIcon}} Potential liabilities...
:{{DIcon}} So you've noticed.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Fungi may look adorable, but they carry potent elemental energy inside their bodies. Letting one's guard down around these creatures would be an unwise move, don't you think?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it wasn't just us! Yeah, we started out with some safety concerns about this event, but the Wisdom Orb seems pretty amazing!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At least, all the Fungi we used it on have been very well-behaved, like our Bongo-Head here. Seems we don't need to be too nervous after all.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, Paimon, you're just as carefree and enthusiastic as ever. Well, it's about time for me to get into character. As a contestant, I need to go and get ready for the tournament...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' See you in the qualifiers. Blitzara, say goodbye to our friends.
:;(Blitzara jumps several times, then leaves with Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Coming here was a great idea! Look at us, making new friends, bumping into Miko... This competition is shaping up to be a whole lot of fun!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 8 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, let's go get some Floral Jelly for Bongo-Head's training, like Haniyyah suggested!
----
;(Talk to Balfour)<!--no ASTK-->
:{{A|vo eqpm001 9 balfour 01.ogg}} '''Balfour:''' Ah, the champions-to-be, here at long last! Come on now, use the Floral Jelly and awaken your Fungi's true potential!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Champions-to-be? Hehe, thanks for the compliment! So you've heard about us too?
:{{A|vo eqpm001 9 balfour 02.ogg}} '''Balfour:''' Of course, I was standing right next to you when you collected your Wisdom Orb. I couldn't find a convenient opportunity to introduce myself, as Haniyyah was busy explaining the tournament to you...
:{{A|vo eqpm001 9 balfour 03.ogg}} '''Balfour:''' With an expert mentor like Haniyyah, I'm sure you'll become excellent beast-tamers in no time!
:{{A|vo eqpm001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If even the staff are singing her praises, Haniyyah must really know what she's doing! Well, all the more reason to give it our all!

;(After enhancing all four Fungi)
:{{A|vo eqpm001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bongo-Head and buddies should be able to fight at full power now.
:{{A|vo eqpm001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We still have some time before the qualifiers start. Maybe we should spend some more time training our Fungi!

;(Approach the Special Training Grounds)
:;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?
|zhs     = 前所未闻的奇妙比赛？
|zhs_rm  = Qiánsuǒwèiwén de Qímiào Bǐsài?
|zht     = 前所未聞的奇妙比賽？
|zht_rm  = Qiánsuǒwèiwén de Qímiào Bǐsài?
|zh_tl   = A Marvelous Contest Yet to Be Heard Of?
|ja      = 前代未聞のおかしなバトル？
|ja_rm   = Zendaimimon no Okashina Batoru?
|ja_tl   = An Odd Battle Yet to Be Heard Of?
|ko      = 전대미문의 신기한 대회?
|ko_rm   = Jeondaemimun-ui Sin'gihan Daehoe?
|ko_tl   = Unprecedented Mysterious Tournament?
|es      = El torneo más fungolero jamás visto
|es_tl   = The Most Fungusy Tournament Ever Seen
|fr      = La compétition la plus fantastique dont vous n'avez jamais entendu parler ?
|fr_tl   = The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?
|ru      = Странное новое соревнование?
|ru_tl   = Strange New Competition?
|th      = การแข่งขันสุดอัศจรรย์พันลึกที่ไม่เคยมีมาก่อน?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cuộc Thi Kỳ Diệu Chưa Từng Có?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Beispielloser und wunderbarer Wettbewerb?
|de_tl   = Unprecedented and Marvellous Competition?
|id      = Kompetisi Menakjubkan yang Belum Pernah Kamu Dengar?
|id_tl   = Amazing Competition You've Never Heard Of?
|pt      = O Torneio Fantástico Nunca Antes Visto
|pt_tl   = The Fantastic Tournament Never Ever Seen Before
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:El torneo más fungolero jamás visto]]
[[id:Kompetisi Menakjubkan yang Belum Pernah Kamu Dengar?]]
[[pt-br:O Torneio Fantástico Nunca Antes Visto]]
[[ru:Странное новое соревнование?]]