{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies.png
|quality   = 4
|region_lore = Unknown
|region_location = Mondstadt
|volumes   = 7
|vol1      = Automatically obtained during {{Quest|Lost Book}}
|vol2      = ''Unknown''
|vol3      = ''Unknown''
|vol4      = ''Unknown''
|vol5      = ''Unknown''
|vol6      = ''Unknown''
|vol7      = ''Unknown''
}}
'''The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies''' is a [[Book Collection]].

The [[Abyss Order]] attempts to steal Vol. 1 due to a "secret" hidden within it during {{Quest|Lost Book}}. While the nature of this secret is never hinted at during the quest, it likely relates to [[Teyvat]]'s history.<ref group="Note">A similar situation occurs with the book [[Before Sun and Moon]], which contains an account of the world's history starting with the [[Heavenly Principles]]' arrival. Abyss Order member [[Enjou]] tries and fails to find it during the {{Quest|The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent}}, while [[Khaenri'ah]]'s attempt to steal it some two thousand years prior was foiled.</ref>

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This is part one, which tells the story of the Land of Night and the Moonlight Forest.}}

In the distant past, the Night Mother ruled over the faraway Land of Night. Here, no light touched the earth, nor did a single tree grow, and there was no life here but the horrendous denizens of the dark.<br>
The Night Mother was the source of all sins, and the Land of Night was the embodiment of her evilness. The cruel Night Mother, who had neither heart nor mouth, was always watching the Land of Night, and her punishments were always unexpected. The only thing she could not bear was the occasional ray of moonlight that made it through the clouds. The light that penetrated the walls of darkness always irritated her.<br>
The Moonlight Forest was the only place free from the rule of the Night Mother. Only there could the people bask in the bright moonlight and enjoy the grace it brought to the living. Everyone in the Kingdom of the Moonlight Forest was born with fair skin, light-colored hair, and bright blue eyes. Perhaps the constant lack of sunlight and the nourishment of the moonlight was the reason for their beauty, giving them an appearance different from the abhorrent creatures lurking at the edge of the forest.

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This installment tells of the meeting of the Pale Princess and the Light Prince.}}

==Vol. 3==
{{Description|A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This installment tells of the Pale Princess and the Light Prince's decision to save the Moonlight Forest.}}

==Vol. 4==
{{Description|A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. Installment four describes the meeting between the Pale Princess, the Light Prince, and the Six Pygmies.}}

==Vol. 5==
{{Description|A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. In this installment, the Six Pygmies' sinister scheme starts to unfold.}}

==Vol. 6==
{{Description|A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This installment tells of how the Six Pygmies managed to implement their nefarious plot.}}

==Vol. 7==
{{Description|A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. The final installment brings everything to a conclusion, and includes the Night Mother's prophecy.}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
*The title, "The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies," is a play on the German fairy tale {{W|Snow White|"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"}} by the {{W|Brothers Grimm}}. 
*Vol. 1 is one of the few books in the game directly obtained during a quest, rather than being discovered in the open world or purchased from a vendor.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies
|zhs      = 白之公主与六侏儒
|zhs_rm   = Bái zhī Gōngzhǔ yǔ Liù Zhūrú
|zht      = 白之公主與六侏儒
|zht_rm   = Bái zhī Gōngzhǔ yǔ Liù Zhūrú
|zh_tl    = White Princess and Six Dwarves
|ja       = 白姫と六人の小人
|ja_rm    = Shirahime to Rokujin no Kobito
|ja_tl    = White Princess and Six Dwarves
|ko       = 하얀 공주와 여섯 난쟁이
|ko_rm    = Hayan Gongju-wa Yeoseot Nanjaeng'i
|ko_tl    = White Princess and the Six Dwarves
|es       = La Princesa de las Nieves y los seis enanos
|es_tl    = The Princess of the Snows and the Six Dwarves
|fr       = Princesse Neige et les Six Nains
|fr_tl    = Princess {{tt|Snow|Her name}} and the Six Dwarves
|ru       = Снежная принцесса и шесть карликов
|ru_tl    = The Snow Princess and the Six Dwarves
|th       = เจ้าหญิงหิมะกับคนแคระทั้งหก
|th_rm    = Chaoying hima kap khonkhrae thanghok
|th_tl    = The Snow Princess and the Six Dwarves
|vi       = Công Chúa Trắng và 6 Chú Lùn
|vi_tl    = The White Princess and 6 Dwarves
|de       = Schneemädchen und die sechs Winzlinge
|de_tl    = Snow Maiden and the Six Tiny Ones
|id       = Putri Putih dan Enam Kurcaci
|id_tl    = The White Princess and the Six Dwarves
|pt       = A Branca de Neve e os 6 Anões
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Soluk Prenses ve Altı Cüceler
|tr_tl    = Pale Princess and the Six Dwarves
|it       = La principessa delle nevi e i sei nani
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Unknown}}

[[es:La Princesa de las Nieves y los seis enanos]]
[[fr:Princesse Neige et les Six Nains]]
[[id:Putri Putih dan Enam Kurcaci]]
[[it:La principessa delle nevi e i sei nani]]
[[ja:白姫と六人の小人]]
[[pt-br:A Branca de Neve e os 6 Anões]]
[[ru:Снежная принцесса и шесть карликов]]
[[th:เจ้าหญิงหิมะกับคนแคระทั้งหก]]
[[vi:Công Chúa Trắng và 6 Chú Lùn]]