{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19034
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Chongyun
|actNum        = I
|act           = Signs of Evil
|description   = You and [[Chongyun]] successfully enter the [[Test of Courage]], but as you track the evil spirits, Chongyun suddenly experiences a rush of unstable yang energy and must rest. But it would be a shame to leave without having found any evil spirits. And so you forge on alone, leaving Chongyun behind to rest.
|prev          = Test of Courage
|startLocation = [[Wuwang Hill]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Chongyun; Traveler; Zhouliang
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Bottom of Things''' is a quest in the second branch of [[Chongyun]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Signs of Evil]].

==Steps==
# Look for signs of evil spirits alone
#Tell Chongyun the truth

==Notes==
* This is the final quest of this route.
** Gives the Memory "Nothing Gained"

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
===No Wasted Effort===
;(Approach Zhouliang)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 01.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' Ugh... I'm beat. Finally, I can take a break.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 02.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' *sigh* I wonder if I took things a little too far... A few people seemed scared out of their minds.
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 03.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' Huh? Hey, you shouldn't be here!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 04.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' *sigh* Never mind. I assume you overheard me anyway.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 05.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' I work here pretending to be a ghost, but now's my break time, so I took off my costume. I get all hot and stuffy wearing that thing...
:{{DIcon}} So there are no real ghosts here?
:{{DIcon}} It's all planned to scare people. right?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 06.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' Of course, how could there be real ghosts here?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 07.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' No one wants to see a real ghost, neither us nor the participants.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 08.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' They just come here for the atmosphere, or should I say, the chance... Everyone wants the chance to feel the thrill of excitement.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 09.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' When people find themselves in a scary situation, they'll say things that they'd never dare to otherwise. That's what the Test of Courage is all about.
:{{DIcon}} I think I understand.
:{{DIcon}} (Chongyun will be very disappointed.)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903101 zhouliang 10.ogg}} '''Zhouliang:''' *sigh* Okay... I should get back to work now. Hope you and... whoever you're here with have a fun time.

===Nothing Going Bump After All...===
;(Talk to Chongyun)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You're back! So how did it go? Did you see an evil spirit...?
:{{DIcon}} No, I only saw an [[Zhouliang|event staff member]] pretending to be a ghost.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Huh...? So that's what's going on here!?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No evil spirits...? No danger...? It's all just a setup...?
:{{DIcon}} It's just for entertainment, you took it way too seriously.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, but that seems to be the truth.
:{{DIcon}} That's all there is to the [[Test of Courage]].
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I&mdash;I see... it seems I've been tricked again.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh oh, I'm starting to feel more and more... uncomfortable.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Now that everything's settled here... let's head back to Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But could you... help me walk back?
:{{DIcon}} You don't look so good.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It's fine... I'll be okay...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1903109 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, really... I'm fine...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Nothing Gained===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Nothing Gained
|character       = Chongyun
|act             = 1
|description     = There will always be those days when nothing goes to plan.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Bottom of Things
|zhs     = 刨根问底
|zhs_rm  = Páo Gēn Wèn Dǐ
|zht     = 刨根問底
|zht_rm  = Páo Gēn Wèn Dǐ
|zh_tl   = To Get to the Bottom of Things
|zh_note = An idiom that literally means "to dig up roots and inquire at the base."
|ja      = 根掘り葉掘り
|ja_rm   = Nehori-Hahori
|ja_tl   = Inquisitively
|ko      = 추궁
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El quid de la cuestión
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Juste pour être sûrs
|fr_tl   = Just to Be Sure
|ru      = Первопричина
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ล้วงข้อมูลเชิงลึก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tra Rõ Nguồn Gốc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Grund aller Dinge
|de_tl   = The Reason of all Things
|id      = Ada Asap, Ada Api
|id_tl   = There is No Smoke Without Fire
|pt      = O Fundo da Questão
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}