{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19039
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Shikanoin Heizou
|actNum        = I
|act           = Trap 'Em by Storm
|startLocation = [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Watatsumi Island
|requirement   = 
|prev          = The Missing Person
|next          = 
|characters    = Gorou; Masashi; Nanao; Paimon; Shibata; Shikanoin Heizou; Todoroki; Tokuda; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Missing Thing''' is a quest in [[Shikanoin Heizou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[Trap 'Em by Storm]].

==Steps==
# Investigate the goods at the camp (0/2)
# Talk to [[Heizou]]
# Go to [[Sangonomiya Shrine]]
# Talk to [[Shibata]]
# Go to a nearby location and talk to Heizou
# Wait until night (20:00 – 24:00)
# Head to [[Bourou Village]]
# Follow [[Todoroki]] and [[Tokuda]]
# Listen in on Todoroki and Tokuda's conversation
# Investigate the goods (0/3)
# Talk to Heizou
# Go with Heizou to where the inmates are imprisoned
# Talk to the inmates
# Wait until the following day (08:00 – 12:00)
# Question Todoroki
# Go to a nearby location and talk to Heizou

==Gameplay Notes==
* The ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[Sangonomiya Supplications]]'' is granted upon talking to Gorou after questioning Todoroki. Talking to Gorou is optional so the quest can be completed without earning this achievement.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It turns out that the missing young detective was investigating a mysterious case on Watatsumi Island. According to him, something vital is missing on this island. What could it be?}}
===The Camp's Secret===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Heizou before investigating the goods)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903904 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, have you found anything?
:{{DIcon}} I'm about to start looking.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903904 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Good, better get a move on. I've already noticed a few things of interest. Let's meet back here later.

;(Investigate the Sango Pearl)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! What's this shiny thing? Oh! It's a [[Sango Pearl]]!

;(Investigate the Crystal Marrow)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903906 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, isn't this [[Crystal Marrow]]?

;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, have you found anything?
:{{DIcon}} We found a bunch of Crystal Marrow and Sango Pearls.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yes, I've found pretty much the same, and there really are a lot.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't these all super expensive? Ohh, these must be the valuable things that went missing from the island! That's it, the Nobushi must've stolen them all!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha... I don't know if I'd go THAT far. The Nobushi would be very hard-pressed to find many opportunities to get their hands on commodities like these.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean? Did the Nobushi gather all this themselves?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' No, that's unlikely. Crystal Marrow is a rare material for crafting weapons and Sango Pearls are an even more precious commodity.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Here's what I think. Due to [[Holy Soil|Watatsumi's poor soil]], the island's economy is quite fragile and heavily reliant on the trade of these special resources.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, it's absolutely vital that they keep them under lock and key and well out of the Nobushi's reach. Which means, they got lucky with a huge batch like this... my guess is they ambushed a caravan.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' If we go ask around at the [[Sangonomiya Shrine]], we can find out if there have been any recent instances of caravans being plundered...
:{{DIcon}} I know someone at the shrine. Follow me.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Perfect, I knew you'd be a huge help.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903905 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, well duh! The Traveler is Paimon's companion, after all.

----

;(Go to Sangonomiya Shrine and talk to Shibata)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 01.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Captain! I see you've found the detective.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Watatsumi Island sure is a beautiful place! I don't think I could ever leave.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 02.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Haha, you can stay as long as you like, granted you don't cause any trouble, that is. Her Excellency has stated that all friendly visitors are welcome.
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to know whether any merchants or caravans have recently reported incidents of stolen goods.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 03.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Incidents of stolen goods? Not that I'm aware of... [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Her Excellency]] has recently launched several measures to boost the economy, including the development of trade routes and establishing our own caravans.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 04.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Troops have also been deployed to protect them, so it is only reasonable to assume that the current trade routes are already very safe. Any looting or theft would be practically unthinkable.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's strange... then where did the Nobushi get those goods from?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 05.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Huh? You mean you found goods of unknown origin?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, and it's all Sango Pearls and Crystal Marrow, so we know it's local!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 06.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Could there really have been a theft that hasn't been reported? That shouldn't be the case... Well, perhaps you could go ask [[Todoroki]].
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 07.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' He's responsible for the caravans and is usually in the village at night preparing the goods. If something has happened, he should know about it.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Great, thank you for all the info. (Traveler), let's go.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hey, (Traveler)! It's been a while, I've missed you. Why didn't you inform me that you'd be coming over today?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 08.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Ah, [[Gorou|General Gorou]]!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You're dismissed, Shibata. You may go about your other duties while I catch up with the Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 shibata 09.ogg}} '''Shibata:''' Yes, General Gorou!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I overheard you discussing a case of stolen goods, is that right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! We found a lot of Watatsumi's valuable products in a Nobushi camp!

:'''You give the items you found at the Nobushi camp to Gorou.'''

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I see, so you've come to ask if we know of any relevant cases, well...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' *sigh* I'm ashamed to say that... yes, the caravans have been plundered, and not just once, I'm afraid.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We had already dispatched additional forces to protect the caravans, yet the crooks still managed to get away with the goods...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And you're concerned that if this kind of news were to get out, it would undermine the confidence of other caravans, so you didn't make it public and instead kept the news to only a select few.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That's correct. I never expected you to be so concerned about Watatsumi's affairs, Detective Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe. Just a force of habit, really. As a detective, I notice these kinds of things.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you two already know each other?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Actually, I've only heard of Detective Heizou from the soldiers' reports. We've never met in person.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ah, darn it, you're right! Now that you mention it, I've been on Watatsumi Island all this time and still haven't properly introduced myself! Man alive, please forgive me!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's a pleasure to meet you, General Gorou. I'm Shikanoin Heizou of the [[Tenryou Commission]].
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes, it's a pleasure to meet you, too. I'd like to express my gratitude to you for stepping in and helping recover those goods.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Don't mention it. You never know what you'll find when you're out for a stroll.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But, if the source of the problem is not addressed, I'm afraid this sort of situation will continue cropping up for you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes, of course. Not only have we reassured the affected caravans, but we also dispatched personnel to investigate the culprits.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Their reports indicated that the stolen goods were being delivered to a merchant of the [[International Trade Association]] named Godot.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It all seems pretty unusual. We suspect that there are bigger players behind Godot, and that their target is none other than Watatsumi Island's valuable resources.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But unfortunately, it would be difficult for us to investigate further, given that...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Given that [[Ritou]], the island where the International Trade Association is located, is not part of your territory. Yes, they have cleverly picked their base of operations.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I can see you catch on quickly, Detective Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe. It's my guess that you're telling us this because you're going to ask us to assist you in finding who's behind all this, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Haha, you're always thinking one step ahead. Yes, those were exactly my intentions... and of course, we will prepare a generous reward for you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' With the recent end of the war, trade and commerce have now become an important component of Watatsumi Island's development. Ensuring safety of the trade routes is critical, and we can't afford any further incidents.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So will you please help Watatsumi Island, Detective Heizou, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 12b.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm willing to assist, but it all depends on what (Traveler) wishes.
:{{DIcon}} As the captain of Swordfish II, it's my duty to help Watatsumi.
:{{DIcon}} Gorou is a good friend, we should do this for him regardless of the rewards.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 18.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Great! With both Detective Heizou and the Traveler on the case, I'm sure it'll be solved in no time.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 19.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The situation is now in your capable hands. I look forward to hearing your report when you get back.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, we'll take care of it. (Traveler), let's go discuss where to head from here.
{{Dialogue end}}
===A Time for Whispers===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Gorou again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903907 gorou 20.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' (Traveler), exercise caution when traveling to Ritou. If you come across any unexpected dangers, retreat first. Your safety is the priority. You must approach this issue with a long-term strategy in mind.

;(Go to a nearby location and talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Why are we talking way over here? You're not trying to get away from Gorou so he can't overhear us, are you?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Very perceptive. Seems even Paimon has her moments.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let me ask you, do you believe in intuition?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Intuition? Where are you going with this?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' My intuition tells me that General Gorou is lying.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? How could you say that! Although he did seem a little on the serious side today... But Gorou's a good guy!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Good people can be deceptive, too. After all, everyone has their secrets.
:{{DIcon}} What makes you say that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, in my opinion, the timing of his appearance was a little too coincidental.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sangonomiya's soldiers have been keeping an eye on me for the entire time I've been on Watatsumi Island, yet I had never seen General Gorou even once.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But today he came out and met with us, and even commissioned us to investigate a case.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe that's because (Traveler) is here today, and Gorou thinks {{MC|he's|she's|mc=1}} more capable.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Really? Then that makes things even more peculiar. If there are powerful players behind this case, and he needs to draw upon external support, then he should have taken action sooner rather than wait until today.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' A more plausible explanation is that the items we discovered are linked with some unspeakable secret, and he had to intervene to prevent us from digging any deeper.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Then he put up a smokescreen to mislead us. I surmise that investigating the merchant Godot on Ritou will yield no results.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, are you serious? But this is all just a hunch you have, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Actually, there is another key factor behind my reasoning, though you may not believe me.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I sense something... special about Gorou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something special?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yes. Whatever is missing on this island, I sense it in him...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Wh&mdash;Whoa, hold it right there! Are saying Gorou's a thief? As in, he took something valuable!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's not that simple, I can't fully explain it... It's just my intuition.
:{{DIcon}} This certainly doesn't line up with the Gorou I know.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure, I trust your judgment. But perhaps you're overlooking someone else &mdash; the true leader here.

:{{DIcon}} Alright, you've convinced me that there might be some secret here. What do we do?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's simple. We should just investigate whatever it is they're trying to hide from us. And what were we planning to do just before Gorou showed up?
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hum, we were going to talk to the leader of the caravans. Oh yeah, someone named Todoroki!
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Bingo. There's no time to lose, let's go talk to this Todoroki.
:;(Proceed to [[#An Unexpected Discovery|An Unexpected Discovery]])

:{{DIcon}} No, you're overthinking this. We should go to Ritou and investigate this Godot character.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, being too suspicious, am I? Well, even suspicious people have their duty to uphold...
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1903908 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, in which case, (Traveler), I'll stay here and get back to you once I figure out what the secret of this place is.
::'''''Hangout Event Ended:''''' Heizou promises that you shall meet again before leaving...
{{Dialogue end}}

===An Unexpected Discovery===
{{Quest Description|update|It turns out that the missing young detective was investigating a mysterious case on Watatsumi Island. According to him, something vital is missing on this island. What could it be?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Wait until night <nowiki>(20:00 – 24:00)</nowiki>)

;(Head to Bourou Village and follow Todoroki and Tokuda)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905501 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Todoroki, the shipment has arrived and is ready for inspection.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905501 todoroku 01.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Good, let's go.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905501 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Todo... mmph!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905501 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Shh! Keep quiet. Let's follow him and see where he leads us.

;(If the player gets too far away)
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905502 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Man alive! We strayed too far and now we've lost him.
:;(Restarts stealth sequence)

;(If the player gets too close)
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905503 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Uh-oh! We got too close and he noticed us!
:;(Restarts stealth sequence)

;(Listen in on Todoroki and Tokuda's conversation)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Your intel was spot on. When we arrived, the Nobushi were all still asleep, haha.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 tokuda 02.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' We captured them all, and the goods were retrieved and brought back here.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 todoroku 01.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' I'll take a look. Hmm... Everything seems in order, good work.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 tokuda 03.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' It's nothing. Thanks to the efforts of your caravan, the price of grain in the village has decreased.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 masashi 01.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' That's right, and who would have thought that the injuries we sustained during the war would have such a lingering effect on our bodies. But thankfully, you also brought back some life-saving medicine.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 todoroku 02.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Things are improving thanks to the help from those up top. By the way, what is the state of the village's inventory?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 todoroku 03.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Make sure that it's confirmed tonight, I have to leave tomorrow morning after I go to the Sangonomiya Shrine and get instructions from General Gorou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905504 masashi 02.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Don't worry. We've already prepared the list. Just follow us.

----

;(Todoroki and Tokuda leave)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905505 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? The soldiers from Sangonomiya seized the Nobushi's stolen goods? But didn't Gorou say all the stolen goods were headed to the International Trade Association?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905505 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And Todoroki said he'll get instructions from Gorou tomorrow. Interesting... It appears these seized goods were never stolen, there's something else behind all this.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905505 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Now's our chance to look around and see if we can find any leads.

;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, let's see what we can come up with here.

;(Investigate the Glaze Lilies)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Glaze Lilies]]! What are these doing here? Shouldn't it be Crystal Marrow or something...

;(Investigate the tightly packed box)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This box is packed so tight, it looks like it could burst. Let's see what's inside.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What are all these plants and flowers? Oh, there's a small note here.
:'''Torn Bill:''' (A torn bill. The handwriting has been smudged by water stains, making it difficult to read. Only a faint outline of the words "Foreign Trade Association" can be seen at the signature.)

;(Investigate the Qingxin)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905507 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! [[Qingxin]]! Paimon was expecting to find Sango Pearls...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Middleman===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, did you find anything?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, look at all the Qingxin! And Glaze Lilies, too! There are also tons of other plants and flowers Paimon doesn't know here. Weird...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' These are valuable raw ingredients for producing medicine. If these few crates were to be imported from Ritou, the price would be jaw-dropping.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' On top of that, these items seem to lack a tax clearance certificate, meaning that they were most likely smuggled. Yes, very interesting... Now where did the Nobushi get these goods?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' How about you? Did you find anything else?
:{{DIcon}} There is a bill here addressed to the "Foreign Trade Association."
::''(+1 Heart)''
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Foreign Trade Association? I've never heard of such an organization in Ritou... and if it's regarding foreign trade, then smuggling is an even more likely possibility.
:{{DIcon}} Unfortunately, no.
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Really? Hmm, I see...

:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright. In which case, I have a rough hypothesis, first we...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Huh! Who goes there!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! We've been spotted!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 01.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Huh? Wait, Captain... is that you!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 02.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Oh! So it's you, Captain. You had me worried there, we almost mistook you for bandits, haha!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 03.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Captain, do you remember us? During the war, I was in the field hospital with Masashi. Teppei brought you to see us, and helped find medicine for us.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 02.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Hey c'mon now! The captain wouldn't forget!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 03.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' I gotta tell you, Captain, we all miss you. We haven't seen you ever since the end of the war.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 04.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' When we heard that you were coming here, we just assumed you were only going to see General Gorou and Her Excellency. The guys are all really hoping to see you.
:{{DIcon}} Ahem... Uh, how have you all been?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 05.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' We're fine! You don't have to worry about us, Captain.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 04.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' No, you're not fine. Captain, you may not be aware, but Masashi previously fainted on the front lines. The doctor thought that it might be a neurological condition caused by overstimulated emotions. It's pretty serious.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 05.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' According to the doctor, if it hadn't been for the medication he's been taking, he would have developed dementia... and that was assuming the best-case scenario!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 06.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' You're one to talk! Don't forget why I fainted in the first place. It's because I heard that you got yourself killed by an arrow. I couldn't handle all the emotion.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 07.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Later, I found out that he'd been shot in the buttocks and it was only a mild injury. I had an emotional breakdown for nothing!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 06.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' What do you mean for nothing? I got shot not by one, but two arrows... in a row! The first arrow was to the left cheek, and the second arrow was also to the left!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 07.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' And, because the arrows were poisonous, the wound still hasn't completely healed yet. I have to apply ointment every day and I am constantly worried it might reopen while I sleep.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 08.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Look on the bright side. At least we're still alive.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 08.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Yeah, I suppose you're right. But enough about us, what brings you here, Captain?
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about these goods...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 09.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Oh, these goods were all seized from the hands of Nobushi and Treasure Hoarders. Todoroki was the one who provided us with the intel.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 10.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' He mentioned there were bandits here and there, so we went and took care of them while also confiscating the goods.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 09.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' By the way, Captain, you still haven't met Todoroki, have you? He's the one we're working for now.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 10.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Her Excellency recently announced plans to stimulate the economy and created the caravans, with Todoroki at the helm.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 11.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Yeah, he's proven to be quite capable. Even though he was just a farmer before, he's now successfully running the caravans.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 12.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' And his two sons were also our brothers in arms, both received a special medal of honor from General Gorou, which is quite remarkable, don't you think?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 11.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' So as injured veterans, we've been reassigned to Todoroki. He's the one who gives us orders and pays our salaries now.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 12.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' What do they call that again...?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 13.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' It's called changing careers, dummy.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 13.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Ah right, changing careers. Anyway, I think the whole caravan thing is wonderful. Our region wasn't very prosperous to begin with, and the land can't grow any crops. We have to pay a hefty price just to get basic food from outside.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 14.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' I can't even imagine trying to maintain and feed an army like we did during the war.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I see, I think I understand the general situation now. May I ask where the apprehended criminals are?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 masashi 14.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Oh uh, and you are?
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, he's a friend of mine.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 15.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Ah I see, the Captain's friend... it should be okay to tell you then. We apprehended all the culprits and escorted them to a temporary location not far from here.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 tokuda 16.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Unfortunately, Masashi and I have other duties tonight and won't be able to take you there. Why don't you wait for a moment and I'll find someone else to show you the way?
:{{DIcon}} It's alright, you can return to your duties. We'll find the way ourselves.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905506 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm pretty sure I've already got a grasp on what's going on. All I need now is to confirm it with the apprehended bandits. (Traveler), let's go.

----

;(Go with Heizou to where the inmates are imprisoned)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905510 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Are you still a little confused? Haha, let me help connect the dots, this whole thing was actually quite similar to a case I once worked on previously.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905510 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It was a case involving the trade of prohibited items, and they employed an old trick to execute the deal.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905510 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The culprit would first go strolling down the street, until they knocked over a pedestrian on purpose, using the opportunity to slip the prohibited goods into the unknowing pedestrian's pocket.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905510 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Once the intended recipient got word of it, they would find an excuse to harass the same pedestrian before stealing the goods from the pocket.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905510 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The pedestrian had no idea what happened from start to finish, and unknowingly functioned as a "middleman"... So, can you guess who the middleman was in this case?

----

;(Talk to the inmates)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 01.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Sir! Please forgive us, Sir! We are nothing more than petty thieves...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sir? What, do I look like a Commissioner? Does my friend here look like a Commissioner to you?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 02.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Uh... uh, officer! Officer!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' First, I'm gonna need to ask you a few questions.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 03.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Uh, sure! Go ahead, ask anything!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The soldiers discovered many valuable goods in your camp. The goods don't appear to be from around here, so the question is, where did they come from?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 04.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Oh, the goods? Right, we picked them up at the beach!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You picked them up?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 05.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Uh, well, no... we uh, actually stole them.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Be honest now, tell me the whole story!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 06.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Y&mdash;Yes, sir! Uh, I mean officer! We took those goods from a small merchant ship just off the beach, but we didn't exactly steal them...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 07.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' You see, the ship's guards all took off running the moment they saw us. They abandoned the goods, and we simply came and picked them up...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 08.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' But, next thing we know, a group of soldiers arrives and we're all apprehended. Talk about bad luck! We didn't even have a chance to stash away the goods before we got caught!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You say that the merchant ship's guards fled without putting up a fight? Heh, you expect me to believe that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 09.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' We just assumed they were scared witless and didn't have the guts to fight. I'm not bragging or anything, but our boss is pretty intimidating. With his massive muscle and strength, he could scare anyone!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, you really expect us to believe all this!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 10.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' No, you gotta believe me. Just the other day, we scared off an entire squad of soldiers! When they noticed us, they went running and dropped their goods. I swear!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 11.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' I still remember seeing tons of Sango Pearls and Crystal Marrow in that load! All nice and shiny, too. It was amazing!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 12.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Unfortunately, a bunch of pirates came later and snatched those goods. It just happened that our boss had diarrhea that day and couldn't hold off the pirates. *sigh* This luck of ours...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Wait a tick, pirates?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 13.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Yep, no doubt about it. They came on [[The Crux|a massive ship]], and their captain was [[Beidou|a pretty lady wearing an eye patch]]... We had no idea how powerful she was!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 nanao 14.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' It was like... BOOM BOOM THUD! Only took three hits before she knocked out the boss.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* A pretty lady with an eye patch!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh? Does this description remind you of someone, Paimon?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, ahem... n&mdash;no! Doesn't remind Paimon of anyone!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Okay, and how about you, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Uh, me neither.
:{{DIcon}} Come to think of it, all pirates wear eye patches.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, really? Okay, I'll take that as a no, then.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It appears that the situation is just as I suspected. Todoroki is striking a shady deal with a group of pirates, while General Gorou appears to be assisting with the cover-up...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But... how could that be?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' (Traveler), Todoroki said that he'd be going to Sangonomiya early tomorrow morning to get Gorou's instructions before the caravan leaves.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Now is the time to address any doubts you may have. Tomorrow morning will be our moment to confront them.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hopefully, my final question will be answered then as well.
:{{DIcon}} Your final question?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The question of what important thing this island is missing...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I can feel some connection to the question in Gorou, Todoroki, and even Tokuda and Masashi.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hopefully, we'll finally have an answer tomorrow.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905508 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Let's get some rest. I'll see you at Sangonomiya tomorrow morning.

;(Talk to Nanao)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 nanao 01.ogg}} '''Nanao:''' Officer, don't forget to tell the officials how cooperative we've been! Please put in a good word for us!

----

;(Wait until the following day <nowiki>(08:00 – 12:00)</nowiki>)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Confrontation===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Question Todoroki)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 01.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Ahem... uh, who are you?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hello, Todoroki. I'm Shikanoin Heizou, special detective of the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I believe you've been manipulating large-scale illegal trades for some time now. Mind if we talk about that for a bit?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 02.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' You can't just go around spewing such nonsense, young man.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And what if I'm not talking nonsense?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 03.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Ridiculous! I don't have time to listen to this. Get out of here, you little brat!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, I know I'm on the younger side compared to you, Todoroki. So I'm sure you must have heard the old saying:
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' "Off the scale, some goods only weigh a couple pounds. But on the scale, they weigh more than a thousand."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So the question is, do you want to put your goods on the scale or not?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 04.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Wh&mdash;What are you trying to say?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, nothing. All I want to hear is you personally confirming what we already know to be the truth.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 05.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Argh... Masashi! Tokuda! Arrest these people!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 masashi 01.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Huh? Todoroki, what's wrong!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Who dares to cause trouble at Sangonomiya Shrine! Huh!? Wait, it's...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 tokuda 02.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Captain? What are you doing...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 06.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' These crooks are trying to pry into the secrets of Watatsumi. We mustn't let them go!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 masashi 02.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' But uh, no... There must be some kind of misunderstanding. Todoroki...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 masashi 03.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' This is the captain of Swordfish II, one of our own, haha!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 07.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' It doesn't matter who they are. Remember what General Gorou told you? The long-term goal of Watatsumi is to revive its trade and commerce. And since you have been assigned to work with me, it's my orders that count around here!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 08.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' I don't care if they were your captain. Would you dare disobey orders!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 tokuda 03.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' I... Uh...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 masashi 04.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' What do we do?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 09.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Well, what are you waiting for!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 10.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Alright, I see how it is. If you two won't do it, I will.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I really hoped it wouldn't come to this... but, here we go.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wait! Everyone, stand down!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 masashi 05.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' General Gorou! You're here!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' My apologies, (Traveler), and Detective Heizou. I wasn't telling you the truth.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 03b.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Todoroki, (Traveler) here is the hero who saved Watatsumi Island. Without {{MC|him|her|mc=1}}, Watatsumi Island would never have found the peace it has today. We mustn't raise our weapons against {{MC|him|her|mc=1}}.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 11.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' How could you be so naive, General Gorou...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 12.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' If we let them go free, then who's to say that the [[Inazuma Shogunate|Shogunate]] won't come after us tomorrow? If the Shogunate decides to investigate, we won't be able to hide the truth.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I wouldn't allow them to take you, Todoroki.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 13.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' *sigh*... Let's not kid ourselves. If going to jail could solve the problem, I would go and turn myself in to the Tenryou Commission right now.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 14.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' The question is, what are we going to do with the goods? Will you be able to keep them? Not to mention the chance of astronomical fines! Can you afford that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 15.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Gorou, we both know that Watatsumi Island is a barren land. Plant a hundred radishes here and maybe only three would grow, and those three combined would still be smaller than just one carrot imported from elsewhere.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 16.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' You can't grow food or medicinal herbs here. And if we buy them from Ritou, we pay exorbitant taxes.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 17.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' My eldest son died fighting on the battlefield. But do you know how my second son died? He died because there was no medicine to treat him!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 18.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' You awarded both of them medals of honor, but did that save their lives? Can medals heal Tokuda and Masashi's wounds?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 19.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' No, it was the medicine that I got that saved their lives!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 20.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' If we detain them today, the Shogunate will never know what we've done. Besides, we're only a few months away now...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 21.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' We will set them free once the new bill is passed in just a few months, and everything will be okay. None of what happened here will be mentioned again, and life on Watatsumi Island will continue to improve.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I understand, Todoroki, but they won't&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 22.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' I can trust the Traveler won't, but the detective here is a Tenryou Commission officer!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 23.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' *sigh*... Forget it! You're the general, and I'm just a radish farmer...
:{{DIcon}} Wait, what is the bill you just mentioned?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's a new commodity tax bill currently being drafted by the [[Kanjou Commission]]. The bill exempts taxes on goods that are in short supply on Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Once the bill is introduced, we'll be able to buy commodities that we need from regular marketplaces...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh, I see! Man alive...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I wish I had known sooner. Hehe, in that case, how about we put your fears at ease and I'll stick around here a little longer.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You know, until the bill is introduced.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 24.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Detective Heizou, are you saying that...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 todoroku 25.ogg}} '''Todoroki:''' You mean you are willing to stay here, young man?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' C'mon you two, what's with the strange looks?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You've been keeping me under close surveillance, haven't you? Surely you must have noticed that, aside from being a detective, I am also an ordinary tourist who likes to enjoy good scenery?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I believe that after the new commodity bill is passed, there will be more and more traffic between the two sides, and more and more people will be coming to visit Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I have to take the opportunity now and enjoy this place while I still have it all to myself. Before long, tourists will start pouring in!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Thank you, Detective Heizou, on behalf of the people of Watatsumi!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' My pleasure, but one good turn deserves another, does it not...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh, you mean there's something you wish to request?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I suppose you could say I'm from the Shogunate, but the Traveler next to me isn't.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 18a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 18b.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As far as I know, {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} is planning to visit other nations soon, and it is unclear if {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} will return to Narukami Island or not. Therefore, there's no need to limit {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} freedom, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm sure no one else will hear of what happened today, am I right, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} (Make a loud and resounding promise.)
:{{DIcon}} (Agree with a cool nod.)
:''(+1 Heart)''
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 12b.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well, it's settled then. (Traveler) will always be an important partner to Watatsumi, and I would never dream of limiting {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} freedom. So please don't worry, Detective Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 20.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'll hold you to that. But if I ever find out you've lied to me again, there's a chance I'll lose my cool.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm sorry for not telling you the truth earlier. It's a serious matter, and I didn't want outside parties to become involved.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But today I realized my poor judgment. How could I possibly hide anything from Detective Heizou and the Traveler?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 21.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha! I'm glad you understand now!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 22.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But, in all honesty, I'm the one who should be thanking you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 23.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's because of you that I was finally able to reach an answer. After all, nothing makes a detective happier than putting a case to rest.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah, I understand now. You really are an interesting person, Detective Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 24.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' No, I'm afraid you don't quite get what I mean.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...I'm sorry?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait wait! Paimon gets this one! It's the answer to your question, right? The one about the thing you sensed coming from Gorou and the others? Now you've figured it out!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Huh? The thing you sensed coming from me? But I always have excellent personal hygiene...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, no, not like that!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905509 heizou 25.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe. Hey (Traveler), could I talk to you for a moment? Besides, I haven't had a chance to thank you yet.

;(Talk to Gorou again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I apologize again for not being completely honest with you, (Traveler). I truly am sorry, but... I had to do it.
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
::{{DIcon}} By the way, does Kokomi know about all this?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah yes, Her Excellency... Well, let's just say that the war brought many terrible things while also forcing us to learn a lot.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, but that still doesn't answer the question.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well, ahem... aren't you curious about who's been pushing for the new commodity bill? It certainly isn't the Kanjou Commission, because it doesn't immediately benefit them, and we don't have any connections there.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... it's kinda as if the gods suddenly appeared to offer you a divine hand.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Haha, yeah, the gods...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I was invited to attend the Irodori Festival on Narukami Island with Her Excellency a while back.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' At the festival, I waited in the marketplace while Her Excellency...
:{{DIcon}} Went to see [[Yae Miko|Lady Yae]].
::{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yeah.
:{{DIcon}} What did she do...? I don't remember.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' She went to the Kanjou Commission to see Lady Yae &mdash; purportedly for a book review, but there were other items on the agenda, too. The meeting wasn't made public.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Following her return, we began our attempts at boosting commercial activity, and it wasn't long before there was a push for a new commodity bill on Narukami Island...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905512 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So, what do you make of it? Do you think Her Excellency knows about this?

----

;(Go to a nearby location and talk to Heizou)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hey, there you are. Come here. Look, look! It's beautiful, isn't it? Watatsumi Island...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's remarkable how such a barren land can give life to such wonderful and stunning scenery.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' To be honest, I'm grateful to you for this trip. Before you arrived, I was running around like a headless chicken, haha.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Even if I had happened to find out what was going on here, I wouldn't have been able to uncover any concrete information without you present.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm just sorry that I promised I'd accompany you back, it appears that I won't be able to do so for the time being. So please, cover for me in the meantime, okay? Haha.
:{{DIcon}} Have you really decided to keep the whole thing a secret?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ah, it's all in the past now, let's just chalk it up as an intriguing experience I had on my trip here. Besides, that's not what I wanted to investigate anyway.
:{{DIcon}} So now you have the answer you were searching for?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yes, everyone you led me to and everything they said brought me closer to the answer, and now I finally get it.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Watatsumi Island is an ancient land where the soil is poor and many crops do not grow, because it's lacking a certain thing.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But what the inhabitants of this land do have is bravery. They were courageous enough to stand up and resist the gods, and accomplish what they knew could not be done... This is yet another instance in which that certain thing shines.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That missing element... That certain thing... is what I sensed present in Gorou, Todoroki, Tokuda, and Masashi...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Which is... the true vitality of this land.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I guess I was mistaken when I declared that something was missing, that something from this island had evaporated into thin air... Because even something that evaporates is not gone. It's still there, just in a different state of being.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' When water is heated by fire, it evaporates and eventually finds its place in the sky. Similarly, when the land was harmed, its vitality evaporated and eventually found its place among the inhabitants.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This is the final answer I've been searching for.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Anyway, thanks again, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You know, even though we've just met, I wish you could be my partner all the time. Haha, call me greedy, I guess.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But of course, I know that's impossible. You have your own journey to complete.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So I'll just keep doing what I can &mdash; hopefully keeping my memories from evaporating, safe and sound in my mind.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905511 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That way, I'll always be able to remember these beautiful things, the beauty of Watatsumi Island, the people who are full of life and vitality... and you two, who were by my side.
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Memories Do Not Evaporate====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name = Memories Do Not Evaporate
|character   = Shikanoin Heizou
|act = 1
|description = The journey will end, but the memories will remain.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Missing Thing
|zhs     = 失落之物
|zhs_rm  = Shīluò zhī Wù
|zht     = 失落之物
|zht_rm  = Shīluò zhī Wù
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 欠け落ちた大切なもの
|ja_rm   = Kakeochita Taisetsu-na Mono{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Missing Important Thing
|ko      = 사라진 물건
|ko_rm   = Sarajin Mulgeon
|ko_tl   = The Missing Thing
|es      = La cosa desaparecida
|es_tl   = The Missing Thing
|fr      = La chose disparue
|fr_tl   = The Missing Thing
|ru      = Потерянный предмет
|ru_tl   = The Lost Thing
|th      = สิ่งที่สูญหายไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vật Thất Lạc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der verlorene Gegenstand
|de_tl   = The Lost Object
|id      = Benda yang Hilang
|id_tl   = The Missing Thing
|pt      = A Coisa Desaparecida
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kayıp Şey
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'oggetto scomparso
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}