{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03019
|image         = Archon Quest C3A4 The Missing Village Keepers.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|act           = King Deshret and the Three Magi
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Candace; Cyno; Dehya; Delavar; Engur; Isak; Jabari; Kazan; Makan; Paimon; Shani; Sharkan; Traveler; Uncle Anpu; Zaki
|startLocation = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Aaru Village
|prev          = The Four at Loggerheads
|next          = Cry From the Eleazar Hospital
|exp           = 900
|mora          = 36,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Missing Village Keepers|chapter=3|act=4|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Ask the locals for information
# Follow [[Cyno]]
# Follow [[Isak]]
# Look for clues nearby
#Talk to [[Cyno]]
# Go back to the village chief's house
# Go to [[Caravan Ribat]]
# Ask [[Dehya]]'s acquaintances for clues
# Go to the place [[Zaki]] mentioned
# Defeat the Radicals {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*3;Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier*2;Eremite Linebreaker*1}}
# Talk to Dehya
# Wait till the next morning (06:00 – 12:00)
# Talk to Dehya
# Talk to [[Candace]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Despite not being involved in this quest, [[Sabbah]] will prevent the player from proceeding in the quest in Step 2 if they have started and not completed the [[World Quest]] ''[[The Exile: Sprouting]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Entrusted by Isak, a resident of Aaru village, you and Cyno begin looking for clues about the Village Keepers...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kazan)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Excuse me, did you happen to see where the missing scholars went?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 ghassan 01.ogg}} '''Kazan:''' You mean the [[Village Keepers]]? Hmm, let me think...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 ghassan 02.ogg}} '''Kazan:''' When I was eating dinner the other day, I saw one of them by the side of the road, muttering away and eating mushrooms and tree roots... They shouldn't go around eating that kind of stuff!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, okay, did you notice anything else?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 ghassan 03.ogg}} '''Kazan:''' Anything else, hmm... No, I think that's all I have to tell you, sorry.

;(Talk to Shani)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The scholars that have gone missing, have you seen them?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 shani 01.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Whaaa! Those eyes, those fierce eyes! Y&mdash;You look like a real fighter...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't change the subject.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 shani 02.ogg}} '''Shani:''' R&mdash;Right! You were asking about the Vil&mdash; I mean, the mad scholars. I think it's been a few days since I last saw them? I usually go to bed pretty early, so I'm not too familiar with what goes on at night.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 shani 03.ogg}} '''Shani:''' But honestly, I feel quite sympathetic towards them. Even though they act a little strange, they've helped me in the past. If it weren't for them, my house would've collapsed long ago.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Do you also think Grandpa and the others are good people?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 shani 04.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Grandpa? Oh, hello there, it's little Isak! You mean that nice man who looks like your grandpa's long-lost twin, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 shani 05.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Haha, he was actually the one who protected my house! I saw it with my own eyes. He happened to be staying near my house that day and was doing something with his hands on the ground.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 shani 06.ogg}} '''Shani:''' It still feels pretty surreal now that I think back on it... Did someone teach them how to do that?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 shani 07.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Well, whatever the case, I'll always be thankful to him and whoever taught him to look out for others. I'm pretty sure that if I ever went mad, I wouldn't be able to do anything like that...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 isak 02.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Gotcha! Thank you!

;(Talk to Jabari)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 isak 03.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Sir, have you seen my grandpa recently? You know, the one who likes to sit and space out near the village entrance...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 jabari 01.ogg}} '''Jabari:''' Oh, well if it isn't Isak! Your grandpa, huh? Hmm... it's been a while.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 jabari 02.ogg}} '''Jabari:''' The last time I saw him, he was spacing out by the road as usual. I went and asked him if he'd like any of the food I had prepared, despite my wife's protests. Like many people, she's really quite terrified of them...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 jabari 03.ogg}} '''Jabari:''' *sigh* And speaking of my wife, she's still always complaining about how I don't make enough Mora... That might explain why she's always mad at me...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 isak 04.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Oh, thank you... Thank you for taking care of him.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 jabari 04.ogg}} '''Jabari:''' Haha, it was nothing! You're looking for him, right? Did he go for a walk and get lost?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 isak 05.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Yeah...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 jabari 05.ogg}} '''Jabari:''' Oof, that's no good... Well, once you've found him, come by my place again and I'll cook a little something for the both of you.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 jabari 06.ogg}} '''Jabari:''' I've known you since you were very young, so as far as I'm concerned, you're family. Please feel free to come by anytime.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, what a nice guy...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 isak 06.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Okay, thank you, sir.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...!
:{{DIcon}} Hmm? What's wrong, Cyno? Did something happen?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't say anything for now.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Hmm... Isak, stay here.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 1 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Let's head over there. Stay quiet as you move.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Listen, see if you can make out what they're saying.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 01.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Have you heard? The mighty King Deshret, the sovereign of our faith, will soon return to this world!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 01.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Yes, of course I have. King Deshret is the one and only true ruler of this land. I've never believed in any other gods!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 02.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Still, you say he's coming back, but... it sure doesn't feel like life's about to change around here anytime soon. What's your proof?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 02.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Haven't you noticed? The village has been getting more deranged scholars than ever!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 03.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Delavar was saying that many people also went insane just before the fall of King Deshret's civilization in ancient times. We don't quite know why, but it seems like there's some sort of a connection between insanity and King Deshret.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 04.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Isn't it a sign of King Deshret's power that all the mad scholars have disappeared? If you ask me, they must have been chosen as the final sacrifice for King Deshret's resurrection!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 03.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Huh, now that you say it, that does make some sense! Haha, does this mean our lives are finally going to take a turn for the better?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 05.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Exactly! Those city folks will get what's coming to them!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Now, repeat everything you've just said from the very beginning.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 06.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 04.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Wh&mdash;Who are you!? Where did you come from?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' My patience is running thin. You heard what I asked.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 07.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Ah! B&mdash;Bro, this guy's something else. Just look at his eyes... One wrong move and he's gonna flay us alive...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 05.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Let's not get on his bad side, okay? I'm no match for this guy...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 08.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' O&mdash;Okay, good sir, wh&mdash;what is it you would like to know?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Tell me about King Deshret's resurrection.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 09.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Well, I... I only know a few things from hearsay. I went for a drink the other day, and heard others talking about a rumor that the madmen will disappear, and that King Deshret will return to this land. I'm not making this up, I swear...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 06.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Hey, go on, keep talking!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 10.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' It's true, it's all true, sir! We desert folk have had more than enough of those people at the Akademiya... They keep sending us all their mad scholars and won't let us have a good life...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 11.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Would you want to live like this if you were in our place? The Radicals were even more thrilled than me when they heard the news... We're all praying for King Deshret's speedy return.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 12.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Delavar also said that once King Deshret returns to our side, it's only a matter of time before we conquer the land on the other side of the Wall. They're all willing to serve under King Deshret and fight for a share of the glory...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Is that so...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 07.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Uh, seems like he still wants to know more, keep talking!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 13.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Ah, g&mdash;got it! I uh... at first, I told myself it was just the drink talking. But then, all the mad scholars vanished without a trace... just as the rumors said!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 14.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' P&mdash;Please don't beat me up just for mentioning these rumors! I&mdash;If I'm guilty, then everyone else around here is also guilty! I'm just saying what the others said!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The people here really like King Deshret, but dislike the Dendro Archon...
:{{DIcon}} The Akademiya is probably the true target of their hatred.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Where is this "radical" person you talked about?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 15.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' I haven't run into him over the past few days, so he probably hasn't been around the village... What about you, man &mdash; have you seen him at all?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 08.ogg}} '''Makan:''' Uh, no, not at all! We wouldn't dare lie to you. He's really not here right now!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sounds like you're not too close with the Radicals.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 makan 09.ogg}} '''Makan:''' No, of course not! All we know are their names.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I have many ways to stop you from talking, and many others to stop you from sending warning messages.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So you'd best just stay home and hope I don't hear of you trying to contact anybody.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't do anything until I've gotten to the bottom of this. Try something foolish, and even Candace won't be able to protect you.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 sharkan 16.ogg}} '''Sharkan:''' Yes, yes, got it! We'll do just as you say!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that scared Paimon half to death! Cyno is pretty terrifying...
:{{DIcon}} Good thing I'm not one of your enemies.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Mhm.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He didn't try to reassure us at all... It's like he's used to hearing that. Paimon bets lots of people have told him that before...
:{{DIcon}} All the more reason for you to not get on his bad side...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I heard that.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh, sorry!!!
:{{DIcon}} Sorry.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's part of being a matra.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The rumor we heard just now seems like a strong lead. But we need to check a few more places.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we could check the scholars' homes?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we'll find something there.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 16.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Very well.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isak!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Ah, I'm here!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 cyno 17.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Where's your grandpa's house?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 isak 02.ogg}} '''Isak:''' I can take you there. Just follow me.

;(While following Isak)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 isak 03.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Grandpa... He likes to be alone. Sometimes, he stares at the sky in a daze, and other times, he just pokes at the ground with his fingers...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 2 isak 04.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Every now and then, he yells out at the top of his lungs, so a lot of people are really scared of him. But he's a good person, really. I know he is! I swear, he's just like my real grandpa.
----
;(After following Isak)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' This is where Grandpa usually stays.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There sure isn't much here...
:{{DIcon}} Hm? What's that smell...
::{{DIcon}} Cyno, did you catch a faint whiff of incense?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' No.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Incense? Ahh! Please don't say it's that same one as before!
:{{DIcon}} It's definitely that one.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But are you okay!? Are you getting dizzy or need to lie down?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' There's a scent that you can sense, but I can't...?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A certain Traveler here once passed out from that smell. Thankfully, Tighnari saved the day... and then he gave us a long lecture to explain all about how it worked...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...So you know Tighnari.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You know him too? Are you two friends?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Hmm, now that I concentrate, I can also make out the scent of incense.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait, surely Tighnari didn't lecture you, too?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' No. No need.
:{{DIcon}} I can't handle this scent very well...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Did you first encounter this scent at Tighnari's house?
:{{DIcon}} No, it was in the forest where a scholar was meditating.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 3 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' In the forest... from a scholar...
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep looking for more clues.
:{{DIcon}} It'd be more efficient if we split up.

;(Talk to Isak, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' *sigh* Where did Grandpa go... Please come home, Grandpa...

;(Observe tent, optional)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Looks like someone has been living in here this entire time...)

;(Observe goods, optional)
:'''(Traveler):''' (These are all daily necessities...)

;(Observe cave, optional)
:'''(Traveler):''' (It seems impossible to climb up from here...)

;(Observe footprints, optional)
:'''(Traveler):''' (These footprints are at least rather clear...)

;(Wait for Cyno to approach the footprints)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you looking for, Cyno?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Here it is.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Take a look right here.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Erm... Paimon doesn't see anything.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Although the traces have been completely buried in the sand, there are footprints here.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' From the size and shape, they belong to an adult male. This pattern is a common one from this area. Local shoes... This was probably someone from the village.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The scent is quite faint... but still extant. The footprints head in that direction.
:{{DIcon}} You mean someone else has been here?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' But who would come looking for Grandpa? He doesn't have any friends.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' We'd have to ask whoever lured him away with the incense.
:{{DIcon}} Lured him away... So that's what happened!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So you can lure someone away with just a scent?
:{{DIcon}} You get lured away by food all the time.
:{{DIcon}} You fall for that kind of thing all the time, Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's wrong with liking good food!? Everyone's got something they love in life!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Exactly. Most scholars are fond of incense, since the smell supposedly helps them clear their minds and discover new knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Even deep within the clutches of madness, they still yearn for their knowledge-seeking days, and will follow the scent whenever it presents itself.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 isak 02.ogg}} '''Isak:''' No... Grandpa...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So someone's taking advantage of their weakness, huh... Still, why would anyone wanna abduct all the scholars?
:{{DIcon}} Is it to resurrect King Deshret?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are the rumors really true?
:{{DIcon}} That's the only lead we have so far.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could the disappearance of all the mad scholars have something to do with the Radicals?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's highly likely.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 isak 03.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Please, you have to save my grandpa! Grandpa's never done anything wrong. Please help him!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like we'd better help get him back! Don't you worry, Isak, we won't let whoever took him get away with it!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 4 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Let's head to Aaru Village and inform Candace and the others about what we learned here. After that, we'll set off to find the scholars.
----
;(Approach the village chief's house)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' ...Right, the darker fabric definitely looks a lot better. That'd be my choice, too...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back, Candace! We've got a lot to tell you!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Ah, welcome back!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Heh, sounds like everyone's friends already.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Dehya's here too!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You bet! So, everything go smoothly?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Reasonably.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm? Alhaitham didn't go with you?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We haven't seen him at all!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh, I saw him around the village entrance earlier and figured he was investigating with you... I guess he must have gone off on his own.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Did you find out anything useful?

:'''You tell Candace and Dehya everything you've learned...'''

:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I see. So, someone used a kind of incense to lead the exiled scholars away from the village...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The resurrection of King Deshret? First I've heard of it...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Far as I know, the kind of incense you just mentioned is only popular beyond the wall.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Scholars are fond of it, but as you can see, there aren't many scholars still studying around these parts. No seller would be able to make a profit here.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Not to mention, making incense is a labor-intensive process. You won't see anybody in the desert with the patience to make or sell something that requires that kind of effort.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It seems someone from beyond the wall must have been supporting this.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Makes sense.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, so what should we do then? Do we go back to the Akademiya and search for leads there?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If it was any other day, that would be your next logical step. But today, you've got me on your team, so you get an extra tip.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Didn't you say that the villager got his news from the tavern? Well, I also like to drink at the tavern, so I know a thing or two about these radicals he mentioned.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Paimon remembers correctly, the leader of the Radicals is some guy called Delavar!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah yeah, Delavar the "Scar-Riddled Bandit," Engur the "Wide-Eyed Butcher," and Jabari the "Ducktail-Bearded Crook." The whole lot of 'em are known around these parts.
:'''(Traveler):''' (I feel like I've heard these names somewhere before...)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' These guys have one thing in common, and that's being broke. The rougher life gets, the more they wanna believe in King Deshret. Way they see it, King Deshret's resurrection is their only chance at overthrowing the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Throwing all of Sumeru into chaos is the only way to change the way of life here in the desert. Anyway, that's my guess why they've chosen to become radicals.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya, you're amazing! You really know this place inside and out!
:{{DIcon}} But Dehya, I...
:'''(Traveler):''' (Huh? Dehya's winking at me... Maybe I should stay quiet for now?)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hahaha, no merc can afford to slack off on gathering intelligence! Every Mora I've spent in the tavern has been a valuable investment.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Let's head out.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Now hold on. You're staying right here, Cyno.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Why?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Aaru Village is not a big place. Outsiders stand out here like a sore thumb. I'd bet word about you has already gotten out.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The desert is unforgiving, so the way of life here is also a lot tougher than on the other side of the wall. You survive on making connections out here.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Compared to you, mercs like me are just third-rate amateurs... I've got no actual fighting skills to speak of. But that also makes it a whole lot easier for me to gain the locals' trust.
:'''(Traveler):''' (...?)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 20.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I need to go around and ask some questions, but it'll be difficult if you're with me.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Fine.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 dehya 21.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Good, then we've got a plan. The Traveler and Paimon will go to Caravan Ribat with me, and we'll try our best to figure out where the mad scholars have been taken. Cyno, you'll have to stay in the village and continue investigating on your own.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, sounds like a plan!

;(Talk to Candace or Cyno)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Cyno, please don't take offense. I'm sure Dehya just wants to help everyone solve their problem as quickly as possible. That's why she can be so straightforward at times.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I don't mind.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Ah, I see... Well, from the way you were staring out into the distance, I thought you might have been mulling over Dehya's words.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' No. I'm used to being treated that way.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's natural to fear strength. I take no objection to it.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Following the clues, Dehya proposed to go to Caravan Ribat to continue the investigation. She seems to have a plan, and all you need is implementation...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the entrance to Caravan Ribat)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, here we are again.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Sounds like you're starting to get familiar with the area.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's amazed every time we see the Wall of Samiel. How can a wall this tall even exist? It's almost... unreal.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I know what you mean. I had the same question every time I walked this way when I was a kid.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Also, why is this high wall here? And can a wall really block sandstorms?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It was only after I grew up that I realized... the Wall of Samiel isn't just there to keep out the sandstorms. It serves a more important purpose &mdash; keeping out people like us.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Sumeru is run by wise and mighty sages. To them, us desert-dwellers are nothing but tools that can be used and discarded at their whim.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' We're cheap labor. Like livestock, but easier to control... Nothing more.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even if a child from the desert got the chance to obtain an Akasha Terminal, almost all their requests for knowledge would be denied. The Akademiya believes we're undeserving.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Geniuses like [[Setaria]] are one in a million. The other children never get a single chance to try and rewrite their fate... Even though the Akademiya knows very well that we're humans, just as they are.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's terrible...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I would tear down this wall with my own hands if I could.
:{{DIcon}} (I understand how she feels...)
:{{DIcon}} (But I hope she doesn't do anything drastic here...)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Dehya, uh, you're not thinking about doing anything scary, are you?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Uh, no, not at all. This place just... gets me thinking, that's all.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Besides, we're here to procure information, aren't we?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! We gotta catch those&mdash;
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Shhh!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Caravan Ribat is crawling with people, so be careful what you say. We don't want anyone to find out what we're here for.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Our mission started the moment we arrived here.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 6 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Let's go check out the tavern. Maybe we'll find someone I know.

;(Approach the tavern or talk to Zaki)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Just our luck... None of them are here today.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, you don't see anyone you know?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 zaki 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Dehya, is that you? Haha, what a coincidence! You're here for a drink, too?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm, Zaki? Finally, a friendly face!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 zaki 02.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Oh? And who do you have with you here? Guests from another land?
:{{DIcon}} Hello, nice to meet you.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 zaki 03.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Hello, hello! I'm Zaki, Dehya's... How would you put it? Drinking buddy?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha, we've had drinks together a few times. You could say we go back a ways.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 04b.ogg}}--> '''Dehya:''' Anyway, as far as my friends here, they aren't too shabby, are they? You rarely see any outlanders so friendly and respectful nowadays.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 zaki 04.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Absolutely, much better than those people on the other side of the wall. So, Dehya, are you looking for someone?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, have you seen Engur, Delavar, or Jabari recently?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 zaki 05.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Of course I have. Matter of fact, we were all here drinking together just a few days ago.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I've got a spice-trading deal from another nation... I thought maybe Delavar and his friends might be interested. Know where I could find him?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 zaki 06.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Ah, how thoughtful of you. Then I assume you also know that Delavar's been having a hard time making ends meet these days. So, you came here to help him out?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hey, keep it down. Let's just say I'd prefer to keep this deal a secret. Y'all at Caravan Ribat are like family. If there's Mora to be made, why not do it together? Besides, Delavar and his friends have muscle. They'd be a good fit for escorting the goods.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 7 zaki 07.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Hahaha, yes, how considerate of you. Delavar's my friend too, so of course I can take you to him. Come with me.

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Are we there yet?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 01.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Yep, this is the place.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' This place is practically deserted... What are they doing in a place like this?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 02.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Hahaha, why don't you take a guess? Go on, a wild stab in the dark... Hehe, you're like lambs to the slaughter!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, it's an ambush!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' What's all this about, Zaki?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 03.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' C'mon Dehya, you really think we didn't hear about what you said back in Aaru Village? The boys have kept a close eye on you from the moment you set foot there.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 04.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Not only do I know that you're looking for Delavar, I also know that you've teamed up with people from the Akademiya to look for the missing scholars.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So you've been watching us from the very beginning?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh... Paimon knew leaving Cyno behind was a mistake!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 05.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Heh, and you left the strongest one in the village, didn't ya? Who do you think you are? You really thought we'd fall for your little "business deal" nonsense?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Tch.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So you and Delavar have been partners all along.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 06.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Hahaha, Dehya, I guess it's only natural for a traveling mercenary like you to be out of the loop. Those of us who hang around the tavern have stronger bonds than you think.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 07.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' But you got one thing right... We're all looking forward to an uprising in Sumeru. There's nothing more we'd like to see than the desert folk overthrowing the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If that's the case, then I'm sure Delavar wouldn't miss a second of it.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 deliwar 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I'll be honest with you. If it weren't for what you said in the village, your little monologue about the Wall of Samiel would have convinced me that you're one of us.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Delavar... and Engur. You're here, too, huh.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 engur 01.ogg}} '''Engur:''' Long time no see, Miss Mercenary. You should've known that traitors are what us followers of King Deshret despise the most.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 deliwar 02.ogg}} '''Delavar:''' Dehya, I thought that you, a fellow desert-dweller, would understand King Deshret is greater than the Dendro Archon. Little did I know... you don't deserve to join us.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, gee, what a missed opportunity... Adopting radical views and kidnapping innocent scholars? All because of some baseless rumors? Anything else I'm missing out on?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 deliwar 03.ogg}} '''Delavar:''' See? There you have it... Mercenaries are just a bunch of faithless scum with only one thing on their minds... Mora. Pathetic, you're all like a pack of street rats.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You're not wrong. Mercenaries are driven by Mora, and my faith lies with whoever's paying me. As long as there's a profit to be made, anyone can become my friend.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 zaki 08.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Enough talking. Get 'em!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 8 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmph, just as I expected. Let's teach 'em a lesson, Traveler!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 zaki 01.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Impossible! H&mdash;How could you...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So, what do you think about your meticulous network now, Zaki? How did you say it... "It's only natural for a traveling mercenary like me to be out of the loop."
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm guessing your informant told you that I'm just an incompetent merc with no real fighting skills, correct? I mean, that is what I said, after all.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' And of course you would believe everything he reported. The only thing you know about me is that I'm a mercenary, but you've never seen me in action.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even though you heard we went to handle monsters together, you believed that Candace was the only one doing all the real fighting.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' "That so-called Flame-Mane is just a fraud! She admitted it herself: She just uses her connections to gain the trust of others."
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's what you thought, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 zaki 02.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Ugh, you lied in the village because you figured that we'd have people watching you...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' And you were stupid enough to fall for it. I figured as much the first time we drank together. You all thought you were so smart. Pathetic.

:'''With one swift kick, Dehya knocks Zaki unconscious.'''

:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Okay, that should be all of 'em.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so you've been planning this since we were in Aaru Village?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' No task can be done without preparation. I just happened to notice a couple suspicious-looking people while you were out investigating.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... But instead of catching them right away, you let them report back...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Those two who were snooping around were just a couple small fries. If we wanna get the real catch, we have to be patient and give it some time.
:{{DIcon}} So, those names you mentioned...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean the funny names she mentioned back in Uncle Anpu's house? The Wide-Eyed Butcher, Scar-Riddled Bandit... Uh, Paimon can't remember them all.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's just a bunch of drunk talk. Engur and Delavar like to talk themselves up when they're drinking. "Engur the Wide-Eyed Butcher" and "Delavar the Scar-Riddled Bandit" are the nicknames they came up with for themselves.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alcohol has a way of making people share what they really think, so Engur and Delavar are always rambling in the tavern about how King Deshret is a superior deity.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about Zaki?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He's just a numbskull who fell right into our trap. Zaki was probably the best hidden of them all. My initial plan was to find Delavar first, and then try to track him down.
:{{DIcon}} So who is the "Ducktail-Bearded Crook"?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's what you wanted to ask when we were at Uncle Anpu's house, right? Jabari's one of the villagers you talked to. You know &mdash; the one who wanted to treat Isak and his grandpa to some food.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so he's a Radical, too!?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' No, he isn't. I just needed to tack on a random villager name to make the eavesdropper think that I was making some wild guesses based on my impressions.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, what a genius idea! Well, that's an expert mercenary for ya!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah, you're too kind. It was straight from the usual playbook, if I'm honest.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, that thing you were saying before... is it really true?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm? About what?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' About how mercenaries only care about Mora, and that anyone's a friend as long as there's a profit...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Does that bother you?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think you're that kind of person.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' What makes you so sure?
:{{DIcon}} Because even without an employer, you’re still helping us out.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 20.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya, do you dislike the Dendro Archon like the other desert folk?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 21.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Heh, you two are pretty sharp. No, I don't have anything against the Dendro Archon.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 22.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I've heard a lot of nice things about the Lesser Lord from [[Dunyarzad]]. I can understand her devotion and gratitude.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 23.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Dunyarzad's just an ordinary person. There's no way a god would be so involved in the lives of everyday people unless they were truly compassionate.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 24.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I've begun to realize that the sages are behind everything that's happened recently. The Radicals' blind belief in King Deshret, making the Dendro Archon out to be an enemy... It's all the Akademiya's trickery.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 25.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But I see through it all. And unlike them, I could never be hostile towards anyone who's never done anything wrong.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 26.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Anyway, looks like we're done with business here. Traveler, lend me a hand. Let's tie 'em up and bring 'em to the village.
:;(Everyone returns to Aaru Village)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 27.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' This should be all of 'em. I'll let you take it from here.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Alright. I'll be in touch. Until then, please stand by.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Candace, do you need any help?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 28.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Candace will be okay on her own. I trust her, so you can too.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 29.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' She's been guarding Aaru Village for quite some time now. If anyone is qualified to question the offenders, it's her.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' While I'm questioning them, why don't you pass some time by exploring the area?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 30.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'll meet you back here tomorrow morning, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 9 dehya 31.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' As for these idiots... Let's just hope they live to see another day.

;(Eavesdrop at the door, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You heard the question. Now answer me.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 deliwar 01.ogg}} '''Delavar:''' Arrghh!!!

;(Talk to Dehya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Candace is an expert at dealing with people like this. All we have to do is wait for her word.
----
;(Approach Dehya next morning)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Dehya!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Right on time.
:{{DIcon}} Did we learn anything from the criminals?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' We'll know any moment now.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's been wondering... You seem to know Candace pretty well. Have you been friends for a long time?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' We've known each other for some time now. She's a pretty interesting person. Even though she's an extremely strong warrior, she never misuses her power against others.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows what you mean. Like a lot of martial artists say: "Never take the fight outside the ring."
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yep, I guess you can put it that way. It takes strong convictions to be as dedicated as she is and shoulder that kind of responsibility.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Us mercs, on the other hand... We pretty much live from one day to the next.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon thinks you're great too!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Really? Thanks for that.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Cyno's here! And he's pretty early too!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes. I was here yesterday to help out a little.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To help out? By doing what?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sharing some interrogation techniques.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... You mean, you taught Candace some more... persuasive methods?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Right.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Come on in, everyone.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 10 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' C'mon, let's go inside.

;(Enter the house)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Candace, we're... Whoa! You look furious!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Do I? Huh... What gave it away?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Oh, there's no mask that can hide true bloodlust. Cover up your eyes and it'll still show itself at the corners of your mouth.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Perhaps I need to work on my composure...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Still, it's perfectly understandable why I'm angry &mdash; I'm sure everyone present would agree?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 deliwar 01.ogg}} '''Delavar:''' Ah yes, yes M&mdash;Ma'am...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 engur 01.ogg}} '''Engur:''' Please don't beat us anymore... We're gonna die...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, looks like Cyno taught her well...
:{{DIcon}} She mastered it really quickly too...
:{{DIcon}} Now she's just as terrifying as he is...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You fear death yourselves, yet you do not hesitate to place the lives of others at risk. The absurdity is mind-boggling.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' The ones you call "mad scholars" are known to us as "the Village Keepers." They are vital members of our community, and some even count them as family...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 06.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You come here, to my village, and you treat my people as nothing more than stepping stones towards your goal... Tell me, what would you do to you in my position?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 01.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Ah! Mercy, please have mercy!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You've made your bed.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 07.ogg}} '''Candace:''' We may all be desert-dwellers, but there's one thing that I understand better than you. The resurrection of King Deshret will only result in war... and war serves no one.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 08.ogg}} '''Candace:''' The people of Aaru Village care little about which god is in power. Life may be tough and tiring, but we wish to preserve our way of life.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 09.ogg}} '''Candace:''' A war would only cause us to lose all that we have, and that is not a responsibility that you can afford to shoulder.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 02.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Ah, we understand! We're sorry!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 03.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' I'll tell you everything I know! Please, just let us go...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 10.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I'm listening.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 04.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Uh, you might not believe this, but it wasn't us who came up with this idea. Someone was spreading rumors in the tavern. That's how we ended up hearing about King Deshret's resurrection.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 05.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Some mystery man told us that mad scholars will make the perfect sacrifice to usher in King Deshret's resurrection. They give their lives, and we can get anything we wish for.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' They're called Village Keepers. Slip up again and you'll regret it.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 06.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Ah, yes, sorry!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 07.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' It was all that mystery man's doing! He told us to spread the word about King Deshret's resurrection, and talked us into helping him... In return, he said he'll help facilitate the resurrection process.
:{{DIcon}} Where are the Village Keepers now?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 08.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' I&mdash;I'm not sure...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That's one.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 09.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Huh? ...One what?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Strike. You get a total of three, then you die by my hand.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 10.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' Wait, I'm telling the truth! We don't know anything, it was all him!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Two.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 11.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' H&mdash;He got us to lure them out of their houses in the night with some kind of incense. We take them to a junction outside the village, then the mystery guy takes 'em from there!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 12.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' You gotta believe me, please! I'm telling the truth, I swear! J&mdash;Just ask them if you don't believe me!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That was indeed the truth. Traveler, go on.
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any idea who that mysterious person might be?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 13.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' You have to believe me! If I knew that, I woulda told you his name right away! I'm not risking another beating to keep his secrets, no way!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 zaki 14.ogg}} '''Zaki:''' He, um, that guy, he wears a cloak, and he's always careful to cover his face... Uh, he calls himself King Deshret's envoy.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 uncleanpe 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Anpu:''' I believe I may know what's going on.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 11.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Uncle Anpu? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:;(Cyno strikes the three crooks unconscious with one swift move.)
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Heh, smooth!
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Okay, speak.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 uncleanpe 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Anpu:''' If my suspicions are correct, this mystery man they speak of could be from the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 uncleanpe 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Anpu:''' Some time ago, people from the Akademiya attempted to take the Village Keepers away. I refused, insisting that they are a part of our community.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 uncleanpe 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Anpu:''' It strikes me now that this secretive character shares the same goal they had.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Which means... it's highly likely that the Akademiya was purposely spreading a false rumor to trick the Radicals into delivering the Village Keepers right into their hands.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh, they were the ones who brought them here to begin with... Now they're trying to take them back? We aren't gonna let that happen.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Not the Akademiya again.
:{{DIcon}} In Sumeru City, Setaria also mentioned...
:{{DIcon}} King Deshret's resurrection is just the Akademiya's misinformation campaign.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Just as I thought.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But what could they want with the Village Keepers...?
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' People are nothing but tools in the eyes of the Akademiya. A change in their plans likely means they've found another way to exploit the scholars.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Regardless, our top priority now is locating the Village Keepers.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 12.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You're right. Isak is still waiting for news on his grandpa...
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Time to go. Let's leave the village and try to track them down.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes. Pack up and get ready to leave.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You got it. Candace, I'll let you deal with the Radicals. Leave everything outside the village to us.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 candace 13.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Alright.
:{{A|vo xmaq104 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's meet back here once everyone's ready!
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Cyno, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' What scheme is the Akademiya brewing now?

;(Talk to Uncle Anpu, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 uncleanpe 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Anpu:''' *sigh* I just hope everyone's alright.

;(Talk to Dehya or Candace, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You look worried. Thinking about the Village Keepers?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Yes... I'd look for them myself if I could... As members of our village, each one of them is very important to me.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You have a strong sense of belonging here... I guess I'm the opposite. Mercs are stray dogs wherever they go.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Dehya, don't say that. You can be a part of this community, too.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq104 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha, thanks. I'll let you know when I feel like joining.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Missing Village Keepers
|zhs     = 失踪的守村人
|zhs_rm  = Shīzōng de Shǒucūn-rén
|zht     = 失蹤的守村人
|zht_rm  = Shīzōng de Shǒucūn-rén
|zh_tl   = The Missing Village Keepers
|ja      = 行方不明になったグラマパラ
|ja_rm   = Yukue Fumei ni Natta Guramapara
|ja_tl   = The Missing Village Keepers
|ko      = 실종된 마을 지킴이
|ko_rm   = Siljongdoen Maeul Jikimi
|ko_tl   = The Missing Village Keepers
|es      = El guardián desaparecido
|es_tl   = The Missing Guardian
|fr      = Le gardien du village disparu
|fr_tl   = The Missing Village Keeper
|ru      = Пропавшие хранители деревни
|ru_tl   = The Missing Village Keepers
|th      = ผู้พิทักษ์หมู่บ้านที่หายตัวไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Giữ Làng Mất Tích
|vi_tl   = The Missing Village Keepers
|de      = Der vermisste Dorfwächter ...
|de_tl   = The Missing Village Guard ...
|id      = Penjaga Desa yang Hilang
|id_tl   = The Lost Village Guard
|pt      = O Guardião da Vila Desaparecido
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kayıp Köy Korucuları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I Custodi scomparsi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}
[[es:El guardián desaparecido]]