{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11102
|image         = Story Quest The Purging of Evil.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Alatus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Butterfly's Dream
|character     = Xiao
|description   = [[Starsnatcher]]'s ability to purge evil stems from the [[Sigil of Permission]].<br />After an unforeseen mishap, you chase to a group of hilichurls with an evil aura...
|startLocation = [[Guili Plains]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Glimmers of the Vigilant Yaksha
|next          = Insights of Drifting Dreams
|exp           = 550
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Xiao
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Purging of Evil''' is the third part of [[Xiao]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Alatus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Butterfly's Dream]].

==Steps==
#Use [[Elemental Sight]] to track down the hilichurls with the evil aura
#Head to the karma-heavy cavern
#*Story Domain "[[Karma-Heavy Cavern]]"
#*The player's party is restricted to just a trial character version of [[Xiao]] for this domain
#*Clear the cavern of the hilichurls with the evil aura
#*Rewards:
#**{{Item|Vayuda Turquoise Fragment|20|x=1}}
#**{{Item|Adventurer's Experience|20|x=2}}
#**{{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|20|x=2}}
#**{{Item|Mora|20|x=10,000}}
#**Precious [[chest]] ×1

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approaching the hilichurls with the evil aura, already slain at Xiao's hands)
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's that [[Conqueror of Demons]] again. No wonder! Paimon was just wondering who could've made such short work of these hilichurls.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see what a real adeptus has to say about all this.

;(Talk to Xiao)
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It's you... I remember you.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I was purging some living beings that had been tainted by the demonic. It would appear that I have caused you some trouble.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Huh? he isn't usually this polite, what's going on...)
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you were exorcizing demons, how is that causing trouble?
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' That is because the changes that occurred in these monsters stem from me &mdash; or more precisely, from the karma I have accumulated.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mutations, karma... Does that mean...
:{{DIcon}} We read about that in the book...
:{{DIcon}} So Xiao is the final yaksha?
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. Paimon remembers that Xiao is also called the Vigilant Yaksha, isn't he?
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... so that means... Aww...
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sniff* P&mdash;Poor Xiao...
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...?
:{{DIcon}} We read about your past in a book.
:{{DIcon}} We were just reading a book called "[[Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti]]."
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I see. You must mean that piece of literati fan fiction from a few hundred years ago.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Hmph. All things are impermanent, and to exist is to suffer. We yakshas have no need of sympathy or tears.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' My comrades who have passed on would see your tears as a stain on their legacy.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh... Paimon's sorry...
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 08.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It matters not. In any case, I am on my way to purge a cavern of demonic influence, so we shall part ways here.
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait! Take us with you! We'll be a big help, Paimon promises!
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 09.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' No need. I am used to fighting alone, and in any case these  mutations originated from me to begin with...
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well then... Oh! Consider it Paimon's penance for being accidentally rude just now! ...Please?
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 10.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo xlq003 1 xiao 11.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Come on then.
----
;(If walking in the wrong direction)
:{{A|vo xlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! This isn't the right way! We're lucky that Xiao even let us tag along, so let's at least keep up with him!

;(Follow Xiao)
:{{A|vo xlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Xiao... You've been suffering from the bad karma all this time?
:{{A|vo xlq003 2 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Suffering is my price to pay for eons of endless slaughter... I have come to accept this.
:{{A|vo xlq003 2 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' But in recent years, other living things have suffered, when the burden should be mine alone to bear... I must reflect on this.

;(Talk to Xiao again)
:{{A|vo dialog xlq003 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Finish your preparations, and we shall enter &mdash; we should not leave those monsters be for too long.
----
;(Upon entering the karma-heavy cavern)
:{{A|vo xlq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, this place gives Paimon goosebumps!
:{{A|vo xlq003 3 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I will use the ritual known as the [[Bane of All Evil]] to relieve this place of its karma.
:{{A|vo xlq003 3 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' You must remain calm. Do not allow yourself to be affected by the lingering wrath of bygone gods.
<!--Quest-Specific Effect: As a result of the buildup of divine karma in the area, Xiao will have Bane of All Evil permanently activated, and will {{Color|action|constantly lose HP}}. Additionally, the effects of that divine karma will allow Xiao to {{Color|action|regenerate HP when he deals DMG to opponents}}. See [[Tutorials]].-->

;(After clearing the first platform)
:{{A|vo xlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bane of All Evil... That must be the power you got for being a Vigilant Yaksha, right?
:{{A|vo xlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's just realized that you only wear your mask when you're fighting the bad guys. But that Starsnatcher guy wears his mask the rest of the time, too...
:{{A|vo xlq003 4 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Starsnatcher? ...I am aware of no adeptus by such a name.
:{{A|vo xlq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, he IS a fraud! Well! We'll continue this discussion later, you should focus on your battle for now.

;(After clearing the domain)
:;{{Color|menu|You "clean up" together with Xiao...}}
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It is good that we came here. An unusual number of living things had fallen under infernal influence. Had we not arrived in good time, the consequences would have been unthinkable.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Now. This "Starsnatcher" you speak of. What is the situation?
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon'll tell you!
:;{{Color|menu|Paimon relates the matter concerning Starsnatcher...}}
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' An adeptus who grants wishes... To think that people could be so easily deceived by such blatant lies...
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As an adeptus, do you have the power to grant wishes, Xiao?
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The Liyue of yesteryear would never ask the adepti for boons unearned.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Millennia ago, the ancestral people of Liyue asked for nothing more than the strength to defend the land they called their home.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  Ehh... To be honest, an adepti who grants people's wishes is probably more appealing to people nowadays...
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' However feeble people nowadays may be, they are not my concern. I concern myself only with following Rex Lapis' original decree.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoops... Paimon spoke without thinking again...
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, ah, one more thing! That fake adeptus has a [[Sigil of Permission]]. It's what he uses to exorcise demons!
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Wait, truly? Hmph. Fool. Exorcizing demons without exterminating them &mdash; it is no wonder they have been congregating here.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 08.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' If this continues, things may spiral out of even my control... We must confiscate his Sigil of Permission.
:{{DIcon}} Confiscate? Is that all?
:{{DIcon}} I think I'd also like to teach him a lesson.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great minds think alike! Paimon agrees, we've gotta show that trickster what you get for trying to fool us!
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And it just so happens that we've got a real adeptus with us too! If Xiao were to teach Starsnatcher a lesson, you can bet he'll never dare to pose as an adeptus ever again!
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 09.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' No. I only slay demons &mdash; I do not kill mortals.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Who said anything about killing him!?
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 10.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 11.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It would certainly benefit Liyue if we could convince him to cease his wicked ways.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 12.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I possess an art called Dream Trawler. It is normally used to separate the soul from the body, that one might cultivate oneself in a waking dream...
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 13.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' But it can also be used to call forth the spirits of others.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, now that's a real adepti art for ya!
:{{DIcon}} Similar to "gifting dreams and visions"?
:{{DIcon}} You'll scare him out of his wits for sure.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 14.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' A ritual must be performed for this art to be used. Assist me in gathering a few items... a censer, seven lamps, and something to reduce the temperature.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Reduce the temperature... Oh, some Mist Flowers will probably do, right?
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But as for the censer and the seven lamps... Hmm... Probably not the kinds of things we're gonna just stumble across in the wild.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 15.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Do you know of the two yaksha statues that stand guard beside a merchant road on the southern face of Mt. Tianheng?
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 16.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The ancestors of the people of Liyue built shrines there to honor the yakshas. You should still be able to find some ceremonial items there.
:{{A|vo xlq003 5 xiao 17.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Once you have found them, meet me at the yaksha statues after nightfall, and I will teach you how to use this art.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Purging of Evil
|zhs     = 靖妖祓恶起傩舞
|zhs_rm  = Jìng Yāo Fú È Qǐ Nuó Wǔ
|zht     = 靖妖祓惡起儺舞
|zht_rm  = Jìng Yāo Fú È Qǐ Nuó Wǔ
|zh_tl   = Starting the Nuo Dance to Pacify and Purge Evil
|ja      = 靖妖儺舞、悪祟払い
|ja_rm   = Seiyou Nabu, Akusui Harai
|ja_tl   = Nuo Dance of Evil Conquering, Purging of Evil Curses
|ko      = 악을 물리치는 나자의 춤
|ko_rm   = Ak-eul Mullichineun Naja-ui Chum
|ko_tl   = Dance of Naja Which Refuse The Evil
|es      = La purificación del mal
|es_tl   = The Purification of Evil
|fr      = La purge du mal
|fr_tl   = The Purge of Evil
|ru      = Истребление зла
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ระบำพิชิตมารกำจัดปีศาจ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vũ Điệu Xua Đuổi Tà Ma
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Austreibung des Bösen
|de_tl   = The Explusion of Evil
|id      = Membersihkan Roh Jahat
|id_tl   = Cleansing the Evil Spirit
|pt      = A Purificação do Mal
|pt_tl   = The Purification of Evil
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:La purificación del mal]]
[[pt-br:A Purificação do Mal]]