{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22005; 22006; 22007
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission The Lost Relic.png
|npc           = Bao'er
|summary       = Bao'er asks the Traveler and Paimon to help her find a relic she lost. They find a different relic, but Bao'er keeps it anyways, claiming it will be safe with her.
|startLocation = [[Guili Plains]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Qiongji Estuary
|subarea       = Guili Plains
|characters    = Bao'er; Paimon; Soraya; Traveler
|next          = A Little Raid
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''The Lost Relic''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Guili Plains]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
===Heavy Box/Dropped Package===
#Talk to [[Bao'er]]
#Search for the item Bao'er lost (0/2)
#*(Version 1) Obtain [[Heavy Box]]
#*(Version 2) Obtain [[Dropped Package]]
#Talk to Bao'er

===Box of Gadgets===
#Talk to Bao'er
#Search for the item Bao'er lost
#Rescue [[Soraya]]
#Talk to Soraya
#*Obtain [[A Box of Gadgets]]
#Talk to Bao'er

==Gameplay Notes==
* The Box of Gadgets version is required to unlock the commission "[[A Little Raid]]".
* The Heavy Box and Dropped Package versions are repeatable; it has not been confirmed whether Box of Gadgets will repeat.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
; Heavy Box version
*{{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|x=1}}
; Box of Gadgets version
*{{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|x=2}}
*{{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman|x=1}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Bao'er]] claims to have lost a precious relic and is now frantically searching high and low for it. Perhaps she could use a hand...}}
===Heavy Box===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Bao'er)
:'''Bao'er:''' Where did it go...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Bao'er:''' I was investigating a ruin, when suddenly monsters attacked me...
:'''Bao'er:''' I panicked and ran, and must have dropped the relic I'd just uncovered right where I found it.
:'''Bao'er:''' After the monsters left, I came back in, but I couldn't find the relic.
:'''Bao'er:''' I've searched all over the place and I just can't find it. I wonder if maybe the monsters took it?
:'''Bao'er:''' Can you help me search for it? If you find it, you can store it in this box.
:;(Obtain [[Bao'er's Empty Box]])

;(Talk to Bao'er again)
:'''Bao'er:''' Where did it go...
:{{DIcon}} This box is... a bit...
:'''Bao'er:''' Hey! Take a closer look, I think you'll find I've padded it with plenty of clothes.
:'''Bao'er:''' I'm a professional scholar, don't you know! I don't make rookie errors.
:'''Bao'er:''' Anyway, thanks for helping me look for the relic &mdash; I'd be useless in a fight with those monsters...

----
;(After investigating the first area)
:'''Paimon:''' Guess it's not here. Let's keep looking.

;(After investigating the second area)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... We've looked everywhere &mdash; and still, nothing.
:'''Paimon:''' Do you wanna keep looking? Or go back and check with Bao'er?
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep looking.
::'''Paimon:''' Alright then. This time with your eyes open.
:{{DIcon}} Let's head back.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's see what else Bao'er has to say.

;([[Blazing Axe Mitachurl]] spawns)
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes? Where did these guys come from!?
:'''Paimon:''' Are these the monsters who go round snatching relics?
:'''Paimon:''' After you've wiped the floor with them, let's check their bodies for that relic!
:;(Battle commences)

;(After the battle)
:;(Obtain [[Heavy Box]])
:'''Paimon:''' Aha! Paimon was right... This must be the relic, surely?
:'''Paimon:''' Either way, let's box it up and take it back.
----
;(Return to Bao'er)
:'''Bao'er:''' Did you find the relic?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:'''Bao'er:''' Let me see... Wow! That's a relic, alright...
:'''Bao'er:''' Um... It doesn't look like the one I lost, though. Still, looks valuable to me!
:'''Bao'er:''' This relic needs looking after by an expert. Don't worry, it's safe with me... Hehehe... Thank you both.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dropped Package===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Bao'er)
:'''Bao'er:''' Come on, where is it...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Bao'er:''' Wah! Where'd you come from!? How'd you sneak up so quietly...
:'''Bao'er:''' Me? I'm... a researcher. I'm looking into the historical architecture and relics of the Guili Plains. Y&mdash;You can call me Bao'er.
:'''Bao'er:''' I was so engrossed in my research that I've misplaced a package I carry round with me.
:'''Bao'er:''' It's got an extremely rare trea... Uh, an extremely rare historical relic inside. Could you help me look for it?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Bao'er:''' Great! I think it was near here that I dropped it... or maybe a little further out. Anyway, please have a careful look.
:{{DIcon}} What does the package look like?
::'''Bao'er:''' Y'know, just... an everyday box. Four sides, a top, and a bottom...
::'''Bao'er:''' Why put a relic in there? Because... Having it in a box is more convenient.
::'''Bao'er:''' I padded the box with some clothes to protect it from damage. Please, help me find it as quickly as you can.
:{{DIcon}} What kind of relic?
::'''Bao'er:''' It's, uh... It's just a very precious relic. Ugh, you wouldn't understand even if I tried to explain it.
::'''Bao'er:''' Only an expert like me can tell its true value. Please, help me find it as quickly as you can.

;(Talk to Bao'er again)
:'''Bao'er:''' Come on, where is it...
:{{DIcon}} What does the package look like?
:; (Same as above)
:{{DIcon}} What kind of relic?
:; (Same as above)
----
;(After investigating the north area)
:'''Paimon:''' Guess it's not here. Let's keep looking.

;(After investigating the south area)
:;(Obtain [[Dropped Package]])
:'''Paimon:''' This must be the package. Let's take it back.
----
;(Return to Bao'er)
:'''Bao'er:''' Found it yet?
:{{DIcon}} Is this it?
:'''Bao'er:''' Let me see... No, I&mdash;I don't think so... Feels too light, it's definitely not that relic inside...
:'''Bao'er:''' But thanks anyway. I'll keep looking by myself.
:'''Bao'er:''' Where did I lose it...

===Box of Gadgets===
;(Talk to Bao'er)
:'''Bao'er:''' I can't find it anywhere...
:{{DIcon}} What did you lose this time...
:'''Bao'er:''' Oh, this time I haven't lost anything yet – I'm still looking for it! But I can't find it anywhere...
:'''Bao'er:''' Where could it be? After all the effort I've gone to confirm its whereabouts...
:'''Bao'er:''' Help me search for it, would you? We can't let something like this stay lost!
:{{DIcon}} Alright...
::'''Bao'er:''' Okay, you take that side, I'll take this side.
::'''Bao'er:''' We have to find it!
:{{DIcon}} What kind of relic is it this time?
::'''Bao'er:''' It's... uh, it's an... It's really ancient, anyway! Dates back a thousand&mdash; no, all the way back to the Archon War, in fact.
::'''Bao'er:''' Basically, it's a very precious relic and it simply cannot stay lost! So help me find it.

;(Talk to Bao'er again)
:'''Bao'er:''' I can't find it anywhere...
:{{DIcon}} What kind of relic is it this time?
:'''Bao'er:''' It's... uh, it's an... It's really ancient, anyway! Dates back a thousand&mdash; no, all the way back to the Archon War, in fact.
:'''Bao'er:''' Basically, it's a very precious relic and it simply cannot stay lost! So help me find it.
----
;(Upon approaching the designated area)
:'''Paimon:''' Over there! Someone's being attacked!
:'''Paimon:''' We gotta go help them!
----
;(Talk to Soraya)
:'''Soraya:''' Thank you, Traveler! That was terrifying... the Treasure Hoarders are such savages these days.
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
:'''Soraya:''' I'm Soraya, a visiting scholar. I'm actually doing some research as we speak.
:'''Soraya:''' A few days ago I followed a trail of clues to a ruin, where I found a jade plate that recorded details from the Archon War.
:'''Soraya:''' But I was ambushed by the Treasure Hoarders on my way out. I tried to run away, but they caught up with me...
:'''Soraya:''' If not for you, both I and the jade plate would have been in big trouble. So thanks again.
:{{DIcon}} You're a scholar, too?
:'''Soraya:''' ...You mean, you've met other scholars around here? Like who?
:'''Soraya:''' Bao'er...? Wait a second... Just now, when I was ambushed by the Treasure Hoarders, I heard someone complaining about Bao'er hogging all the treasure.
:'''Soraya:''' What a strange coincidence... Could you tell me a little more about the Bao'er you met?
:{{DIcon}} Here's what I remember...
:'''''You give Soraya a detailed account of the situation with Bao'er.'''''
:'''Soraya:''' ...Hmm. The locations Bao'er pointed out to you are the same ones I was targeting. Maybe this coincidence is not so coincidental after all...
:'''Soraya:''' If she really is with the Treasure Hoarders, then I suspect they must have been following me around for some time... Hoping to get at some fresh ruin treasure via me.
:'''Soraya:''' Bao'er wanted it all for herself, so she split off from the group and tried to get ahead. But this area is much too big for one person to search, so...
:'''Soraya:''' It seems like she used you, Traveler. And I'll bet that she had her eyes set on this location for a long time &mdash; it's just her comrades and I got there before you did.
:'''Soraya:''' Don't be alarmed, this is still just guesswork. But Bao'er... it's just a suspicious-sounding name. It could just be a fake name, or maybe a codename.
:'''Soraya:''' Traveler, could you throw her off the scent? Whatever happens, this jade plate cannot get into the wrong hands.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Soraya:''' Thank you. Although, she'd probably sense something was up if you went back empty-handed.
::'''Soraya:''' How about this &mdash; here's a little something you can give her instead.
:{{DIcon}} If I return empty-handed, she'll get suspicious...
::'''Soraya:''' Good point... In that case, take this. It's nothing of anything value, really.
:'''Soraya:''' Barely enough for her to make a profit on. But hopefully enough to avoid her suspicion for now.
:'''Soraya:''' Okay, you'd best get back. You may have just beaten the living daylights out of her comrades, but if she's traveling alone she shouldn't get word of it right away.
:'''Soraya:''' Oh, and if you find something on any of her future treasure hunts, you can bring it to me. I'm usually at the [[Wangshu Inn]].
:'''Soraya:''' *sigh* ...I might not be good for a lot of things, but if I can keep a historical relic safe then at least that's something.
:;(Obtain A Box of Gadgets)

;(Talk to Soraya again)
:'''Soraya:''' Fortunately, the jade plate is undamaged.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you just give it to them?
::'''Soraya:''' A relic should be for scholars to study, for artists to take inspiration from, for people to admire in an exhibition...
::'''Soraya:''' It must never be given to thieves to sell for petty cash. As well as dishonoring a precious relic, it's trampling all over history.
::'''Soraya:''' I refuse to back down before people who treat history, and its relics, like trash.
:{{DIcon}} I want to know more about the jade plate.
::'''Soraya:''' Oh, it's piqued your interest, has it? Well answer me this &mdash; are you interested in its cultural value, or its monetary value?
::'''Soraya:''' I'm joking. This jade plate records an event from the Archon War &mdash; a clash of clans, if I'm not mistaken.
::'''Soraya:''' If I can decipher it, maybe I can fill in some of the gaps in [[Sumeru Akademiya]]'s records.
::'''Soraya:''' Or maybe those gaps have been filled in already, I'm just not allowed to know about them...
----
;(Talk to Bao'er)
:'''Bao'er:''' What took you so long? Did you find anything?
:{{DIcon}} I found this.
::'''Bao'er:''' Huh... It's not bad, but... It doesn't look anything like the one I was looking for.
::'''Bao'er:''' Still, a relic is a relic, so I'll take care of it. Don't worry, I'll see it gets put to good use.
:{{DIcon}} Is this what you were looking for?
::'''Bao'er:''' It's a nice item, but not the one I was looking for.
::'''Bao'er:''' Wait, you don't know how to take proper care of relics, do you? You might damage it.
::'''Bao'er:''' Best if I take care of it. I'll make sure it's put to good use.
:'''Bao'er:''' Thanks for your help. In return, take these.
:'''Bao'er:''' *sigh* But that other lost relic, I hope it's okay...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Lost Relic
|zhs     = 「遗落」的文物
|zhs_rm  = "Yíluò" de Wénwù
|zht     = 「遺落」的文物
|zht_rm  = "Yíluò" de Wénwù
|zh_tl   = The "Left-Behind" Relic
|ja      = 「紛失」された文物
|ja_rm   = "Funshitsu"-sareta Bunbutsu
|ja_tl   = "Lost" Products of Civilization
|ko      = 「분실된」 유물
|ko_rm   = "Bunsildoen" Yumul
|ko_tl   = "Lost" Relic
|es      = Reliquias abandonadas
|es_tl   = Abandoned Relics
|fr      = Objet perdu
|fr_tl   = Lost Item
|ru      = Потерянная реликвия
|ru_tl   = The Lost Relic
|th      = วัตถุโบราณที่หายไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Lost Relic
|vi      = Văn Vật Bị Thất Lạc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das „verlorene“ Relikt
|de_tl   = The "Lost" Relic
|id      = Relik yang Hilang
|id_tl   = Lost Relic
|pt      = A Relíquia Perdida
|pt_tl   = The Lost Relic
|tr      = Kayıp Yadigar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La reliquia perduta
|it_tl   = The Lost Relic
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}

[[es:Reliquias abandonadas]]
[[pt-br:A Relíquia Perdida]]
[[ru:Потерянная реликвия]]