{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 21027
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission The Little Pirate Goes Out to Sea.png
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Troubles Traveling Through Tributaries
|next          = The Littlest Journey: Non-Emergency Food
|next2         = The Littlest Journey: Means of Self-Defense?
|next3         = The Littlest Journey: Medicine On-Hand
|requirement   = Complete [[Troubles Traveling Through Tributaries]]
|summary       = 
|other         = *Completing this commission grants the achievement ''[[Prelude to the Journey]]''.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Little Meng; Chef Mao; Paimon; Traveler
|npc           = Little Meng
}}
'''''The Little Pirate Goes Out to Sea''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Little Meng]]
# Teach Little Meng how to cook
# Give the (Jueyun Chili/Sweet Flower/Slime Condensate) to Little Meng

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this commission for the first time will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Prelude to the Journey]]''.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Little Meng's problems seem to have been solved...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' You're just in time, Traveler! I was just looking for you!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What's up, Little Meng?
:'''Little Meng:''' Do you remember when I asked you to help me send a drifting bottle downriver with my worries in it?
:'''Little Meng:''' I honestly wasn't holding out much hope...
:'''Little Meng:''' But then, one of my father's business partners came looking for him a few days ago.
:'''Little Meng:''' He said that they're currently looking to get into the mushroom business, and are planning to go to [[Sumeru]] to survey the market.
:'''Little Meng:''' So they wanted to ask my dad if he wanted to go with them.
:'''Little Meng:''' They even said they could take me along!
:'''Little Meng:''' Dad didn't agree at first, but one of his friends pulled out a letter and asked to speak privately with him.
:'''Little Meng:''' They talked for a while, and after that, Dad said that I could go with him to Sumeru...
:'''Little Meng:''' Well,  I don't know why he changed his mind so suddenly, but...
:'''Little Meng:''' I can go to Sumeru now! We're going to Sumeru! Woohoo!
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations!
::'''Little Meng:''' It must be that drifting bottle we sent, I just know it! Thank you so much, Traveler!
:{{DIcon}} Y'know, I might be going to Sumeru myself.
::'''Little Meng:''' Really? Then let's meet there!
:'''Little Meng:''' Dad said that after going to Sumeru, they'll also go to a place called [[Qiaoying Village]].
:{{DIcon}} Qiaoying Village?
:'''Little Meng:''' Yup. Dad says it's a tea village where they plant lots of tea trees that produce super high-quality tea leaves. The name's a bit of a toughie, though...
:'''Little Meng:''' Well, but let's put that aside for now. We'll need to get to Sumeru first.
:'''Little Meng:''' It's really far from here, so it's going to take a while for us to get there.
:'''Little Meng:''' But I've heard people say that traveling requires a lot of preparations, since you could encounter all kinds of situations on the way.
:'''Little Meng:''' You're a frequent traveler, so... could you teach me a few tricks for life on the road?
:'''Little Meng:''' Like uh...
:'''Little Meng:''' Like, what do you usually eat when you're out traveling?
:'''Little Meng:''' Dad says that they would always eat stuff they made themselves. But I only know a few simple dishes, and I don't know if I can do them well or not...
:'''Paimon:''' Ohohoho! Cooking! Now that's something we're experts at, huh, (traveler's name)?
:{{DIcon}} That's right. I can teach you.
:{{DIcon}} That's right. Leave it to me!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, then Paimon thinks we should go look for a stove-top somewhere...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Hmm, why don't we borrow [[Chef Mao]]'s kitchen?
:'''Little Meng:''' Chef Mao? Uhh... Isn't he pretty scary most of the time?
:'''Paimon:''' Chef Mao? Scary? He's a great guy!
:'''Little Meng:''' R&mdash;really? But every time Dad and I eat there, he'd scrunch up his eyebrows whenever I'd pick the [[Qingxin]] out of my dish and not eat it...
----
;(Approach Chef Mao)
:'''Chef Mao:''' Oh, if it isn't the Traveler and Little Meng! Do you need anything?
:'''Little Meng:''' Eh? I, uh, um... Traveler...
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to borrow your kitchen, please.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Sure, but that's a little sudden of you...

:'''''You recount the reasons for borrowing the kitchen...'''''

:'''Chef Mao:''' Oh. Is that how it is... Alright, use it as you please.
:'''Chef Mao:''' Little Meng, remember not to be picky with your food while you're out traveling.
:'''Little Meng:''' I&mdash;I got it...
:'''Little Meng:''' Traveler, please teach me how to make something really tasty.
:'''Little Meng:''' I'd like to give Dad a surprise while we're on the road.
:'''Paimon:''' You got it!
:'''Paimon:''' Now then, (Traveler) what shall we make?
:{{DIcon}} [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]].
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, that's an adventurer classic!
:{{DIcon}} [[Satisfying Salad]].
::'''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm. Simple and good.
:{{DIcon}} [[Sweet Madame]].
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, delicious! But Paimon wonders if it might be too difficult...
:'''Little Meng:''' Wow, this recipe is so detailed... So many words...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. You know what? Paimon gets the feeling that it won't be quite a pleasant surprise if it's this simple.
:'''Little Meng:''' Eh? Then what should we do?
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we... add some unique ingredients into the mix?
:'''Paimon:''' What should we add though?
:{{DIcon}} [[Jueyun Chili]]s.
::'''Paimon:''' Gonna put the spice into culinary life, eh? Sounds great!
::'''Paimon:''' Long-distance travel tires people out, so a little spice can help keep people alert.
::'''Paimon:''' Alright then! Let's go find ourselves some Jueyun Chilis!
:{{DIcon}} [[Sweet Flower]]s.
::'''Paimon:''' Gonna make this dish just a little sweeter, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' Sweet foods really do lift one's spirits.
::'''Paimon:''' Let's go find ourselves a few Sweet Flowers!
:{{DIcon}} [[Slime Condensate]]!
::'''Paimon:''' Aw yeah! Paimon's favorite!
::'''Little Meng:''' Uh, can Slime Condensate really be used to create meals?
::'''Paimon:''' Oooof course they can! We even know [[Xiangling|a master chef]] who uses Slime Condensate in her cooking!
::'''Paimon:''' Woohoo! Time to go look for some Slime Condensate!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehehe... Paimon's looking forward to this one!
:'''Little Meng:''' I'm counting on you Traveler. I need to read this recipe carefully...
:'''Little Meng:''' Wow, there's... so many words... Uh, how do I read this one again?
----
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' Have you found our new ingredient, Traveler?
:;(Opens item select menu)
:'''Little Meng:''' That should be all. Alright then, Traveler. I'm ready to receive your instruction.

:'''''You start to teach Little Meng how to cook...'''''

:'''Little Meng:''' Aaaand that's a wrap!
;(If Slime Condensate was chosen)
::'''Paimon:''' Uh-oh. Where did we go wrong?
::'''Paimon:''' Did we put too much Slime Condensate in?
;(If Jueyun Chili or Sweet Flower was chosen)
::'''Paimon:''' This dish looks pretty good. You've got talent, Little Meng!
:'''Paimon:''' In conclusion, it's all about getting the basics down &mdash; everything after that is practice, practice, practice!
:'''Little Meng:''' Yup! I'll practice hard for sure! Thank you, Traveler!
:'''Little Meng:''' Sumeru... Hehe, I can't wait!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Little Pirate Goes Out to Sea
|zhs     = 小海盗，要出海！
|zhs_rm  = Xiǎo Hǎidào, Yào Chūhǎi!
|zht     = 小海盜，要出海！
|zht_rm  = Xiǎo Hǎidào, Yào Chūhǎi!
|zh_tl   = Little Pirate, Wants to Go Out to Sea!
|ja      = 小さい海賊、海に出る！
|ja_rm   = Chiisai Kaizoku, Umi ni Dero!
|ja_tl   = Little Pirate, Go Out to Sea!
|ko      = 꼬마 해적, 출항!
|ko_rm   = Kkoma Haejeok, Chulhang!
|ko_tl   = The Little Pirate, Let's Go!
|es      = ¡Pirata preparado para zarpar!
|es_tl   = Pirate Ready to Set Sail!
|fr      = Petit pirate, hissez ho !
|fr_tl   = Little Pirate, Hoist Up!
|ru      = Маленький пират выходит в море!
|ru_tl   = The Little Pirate Goes Out to Sea!
|th      = โจรสลัดน้อยจะออกทะเล!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hải Tặc Muốn Ra Khơi!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der kleine Pirat will in See stechen!
|de_tl   = The Little Pirate Wants to Go Out to the Sea!
|id      = Bajak Laut, Angkat Sauh!
|id_tl   = Pirate, Anchors Aweigh!
|pt      = O Piratinha Vai Para o Mar!
|pt_tl   = The Little Pirate Goes to Sea!
|tr      = Minik Korsan Denize Açılır
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il piccolo pirata è pronto a salpare
|it_tl   = The Little Pirate Is Ready to Set Sail
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}