{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71101
|type          = World
|image         = World Quest The Tales Behind the Fan.png
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = [[Interlude Chapter]]: Act II - [[Perilous Trail]] and [[Historia Antiqua Chapter]]: Act II - [[No Mere Stone]]
|rewards       = A Dragon's Wondrous Sight*1
|characters    = Iron Tongue Tian; Paimon; Traveler; Zhongli
}}
'''''The Tales Behind the Fan''''' is a [[World Quest]] in Liyue.

==Steps==
# Walk around [[Liyue Harbor]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* In [[Version 2.7]], the quest item "[[Archaic Stone]]" would abnormally disappear after completing this quest. This was fixed in [[Version 2.8]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After returning from The Chasm, you decide to take a walk in the city...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter Liyue Harbor)
:'''Paimon:''' It's been quite the trip, huh? Let's go down to [[Liyue Harbor]] for a walk to clear our heads a bit, shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' So, {{Traveler}}, do you wanna talk to someone about this?
:'''Paimon:''' We can try our luck and see if we can find the person there!

;(Approach the quest area)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, he really is over there!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Zhongli!
:'''Zhongli:''' Oh, it's you two.
:'''Paimon:''' We came to ask you about something!
:'''Zhongli:''' Would you mind waiting for a moment? I'm currently in the middle of something.
:'''Paimon:''' What are you busy with?
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, to think you managed to return so quickly... What speed!
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Ah, Zhongli, are these your friends? They often come here to look for you.
:'''Zhongli:''' Ah, yes. They are old acquaintances of mine.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Splendid. Since you two are also here, could you help me persuade [[Zhongli]] to sell his [[Archaic Stone]], please?
:'''Paimon:''' Archaic Stone? What would you want one of those for?
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Do you not know? Archaic Stone is highly sought-after now. It's not even a matter of price, for there is barely any supply on the market.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' I was telling stories as usual today, and Zhongli dropped by as usual, too. Somehow we talked about my "[[Through the Eyes of a Dragon]]" &mdash; one of my finest works, if I do say so myself.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, you mean that story.
:{{DIcon}} I love to go back over it from time to time.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' It's a good one, isn't it? Hehe, Zhongli also says that my storytelling is superb.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' At first, I thought he was just an erudite gentleman who knew a lot about folk culture. But as it turns out, he's also well-versed in history and mythology. So, now I often trouble him with the various questions I've got.
:'''Zhongli:''' The pleasure is all mine.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Don't be so modest! You've helped me a lot! But come to think of it, the act of chatting is pleasurable only because you're talking to the right person. Zhongli, for instance, is a good chatting companion with many fantastic ideas and  &mdash; to be honest &mdash; lots of far-fetched theories too, haha!
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' There was this one time when I told him, "See, my story first tells of how [[Rex Lapis]] carved [[Azhdaha]] out of a magical rock and then elaborates on how they fought side-by-side across the four corners of the world. Isn't that just mesmerizing?"
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Yet he said: "The story is a true masterpiece save for some inaccurate details. According to some researchers, Rex Lapis may not have possessed the skills required to create such a work of craftsmanship."
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' What a bummer! And there was also another time when I told him about the serpent of Qingce Village. He didn't buy the story at all, saying it was too good to be true for the serpent to transform into a beautiful landscape.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Hmm, I wonder if too much knowledge can stifle imagination? What a shame that someone as well-cultured as Zhongli should fail to appreciate the aesthetics of artistic creation.
:'''Zhongli:''' I can hardly object to your criticism. I shall keep it in mind.
:'''Zhongli:''' But your stories are always marked by wild imaginations. I just point out what I notice as an ordinary listener and hope that it might be of use to you.
:'''Zhongli:''' Since storytelling requires a sharp mind, I am sure a storyteller such as you can certainly understand where I'm coming from &mdash; those are the heartfelt reactions from a devoted audience member.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' You're right! I know your good intentions. You want me to become the best storyteller in Liyue Harbor, right?
:{{DIcon}} (I don't think you quite get it...)
:{{DIcon}} (He just means to say that the details in your stories aren't correct...)
:'''Paimon:''' Why are we talking about stories here? What has this gotta do with the Archaic Stone?
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Ah, yes, back on topic, back on top. So, I told "Through the Eyes of a Dragon" again the other day.
:'''Paimon:''' Aren't you ever worried that your audience will get bored if you always tell the same story?
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Some stories are worth being told time after time, forever and ever!
:'''Zhongli:''' His stories are meant to be told repeatedly. It takes time and creativity to come up with new plots, after all.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Ah, see? Zhongli really gets me. Anyway, that day, a miner &mdash; the leader of a mining crew &mdash; was out for work and happened to pass by while I was telling the story. He told me...
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Well, do you know about [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]]? There's a type of incredibly beautiful stone to be found in that place. Such stones have a faint and exquisite luster.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' You can find them somewhere in a long and winding tunnel in The Chasm. Hmm, what did he say... I think "tunnel" is the word he used, right?
:'''Zhongli:''' You could probably say that.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Huh, The Chasm must be quite the mysterious place, if even someone as well-traveled as Zhongli has never been there.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' I guess that's got to be because no one was allowed to go in until recently when mining operations resumed &mdash; and I only heard about that from others.
:'''Zhongli:''' Ah, yes, indeed.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' The miner said that the stone springs forth within a tunnel. No one knows who built it. All they know is that the tunnel meanders forward as if created by someone dragging something colossal down.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' The sheer view of it is most awe-inspiring, apparently! Some say that the place might have perhaps been an ancient battlefield.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' But who fought there? We may never know. So I thought that Rex Lapis and Azhdaha could have fought there.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Actually, I've been working on a new story lately. It'd be nice if I could put this plot into it, so I thought!
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' So I invited Zhongli over to ask for his ideas, and to my surprise, he is in possession of an Archaic Stone. He said he bought it from a merchant at the market.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' He's got good taste, and he wouldn't miss a true treasure. I was thinking that the stone could make an ideal testament to my story, so if Zhongli doesn't object, I'd like to purchase the stone as a memento.
:'''Paimon:''' Zhongli, are you really gonna sell him the stone?
:'''Zhongli:''' Yes. Tian is an ingenious storyteller, and I enjoy his stories very much. It's my pleasure to be able to contribute to his creation.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh!?
:'''Zhongli:''' That said, if I sold him the stone, it would undermine the credibility of his story. As we have discussed before, Rex Lapis sealed Azhdaha underground.
:'''Zhongli:''' According to experts, there are many caves and mining tunnels in The Chasm. It would be a constant disturbance to people there if Azhdaha really was sealed there. Would Rex Lapis not have considered that?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, that makes sense!
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' You're right... Rex Lapis wouldn't have done something so careless.
:{{DIcon}} Yup, that's a good point.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' *sigh* To be honest, I'd wanted to exchange my favorite folding fan for Zhongli's Archaic Stone...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? There's an illustration on it...
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' I love to have this fan in hand while telling "Through the Eyes of a Dragon." Upon it is drawn a dragon soaring into the skies, its body free to roam the world and its spirit unbound to aim high. It's an inspiring view.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... This sorta fan's really rare. Y'know, even Paimon wants it now.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Don't we have an Archaic Stone too?
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' R&mdash;Really!? Then would you mind giving it to me? You can have my folding fan!
:'''Zhongli:''' Might I have a word? The Archaic Stone is precious indeed, and your folding fan is also a work of art. I would advise against exchanging them as you would ordinary goods.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' W&mdash;Well, if you say so... Actually, you know, I have more than one such fan...
:'''Zhongli:''' You drew the illustrations on them, and that already makes them special. Anyone who enjoys your storytelling will rejoice if they were given such a generous gift.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Really? Hmm, you're right. I truly am fortunate to have devoted listeners who understand my stories, and I couldn't ask for more than that, could I? To be honest, I made these fans so that I could one day gift them to like-minded audiences.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' And you certainly are such audiences, so they were always meant to be yours. Please wait here for me to fetch them.
:{{Black Screen|Iron Tongue Tian quickly fetches two folding fans and gifts them to you and Zhongli...}}
:{{DIcon}} Can I really keep this?
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Of course. You are my audience, and that makes you a worthy recipient. Besides, I've made several such fans. So, don't worry, just take it.
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' And Zhongli, there's no need to be formal with me either! It's just a hand-made fan. I hope it's not too meager a gift for you.
:'''Zhongli:''' ...
:'''Zhongli:''' I'll gladly take it. Thank you.
:'''Zhongli:''' An exquisite work of art indeed. It is truly something worth treasuring.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, right! Actually, we came to ask Zhongli about something. Can we talk to him for a moment?
:'''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Ah, have I taken up too much of your time? Oh dear. Well then, please, go ahead.
:'''Zhongli:''' There is no need to apologize. You have my gratitude.

:'''Paimon:''' Zhongli, were you at The Chasm? And you saved us too, didn't you?
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' [[Xiao]] also said that he wouldn't have been able to escape without your help.
:'''Zhongli:''' Oh? Did he say so? Interesting.
:'''Zhongli:''' How time flies &mdash; even he has learned to open up to others.
:'''Paimon:''' So, what were you doing at The Chasm?
:'''Zhongli:''' Hmm? Was I at The Chasm? How curious. I must admit that this is the first time that I'm hearing of such a thing.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!? Stop playing dumb!
:'''Zhongli:''' Haha, why would I "play dumb"? Hmm, this fan is of high quality indeed.
:'''Paimon:''' Zhongli!?
:'''Zhongli:''' ...Now that I am on vacation, I just take my time and walk around. I'd say that anything I run into is a happenstance of fate, for which I shall take no credit.
:'''Zhongli:''' Come to think of it, it's nice to travel to different places and witness many things in this vast world. They always bring old memories back.
:{{DIcon}} Do you miss the past?
:'''Zhongli:''' Not at all. I'm a mortal now, and being mortal means living in the present.
:'''Zhongli:''' A dragon soaring into the skies, its body free to roam the world and its spirit unbound to aim high... Most inspiring indeed.
:'''Zhongli:''' With much to be perceived in the four corners of the world and much to marvel at amongst mountains and waters, I believe I must travel still more in the future.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Tales Behind the Fan
|zhs     = 扇底春秋
|zhs_rm  = Shàn Dǐ Chūnqiū
|zht     = 扇底春秋
|zht_rm  = Shàn Dǐ Chūnqiū
|zh_tl   = Years Under the Fan
|ja      = 扇底春秋
|ja_rm   = Sentei Shunjuu{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Years Under the Fan
|ko      = 부채 너머의 이야기
|ko_rm   = Buchae Neomeo-ui Iyagi
|ko_tl   = The Story Behind the Fan
|es      = La leyenda del abanico
|es_tl   = The Legend of the Fan
|fr      = Brise de printemps sous un éventail
|fr_tl   = Breeze of Spring Under a Fan
|ru      = Ход времён под сенью веера
|ru_tl   = Flow of Times Under the Fan's Shade
|th      = พัดงามใต้ฤดูกาล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Thế Gian|世間}} Dưới Phiến Quạt
|vi_tl   = The World Under the Fan
|de      = Geschichte unter dem Faltfächer
|de_tl   = Stories under the Folding Fan
|id      = Dua Musim dalam Kipas
|id_tl   = Two Seasons Inside the Fan
|pt      = Primavera e Outono de um Leque
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hayranın Hikayeleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Racconti dietro al ventaglio
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

[[ja:扇底春秋]]
[[ru:Ход времён под сенью веера]]