{{Enemy Infobox
|type     = Event Bosses
|image    = Enemy The Call of Ice and Thunder.png
|family   = Bathysmal Vishaps
|element  = Cryo
|element2 = Electro
|ability1 = Fury
|ability2 = Energy Drain
}}
'''The Call of Ice and Thunder''' is an [[Event Boss]] variant of the [[Coral Defenders]] challenge, first appearing in the [[Three Realms Gateway Offering]] event.

==Stats==
{{Transclude|Coral Defenders|Stats}}

==Abilities and Attacks==
The Vishaps in the Call of Ice and Thunder challenge gain much of the same abilities as the Coral Defenders. However, both Vishaps can perform most attacks.
*'''Cleansing Shower:''' Forms an orb within their mouth and launches it at the player. On hit, the orb deals '''5% ATK''' as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}} and drains 30 [[Energy]] from the active character. If the active character has less than 30 Energy, the rest of the drain is converted to {{Color|Black|True DMG}} which ignores [[shields]]. This drain appears to scale the less HP the current character has.
*'''Assist:''' If a wall is intact, the Bolteater Vishap climbs up a wall and repeatedly launches '''Cleansing Shower''' orbs at the player. Orbs launched this way have the same Energy or HP draining effects, although with a minor homing property and a slower travel speed.
**Destroying the wall will cause the vishap to fall, temporarily incapacitating it.
*'''Spike Field:''' One of the vishaps plugs its tail into the ground, creating a large field, within which ice shards or Electro Energy frequently spike from the ground at random locations, dealing '''60% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|AoE Electro DMG}}. If a player is within the field, a spike will appear at the player's exact location every 2 seconds up to three times.
**Unlike the regular Coral Defenders challenge, both the Bolteater and the Rimebiter can use this attack.
*'''Spinning Sweep:''' Curls up and quickly spins, dealing '''30% ATK * 2''' as {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|AoE Electro DMG}}.
*'''Homing Shards:''' Shoots three shards from the tip of their tails, which home towards the player at high speed, dealing '''30% ATK''', '''15% ATK''', '''7.5% ATK''' respectively as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
*'''Leap:''' Leaps to reposition, dealing {{Color|AoE Physical DMG}} upon landing.
*'''Rapid Fire:''' The vishaps connect their tails and fire a barrage of alternating {{Cryo}} and {{Electro}} shards at the player, each dealing '''20% ATK''' or '''10% ATK''' as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
*'''Double Beams:''' Both vishaps join their tails at the center of the arena, forms a circular field below them that randomly and rapidly deals '''100% ATK''', '''50% ATK''', '''25% ATK''', '''10% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Cryo DoT}} and {{Color|AoE Electro DoT}} simultaneously, and each fires a laser beam from its mouth, raking across the arena, randomly and rapidly dealing '''100% ATK''', '''50% ATK''', '''25% ATK''', '''10% ATK''' as {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}} to players caught in the beam and destroying all walls in the process.
*'''Sentou Area:''' A bright circular area will move slowly across the arena. While within this area, the [[Bokuso Box]] will continuously gain energy.
*'''Berserk State:''' Several concentrations of darkness spawn periodically across the arena in the form of orbs, which can be cleared using the Bokuso Box. The Vishaps may consume concentrations of darkness to gain full [[Fury]] and enter the Berserk State. While in the Berserk State, the Vishaps will periodically release large shockwaves around themselves, dealing {{Color|True AoE Physical DMG}}. Using the Bokuso Box next to a Vishap will reduce their Fury by 20%, and the Berserk State will end early if Fury is reduced to 0.
*'''Revival:''' A visible link connects the two Vishaps. If one Vishap's HP reaches 0 and the other Vishap is not defeated within the next 10 seconds, the defeated Vishap will be revived with 40% of its Max HP.

===Preview===
{{Preview
|size=185px
|file1    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower
|caption1 = Cleansing Shower

|file2    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower Energy Drain
|caption2 = Cleansing Shower (Energy Drain)

|file3    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Cleansing Shower HP Drain
|caption3 = Cleansing Shower (HP Drain)

|file4    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Assist
|caption4 = Assist

|file5    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Assist Incapacitated
|caption5 = Assist (Incapacitated)

|file6    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spike Field Rimebiter
|caption6 = Spike Field ({{Color|Cryo|Rimebiter}})

|file7    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spike Field Bolteater
|caption7 = Spike Field ({{Color|Electro|Bolteater}})

|file8    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spinning Sweep
|caption8 = Spinning Sweep ({{Color|Cryo|Rimebiter}})

|file9    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Spinning Sweep Bolteater
|caption9 = Spinning Sweep ({{Color|Electro|Bolteater}})

|file10    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Homing Shards Rimebiter
|caption10 = Homing Shards ({{Color|Cryo|Rimebiter}})

|file11    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Homing Shards
|caption11 = Homing Shards ({{Color|Electro|Bolteater}})

|file12    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Rapid Fire
|caption12 = Rapid Fire

|file13    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Double Beams
|caption13 = Double Beams

|file14    = The Call of Ice and Thunder Sentou Area
|caption14 = Sentou Area

|file15    = The Call of Ice and Thunder Berserk State
|caption15 = Berserk State

|file16    = Bathysmal Vishap Herd Soul Link
|caption16 = Revival
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Call of Ice and Thunder
|zhs     = 冰呼雷啸
|zhs_rm  = Bīng Hū Léi Xiào
|zht     = 冰呼雷嘯
|zht_rm  = Bīng Hū Léi Xiào
|zh_tl   = Calling Ice, Roaring Thunder
|ja      = 氷呼雷鳴
|ja_rm   = Hyouko Raimei
|ja_tl   = Calling Ice, Roaring Thunder
|ko      = 울부짖는 빙뢰
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Aullido de hielo y truenos
|es_tl   = Howl of Ice and Thunder
|fr      = Appel de la glace et du tonnerre
|fr_tl   = Call of Ice and Thunder
|ru      = Зов льда и грома
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เสียงเรียกแห่งน้ำแข็งและสายฟ้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Băng Vang Sấm Rền
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Donnergrollen im Schneesturm
|de_tl   = Rolling Thunder within a Snow Storm
|id      = Panggilan Es dan Guntur
|id_tl   = Call of Ice and Thunder
|pt      = O Chamado do Gelo e Trovão
|pt_tl   = The Call of Ice and Thunder
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|special}}

[[pt-br:O Chamado do Gelo e Trovão]]