{{Act Infobox
|image          = True Tales of the Violet Garden Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = True Tales of the Violet Garden
|actNum         = I
|next           = What the Blue Flowers Left Behind
|ARReq          = 30
|event_name     = Hues of the Violet Garden
}}
'''The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture''' is the first act of [[True Tales of the Violet Garden]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Festive Elegance]]
* [[The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture (Quest)|The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture]]

==Summary==
Arriving in [[Inazuma City]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] meet with [[Katheryne]] who explains that she has summoned them for a designated commission in their names. The commission was made by [[Yae Miko]] and they could find her at the [[Yae Publishing House]].

When they arrive, Yae dismisses her team for preparations before greeting the pair. She explains that she is organizing the Irodori Festival, a celebration of the poets known as [[The Five Kasen]] with a modern twist as the [[Sakoku Decree]] had been lifted; her twist being to increase the reputation of her business and feature the popular literature of today, namely light novels, and help reintroduce Inazuma's culture to the world by making the festival an international affair. The festival gets Paimon's interest, prompting the Traveler to agree and go to [[Ritou]]. Once there, they run into [[Kamisato Ayato]], who's helping Miko with the festival as head of the [[Yashiro Commission]]. He explains that the festival will have guests from other nations, and they need someone who is well-traveled and familiar with Inazuma to be the official greeters and guides for their foreign guests and can easily see to their needs. Before the two leave to carry on their extremely busy schedules for the festival, Ayato gives the Traveler the [[Arrival Schedule]] for their guests' ships at Ritou's harbor.

The next day, the Traveler arrives at the docks to greet the first ship from [[Mondstadt]]. Some bards initially disembark, although [[Venti]] was not among them as Paimon was somewhat expecting, then [[Albedo]], who was invited as a special guest and brought [[Klee]] along as a dependent. The Traveler guides them to their lodgings at the [[International Trade Association]] when Albedo remarks that Mr. [[Hirayama]] is missing. He explains to the Traveler that he was supposed to be his publishing house contact for the Five Kasen, as he was invited to paint the poets' portraits. The Traveler then recalls that the editors would be at the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]] and takes him there, while Klee is to stay in their quarters to get some proper rest.

At the agency, the editors are in panic and try to hide it from Albedo and the Traveler, but Albedo's deductions cause them to reveal what happened. The volume of the latest ''[[A Legend of Sword]]'' by author Zhenyu had gone missing, so the editors were intending to return to the city to print more copies to alleviate some of the impact. At the same time, the locals reported a suspicious individual running around a warehouse and called the [[Tenryou Commission]] to apprehend them. The two agree to help, being aware of Zhenyu's [[Xingqiu|real identity]] and that he would be upset if the books were missing.

On their way to the warehouse, they find [[Kujou Sara]] had caught Venti as a suspicious person entering illegally without his Invitation Pass. Venti explains that he was invited by Ayato, but had gotten too excited and boarded a ship shipping wine to Inazuma when he passed out from excessive drinking and woke up in the crate outside [[Sailing Breeze]], to find Sara glaring at him. Hirayama then asks Venti if he heard anyone in the warehouse, who tells him he didn't hear anything out of the ordinary, and claims he only heard workers. Albedo concludes that whoever stole the books had their sights on them for a while, might have had insider access and worked in a group.

Sara agrees with Albedo's conclusion but reminds Venti he still needs to show his invitation. The Traveler and Albedo quickly deduce that it's in Venti's hat, putting him in the clear. Venti then shows the two a piece of paper he'd found beside him in the crate, regarding Suikou of the Five Kasen, giving Albedo inspiration to finish the painting with Venti as Suikou after a meal together. Venti then suggests waiting for the next paper and/or inspiration to come.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture
|zhs     = 翠庵酩酊疑闻
|zhs_rm  = Cuìān Mǐngdǐng Yíwén
|zht     = 翠庵酩酊疑聞
|zht_rm  = Cuìān Mǐngdǐng Yíwén
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 酔いどれ翠庵の怪しき事件
|ja_rm   = Yoidore Suikou no Ayashiki Jiken
|ja_tl   = The Strange Case of Suikou the Drunkard
|ko      = 취중 취암의 괴이한 사건
|ko_rm   = Chwijung Chwi'am-ui Goe'ihan Sageon
|ko_tl   = The Strange Case of Drunken Suikou
|es      = El cuento de Suikou el borracho
|es_tl   = The Tale of Suikou the Drunkard
|fr      = L'étrange histoire de la teinture d'ivresse de Suikou
|fr_tl   = The Strange Story of Suikou's Dye of Drunkenness
|ru      = Странная история хмельной настойки Суико
|ru_tl   = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture
|th      = เรื่องเล่าประหลาดของขี้เมา Suikou
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Strange Tales of Suikou the Drunkard
|vi      = Câu Chuyện Đáng Ngờ Về Suikou Say Rượu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die mysteriöse Geschichte von Suikou dem Trunkenbold
|de_tl   = The Mysterious Story of Suikou the Drunkard
|id      = Kisah Aneh Si Pemabuk Suikou
|id_tl   = Strange Story of the Drunkard Suikou
|pt      = O Conto de Suikou Bêbado
|pt_tl   = The Tale of Drunk Suikou
|tr      = Suikou'nun Sarhoş Eden Karışımının Garip Hikayesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La strana storia di Suikou l'ubriacone
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[ja:酔いどれ翠庵の怪しき事件]]
[[pt-br:O Conto de Suikou Bêbado]]