{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02016
|image         = Archon Quest C2A3 The Servant's Path.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = III
|act           = Omnipresence Over Mortals
|part          = 4
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kujou Sara; Motosuke; Paimon; Sue Yoshitaka; Traveler; Yae Miko
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = Delusion (Quest)
|next          = Proof of Guilt
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Mora*22,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|3|part=4}}

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Yae Miko]]
#Go to the training area
#Talk to Yae Miko
#Complete the Anti-[[Raiden Shogun]] Training
#*Complete either one of the challenges:
#*Start Challenge
#**The challenge lasts for 70 seconds.
#**Do not get hit more than 10 times.
#**Do not get hit by the finishing move.
#*Activate the Final Challenge
#**The challenge lasts for 90 seconds.
#**Do not get hit more than 3 times.
#**Do not get hit by the finishing move.
#Talk to Yae Miko
#Complete the next phase of your Anti-Raiden Shogun Training
#*Defeat 10 monsters.
#*Start the Challenge to spawn 3 waves of [[Pyro Slimes]], [[Mitachurls]], and [[Hilichurls]].
#Talk to Yae Miko
#Return to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] and talk to Yae Miko

==Gameplay Notes==
* Additional notes for the Anti-Raiden Shogun Training:
** Only one challenge needs to be completed to proceed to the next step.
** The finishing move starts when the timer reaches around 00:10. Destroy any of the devices that spawn at the edge of the area and stay out of the AoE from the other 2 devices.
** Being hit while a Shield is active, or taking damage from other environmental effects such as [[Burning]] or [[Electro-Charged]], will still count towards getting hit.
*** Avoid using {{Pyro}} attacks against the devices, as they will trigger Burning on the grass.
*** If it is [[rain]]ing at the training ground, adjust your in-game [[Time]] until the weather clears to avoid accruing additional hits through Electro-Charged.
** [[Movement Speed]] or [[Stamina]] buffs from [[Anemo Resonance]], character talents, or food may help lower the difficulty of the challenge.
** A possible strategy is to keep running around the stage's perimeter without changing direction or stopping your momentum.
*** Fast means of movement are recommended, such as [[Sayu]]'s [[Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash]], [[Alternative Sprint]], or running as [[:Category:Tall Male Characters|tall male characters]] who have the fastest running speed and dash distance.
** At nighttime, it's easier to see the perimeters of the challenge stage.
* Completing the dialogue with Yae grants the {{Achievement|Though Their Wishes Be Like Morning Dew...}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Blinded by fury, you fall into a trap laid by [[Scaramouche]]. But as you are about to black out, you catch a glimpse of [[Yae Miko]]'s form...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon waking at the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]])
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Repeat after me. "Three, two, one, one, two, three, ahhhh, ahhhh." Come on.
:{{DIcon}} Three, two, one, one, two, three, ahhhh, ahhhh.
::{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 02a.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Okay, that's positive. Your brain seems relatively unscathed, this is good news.
:{{DIcon}} Yae Miko!?
::{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 02b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? You recognized me right away. Your brain seems relatively unscathed, this is good news.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's just as well, really, with the amount of effort it took me to get you back here. Honestly, it was like you were glued to the ground back there.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Miko, [[Paimon]]'s been wanting to ask you about something. How come you're acting so differently from when we first met you?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Am I? Maybe it's because I had the other shrine maidens leave. Anyway, I've always been like this.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' People show you whatever side of themselves they want you to see. I know this for a fact.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Every side of me is the real me. People just like to define things in all sorts of arbitrary ways.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This is a human society &mdash; at the moment, anyway &mdash; and I'm just doing as I please.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon didn't quite follow.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, study humans a while longer, my little friend. You'll see what I mean.
:{{DIcon}} How did you do it?
:{{DIcon}} How did you save me from [[The Balladeer]]?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! Paimon was so focused on the Traveler that Paimon didn't notice what you did to get Scaramouche off our backs...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What if I told you it was a secret art from the Grand Narukami Shrine, and that I had The Balladeer down on his knees begging for mercy in an instant... Would you believe me?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, well, maybe you should be worrying less about that and more about how exactly you are going to thank me... no?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, maybe some of your neural circuitry is less intact than I thought...
:{{DIcon}} Thank you ever so much, Yae-sama.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I didn't mean you had to be so formal about it. I need your actions, not your words, hehe.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The Delusions... they're still on your mind, aren't they?
:{{DIcon}} Yes...
:{{DIcon}} What happened next?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You needn't worry. The leader of [[Watatsumi Island]] took some troops to clear the place out. She's also issued a strict ban on the use of [[Delusions]] across the whole army.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' With their stronghold exposed, I doubt The Balladeer is stubborn enough to try and retaliate now on his colleagues' behalf. It would be more trouble than it's worth.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 42.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, I must say, I would relish the opportunity to watch the Fatui getting a taste of their own medicine...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well anyway, that [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]], she really outdid herself this time. I'd love to have another chat with her again in person, but alas... belief systems can be such a hindrance sometimes.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A hindrance? Should you really be saying that as the guuji of the Grand Shrine!?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Anyway. I'm only telling you this to stop you worrying, so that you can focus... on something I need you to do for me.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need?
:{{DIcon}} So this is why you rescued me?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You've... met her, right?
:{{DIcon}} You mean the Raiden Shogun?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, at the ceremony...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm not talking about the puppet. I mean... her. You've met her, yes?
:{{DIcon}} You mean... inside?
:{{DIcon}} In that... place?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes. The true Raiden Shogun, who meditates endlessly in the [[Plane of Euthymia]] to preserve her being...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Her name is "[[Ei]]."
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you saying that the one we met at the ceremony was just a puppet? And the real Raiden Shogun is the one that the Traveler met later?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And does that mean that when the battlefield changed... so did the opponent?
:{{DIcon}} There were some subtle differences.
:{{DIcon}} But why go to such lengths?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Because this is the Raiden Shogun's eternity.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Before pursuing the eternity of her nation, she had to reach eternity for herself.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Since the physical body will eventually turn to dust, she replaced hers with that of a puppet.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And since the spirit is susceptible to erosion, she placed her consciousness inside her sword, where she remains in a meditative state, free from all disturbances.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, that place that she carved open with her sword...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 26.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The Plane of Euthymia. Essentially, the world inside her mind. A place that typically only allows her existence.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 27.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She shuts herself off in her inner world, leaving all the affairs of the outside world to be dealt with by a puppet who has a singular focus on the pursuit of eternity...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 28.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...This is the approach Ei has come up with for realizing eternity.
:{{DIcon}} Zhongli also mentioned erosion.
:{{DIcon}} It's one reason why he stepped down.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 29.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You mean Morax? It's been a while since I last saw him. A surprising decision by Liyue's archon... what a fascinating god he is.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems like the Raiden Shogun's approach solves the problem Zhongli was facing though...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 30.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, perhaps... or you could take the view that she's acting like a little child, throwing a temper tantrum and locking herself in her room. Don't you think?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 31.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The grand notion of eternity she once held has long since given way to the eternity of her own definition.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 32.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And ultimately, her eternity is defined by fear... the fear of loss.
:{{DIcon}} I'm still not sure what you want me to do.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 33.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The truth is... we are on the same side.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 34.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You want to save the people of Inazuma from the Vision Hunt Decree. So do I. The only difference is that I'd rather like to save this nation and save Ei while we're at it.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 35.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The key is that the Plane of Euthymia represents Ei's inner world. Defeat her there and you may well have the chance to shake the Raiden Shogun's will.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is your plan to abolish the Vision Hunt Decree?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not by talking her out of it, or through an armed resistance, but by uh... hopping inside the Raiden Shogun's inner world?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 36.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You're a fast learner. In short, this is the last chance to get Inazuma back on track. Otherwise, an eternity of darkness awaits.
:{{DIcon}} I still have one question...
:{{DIcon}} Why me?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 37.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't you realize how special you are? Remember, the Plane of Euthymia is a space where only she is allowed to exist. The fact that you could appear there tells us one crucial thing:
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 38.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That you have piqued her interest. Perhaps it's because... she has never seen an individual who is so unpredictable in the face of eternity.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Has no one else ever been in there?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 39.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' None. No one has seen the devotee of eternity since she shut herself away. In fact, no one even knows what it looks like in there.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 40.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Your existence is more than just an opportunity. It's the very key to all of this. To that I say... well done, child, you did not disappoint me after all.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're leaving? Where are you going?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 1 yaemiko 41.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' {{Color|buzz|Anti-Raiden Shogun Training}}. I've prepared a special program, just for you. Come along now.

----

;(Arrive at the training area)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're gonna do it here? And what's this {{Color|buzz|mechanism}} for?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Think of it as a catalyst that can reproduce the Raiden Shogun's combat moves. I made it from my own memory, which means it should be perfectly accurate &mdash; unless of course, her skills have declined.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 2 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It'll give you a chance to figure out her moves in advance and come up with a counter strategy. That should be a big help, don't you think?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The aim is to try not to get hit by the attacks. Since you've escaped certain death at her hand once already, I presume this shouldn't be more than you can handle?

;(Talk to Yae Miko again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq104 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? What's stopping you? Not still traumatized from your last encounter, are you?

----
;(Complete the Anti-Raiden Shogun Training)
----

;(Talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, what a workout...
:{{DIcon}} Is that it?
:{{DIcon}} It was a little challenging.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So how come you know so much about the Raiden Shogun?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, you mean me?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Perhaps it's because... I'm the Electro Archon's familiar.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? Like [[Dvalin]] is to [[Barbatos]]? Never would have guessed by looking at you...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, it sounds like you'd be more persuaded if you saw me in my fox form?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to see that...
:{{DIcon}} Very persuaded indeed!
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In your dreams.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' More curious than my appearance is the fact that she and I don't see each other anymore, wouldn't you say?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "A nation to last for all eternity" is a dream that she and I both share. But I don't think that's the same thing as complete stasis.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' At some point, she started going down a path that became increasingly difficult for me to join her on.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You know, Ei never said goodbye to me before she stepped into the Plane of Euthymia.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Perhaps it's just my wishful thinking, but I think she did this deliberately, as her way of keeping our friendship eternal.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' By neither saying goodbye nor seeing me again, our relationship will remain forever how it was... in her mind, at least.
:{{DIcon}} The Raiden Shogun is the wishful thinker here.
:{{DIcon}} She has taken a very one-sided view.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Since we've embarked on two very different paths to eternity, I can either continue to maintain the status quo or do whatever it takes to bring her back on track, regardless of the cost...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I have chosen the latter because... if stubbornly isolating herself in the Plane of Euthymia is her idea of eternity...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Then my duty as her eternal familiar is to drag her back out of her own head and into the real world.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Miko... you sound like a really great friend.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Heh, I'm only telling you this so you can properly understand my plan. Could you possibly spare the sentimentality for the time being?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Anyway, that's enough chit-chat. Time for {{Color|buzz|Anti-Raiden Shogun Training Phase 2}}.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a part 2!?

;(Talk to Yae Miko again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq104 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If you get hit by the [[Musou no Hitotachi]], that's it. It's game over. I would get training if I were you.

----
;(Complete the next phase of your Anti-Raiden Shogun Training)
----

;(Talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... we're finally done. How did we do?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You did quite admirably. I could see your determination and your hard work.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So do you think we're ready to beat the Raiden Shogun now?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' How do I put this... you're no match for her at all.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what!? So all of this was a complete waste of time!?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. You are the most important part of the plan. I know what I'm doing. You don't think I'd leave you with no chance to win at all, do you?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Speaking of... Traveler, what do you think of the resistance army's chances?
:{{DIcon}} To be honest...
:{{DIcon}} They're no match for her either.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hah, you're absolutely right. Perhaps they occasionally best the Shogun's Army in open battle, but when they face the Raiden Shogun herself...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Considering even their Visions have been taken from them and embedded in the Statue, they are ultimately quite helpless.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You don't have to be so blunt. The Traveler's the captain of Swordfish II, y'know!
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. I don't mean to belittle them. On the contrary...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It is precisely because of their helplessness, because their Visions have been taken from them, that their will is all the more precious.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In short, if everything goes according to plan, they may yet prove to be helpful.
:{{DIcon}} So... what is the plan?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh... goodness, is that the time? I have another guest to receive today. We can talk more back at the {{Color|buzz|Grand Narukami Shrine}}.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All of a sudden you're entertaining guests!? Paimon's really struggling to understand how you work...

----

;(Upon returning to the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Okay, we can talk here. You asked me about the plan &mdash; in fact, I've been mulling it over for quite a long time.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Before one makes a plan, what is the most important thing one must do?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't know, what is it?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You must understand the situation you are facing.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The Vision Hunt Decree was obviously devised as a means of manipulating the Shogun, the ones behind it knowing full well her susceptibility as a puppet with a single-minded focus on eternity.
:{{DIcon}} The Balladeer confirmed this.
:{{DIcon}} The Fatui did it to create the demand for Delusions.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes. This is the strongest piece of evidence we have to go on.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now, we also know that every aspect of the Vision Hunt Decree's promulgation and execution has been enthusiastically spearheaded by the [[Tenryou Commission]] from the outset.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Ayaka]] was saying that every time they submitted a petition against the Vision Hunt Decree, the Tenryou and [[Kanjou Commission]]s would veto it straight away with no negotiation.
:{{DIcon}} The Tenryou Commission is working for the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} The Kanjou Commission betrayed the Shogunate long ago.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes. It's all too clear that both the Tenryou and Kanjou Commissions are in some form of collusion with the Fatui. Hmph, foolish humans, blinded by their greed.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Thus, the current situation is that our Fatui antagonist is still at large, has the two rogue Commissions wrapped around their finger, and is distributing Delusions from the shadows...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Unfortunately, given that said antagonist is under the protection of two Commissions and the Raiden Shogun, we would be rather hard-pressed to track them down.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what should we do?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It will be easier for us to start with someone from Inazuma.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So my plan is... to incite rebellion in the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rebellion? What are you talking about? After everything you just said, it sounds like the Tenryou Commission has rebelled already!
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. When I say rebellion, I don't mean betraying the Shogunate... I mean, inciting a certain someone to betray the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If we manage to convince her, I'm quite sure we'll be able to get you another audience with the Raiden Shogun.
:{{DIcon}} Don't be so coy...
:{{DIcon}} Who is this "certain someone"?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'll give you a clue: She's currently in charge of the Shogun's Army, she visits the shrine at this time every month, and she is our guest today.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She also appears to be standing right behind you.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Don't move a muscle! You've got some nerve showing up here in the shrine when there's an active warrant for your arrest!
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 02b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Don't even think about trying anything. Surrender now, you're coming with me to headquarters. Seize {{MC|him|her|mc=1}}!
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 follower 01.ogg}} '''[[Motosuke]]:''' Affirmative!
;(Kujou Sara and her subordinates walk towards the Traveler)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' K&mdash;Kujou Sara!
;(Her subordinates point their spears at the Traveler)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Uh-uh-uh, it seems that you're forgetting, this is the Grand Narukami Shrine...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Use of force here is strictly forbidden. Before you proceed, which of you would like to face criminal charges for dishonoring the Shogun, hmm?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...Ugh.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Guuji Yae... please tell me you are not sheltering a wanted criminal here?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' We are just friends, I don't see what sheltering has to do with it. Tell your subordinates to leave, we have things to discuss.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' All of you, outside.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 follower 02.ogg}} '''[[Sue Yoshitaka]]:''' As you wish.
;(Motosuke and Sue Yoshitaka leave)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Guuji Yae, I'm a little curious &mdash; does it not also dishonor the Shogun to hide a wanted criminal at her grand shrine?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehehe... You are the same as ever, Kujou Sara. No one can match you when it comes to loyalty to the Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As a servant, loyalty to the Shogun is my duty. And as a warrior, I dedicate my life to following the way of the Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Even though she will one day... seize your Vision, too?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The Vision Hunt Decree is the Shogun's chosen course, and I shall not question it.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* It's tragic... such wholehearted devotion, rendered meaningless by circumstance. Have you been kept in the dark? Or are you the only one left in the light?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Lady Guuji, I need you to be direct. Tell me exactly what you mean.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The Vision Hunt Decree is a trap. Part of a Fatui plot to bring Inazuma to its knees.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And your masters, the Kujou Clan of the Tenryou Commission &mdash; they are the ones keeping the truth from reaching the Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' You're saying the Kujou Clan... betrayed the Shogunate?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Guuji Yae, your allegation is not only dangerous but ridiculous. The [[Tri-Commission]] has served the Shogun since ancient times and remains absolutely loyal to this day.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Ever since I was adopted by the Kujou Clan, I have seen and heard nothing but pure devotion toward the Shogun. At every level of the Tenryou Commission &mdash; especially from the head of the clan, [[Kujou Takayuki]]...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' He reveres the Musou no Hitotachi more than anyone. My own respect for the Shogun pales in comparison to his.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' How could he ever even dream of acting against the Shogun?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Three days... come back here in three days, and I will show you the evidence.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 26.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As a Guuji, there's one thing I know very well: People believe whatever they want to believe. Some things you do not see, simply because you do not wish to look.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 27.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And so... it falls to me to place the truth before your eyes, in all its ugliness.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmph... three days? I'll be here. But if I don't see any evidence, I will demand a formal apology for slandering the Kujou Clan. Also...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 16a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq104 5 kujousara 16b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...{{MC|He|She|mc=1}} will have to come with me.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 5 yaemiko 28.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Wonderful. Then I'll see you in three days. I look forward to it very much.
;(Kujou Sara leaves)
:{{A|vo dqaq104 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was so scary. Paimon wasn't expecting to run into Kujou Sara here...
:{{A|vo dqaq104 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Miko, you mentioned evidence of the Tenryou Commission's betrayal. Is that all in hand and good to go, or...?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 6 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Why are you always asking so many questions? Of course not. I just had to say something because I clearly wasn't convincing her.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... not entirely unexpected.
:{{A|vo dqaq104 6 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As plans go, changing the deity's mind is a huge gamble to begin with. We can't expect to be in control of every last detail when we're facing off against a god, can we?
:{{A|vo dqaq104 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, but what are we gonna do though? We only have three days!
:{{A|vo dqaq104 6 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If we want to get our evidence, we're going to need some help. Now... come with me. We must awaken {{Color|buzz|the professional}}.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Servant's Path
|zhs     = 眷属的践行
|zhs_rm  = Juànshǔ de Jiànxíng
|zht     = 眷屬的踐行
|zht_rm  = Juànshǔ de Jiànxíng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 眷属の践行
|ja_rm   = Kenzoku no Senkou
|ja_tl   = The Follower's Path
|ko      = 권속의 실천
|ko_rm   = Gwonsok-ui Silcheon
|ko_tl   = The Servant's Fulfill
|es      = Un camino familiar
|es_tl   = A Familiar Path
|fr      = Une voie familière
|fr_tl   = A Familiar Path
|ru      = Путь фамильяра
|ru_tl   = A Familiar's Path
|th      = เส้นทางของตระกูล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Path of the Clan
|vi      = Con Đường Của Thân Quyến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Weg des Vertrauten
|de_tl   = The Path of A Trusted
|id      = Jalur yang Tidak Asing
|id_tl   = A Familiar Path
|pt      = Um Caminho Familiar
|pt_tl   = A Familiar Path
|tr      = Hizmetkarın Yolu
|tr_tl   = The Servant's Path
|it      = La via del servitore
|it_tl   = The Servant's Way
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Un camino familiar]]
[[ja:眷属の践行]]
[[pt-br:Um Caminho Familiar]]
[[vi:Con Đường Của Thân Quyến]]