{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72191
|image         = World Quest The Heart of Ouroboros.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Enkanomiya
|subarea       = The Serpent's Heart
|chapter       = From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|startLocation = [[The Serpent's Heart]], [[Enkanomiya]], [[Inazuma]]
|parent        = The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent
|concurrent    = The Trail of Drake and Serpent
|concurrent2   = Dreams in the Gaps
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Heart of Ouroboros''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Enkanomiya]]. It is part of the [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]] quest series.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[The Serpent's Heart|Serpent's Heart]]
# Active the secret message at the altar in the Serpent's Heart
# Solve the riddle at [[The Altar at The Serpent's Heart|the altar]] in the Serpent's Heart
# Obtain the fragment of the [[Reins of Revival Fragment (Serpent's Heart)|Reins of Revival]]

==Walkthrough==
# Go to the navigation target at [[The Serpent's Heart]]
# Use the mechanism towards the north-east to switch to [[Evernight]] if not already in Evernight.
# Head to the center and activate the puzzle.
# Five symbols will light up on the ground with a number associated with each symbol from 1 to 5.
# Walk into each of the five glowing blue wall panels in the ascending numerical order specified by the floor symbols.
# If successful, a chest will appear in the center with the fragment.

===Post-Quest===
After completing this quest, proceed to [[The Trail of Drake and Serpent]] and [[Dreams in the Gaps]] to collect the other two fragments. If all three fragments have been gathered, continue with part 3 of [[The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You decide to head to Serpent's Heart to search for the fragment of the Reins of Revival.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If in Whitenight)
:'''Paimon:''' This.. strange feeling in the air. Is this what Aru called a Sunfire Phantasm?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go closer and have a look. Maybe there's some way to switch this place to Evernight.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/umu6WIDh024?t=891
|caption1 = The Heart of Ouroboros Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = The Heart of Ouroboros
|zhs     = 奥罗巴洛斯之心
|zhs_rm  = Àoluóbāluòsī zhī Xīn
|zht     = 奧羅巴羅斯之心
|zht_rm  = Àoluóbāluòsī zhī Xīn
|ja      = ウロボロスの心
|ja_rm   = Uroborosu no Kokoro
|ko      = 우로보로스의 심장
|ko_rm   = Uroboroseu-ui Simjang
|es      = El Corazón de Ouroboros
|fr      = Le Cœur d'Ouroboros
|ru      = Сердце уробороса
|th      = ดวงใจแห่ง Ouroboros
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Trái Tim Ouroboros
|de      = Das Herz von Ouroboros
|id      = Jantung Ouroboros
|pt      = Coração de Ouroboros
|tr      = Ouroboros'un Kalbi
|it      = Il Cuore di Ouroboros
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
[[es:El Corazón de Ouroboros]]