{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission The Flowers That Won't Grow.png
|npc           = Vardan; Gurgen
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = [[When Flowers Bloom (Commission)|When Flowers Bloom]]
|characters    = Gurgen; Traveler; Vardan
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''The Flowers That Won't Grow''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
; Watering the Roses Version
# Talk to [[Vardan]] and [[Gurgen]]
# Water the roses
#* Apply {{Hydro}} to the roses
# Talk to Vardan and Gurgen

; Special Fertilizer Version
# Talk to Vardan and Gurgen
# Hand 3 [[Harra Fruit]]s to Vardan
# Talk to Vardan and Gurgen

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Herb grower Vardan and his son Gurgen are distressed by something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Vardan, optional)
:'''Vardan:''' (I gotta think of something...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Gurgen, optional)
:'''Gurgen:''' (What's the problem with the rose!)

;(Talk to Gurgen or Vardan)
:'''Gurgen:''' We can't go on like this, Father. The roses are not growing well.
:'''Vardan:''' We must work out something quick, or we won't be able to deliver all the herbs on time this year!
:'''Gurgen:''' The soil is good. We've disposed of the weeds and pests. So what's going on here?
:{{DIcon}} What's bothering you?
:'''Vardan:''' Oh? Are you here to buy herbs?
:'''Vardan:''' Well, we send batches of herbs to [[Bimarstan]] at regular intervals.
:'''Vardan:''' The most important herb of all is the special "[[Sumeru Rose]]".
:{{DIcon}} Roses can be used as medicine?
:'''Vardan:''' That's a question you need to direct toward the doctors at Bimarstan.
:'''Vardan:''' They say the rose can be used in tandem with other medicines to cure heatstroke and soothe stomachaches, and that it even has some other benefits... none of which I recall at the moment.
:{{DIcon}} In that case, I'll help you out.
::'''Vardan:''' We would be most grateful!
:;(Continues to one of the following sections)
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong with this rose?
::'''Vardan:''' For some reason, it is growing incredibly slowly.
::'''Vardan:''' Our experience tells us that this is usually either a soil or a pest problem.
::'''Vardan:''' But we have planted other herbs here using using the same soil, and those have grow up just fine.
::'''Gurgen:''' We also perform pest control every day. So it can't be the pests...
::'''Gurgen:''' This is no time to get obsessed with the possibilities. Any more stalling, and we won't be able to deliver the roses to Bimarstan on time.
::'''Vardan:''' Our current plan is to fertilize the soil with a special fertilizer.
::'''Vardan:''' But we need to take care of other fields at the same time. As such, we haven't any time left to collect materials for the fertilizer.
::'''Vardan:''' Traveler, for the sake of the patients at Bimarstan, would you please do us this favor?
::{{DIcon}} I will.
::'''Vardan:''' We would be most grateful!
::'''Vardan:''' Let's see. Our current situation is...
:;(Continues to one of the following sections)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Watering the Roses Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Vardan:''' Soil fertility aside, perhaps "water" might also be a problem...
:'''Vardan:''' Maybe we buried the rose so deep that it couldn't get enough water?
:'''Vardan:''' Traveler, could you help us water the rose, please?

;(Talk to Vardan and Gurgen again)
:'''Vardan:''' Traveler, Please help us water the nearby roses.
:'''Gurgen:''' With enough water, the roses will definitely start growing again!

;(Talk to Vardan and Gurgen after watering the roses)
:'''Vardan:''' Whew... The soil should have enough moisture for now.
:'''Gurgen:''' Many thanks, Traveler. We could have been all tuckered out by now if it wasn't for you.
:'''Vardan:''' Strange... It took so much water to permeate the soil thoroughly this time.
:'''Vardan:''' I felt like we used at least twice as much water as usual.
:'''Gurgen:''' That can't be. Maybe you're just too tired.
:'''Gurgen:''' If we really had doubled the amount of water, the soil would be soaked. But see, the moisture levels seem normal.
:'''Vardan:''' I guess so...
:{{DIcon}} Well, I hope the roses will grow well.
:'''Vardan:''' No worries. We will take good care of the roses for the sake of the patients and doctors at Bimarstan.
:'''Vardan:''' Traveler, take these as our thanks, please.
:'''Vardan:''' Still, I really feel like we used a lot more water than usual this time...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Special Fertilizer Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Continue from the first section or talk to Vardan after leaving the submission menu)
:'''Vardan:''' We'll need a lot of special fertilizer.
:'''Vardan:''' We have some reserves of other ingredients for this type of special fertilizer, but we have run out of Harra Fruit.
:'''Vardan:''' Traveler, could we trouble you to get us some Harra Fruits?
:;(Submit [[Harra Fruit]] ×3)
:'''Vardan:''' These will do the trick. Thank you so much, Traveler!
:'''Vardan:''' With this special fertilizer, the fertility of the soil shouldn't be a problem, and the rose will surely grow well.
:'''Gurgen:''' Let's hope they'll actually take effect this time, unlike the ones we've used before.
:{{DIcon}} You've tried using fertilizers before already?
:'''Vardan:''' We did use some ordinary ones. They didn't work well... Well, they didn't work at all.
:'''Gurgen:''' But they did amazingly in the other fields. Honestly, I wonder what's going on here...
:'''Vardan:''' Well, we shan't keep you any further. Take these as our thanks, please.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* It is implied the reason the "flower" won't grow is because it isn't a normal flower at all &mdash; a closer inspection at the plant Gurgen and Vardan are growing reveals it is a [[Mist Flower]]. Mist and Flaming Flowers require elemental energy to grow.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = R1UsNb5j8vw
|caption1 = The Flowers That Won't Grow & When Flowers Bloom - "Up by the Roots" Achievement.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Flowers That Won't Grow
|zhs     = 生不出的花
|zhs_rm  = Shēng bù chū de huā
|zht     = 生不出的花
|zht_rm  = Shēng bù chū de huā
|zh_tl   = Flowers That Won't Grow
|ja      = 育たない花
|ja_rm   = Sodatanai Hana
|ja_tl   = Flowers That Won't Grow
|ko      = 피지 않는 꽃
|ko_rm   = Piji Anneun Kkot
|ko_tl   = The Flower That Won't Bloom
|es      = Flores que no crecen
|es_tl   = Flowers That Don't Grow
|fr      = Fleurs qui ne poussent pas
|fr_tl   = Flowers That Don't Grow
|ru      = Цветы, что не растут
|ru_tl   = The Flowers That Don't Grow
|th      = ดอกไม้ที่ปลูกไม่ขึ้น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hoa Không Nở
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blume, die nicht wächst
|de_tl   = Flower That Won't Grow
|id      = Bunga yang Tak Mekar
|id_tl   = The Flower That Won't Bloom
|pt      = Flores Que Não Crescem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Büyümeyen Çiçekler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fiori che non crescono
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}