{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73001
|image         = World Quest The Children of Vimara Village.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = I
|act           = Woodland Encounter
|part          = 2
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alphonso; Amadhiah; Bahram; Iosaphat; Iotham; Jehiet; Kavus; Sudabeh; Traveler; Paimon; Rana
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|prev          = Woodland Encounter (Quest)
|next          = Into the Woods
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''''The Children of Vimara Village''''' is the second part of the [[World Quest]] series ''[[Aranyaka]]: Part I - [[Woodland Encounter]]''.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Rana]] once you are ready
#* This step only appears if ''"Okay, but I have a few things to take care of before that..."'' was selected in [[Woodland Encounter]].
# Follow Rana
# Clean up the [[Withering Zone]]
# Talk to Rana
# Go to [[Vimara Village]]
# Talk to the elders in the village
# Follow Rana
#* This step restarts if the Traveler moves too far away from her
# Talk to [[Alphonso|the man]]
# Follow the children to Rana's house
# Talk to the children (0/3)
# Leave Vimara Village and go to the designated location

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The woman who goes by the name of Rana seems to be a [[Forest Rangers|Forest Watcher]] of Sumeru. Accept her invitation and travel to Vimara Village.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(If "Okay, but I have a few things to take care of before that..." was selected at the end of Woodland Encounter.)
:'''Rana:''' When you're ready, I'll take you to [[Vimara Village]]. It's smooth sailing from there to either [[Sumeru City]] or [[Port Ormos]].
:'''Rana:''' I'm a Forest Watcher, after all. Escorting travelers is my job.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Rana:''' Okay, follow me!
:{{DIcon}} I've got something else on the table right now.
::'''Rana:''' All right. Be safe.
----
;(Follow Rana)
:'''Paimon:''' Since you're a Forest Watcher, [[Rana]], you must be very familiar with the woods, right?
:'''Rana:''' Uh-huh, I've lived around here for years and I know every tree in the forest. Really!
:'''Rana:''' But the land's becoming somewhat peculiar lately, even the [[Withering Zone]]s are becoming more prolific.

;(Arrive at the Withering Zone)
:'''Rana:''' It's only been a few days and a new Withering Zone has popped up already. So close to the main road, too...
;(If the player has not completed [[Chronic Illness]])
::{{DIcon}} Withering Zone?
::'''Rana:''' Oh, that's a "disaster" unique to Sumeru. It's a force that emerges in an area and kills all living things within.
::'''Paimon:''' It's true, all of the plants died.
::'''Rana:''' Yeah. Tighnari would be able to eliminate it if he was around. But for someone like me, who doesn't have a Vision and cannot control the elements, it's very dangerous to go into a Withering Zone.
::'''Rana:''' Regardless, lemme mark down the location and radius of effect for now. After I take you to Vimara Village, I'll go to [[Gandharva Ville]] and bring [[Tighnari]] over to help.
::{{DIcon}} Great, I don't have a Vision.
:::'''Paimon:''' But can't you control the elements? What was it? Oh yeah, "Prepare to be blown away!"
:::'''Paimon:''' Since you can control the elements, you should be able to help!
::{{DIcon}} It's tough being a Forest Watcher.
:::'''Paimon:''' But can't you control the elements? What was it? Oh yeah, "Prepare to be blown away!"
:::'''Paimon:''' We should help!
::{{DIcon}} I can control the elements.
::'''Rana:''' Eh? Now that I think about it, you did show such ability when fending off the Fungi...
::'''Rana:''' But we still shouldn't try. Withering Zones are lethal, and even veteran Forest Watchers wouldn't approach one unless absolutely necessary.
::'''Paimon:''' That might be the case, but (Traveler) has proven to be very reliable in the many encounters throughout our journey.
;(If the player has completed [[Chronic Illness]])
::'''Paimon:''' Ah, Withering Zone again...
::{{DIcon}} We handled one with Tighnari before.
::{{DIcon}} We heard about one before.
:::'''Paimon:''' That's right, we cleared a Withering Zone with Tighnari before. Paimon recalls that was near Gandharva Ville, right?
::'''Rana:''' (Traveler) and Tighnari disposed of a Withering Zone before? I won't go into how dangerous it is, then.
::'''Rana:''' Regardless, lemme mark down the location and radius of effect for now. After I take you to Vimara Village, I'll go to Gandharva Ville and bring Tighnari over to help.
::'''Paimon:''' No need, Rana, just leave it to us.
::'''Rana:''' No way! The Withering Zone is lethal, even veteran Forest Watchers wouldn't approach it unless absolutely necessary.
::'''Paimon:''' (Traveler) can manipulate the elements, and it should somewhat stave off the Withering's effects!
::'''Rana:''' Eh? Now that I think about it, you did show such ability when fending off the Fungi...
::'''Rana:''' But still, you shouldn't do that. We can't have you injured by the Withering after coming all this way.
::'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Rana! (Traveler) has proven to be very reliable in the many encounters throughout our journey.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me. It's a piece of cake.
:{{DIcon}} Be right back.
:{{DIcon}} I don't like this Withering Zone. Let me deal with it.
:'''Rana:''' *sigh* All right, I understand. I'll wait here. If it's too much to handle, get out of there or call for help, and I'll be there.

;(Talk to Rana again)
:'''Rana:''' (Traveler), I'll wait here. If it's too much to handle, get out of there or call for help, and I'll be there.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|According to Rana, the Withering Zone is growing at an unexpected speed and getting very dangerous. For those capable of utilizing the elements, however, taking care of a Withering Zone shouldn't be too much of a hustle.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After cleaning up the withering zone)
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler) is impressive, right?
:'''Rana:''' You're amazing! Incredibly amazing!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
::'''Paimon:''' You're getting too excited, Rana.
:{{DIcon}} Take it down a notch.
:'''Rana:''' Pardon me... Ahem, (Traveler)... Uh, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}}...
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to be so formal...
:{{DIcon}} It's okay to just speak your mind, Miss Rana.
::'''Paimon:''' Let's drop the formalities, (Traveler) and Rana!
:'''Rana:''' Okay... So, I wonder if you guys are interested in joining us? I can vouch for you both.
:'''Rana:''' It would be great to get powerful, dedicated people like (Traveler) and Paimon on our side!
:'''Rana:''' With you guys, we can better control the spread of The Withering... Sure, you're probably not familiar with the woods, but that shouldn't be too much of a problem...
:{{DIcon}} Wait...
:{{DIcon}} Calm down...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah, speaking of the forest, Paimon's got a question...
:'''Paimon:''' Do you remember the wondrous creatures we saw before?
:'''Rana:''' Wondrous creatures...?

:'''You quickly describe the wondrous creatures you met previously.'''

:'''Rana:''' Oh, they sound like the mythical [[Aranara]]! Small, round, plantlike fairies. They are denizens of the woods and guardians of trees.
:'''Rana:''' But we generally dismiss them as just a tale. You sure those weren't just some [[Shroomboar]]s you saw, (Traveler)?
:'''Paimon:''' Shroomboars?
:'''Rana:''' Yeah, that's an animal you'll see only in the forests of Sumeru! They are round, green beasts that live in the forest. We'd use them to find precious mushrooms.
:{{DIcon}} Really?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think they're the same.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds delicious...
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds like we can probably make a stew with mushrooms out of them! Though Paimon doesn't think that's quite the same thing as what we saw...
:'''Rana:''' Anyway, in all my years in the woods, I've never seen an Aranara.
:'''Rana:''' However, you can ask the kids after you get to Vimara Village. They seem to be very into the legend of Aranara.
:'''Rana:''' Although children always try to hide their thoughts from adults, you can read their minds like a book.
:{{DIcon}} Just like Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, that's because we're buddies and know each other very well!

;(After talking to Rana)
:'''Rana:''' That said, you got moves, (Traveler)! Where did you learn that?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we ran across a lot of things on our journey, so we got to learn how to fight.
:'''Rana:''' I see. That must've been hard.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
<!-- Talk to the elders in the village -->
{{Quest Description|update|You have arrived at Vimara Village without any difficulties. Have a look around the village with Rana.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the village)
:'''Rana:''' This is Vimara Village. Let me say hi to Grandpa [[Amadhiah]].

;(Approach Amadhiah)
:'''Rana:''' I'm back, Grandpa Amadhiah!
:'''Amadhiah:''' Rana! You know, the job of a Forest Watcher is important, but you should come around more often.
:'''Rana:''' Yeah, I know. I patrol the forest so that those "tiger cubs" can hang out in the woods safely. It was just a mess right now.
:'''Paimon:''' There are tigers in Vimara Village?
:'''Amadhiah:''' "Tiger cubs" refers to [[Iotham]] and his friends. By the way. your voice... I don't think I've ever met you. Do we have visitors?
:'''Rana:''' Oh. Yes. Grandpa Amadhiah. These two are...

:'''Rana gives Amadhiah a brief rundown.'''

:'''Amadhiah:''' Ah, I see. Welcome to Vimara Village, and thanks for helping Rana out.
:'''Rana:''' I plan to form a nightwatch, getting [[Alphonso]], [[Bahram]], and [[Aurelius]] to safeguard the perimeter as a group.
:'''Amadhiah:''' That's a great plan. It's for the good of the children, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Has something happened in Vimara Village lately?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh? Could it be related to the round plantlike creatures we saw before?
:'''Amadhiah:''' What are you talking about? That sounded like a cabbage from your description.
:'''Rana:''' It's okay. We're just a little uneasy from some recent events.
:'''Amadhiah:''' I've spent my whole life in Vimara Village and never saw anything like this. *sigh*
:'''Amadhiah:''' I won't bore you with my stories. Please watch over Rana. She's always been a troublemaker since she was little.
:'''Amadhiah:''' She got lost in the woods once when she was seven or eight, for a couple of days...
:'''Rana:''' Hey now, Grandpa Amadhiah!
:'''Amadhiah:''' Fine, fine. You be a good host now, Rana. Don't let our guests down.
:'''Rana:''' For sure!

;(While following Rana)
:'''Rana:''' Grandpa Amadhiah is getting old, and his eyes are starting to fail him, but he's really nice!

;(Talk to Amadhiah again)
:'''Amadhiah:''' Ah, friends of Rana, sorry about before. I must apologize for my aging eyes.
:{{DIcon}} About the mysterious creatures we saw before...
::'''Amadhiah:''' You mean the round little plantlike fairies? I think I saw them before, but when and what was it...?
::{{DIcon}} Are they called Aranara?
::'''Amadhiah:''' Aranara... Probably. I might have heard stories before, but I'm too old to remember for sure.
::'''Amadhiah:''' The forests of Sumeru are very big, teeming with countless wondrous creatures. But one won't miss what they're destined to find.
::'''Amadhiah:''' However, if I was destined, I shouldn't have forgotten about them, either. So when was it...?
:{{DIcon}} About Rana...
::'''Amadhiah:''' Rana is a good kid. She works hard every day to keep this old man and the children in Vimara Village safe.
::'''Amadhiah:''' I wonder when she'll have time to start a family and settle down.
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Amadhiah:''' Okay, goodbye.

;(After Rana approaches the side of the river)
:'''[[Iosaphat]]:''' You're back, Rana! Anything new? Who's the one beside you?
:'''Rana:''' I met this kind, powerful traveler. How about you, caught anything good?
:'''Iosaphat:''' You know it! When you see the kids, tell them a feast is waiting. You interested? And will the visitors join us?
:'''Rana:''' Not sure yet. Maybe later!

;(Talk to Iosaphat again)
:'''Iosaphat:''' It's you! Welcome. Come over for a meal with Rana and the cubs if you get a chance. Got a nice catch today.

;(While Rana approaches Alphonso)
:'''Rana:''' I'm back, Alphonso!
:'''Alphonso:''' I see! Who is that with you?

;(Approach Alphonso)
:'''Rana:''' Allow me to introduce these two impressive travelers who have helped me a lot. And this here is Alphonso, just about the most dependable person in Vimara Village!
:'''Alphonso:''' You flatter me, Rana. Anyway, nice to meet you two, and thanks for looking after Rana.
:'''Paimon:''' You don't look like a local, Alphonso. Are you a traveler, too?
:'''Alphonso:''' Hahaha, you're an experienced traveler indeed, saw right through me at a glance.
:'''Alphonso:''' I came as an apprentice from [[Fontaine]], but ended up staying because I really like it here.
:'''Rana:''' And it's been years since! Alphonso is practically one of us now!
:'''Rana:''' Anyway, how are the kids? They're not running around, are they? I mean, it's not a good time right now...
:'''Alphonso:''' They're in the village, waiting for you to return. After [[Kavus]] came back...
:'''Alphonso:''' Is it really okay to talk about that in front of our guests? Maybe we should talk about it later...
:'''Paimon:''' Is it something important? We can come back later...
:'''Rana:''' Don't worry. They saved my life, after all!
:{{DIcon}} Actually, you could've made it on your own...
::'''Rana:''' Time is life to me. You saved me time, so you saved my life!
:{{DIcon}} I fight very well.
::'''Rana:''' Yes, very impressive!
::'''Paimon:''' But Paimon thinks you're a good enough fighter to get it done yourself. Paimon means, don't you run into wild animals a lot as a Forest Watcher?
::'''Rana:''' That is true. However, time is life to me. You saved me time, so you saved my life.
:'''Rana:''' Anyway, some of the children in Vimara Village have gone missing recently.
:{{DIcon}} That warrants much more than just an "Anyway"!
:{{DIcon}} Is someone abducting the kids?
:'''Paimon:''' This is a very serious problem! Have you notified the sheriff in [[Sumeru City]] yet? Is there anything we can help with?
:'''Rana:''' Wait, wait, just listen to me! The missing children always came back in a few days, though they don't remember what happened.
:'''Alphonso:''' I'd round up a search party every time. Sometimes, we'd run into wild animals, sometimes a Withering Zone, other times, outsiders obviously too tough for us to handle.
:'''Alphonso:''' However, we could never find the kids since the woods are simply too big to search, even for Rana.
:'''Rana:''' Yeah, but in the end they would suddenly return when no one was paying attention, and couldn't recall anything when asked.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon does that, too.
::'''Rana:''' Whoa, so it's normal for kids?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, quit it, you two!
::'''Rana:''' Hahahaha! Sorry to digress.
::{{DIcon}} They remembered nothing at all?
:{{DIcon}} They remembered nothing at all?
:'''Alphonso:''' I'm not sure. I think they just don't want to tell us "adults."
:'''Alphonso:''' *sigh* Even though I'm only a few years older than them.
:'''Paimon:''' Still, that's pretty concerning.
:'''Rana:''' Right, so I've been patrolling nearby recently, looking out for anything unusual. That's also why I just spoke to Amadhiah about forming a nightwatch.
:'''Rana:''' I also asked Alphonso to keep an eye on the kids...
:'''Alphonso:''' Sorry.
:'''Rana:''' It's okay. I'd be more concerned if they actually stay put!
:'''Rana:''' I'm going to have a word with Iosaphat later. It's his job to watch after Kavus and [[Sudabeh]]!
:'''Alphonso:''' You ought to take it easy for a while here, Rana. You're the only one who can get through to the kids.
:'''Alphonso:''' It's dangerous outside lately. Withering Zone aside, you got the [[Fatui]] from [[Snezhnaya]] with their armed mercenaries operating in the forest. If something goes wrong...
:{{DIcon}} Fatui?
:'''Rana:''' I know, I'll be careful, but I should be on the ball because it is dangerous!
:'''Alphonso:''' But even if you could deal with the wild animals, the Fatui are more than you can handle, Rana.
:'''Paimon:''' It sounds like Alphonso knows the Fatui very well.
:'''Alphonso:''' Oh, I learned about them from the travelers shuttling between Sumeru City and [[Port Ormos]].
:'''Iotham:''' It's Rana! Rana is back! With Alphonso too!
:'''Rana:''' Hee, here comes trouble!
:'''Alphonso:''' Anyway, think it over, Rana.
:'''Iotham:''' I picked a bunch of [[Starshroom]]s for you, Rana!
:'''Rana:''' Iotham, didn't you promise me to never wander outside the village? The [[Rishboland Raja]] will come and get you if you don't behave!
:'''Iotham:''' I'm big now and I'm not scared of anything!
:'''Kavus:''' Did you catch the Gator Raja this time, Rana?
:'''Sudabeh:''' I want to hear some tales from the woods, Rana!
:'''Rana:''' Well, I didn't see the Gator Raja this time, but I brought you a golden lion and a silver...
:'''Rana:''' Silver what, though...?
:{{DIcon}} Another lion?
::'''Paimon:''' Aroo! Hehe, our colors match pretty well.
:{{DIcon}} [[Weasel Thief]]?
::'''Paimon:''' Why Weasel Thief!?
:{{DIcon}} Whopperflower.
::'''Paimon:''' What does Paimon have to do with Whopperflower!?
:'''Iotham:''' Silver [[Dusk Bird]]!
:'''Kavus:''' Silver [[Bass]]!
:'''Sudabeh:''' Super Silver [[Specter]]!
:'''Paimon:''' ???
:{{DIcon}} Calm down, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} A Specter is too much...
:'''Alphonso:''' All right, stop picking on them. (Traveler) and Paimon are my friends.
:'''Paimon:''' *exhale* Paimon's not going to get mad at kids... Regardless, you know a lot of animals!
:'''Iotham:''' That's right! Rana would tell us stories every time she's back. She told us about a huge, huge gator last time, and the Sumpter Beastlord!
:'''Sudabeh:''' And the Rishboland Raja that couldn't be caught!
:'''Rana:''' That's right, and it will come and get you if you don't behave!
:'''Children:''' Oh no!
:'''Paimon:''' (Everyone in the village sure seems to get along!)
:{{DIcon}} (If only it could always be like this...)
:{{DIcon}} (Hope the children can stay safe.)
:'''Rana:''' Anyway, my friends here came from a place far far away! Why don't we let them tell a story today?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I guess...
:{{DIcon}} Me?
:'''Paimon:''' Sure, our trip to Sumeru has been a very eventful one!
:'''Kavus:''' Yay! Let's all go to Rana's house!
:'''Iotham:''' The last one there is a Specter!
:'''Alphonso:''' Be careful going over the bridge, don't fall into the water!
:'''Rana:''' Let's go!

;(Talk to Alphonso again)
:'''Alphonso:''' Welcome to Vimara Village, (Traveler). Everyone is family here. If you stay, Iotham and his friends will treat you like a real {{MC|brother|sister}}.
:{{DIcon}} How do you know my name?
:'''Alphonso:''' Rana probably mentioned it. Anyway, hope you'll enjoy your time in Vimara Village.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The "tiger cubs" at Vimara Village seem to be really active. You agreed to tell stories for the children upon Rana's urging.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While following the children)
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go! We can't fall behind!

;(While crossing the bridge)
:'''Jehiet:''' Stop running on the bridge, you might fall into the water!

;(Talk to Jehiet)
:'''Jehiet:''' Hey, it's the visitor Rana brought. Welcome.
:'''Jehiet:''' We don't have much in the village except a quiet life, so put your feet up and relax.

;(Approach Bahram)
:'''Bahram:''' Oh? Rana's brought some visitors. Welcome!

;(Talk to Bahram)
:'''Bahram:''' Welcome. The kids are excited to see visitors too.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Iotham wants stories about "dragons," Kavus wants stories about "sea monsters," and Sudabeh wants stories about "a smart and powerful distinguished lady." No story suits all kids, just tell each a story they like.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the children)
:'''Paimon:''' These kids ran faster than birds could fly...
:'''Rana:''' You guys are getting good at running. It's going to worry me sick if you run away someday.
:'''Iotham:''' We won't run if Rana's here!
:'''Sudabeh:''' I'm going to marry Rana when I grow up!
:'''Kavus:''' Wait, didn't you promise to marry me? Liar!
:'''Rana:''' Hahaha, we'll sort this out later! You'll meet more people when you grow up, people more impressive and better than me.
:'''Rana:''' For instance, {{MC|m=Mr. Blond|f=Miss Blonde}} here is way mightier than me, and has met many great people along their journey from far away, right?
:{{DIcon}} Indeed, I have.
:{{DIcon}} Well, not exactly...
:{{DIcon}} It's true, such as Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe.
:'''Kavus:''' Have you been traveling a long time?
:'''Sudabeh:''' Rana said you'd tell us stories!
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I guess...
:{{DIcon}} I've got a lot of stories.
:'''Rana:''' You got the tiger cubs, then. I have a meeting to go to. You kids be good to {{MC|m=him|f=her}} and stay put till I come back.
:'''Children:''' Okay!
:'''Paimon:''' All right, on to the stories... You're Iotham, right? What story would you like to hear?
:'''Iotham:''' Stories about dragons! Alphonso said they are ancient and very powerful!
:'''Kavus:''' Sea monsters! I heard there's a lot of big monsters in the sea!
:'''Sudabeh:''' I want stories about a distinguished lady who is smart and powerful!
:{{DIcon}} {{MC|m=This girl...|f=I'm smart and powerful!}}
::'''Sudabeh:''' {{MC|m=I want to be like Rana when I grow up, so I want to hear stories like that!|f=Yeah, you are powerful, and very pretty too! But I'm going to be Rana's bride, so I have to be stronger than you!}}
::'''Paimon:''' They all want different stories...
:{{DIcon}} You all want different stories...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey... Isn't there [[Kaeya|someone]] that knows stories of the eight-headed hydras, silver-haired banshees, and the wicked abyss dragon? Paimon thinks everyone would be happy if that person was here.
:'''Paimon:''' How about this, we know a lot of stories, and we'll tell them all!
:{{DIcon}} (We can ask them about the mysterious creatures while at it.)
::'''Paimon:''' (True, these kids might know things adults don't, and about how they went missing...)
:{{DIcon}} (We can ask them about how they went missing while at it.)
::'''Paimon:''' (True! And about the mysterious creatures too.)
:'''Paimon:''' As a trade, Iotham, Kavus, and Sudabeh, you'll tell us what you know too.
:'''Children:''' Sure!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Iotham wants stories about "dragons," Kavus wants stories about "sea monsters," and Sudabeh wants stories about "a smart and powerful distinguished lady." No story suits all kids, just tell each a story they like.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, tell the kids a story in a way that they'll find fun!

;(Talk to Iotham)
:'''Iotham:''' I want dragon stories! Alphonso told me they exist in the world! He said [[Dvalin|a huge, evil dragon]] lives in a place called [[Mondstadt]]!
:{{DIcon}} Alphonso sure has his ears on the ground.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we know about that!
:{{DIcon}} We know the story.
:'''Iotham:''' So what is that dragon like? Alphonso said it is terrifying and pillages Mondstadt!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... How should Paimon put it?
:{{DIcon}} "This is a tale of friends resolving their misunderstanding..."
:{{DIcon}} "This is a tale of heroes triumphing over evil..."
:'''Paimon:''' Ahem, here it goes: A long, long time ago, in a kingdom faraway, a big dragon with huge wings and sharp fangs laid in deep slumber.

:'''"When the dragon woke up, it saw the world had changed."<br />"Growl!" The dragon announced. "I'm mad now and I'm going to wreck your little houses and keeps!"<br />"The dragon wasn't actually bad but was tricked by an evil sorcerer into thinking everyone's bad."<br />"Then one day, two travelers arrived..."'''

:'''Paimon tells the story of the azure-blue dragon in a way that really engages the kids.'''

:'''Paimon:''' ...So, with everyone's help, the travelers removed the curse from the dragon and helped it find its friend.
:'''Iotham:''' Wow, I had thought dragons were terrible and would eat [[Sumpter Beast]]s and people!
:'''Iotham:''' How big is the dragon, though? Big like a house?
:{{DIcon}} Big enough to swallow Paimon in one bite.
::'''Iotham:''' If Paimon is the white lady? I guess the dragon isn't that big, after all.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon might be short, but she's got a big brain!
::{{DIcon}} And a big appetite too.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon can swallow the whole Vimara Village in one bite, just like the dragon!
:{{DIcon}} Big enough to swallow Vimara Village in one bite.
:'''Iotham:''' Wow! If that's true, we can fly around inside a dragon's belly!
:'''Iotham:''' When it gets hot, we'll go to the Snezhnaya that Alphonso talked about, where it snows! When it's rainy season, we'll go to [[Great Red Sand|Valuka]], where Granny [[Jehiet]] is from!
:'''Paimon:''' Valuka?
:'''Iotham:''' Oh, that's a desert! Anyway, when I grow up, I want to travel everywhere like you!
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! Travel and make friends. Just like how we traveled and got to know you! Can we ask you a few questions, Iotham?
:{{DIcon}} Ask about the mysterious creatures in the forest.
:'''Paimon:''' Rana told us they could be Aranara. Have you heard anything about them, Iotham?
:'''Iotham:''' Uh, about that...
:'''Iotham:''' No, I heard nothing about Aranara.
:{{DIcon}} They look like cabbages.
::'''Iotham:''' On second thought, yeah, they do! Hahaha!
:{{DIcon}} They look like Shroomboars.
::'''Iotham:''' Hahaha! No, they don't!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? So you've seen Aranara before?
:'''Iotham:''' Actually, I've heard about them in Granny Jehiet's stories!
:{{DIcon}} Can we ask Granny Jehiet?
::'''Iotham:''' No...
::'''Paimon:''' All right, we'll drop it. Rana and others are very worried about you kids, Iotham. Have you gotten lost in the woods recently?
:{{DIcon}} Let's ask about something else...
::'''Paimon:''' Rana and others are very worried about you kids, Iotham. Have you gotten lost in the woods recently?
:'''Iotham:''' No, I know the woods very well. There's no way I can get lost!
:'''Iotham:''' But Sudabeh and Kavus did. Everyone was worried, but not me, because I know [[Arana]] would take them home.
:'''Paimon:''' Arana? Who's that?
:'''Iotham:''' Uh, I mean Rana! Rana would find them and take them home!
:'''Paimon:''' (That's suspicious, but Paimon doesn't think we can find out more...)
:'''Paimon:''' Let's change the topic! Why are you interested in dragon stories, Iotham?
:'''Iotham:''' I want to be great like a dragon, then I can help Rana and Alphonso. They work very hard. It always takes a long time for Rana to patrol the woods.
:'''Iotham:''' Alphonso goes out there when no one's looking too. I can help them as soon as I grow up, so they can spend more time in the village.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it! You're a great kid, Iotham!

;(Talk to Iotham again)
:'''Iotham:''' So dragons don't eat people or Sumpter Beasts! I have to let Alphonso know next time.
----
;(Talk to Kavus)
:'''Kavus:''' Sea monsters! I heard there's a lot of big and peculiar monsters in the sea!
:'''Kavus:''' Like the fish that's as large as an island, or the squid as long as a river, and the story about the puppet and the whale! Also, the turtle carrying an elephant on its back!
:'''Paimon:''' You've heard a lot of stories! Why the interest in sea monsters?
:'''Kavus:''' When I grow up, I want to be a sailor, going on seven voyages and discovering uncharted islands and lands! That's why I want to learn about sea monsters. This way, I can defeat them one day!
:{{DIcon}} We ran across some pirates before.
:{{DIcon}} We ran across the [[Kaeya|grandson of some pirate]].
:'''Kavus:''' Wow! That's so cool! Did they find any treasure? Any tales of adventure?
:'''Paimon:''' Not sure, but Paimon does have a sea-monster story.
:'''Paimon:''' Ahem. Once upon a time, there was [[Osial|a sea serpent with many heads living in the ocean]]! It was taller than a mountain when it stretched out its neck...

:'''"The serpent didn't behave, so a god trapped it on the sea floor under rocks to prevent it from making waves and destroying the harbor."<br />"After a long while, the serpent woke up and griped, 'Curse you, despicable god!'"<br />"'I'll wash all your houses and treasures out to the sea and make them mine! Roar!'"<br />"Then it rose up to higher than the mountains and caused a tidal wave..."'''

:'''Paimon tells the story of the people in [[Jade Chamber|the flying castle]] fighting the sea hydra together in a way that really engages the kids.'''

:'''Paimon:''' And that was how everybody worked together to defeat the serpent and protect the city!
:'''Kavus:''' So the serpent has been defeated? What a shame, I wanted to beat it myself when I grew up!
:{{DIcon}} That's the spirit!
::'''Kavus:''' Of course! I'm older than Iotham and Sudar, I have to be stronger than them so I can protect them.
:{{DIcon}} You'll face other "monsters" when you grow up.
::'''Kavus:''' What kind of monsters?
::'''Paimon:''' Let's talk about something else...
:'''Kavus:''' I promised to tell you what I know after hearing your story. So, what would you like to know?
:{{DIcon}} About the mysterious creatures in the woods...
:'''Kavus:''' Oh, there's a lot of them in the forest! Like the legendary Sumpter Beastlord &mdash; it isn't like any ordinary Sumpter Beast and will attack intruders!
:'''Kavus:''' And the Rishboland Raja that snatches bad children away! But I'm old enough to know Rana made that up to scare the kids.
:'''Paimon:''' They all sound interesting, but we'd like to know about the round, plantlike fairies called Aranara. Do you know about them?
:'''Kavus:''' Oh, Aranara...
:'''Kavus:''' Never heard of them, but I know about the Gator Raja! It's a very, very big gator in the woods that has lived for a long, long time and is very, very cunning. There was this one time...
:'''Paimon:''' (That didn't sound convincing...)
:{{DIcon}} (Never mind...)
:{{DIcon}} (Just ask about something else.)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon can't believe there's a gator like that! Do you go into the woods often, Kavus?
:'''Kavus:''' Yeah, I used to, but not lately, since I got lost in there once. At least that's what the adults said.
:{{DIcon}} "That's what the adults said?"
:'''Kavus:''' Because I don't remember anything. I went into the forest to see my friend and share stories about my sister, then... I just can't remember what happened.
:'''Kavus:''' When I came to my senses, I was back in the village already. My father held me tightly while everyone was around me, asking me if I was hurt, hungry, or thirsty. Then they wouldn't let me go there again.
:{{DIcon}} You should listen and not go there.
::'''Paimon:''' Mm... But you have a friend in the forest? Doesn't everyone live in the village?
:{{DIcon}} You went into the forest to see your friend?
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? You have a friend in the forest? Doesn't everyone live in the village?
:'''Kavus:''' Yeah, a friend to everyone, lives in the forest. Taught us many things, like what wild fruits we shouldn't eat, and which trees would let us climb on them.
:'''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, so what is that friend like?
:'''Kavus:''' Well...
:'''Kavus:''' I can't tell you. I'm sorry. Although we're friends, I made a pact with Sudabeh and Iotham.
:'''Paimon:''' (Paimon guesses it's a secret between the kids...)
:{{DIcon}} (I think we just hit a dead end.)
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, we understand. Now, be a good boy and don't play outside the village!
:'''Kavus:''' Of course! I'll be a good big brother to Sudabeh and Iotham!

;(Talk to Kavus again)
:'''Kavus:''' When I grow up, I want to be a great sailor like [[Sinbadacus]]!
----
;(Talk to Sudabeh)
:'''Paimon:''' What story would you like to hear, Sudabeh?
:'''Sudabeh:''' Any story will do! But I'd like it to have a distinguished lady who is smart and powerful. Well, she doesn't have to be a distinguished lady, but the character's got to be determined and loving.
:'''Sudabeh:''' Like Princess Cinnamon who left her palace with a tiger in the fairytale!
:{{DIcon}} That's a lot of demands...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon knows several ladies who fit that description, but somehow they all have connections to Electro...
:'''Sudabeh:''' Electro is good. It makes plants stronger and bear more fruit.
:'''Paimon:''' You know a lot, Sudabeh! So, where should Paimon start...
:{{DIcon}} "In a place far away, there was a library..."
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon can go with the story of Miss [[Lisa]], but Paimon'd prefer another one...
::'''Paimon:''' Ahem. In a place far away, on the other side of the ocean, there was a lady general and a shrine maiden.
:{{DIcon}} "[[Ei|A general]] and [[Yae Miko|a shrine maiden]]..."
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, making the shrine maiden a priestess, and the general a queen should help you understand it better.
:'''Sudabeh:''' Are they both distinguished ladies?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, they both are!

:'''"Once upon a time, in a kingdom far away, there was a very beautiful and powerful queen. But war came, and although the queen won, she also lost many friends."<br />"She cried and cried, '*sob* I'm going to make [[The Shogun|a robot]] and have it work for me. Then I shall live alone in the palace forever and not make any more friends so I won't lose them!'"<br />"'Beep. Copy that. Working now,' replied the robot, who then began running the kingdom for the queen. Then some bad guys started to scheme!"'''

:'''Sudabeh:''' Where does the priestess come in?

:'''"Ahem. The queen had a pretty and powerful priestess friend, who couldn't bear to see the queen go on this way."<br />"That was when a traveler came to the kingdom. {{MC|He|She}} and {{MC|his|her}} companion were both smart and brave."<br />"So the priestess thought, 'Ack-ack-ack! They are agile and resilient. If they're willing to help...'"'''

:'''Paimon tells the story of the queen and the priestess (both of whom are distinguished ladies) in a way that really engages the kids.'''

:'''Paimon:''' ...In the end, the lonely robot was still working hard, but that's another story.
:'''Sudabeh:''' Everyone was so awesome! Even though that traveler wasn't a distinguished lady, {{MC|he|she}} was still strong. That's what I want to be when I grow up.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure you can do it! But if you don't behave and get lost out there, then none of that will happen!<!--Paimon wags her fingers-->
:{{DIcon}} Very smooth of you, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Very sly of you, Paimon.
:'''Sudabeh:''' Yes, I'll behave and won't wander outside.
:{{DIcon}} What happened when you got lost before?
:'''Sudabeh:''' I don't remember. I just went into the woods to gather herbs.
:'''Paimon:''' Herbs?
:'''Sudabeh:''' Yeah. Alphonso said there's a herb to improve grandpa's eyesight. He has trouble seeing things lately and can't even see people coming his way. So I wanted to help grandpa.
:{{DIcon}} Did Alphonso send you?
:'''Sudabeh:''' No. He warned me not to wander into the forest too, but I wanted to help, so I sneaked off. Then I don't remember the rest.
:'''Paimon:''' Nothing at all?
:'''Sudabeh:''' Nothing. When I came round, I was already home. My brother said everyone was worried. I know what I did was wrong and will never sneak off into the woods again.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right, good girl. Speaking of the forest...
:{{DIcon}} About the mysterious creatures in the woods...
:'''Sudabeh:''' I don't know anything about them!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, that was fast!
:'''Sudabeh:''' What do you mean by "mysterious"? If I know what they are, they're not mysterious. If I don't, I wouldn't be able to tell you. Sorry...
:'''Paimon:''' That actually makes a lot of sense... But what Paimon wanted to ask about is round, plantlike fairies...
:'''Sudabeh:''' Round and plantlike... Oh!
:'''Paimon:''' Did that ring a bell, Sudabeh?
:'''Sudabeh:''' Uh, no! That sounds mysterious!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... That's a shame, because Rana said she would love to know what an Aranara is!
:'''Sudabeh:''' Oh, she wants to know too? Then...
:'''Paimon:''' She does! Also, didn't the priestess in the story say, "Ack-ack-ack! Don't be a tantrum-throwing child who refuses to talk to others!"
:{{DIcon}} "Ack-ack-ack!"
:'''Sudabeh:''' Okay... The priestess and the queen are really great friends.
:'''Sudabeh:''' But like how they trust each other, I think Rana would understand why I can't say it.
:'''Sudabeh:''' When I'm old enough to understand a lot more, I'll tell Rana and you two. But no, not now.
:{{DIcon}} Well, I hope you can grow up healthy and happy.
::'''Sudabeh:''' Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} I'll be old by then.
::'''Sudabeh:''' It's okay. I'll also age, so you'll always be more mature than me.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, then, we won't ask more questions. Just be a good girl and don't wander around.
:'''Sudabeh:''' Mm-hmm! Thank you for the story, I love it very much. I'm going to be smart, pretty, and strong just like the priestess!
:'''Sudabeh:''' Then I'll marry Rana!

;(Talk to Sudabeh again)
:'''Sudabeh:''' When I grow up, I want to be strong, smart, very pretty, and take Rana as my bride.
----
;(After talking to the three children)
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh* It seems they know about the mysterious creatures but just don't want to tell us...
:{{DIcon}} Should we divide and conquer them?
::'''Paimon:''' Come on, they're kids, not villains! Just treat it as a secret they don't want the adults to know.
:{{DIcon}} Should we get the adults in town to pressure them?
::'''Paimon:''' Come on, they're kids, not villains! Just treat it as a secret they don't want the adults to know.
:{{DIcon}} Just treat it as a secret between these kids.
:'''Paimon:''' We're staying in Sumeru for a while and will have time to look into it.
:'''Rana:''' I'm back! How did it go? Was it fun?
:'''Iotham:''' It was fun! They told us a story. Dragons actually don't eat people, Rana!
:'''Rana:''' Oh yeah? That's good to hear. I was worried a dragon might fly over here and eat you all some day!
:'''Children:''' Oh no!
:'''Paimon:''' Storytelling is kinda fun!
:{{DIcon}} I think so too.
:{{DIcon}} I'm beat.
:'''Rana:''' Okay, you should go home now. It's about time to eat. Iosaphat said he caught good stuff in the water today!
:'''Kavus:''' Come with us, Rana! And both of you too!
:'''Rana:''' We've got business to tend to, but thanks for the invite.
:'''Sudabeh:''' I want to eat with Rana...
:'''Rana:''' I'll be there next time! Come on, you've got to go now or Iosaphat is going to finish it all by himself!
:'''Children:''' Okay! Bye, Rana, bye, you two!
:'''Rana:''' Stick around for a minute, Iotham. I want to talk to you.
:'''Rana:''' I'm concerned about you. The forest hasn't been the same lately. The animals are getting aggressive and more Fungi have popped up. Same with the Withering Zones, which keep appearing.
:'''Rana:''' Don't go picking mushrooms anymore, okay, Iotham?
:'''Iotham:''' Don't worry, I know where's safe and not safe. What's more, Starshrooms are tasty, and they give you the energy to keep working hard.
:'''Rana:''' No, Granny Jehiet and I are both worried. Promise me that you won't run around out there before I figure out what's going on.
:'''Iotham:''' Okay...
:'''Rana:''' That's a good boy, Iotham. You'll be great when you grow up. All right, go eat with Kavus and others.
:'''Iotham:''' Got it.
:'''Rana:''' I hope they'll grow up safe and sound.
:'''Rana:''' What do you think about these kids, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} I've seen worse.
:{{DIcon}} They're good kids.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's better.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Is that supposed to be a compliment?
:'''Rana:''' Yeah, I understand. Regardless, I hope they'll grow up safe and sound.
:'''Rana:''' My patrol is actually not done yet. I've still got to check out the west, and...
:'''Rana:''' And I have a favor to ask. (Traveler) and Paimon, would you mind coming with me?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Why?
:'''Rana:''' I spotted some Withering Zones there with no one to check them. I'm very worried about kids wandering into one. (Traveler), now that you're here, will you give me a hand with that?
:'''Rana:''' Please, though I have nothing to repay you with...
:{{DIcon}} I'll take that nice axe of yours.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! {{MC|He|She}} is only joking. We don't need payment, right, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Piece of cake.
:{{DIcon}} We have nothing else to do anyway.
::'''Paimon:''' We'll just call it exercising!
:'''Rana:''' So you will help? I really appreciate it! I don't know how I can make it up to you. You've done so much for me...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we're not going to ignore those in need.
:'''Rana:''' Mm! Let's go, then!

;(After talking to Rana)
:'''Rana:''' Get up from here, then go straight that way until you find the first Withering Zone.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You and Paimon put in a good amount of hard work to sort your stories into a version that the children might find interesting. Thankfully, they like your stories. Although they don't seem to have told the truth about the mysterious creatures, this isn't the time to go into detail. Now, go with Rana to clear out some Withering Zones. You're doing this so the children of Vimara Village can play safely, after all.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Leave the village)
:'''Rana:''' The best thing about my house is that I can sneak out of it without anyone noticing. That's how I've been running off all the time since I was a kid.
:'''Rana:''' Alright, back to business. (Traveler), let's go whenever you are ready!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Rana:''' Sure! It's not far to the west.
:;(Continues to next quest)
:{{DIcon}} I need to take care of some things first.
::'''Rana:''' Okay. Give me a shout when you're ready.

;(Talk to Rana again)
:'''Rana:''' Come on, (Traveler), let's go whenever you are ready!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Rana:''' Sure! It's not far to the west.
:;(Continues to next quest)
:{{DIcon}} I need to take care of some things first.
::'''Rana:''' Okay. Give me a shout when you're ready.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*While telling stories to the kids, the quest assumes that the [[Archon Quest]]s up to [[Chapter II]], Act III: ''[[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]'' have been completed. However, the only prerequisite for starting the ''Aranyaka'' quests is unlocking a [[Statue of The Seven]] in Sumeru, which is possible immediately after completing [[Prologue]], Act I: ''[[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]''. As a result, it is possible to tell stories about events that have technically never occurred.
* The Traveler and Paimon reference Kaeya and the tales told to them in {{Quest|Kaeya's Troubles}} in the following lines during this quest:
** '''Paimon:''' Hey... Isn't there someone that knows stories of the eight-headed hydras, silver-haired banshees, and the wicked abyss dragon? Paimon thinks everyone would be happy if that person was here.
** {{DIcon}} We ran across the grandson of some pirate.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Children of Vimara Village
|zhs     = 维摩庄的孩子
|zhs_rm  = Wéimó-zhuāng de Háizi
|zht     = 維摩莊的孩子
|zht_rm  = Wéimó-zhuāng de Háizi
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ヴィマラ村の子供
|ja_rm   = Vimara-mura no Kodomo
|ja_tl   = The Children of Vimara Village
|ko      = 비마라 마을의 아이들
|ko_rm   = Bimara Maeul-ui Aideul
|ko_tl   = The Children of Vimara Village
|es      = Los niños de la Aldea Vimara
|es_tl   = The Children of Vimara Village
|fr      = Les enfants de Vimara
|fr_tl   = The Children of Vimara
|ru      = Дети из деревни Вимара
|ru_tl   = The Children from Vimara Village
|th      = เด็กในหมู่บ้าน Vimara
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trẻ Con Làng Vimara
|vi_tl   = Children of Vimara Village
|de      = Die Kinder von Vimara
|de_tl   = The Children of Vimara
|id      = Anak Desa Vimara
|id_tl   = Children of Vimara Village
|pt      = As Crianças da Vila Vimara
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Vimara Köyü Çocukları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I bambini del Villaggio di Vimara
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Los niños de la Aldea Vimara]]
[[fr:Les enfants de Vimara]]
[[vi:Trẻ Con Làng Vimara]]