{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41311
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Lantern Rite
|actNum        = I
|actType       = Part
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 23 and complete [[Alatus Chapter]] Act I: [[Butterfly's Dream]]
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|next          = Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*30,000
|characters    = Bolai; Changchang; Jiangzhou; Jingming; Madame Ping; Paimon; Traveler; Verr Goldet; Wang'ya; Yi'nian
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Origin of the Lanterns''' is the Event Quest for Part I of the [[Lantern Rite]] event.

In order to unlock the event and its quests, [[Alatus Chapter]] Act I: [[Butterfly's Dream]] must be completed. For the duration of the event, the Story Quest's requisite Adventure Rank has been lowered to AR 23 (from 40) and no Story Key is required.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Verr Goldet]]
#Go to [[Liyue Harbor]]
#Talk to [[Changchang]]
#Talk to [[Madame Ping]]
#Talk to [[Jiangzhou]]
#Talk to [[Wang'ya]]
#Talk to [[Yi'nian]]
#*Obtain ×1 [[Xiao Lantern]]
#Report back to Wang'ya
#Talk to [[Jingming]]
#*Learn how to make a Xiao Lantern via crafting
#Report back to Wang'ya

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|On the day of the first full moon each year, the people of [[Liyue]] celebrate Lantern Rite. At nighttime, everyone in Liyue releases [[Xiao Lantern]]s and the Mingxiao Lantern into the bright night sky. Each Xiao Lantern contains a piece of [[Plaustrite]] that makes it float, and people hang wish sticks from them, which carry their hearts' desires in written or painted form. The lanterns slowly fly away, carrying the hope that the light they emit might guide the souls of Liyue's faithful protectors home, that they might return and be reunited with their people once more. You and [[Paimon]] arrive in Liyue as the festival is in full swing, preparing to enjoy yourselves...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Verr Goldet)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 01.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Lantern Rite is nearly here, why don't we decorate the inn this year...
:{{DIcon}} "Lantern Rite"?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 02.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Oh! Don't you know? On the first full moon of the first month each year, [[Liyue]] celebrates the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]].
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 03.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' It's a festival to commemorate the heroes from the past. After dark, the people release Xiao and Mingxiao Lanterns into the night sky.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 04.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Ah... "May the flames of wisdom spread to all, and never be extinguished." This is the meaning of the lanterns. We believe they act as the beacons in the night, guiding bygone heroes back to their homeland.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... It sounds like a grand festival.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And where there's a grand festival, there's always special seasonal snacks!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, you catch [[Paimon]]'s drift?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 05.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' You want get involved in the Lantern Rite? That's great! The festive period leading up to the day itself is all part of the celebrations.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 06.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Haha... During this time, we pray to bring peace and ward off bad luck. Liyue locals call it "bidding farewell to the old and welcoming the new."
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 07.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' If you're looking to take part, it's not too late.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 08.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Oh, um... also...
:{{DIcon}} Also what?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 09.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' If you're able to... ahem... could you... try to convince Xiao to go with you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 10.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' We're not close, I wouldn't know how to ask him myself. But it seems that you've grown familiar...
:{{DIcon}} Still, given his current mood...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon thinks it might be best to leave him alone for a few days...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 11.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' I suppose you're right... Anyway! Just thought I'd mention it. You should get yourselves down to {{Color|buzzword|the harbor}}.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 12.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' If you leave too late, the city will be crowded with people and  you won't be able to make the most of it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 1 verrgoldet 13.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Get going! Happy Lantern Rite!
----
;(Upon reaching Liyue Harbor)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 01b.ogg}} '''Bolai:'''  Young {{MC|man|lady|mc=1}}, if I may be so bold. How much for the floating thing?
:{{DIcon}} It's not for sale!
::{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's not for sale!
:{{DIcon}} Trust me, you couldn't afford it.
::{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 01b_1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a strange thing to say!
::{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 01b_2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon's curious... What number did you have in mind, exactly?
::{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 01b_3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, forget it. Let's assume you meant Paimon is worth more than Mora can buy.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Hahaha... As a matter of fact, I'm having some financial trouble recently. I probably couldn't afford it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 03.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I'm just a small-time merchant anyway, I don't deal in rare and exotic treasures.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y'know, the more you talk, the more suspicious you sound...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 04.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' My, someone's in a grumpy mood aren't they? Here, maybe some candy will make you feel better?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Ooh, suspiciously trustworthy!
:{{DIcon}} Ah, typical Paimon...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 05.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' So, I assume you two are in Liyue for the Lantern Rite?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 06.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' This year's Mingxiao Lantern is supposed to be a sight well worth the wait. The Plaustrite that will lift the lantern into the air is the largest in twenty years!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 07.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' It's big enough to make you wonder... if the [[Celestia|fabled floating city in the clouds]] really does exist...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 08.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I  guess it must just be held up by a similarly sized chunk of Plaustrite.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds awesome!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 bolai 09.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Haha! I hope our paths cross again. Welcome to Liyue! ...Well, I can't speak for the whole of {{Color|buzzword|Liyue Harbor}}, but you're always welcome in my store at least!

;(After cutscene)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so many stalls...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here, there, everywhere...
----
;(Talk to Changchang)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 3 changchang 01.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' I'm Changchang, I just donated Dolly. She's my ragdoll.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 3 changchang 02.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' Last night in my dream, Dolly told me her wish was to fly up into the sky and see the view.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 3 changchang 03.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' So I gave her to the lady over by the big deer lantern. Dolly's wish will come true now, won't it?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 3 changchang 04.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' I did the right thing, didn't I? Wishes are supposed to come true at the Lantern Rite, aren't they?
----
;(Talk to Madame Ping)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' This year's Mingxiao Lantern is dedicated to [[Skybracer]]... He always was a show off &mdash; I'm sure he will be very pleased!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 02.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Well, that's the plan. I do hope they make the antlers big enough, they were his pride and joy after all.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' The story goes that the antlers were made from the very essence of Rex Lapis' divine power, which made it the hardest material in all of Liyue.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 04.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' But then, that fateful battle happened... The gods exchanged powerful blows, and the mountains started collapsing. To avoid impacting the villagers at the foot of the mountain, the [[Adepti|adeptus]] got his friend to chop his antlers off...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 05.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' He used those blood-drenched antlers as a wedge to prop up the mountain. And if that wasn't enough of a sacrifice, he then kept on fighting until his blood was drained and his life ran out...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 06.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Thanks to him, Mt. Tianheng still stands tall and proud to this day. And the blood that he lost in the battle turned into the Bishui River.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 07.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Hehehe... Whether you believe the story or not, I'm just happy you're willing to listen to me tell it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 08.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Surely, the reason the Lantern Rite exists is because people throughout the ages have chosen to come together as friends rather than stay in isolation.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 4 madameping 09.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Goodbye. May the flames of wisdom spread to all, and never be extinguished.
----
;(Talk to Jiangzhou)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, {{Traveler}}! That chained-up stone is floating in the air.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it wasn't held down, who knows where it would fly off to?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 01.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' This is the [[Plaustrite]] to be used for the Mingxiao Lantern. The whole of the Xiao Market is centered around it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hello. Who are you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 02.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' I'm Jiangzhou. Recently, I've been tracking progress on the construction of the Mingxiao Lantern.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 03.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' You seem like newcomers &mdash; is this your first Lantern Rite?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes... How can you tell?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 04.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' Well, I don't remember running into any weird and wonderful mascots at last year's festival.
:{{DIcon}} What is the Mingxiao Lantern, exactly?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 05.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' You'll see lots of people releasing little lanterns during the festival &mdash; those ones are called Xiao Lanterns. But there's also a huge one, a joint effort by all the people of Liyue Harbor. That one is called the Mingxiao Lantern.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 06.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' Almost every business in Liyue has a booth at the annual Xiao Market &mdash; but despite its popularity, this is the one time of the year they're not looking to make a profit. The street market exists solely to raise the funds and materials required for the Mingxiao Lantern construction.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this Xiao Market... Does it have stuff you can eat?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 07.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' Plenty! And if I do say so myself, the Lantern Rite is the best festival for sampling Liyue's local delicacies.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 08.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' It is Liyue's biggest annual festival, after all. Showing off your craft is a great way to drum up a reputation.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 09.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' So, even if there's no Mora to be made, everyone is secretly going all out to get their produce under the spotlight.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Folks in Liyue are so smart...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 10.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' If you need any help you can look for {{Color|buzzword|[[Wang'ya]]}}, she's overseeing the Lantern Rite.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 11.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' She's usually somewhere around the Xiao Market, she's your first port of call.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, will she know which stall sells the tastiest stuff?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 jiangzhou 12.ogg}} '''Jiangzhou:''' No doubt. When it comes to the Lantern Rite, no one knows more than she does.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it! {{Traveler}}, let's go to the Xiao Market and look for {{Color|buzzword|Wang'ya}}!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then... go to the stall with the tastiest food and eat till we're stuffed!
----
;(Talk to [[Wang'ya]])
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 01.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Hi, can I help you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 02.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Huh, from the look of you, you don't hail from Liyue... Are you traveling through? Welcome to the Xiao Market.
:{{DIcon}} Are you overseeing the Lantern Rite?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 03.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Overseeing... Not exactly. The Lantern Rite festival belongs to the whole of Liyue, it's not just one person's to oversee.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 04.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' I'm just taking care of a few small things. Doing my bit to make sure ever one who joins in the festivities has a good time.
:{{DIcon}} I've got a few things I'd like to ask...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We want to know where the tastiest food in the whole wide Xiao Market is!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 05.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Hmm... the tastiest? Hard to say, I guess that depends on your personal preference. Still, what I can tell you is that everyone's talking about {{Color|buzzword|Yi'nian's}} stall.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 06.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' If it gets any busier over there, I'm going to have to bring the [[Millelith]] to keep things orderly.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 07.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Hey, you'd best get over there quick before the streets get too crowded with people.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 08.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Oh, and if you are heading to Yi'nian, please do me a favor and run this document over to him.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 09.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' It's a summary of the data from last year's Lantern Rite, compiled by the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]. It has a few operational tips for our vendors. If you're heading in that direction, it'd be a great help.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 6 wangya 10.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' As thanks, I've got a gift for you, when you get back.

;(Talk to Wang'ya again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj001 wangya 01.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' You better get going if you want to get to {{Color|buzzword|Yi'nian's}} food stall. It'll be packed soon!
----
;(Talk to [[Yi'nian]])
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 01.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' We really don't have enough hands on deck, if I'd known, I would've roped some others in...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's the best thing on the menu!?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 02.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Ah, customers. Take a look and decide for yourself. I can do anything on the menu. Or if there's something in particular you're after, I can do that instead!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woo-hoo! Paimon'll have...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Now that you mention it, you do have a lot of options for a food stall...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 03.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Naturally! If there's a dish I can't cook, I've yet to hear about it.
:{{DIcon}} This is a document from Wang'ya.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 04.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Aha, same every year... the ol' operational tips! How's this for a tip &mdash; leave the handbook to one side and concentrate on the killer cooking!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 05.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Ugh, hand it over. I'll use it to feed the fire later.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 06.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Come on then, place your orders, aren't ya here to eat?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are so many... This one looks good, but Paimon wants to try that one too...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Grilled Tiger Fish? That's the one Pervases loved to eat, isn't it?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Seeing as the Lantern Rite is about commemorating the heroes of the heroes of the past, let's order this one. This can be our way of honoring his memory.
:{{DIcon}} You mean your way of ordering your dinner...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon strikes again...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 07.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Ah, your friend has a good eye for food. That's our specialty.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 08.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Please wait, I'll have it ready for you in no time.
:{{Black Screen|''Yi'nian starts to make Grilled Tiger Fish...''}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 09.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Okay! Here's your Grilled Tiger Fish. What do you think?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmm, delicious!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's an expert in eating...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! What kind of a guide would Paimon be otherwise?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 10.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' Hahaha &mdash; well, hope you enjoy your food. I gotta see to some other customers.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 7 yinian 11.ogg}} '''Yi'nian:''' If you get hungry again, you know where I am!
----
;(Talk to Wang'ya)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 wangya 01.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' So you're back, what do you think? Yi'nian makes some mean grub, huh?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh, soooo tasty!
:{{DIcon}} He said he wouldn't look at the document...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 wangya 02.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Oh yeah? ...He said that last year, too... If he'd listened to our marketing tips, he'd be doing even better by now.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 wangya 03.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Anyway, not to worry. Here's the gift I was talking about. This Xiao Lantern is for you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Such a beautiful lantern! How is it made?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 wangya 04.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Uh... I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to explain concisely.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 wangya 05.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' But if you re interested in Xiao Lanterns, you can ask {{Color|buzzword|Jingming}} over there. He's in charge of both the Xiao and Mingxiao Lanterns.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So he's responsible for the super-duper huge one too?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 wangya 06.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' That's right! He should be easy to find. Just over there, I think.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we could make a Xiao Lantern for Xiao... maybe that would cheer him up a bit!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's find {{Color|buzzword|Jingming}} and see what he has to say.

;(Talk to Wang'ya again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj001 wangya 02.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' If you're interested in Xiao Lanterns, you can ask {{Color|buzzword|Jingming}} over there. He's in charge of both the Xiao and Mingxiao Lanterns.
----
;(Talk to Jingming)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 01.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' At this rate... we should be able to meet the deadline...
:{{DIcon}} Could you teach us how to make Xiao Lanterns?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 02.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Teach you how to make Xiao Lanterns? Oh... you don't look like locals to me. Looking to try your hand at making your own?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 03.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' I'll be happy to teach you. There's no one way to make a Xiao Lantern, but let me start by showing you the simplest one.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 04.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' I should some spare materials over here... Uh, just a second! Ah they still need a bit of work. Take these, and give it a go.
:;(Craft some Xiao Lanterns)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was so complicated... Paimon is all out of brain juice. Did you get it?
:{{DIcon}} Just about...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 05.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Hahaha, it all comes with practice. No one's expecting your first try to be perfect.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 06.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Folks like you who want to learn my craft are a rare find nowadays...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you build that humongous Mingxiao Lantern using this same method?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 07.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' That one? ...Hmm, I suppose it's fair to say the method is the same &mdash; broadly speaking. But no single person can take credit for it. The whole of Liyue comes together to make it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it was a community effort?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 08.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Surely you've heard about it? The Xiao Market is actually a fundraiser, aiming to support the Mingxiao Lantern's construction.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... So that's how the Mingxiao Lantern is built...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 09.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Such is the Lantern Rite tradition. The Ministry of Civil Affairs might be covering the bulk of the costs, but it's the citizens of Liyue that donate the materials, among many other things.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh... So that's what that little girl meant when she said she'd donated her rag doll.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But since when do you build Mingxiao Lanterns out of rag dolls?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 10.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Well, the Lantern Rite is a major festival. If somebody wants to make a contribution, no matter how small...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 11.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' ...Or in this case, symbolic, we tend not to reject them. All well-meaning contributions are gratefully received.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 12.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Especially considering how grand of an occasion Lantern Rite is for everyone. People believe that joining the effort might bring them good luck.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 13.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Heh, alrighty then. Shouldn't you get going? With all that the festival has to offer, I'm sure you must be on a busy schedule.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 14.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Of course, if you want to make another Xiao Lantern at any time, you know where to find me.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 9 jingming 15.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Happy Lantern Rite! Have fun!

;(Talk to Jingming again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj001 jingming 01.ogg}} '''Jingming:''' Building materials... Yes, this seems to be enough... Ah, and I still have these...
----
;(Talk to Wang'ya)
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 10 wangya 01.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' So, did you find Jingming?
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We did, and he taught us all about how to make Xiao Lanterns!
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though Paimon can't really remember any of it...
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 10 wangya 02.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' Hehe, no worries! You can always ask Jingming if you need to refresh your memory.
:{{A|vo eqhdj001 10 wangya 03.ogg}} '''Wang'ya:''' I should go, duty calls! Happy Lantern Rite!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Origin of the Lanterns
|zhs     = 灯自何处来
|zhs_rm  = Dēng Zì Hé Chù Lái
|zht     = 燈自何處來
|zht_rm  = Dēng Zì Hé Chù Lái
|zh_tl   = Where Did the Lantern Come From?
|ja      = いずこより来りし灯
|ja_rm   = Izukoyori Kirishi Hi
|ja_tl   = The Origin of the Lanterns
|ko      = 등의 출처
|ko_rm   = Deung-ui Chulcheo
|ko_tl   = Source of Lantern
|es      = El origen de las linternas
|es_tl   = The Origin of the Lanterns
|fr      = L'origine des lanternes
|fr_tl   = The Origin of the Lanterns
|ru      = Откуда появились фонари
|ru_tl   = Where the Lanters Come From
|th      = แสงมาจากไหนกันนะ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Where Does the Light Come From?
|vi      = Đèn Từ Đâu Mà Đến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Den Lichtern hinterher
|de_tl   = After the Lights
|id      = Asal-Usul Lentera
|id_tl   = Lantern Origin
|pt      = Lanterna de Origem Desconhecida
|pt_tl   = Lantern of Unknown Origin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ja:いずこより来りし灯]]
[[pt-br:Lanterna de Origem Desconhecida]]
[[ru:Откуда появились фонари]]