{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02004
|image         = Archon Quest C2A1 The Meaning of Meaningless Wait.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|part          = 5
|description   = The village guardian who has lost his Vision seems to have forgotten why he had remained there in the first place...
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Konda Village]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = Three Wishes
|next          = To Treat the Well-Meaning Well
|exp           = 800
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Kenjirou; Mahiru; Paimon; Paimon; Tejima; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting|chapter=2|act=1|part=5}}

==Steps==
#Go to [[Konda Village]] and find out what happened
#Ask the crowd for news (0/2)
#Talk to [[Tejima]] and find out what happened
#Find the clues to Tejima's memory
#*Interact with Log
#Go investigate the shrine nearby
#*Examine Marks
#Use [[Elemental Sight]] to find clues in the diary
#*Check by a tree to obtain [[Yellowed Letter]]
#Talk to Tejima

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dqaq005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see, where's the person Ayaka told us about...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 1 mahiru 01.ogg}} '''[[Mahiru]]:''' Why are you doing this? Why leave all of a sudden, after all these years?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 1 kenjirou 01.ogg}} '''[[Kenjirou]]:''' Precisely, it's much too sudden. We've had no time to prepare...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 1 kenjirou 02.ogg}} '''Kenjirou:''' The children are desperate for you to take them out to play... Please, we urge you to reconsider!
:{{A|vo dqaq005 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That must be the guy Ayaka told us about. Let's go over and see!

;(Talk to Tejima)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq005 tejima 01.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' ...

----
;(Talk to Mahiru)
:{{A|vo dqaq005 2 mahiru 01.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' Ah... You must also be here to try and convince Tejima to stay?
:{{DIcon}} What's happened?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 2 mahiru 02.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' Tejima has protected this place ever since he arrived here 30 years ago.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 2 mahiru 03.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' Keeping out the Treasure Hoarders, fending off any monsters that draw near, resolving quarrels between the villagers... he has put an enormous amount of work into looking after this place, and we all think the world of him.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 2 mahiru 04.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' But now, all of a sudden, he says he plans to leave us... We can't help but wonder &mdash; was it something we did?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 2 mahiru 05.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' We will gladly apologize if that's the case... All we want is for him to stay...

;(Talk to Mahiru again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq005 mahiru 01.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' What could be the matter...

----
;(Talk to Kenjirou)
:{{A|vo dqaq005 3 kenjirou 01.ogg}} '''Kenjirou:''' *sigh* ...
:{{DIcon}} So why the change?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 3 kenjirou 02.ogg}} '''Kenjirou:''' If you want my opinion, something to do with the [[Vision Hunt Decree]].
:{{A|vo dqaq005 3 kenjirou 03.ogg}} '''Kenjirou:''' It's clear that Tejima had done nothing wrong. And still they confiscated his [[Vision]]. After that... he became a completely different person.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 3 kenjirou 04.ogg}} '''Kenjirou:''' I can't claim to fully understand it, but I could tell that he'd lost something very important to him. He went off on a walk, alone, circled the village a few times, and then out of the blue, he announced that he was going to leave and become a wanderer.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 3 kenjirou 05.ogg}} '''Kenjirou:''' Truth be told, we aren't sure whether trying to keep him here is the right thing to do. But equally... it doesn't feel right to let him leave when he's in this state. He's a lost soul.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like he's a well&mdash;respected guy around here.

;(Talk to Kenjirou again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq005 kenjirou 01.ogg}} '''Kenjirou:''' We can't let him leave while he's in such a bad state...

----
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You must be Tejima? So, what's made you wanna up and leave all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 tejima 01.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' Me...? I... It's not a question of why I want to leave... but a question of... what reason I would have to stay.
:{{DIcon}} You've lived here for a long time.
:{{DIcon}} Everyone depends on you.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 tejima 02.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' True... but that's not why I chose to stay here...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 tejima 03.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' ...and what made me want to come here 30 years ago? And why have I never wanted to leave in all that time?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 tejima 04.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' *sigh* I don't have answers to those questions, because I can't remember anymore. Ever since they took my Vision away, it's like... a slice of my memory is gone.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 tejima 05.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' In the past, I knew I wanted to stay here... but whatever resolve I had then, it's gone now. So I thought, what's to stop me from moving around instead? The emptiness inside me will be there either way.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... Well, in that case, if we help you rediscover the reason you chose to stay, you won't need to leave anymore, right?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... But if you can't remember anything, it's not gonna be easy.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Maybe if you just try a little harder to remember, then... it'll all come flooding back?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 mahiru 01.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' Oh, that reminds me... Last time I brought Tejima some fruit, I do believe I saw him writing in a diary.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 tejima 06.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' ...I keep a diary? If you say so... I honestly can't seem to remember.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 mahiru 02.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' Yes, yes, you do! And what's more, I remember you saying at the time that you wanted to make a note of a few interesting things &mdash; things which would prove very important at a later date.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Perfect! So, if we wanna keep Tejima from leaving, we just need to find his diary. It must be around here somewhere, let's take a look.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 4 mahiru 03.ogg}} '''Mahiru:''' If you don't mind, we will leave you to find the diary... we should head back to the village to inform the others of Tejima's situation.

;(Talk to Tejima again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq005 tejima 01.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' ...
----
;(Interact with the Log)
;'''''(You find an old diary.)'''''
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This looks like Tejima's diary alright.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see what we have here...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Today, the villagers and I got together to cook [[Dry-Braised Salted Fish]]. I messed up and burned mine a little, so I had to pretend that it was Black Snakehead instead."
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Today, I helped rescue a kid who had fallen in the water. After I pulled him out, he told me that his best friend, Banbu, was still in the water. I searched the water the whole afternoon before finding out that Banbu was the name of his pet crab."
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "I went kite&mdash;flying today. The string broke, so I chased after it as fast as I could. I soon realized I was never going to get it back, so I just found somewhere to sit and watch as it flew away into the distance."
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Seems like your average diary of daily village life...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait &mdash; there's more!
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "I went to pray at the shrine again today, and stayed there a while. The omamori<ref group="Note">A Japanese amulet</ref> you gave me has faded a little, but it is still my most treasured possession..."
:{{A|vo dqaq005 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that's the kind of info we're looking for! Time to pay a visit to the shrine!
----
;(Examine the marks)
;'''''(You find an omamori.)'''''
:{{A|vo dqaq005 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the omamori Tejima wrote about.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Interesting... looking at the color and the design, Paimon would've thought it belonged to a child.<ref group="Note">The Chinese version specifies {{Lang|girl|zh=女孩子}}.</ref> ...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But anyway, if he had this with him all the time, there's a chance some of his elemental energy remained on it. D'you think that might come in handy?

;(Check the marks by the tree)
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here we are! This seems to be somewhere that Tejima visited a lot.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The soil looks like it's been disturbed... Maybe Tejima buried something precious here &mdash; something that's kept him in the village all these years?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Must be something pretty amazing if it made him stick around for 30 years. Let's dig it up and take a look~!
:;(The two dig away the three rocks by the tree)
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like... a letter? The paper's gone yellow &mdash; must have been written a really long time ago.
;'''''(You obtain a [[Yellowed Letter|letter]]. In it, someone seems to make an agreement with Tejima to meet in Konda Village.)'''''
::'''Yellowed Letter:''' "If we become separated during war, go wait for me in Konda Village. There'll be a safe home for us there."
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Konda Village"... Sounds so familiar &mdash; where is that place, again?
:{{DIcon}} It's here.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So the reason Tejima came here was to wait for someone?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But he's been here for 30 years... Aw, guess they didn't show up in the end, huh...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, let's go give Tejima his stuff back and take it from there.
----
;(Talk to Tejima)
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 01.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' Well, I'll be... That's certainly my handwriting... and I guess the omamori and letter belong to me too.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 02.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' ...But I have no memory of anything that's written in this diary.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 03.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' Still... it's clear that I was waiting for someone here, and that I chose to wait for 30 years.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 04.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' Over the years, I must have made a note of anything interesting... anything that I could share with her when we were finally reunited.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 05.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' And just look at all the things that did happen over the years... The time has flown by so quickly. 30 years feels like the blink of an eye.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 06.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' How could I have forgotten something so important to me? Hmm... Now that I think about it, when my Vision was taken from me, it felt like I'd suddenly been... hollowed out.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 07.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' Love, regret... everything I felt for her... it's all disappeared.
:{{DIcon}} Does that make you feel sad?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 08.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' No... not especially.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 09.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' After all, I've forgotten who she was. Her face, her voice, the things we experienced together... I barely recall any of it.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 10.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' It's as if she'd never been in my life to begin with... as if, all these years have been nothing but a hazy dream.
<!-- :{{A}} '''Tejima:''' I can no longer remember those days, but my desire to "see her again" is probably the strongest desire I have left.--><!-- Scrapped (https://youtu.be/5brypbip_ag?t=686) -->
:{{DIcon}} So, do you still plan on leaving?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 11.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' Mm... I think... maybe not. If this is something I waited most of my life for, I suppose I should carry on waiting.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 12.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' Although, what if she were to turn up eventually, only to find I didn't remember so much as her name... Wouldn't that be upsetting for her?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 13.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' When I think about it like that... I do feel a slight tinge of sadness in my heart.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 14.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' How curious... Why am I thinking like this when I don't even remember who she is? It's just like that feeling of emptiness, the feeling that something is... missing...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 15.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' *sigh* Thank you both for helping me reconnect with my reason for staying here.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 tejima 16.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' I shall remain here, and keep waiting for her.
<!-- :'''Tejima:''' I hope that I'll be able to provide a stable home for her, just as I promised. --><!-- Scrapped (https://youtu.be/5brypbip_ag?t=742) -->
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tejima seems to be dealing... okay, but still... it makes Paimon really sad...
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, me too...
:{{DIcon}} Losing a reason to feel sad is maybe the saddest thing of all.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems it's just like Ayaka and Thoma were saying. If you lose your Vision, you lose all your hopes and dreams, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That certainly explains the state Tejima was in earlier.
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At least we were able to help him... weren't we?
:{{A|vo dqaq005 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* ...Well, let's go find the next person.
{{dialogue end}}<!-- both are unused

===Unsorted voice-over===
* {{A|vo dialog dqaq005 tejima 02.ogg}} '''Tejima:''' I'll stay here, and keep waiting for her...
* {{A|vo dqaq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This should be the place.-->

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|zhs     = 无意义的等待的意义
|zhs_rm  = Wú Yìyì de Děngdài de Yìyì
|zht     = 無意義的等待的意義
|zht_rm  = Wú Yìyì de Děngdài de Yìyì
|zh_tl   = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|ja      = 無意味に待つことの意味
|ja_rm   = Muimi ni Matsu Koto no Imi
|ja_tl   = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|ko      = 무의미한 기다림의 의미
|ko_rm   = Muuimihan Gidarim-ui Uimi
|ko_tl   = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|es      = El sentido de la espera sinsentido
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = L'utilité d'une attente inutile...
|fr_tl   = The Point of an Unnecessary Waiting...
|ru      = Смысл бессмысленных ожиданий
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ความหมายของการรอคอยที่ไร้ความหมาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|vi      = Ý Nghĩa Của Việc Chờ Đợi Vô Nghĩa
|vi_tl   = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|de      = Der Sinn des sinnlosen Wartens
|de_tl   = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|id      = Arti dari Penantian Tak Berarti
|id_tl   = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|pt      = O Significado da Espera Sem Sentido
|pt_tl   = The Meaning of the Meaningless Wait
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[Category:Archon Chapter 2]]

[[pt-br:O Significado da Espera Sem Sentido]]