{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03010
|image         = Archon Quest C3A2 The Samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = II
|act           = The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings
|part          = 4
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dehya; Dunyarzad; Nahida; Paimon; Traveler; Azar <!-- as ??? -->
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = The Continuation of the Sabzeruz Festival
|next          = The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival
|exp           = 450
|mora          = 18,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|7}} {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival|chapter=3|act=2|part=4}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Nahida]]
# Talk to [[Dehya]]
# Talk to [[Nahida]]
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Now you know very well that this is not the first time you have attended the Sabzeruz Festival. To save Dunyarzad, you must find a way to get to the bottom of the truth.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(A flashback is briefly shown)
;(The Traveler and Paimon finish remembering by Nahida and the real Dunyarzad)
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers everything!
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Good, you adapted quickly this time.
:{{DIcon}} At the end of last night...
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We definitely took off our [[Akasha]] Terminals last night, but we still heard that beep. Why's that?
:{{DIcon}} We've been implanted with another form of the terminals?
:{{DIcon}} We failed at severing our connections with them?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But now, we can at least confirm one thing: The Akasha definitely has something to do with whatever's trapping us in this cycle!
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it... Why would the Akasha go this far if all it wants is everybody's wisdom?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's extremely difficult for lab rats in an experiment to understand why they're being treated the way they are.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we're lab rats, then what are you? Nahida, you've never told us anything about yourself...
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm... I guess I'm the Moon.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Moon? Wasn't that the result of our divination?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Anyway, knowing who I am won't help you get closer to the truth, so you should focus on other things. Don't get distracted and miss any clues~
:{{A|vo xmaq011 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then... Dehya helped us a lot yesterday, so let's go find her. If Paimon's reading the time correctly, those kidnappers should be showing up soon.
;(A scene transition occurs)
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah, there you are. I've already taken care of those kidnappers. My lady, did you get hurt?
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, something's not right...
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Dehya!?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' What's wrong? Why are you both gawking at me like that?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You didn't get hurt this time!?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh? What do you mean, "this time"? Why are you so surprised that I managed to get out unscathed? Those kids were amateurs.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you still getting used to your new greatsword?
:{{DIcon}} Your unfamiliarity usually lands you some scratches.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Shhh... How did you know about my greatsword? I haven't told anyone about it. Please don't tell Miss Dunyarzad!
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Dehya's lost her memories after all...
:{{DIcon}} During your battle...
:{{DIcon}} Did anything feel strange?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Anything strange...? You already know that I got a new greatsword. Hmm... if I had to say something, it's weird how such a new weapon could feel so familiar.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It's as if... I've already used it to fight a countless number of battles.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're saying that although you don't remember using it, your body... feels like it does?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's right. Both mercenaries and warriors heavily rely on muscle memory. Only knowing the theory of battle won't get you anywhere.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, what do you think?
:{{DIcon}} Could it be because we removed our Akasha Terminals?
:{{DIcon}} This has never happened before...
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon's feeling really hopeful!
:{{DIcon}} Is it possible that... we have already broken free?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, you're right! Earlier in the samsara, something like this would've never happened.
:{{DIcon}} We'll know for sure at the end of the day.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I have no clue what you two are talking about, but it's still dangerous here, so&mdash;
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you want us to take Dunyarzad somewhere else to rest while you check if there are still more kidnappers around. Right?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' How did you know what I was gonna say...? Can you read minds?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Forget it, go and do your thing.
;(A scene transition occurs)
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Phew, it's finally nighttime. Aside from Dehya not getting injured, everything seems to have stayed the same.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Listen, Nahida! We found out that Dehya got out just fine today, even though she got injured every other time she fought the kidnappers.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think the samsara has been broken? Have we saved Dunyarzad?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Really? Good job on all that progress. Get some good sleep tonight.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what kind of an answer is that?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' "Tomorrow will come." Everyone assumes this as common knowledge, but the only way you can know that for sure is if you experience tomorrow.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' How many "today"s has it been? Is it possible that "today" will be followed by "yesterday"? Does "tomorrow" truly exist as anything beyond a made-up concept?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's even possible that this entire world is a lie, and the history of the whole world has just been one endless Sabzeruz Festival.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, okay, no more! Paimon's brain has already shut down!
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe... That's why it makes no sense to waste your energy thinking about things you will learn tomorrow.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Get some good rest! Ya know... Use the bathroom and flush your anxiety dookie away~
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Hold on, what did you just say? Did Paimon hear you correctly?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hm? People always say they feel a sense of relief after they take a dook-dook. That's why I suggested you could try that. Is that so strange?
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... It's so strange and so against common sense that Paimon is at a loss for words... You were sounding kinda smart just a minute ago!
:{{DIcon}} ...We're going to go get some rest.
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... Even though it's happy and lively at the Sabzeruz Festival every day, it feels like it's been a long time since we've really gotten to relax. Let's go back to our room.
:{{color|menu|A plan has been set in motion somewhere unknown to you...}}
:{{A|Akasha Terminal Beep.ogg}} '''???:''' *beep*
:{{A|vo xmaq011 3 azar 01.ogg}} '''[[Azar|???]]:''' Continue the harvest. Compared to what we stand to achieve, these sacrifices are trivial.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Attempting to leave Sumeru City===
{{Transclude|The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival|Attempting to leave Sumeru City}}

==Trivia==
{{Transclude|The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings|steins;gate reference|section=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival
|zhs     = 轮回意志的花神诞祭
|zhs_rm  = Lúnhuí Yìzhì de Huāshéndànjì
|zht     = 輪迴意志的花神誕祭
|zht_rm  = Lúnhuí Yìzhì de Huāshéndànjì
|zh_tl   = The Reincarnated Will of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ja      = 意志を輪廻せし花神誕祭
|ja_rm   = Ishi wo RInne seshi Kashin Tansai
|ja_tl   = Flower God's Birthday Festival of Will's Samsara
|ko      = 윤회하는 화신 탄신 축제
|ko_rm   = Yunhoehaneun Hwasin Tansin Chukje
|ko_tl   = Transmigrating Flower God's Birthday Festival
|es      = El samsara interminable del Festival Sabzeruz
|es_tl   = The Endless Samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival
|fr      = La répétition du Festival Sabzeruz
|fr_tl   = The Repetition of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ru      = Колесо Сансары Сабзеруза
|ru_tl   = The Wheel of Sabzeruz Samsara
|th      = สังสารวัฏเทศกาล Sabzeruz
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lễ Hội Sabzeruz Luân Hồi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das wiederkommende Sabzeruz-Fest
|de_tl   = The Returning Sabzeruz Festival
|id      = Samsara dari Festival Sabzeruz
|id_tl   = The Samsara from Sabzeruz Festival
|pt      = O Samsara do Festival Sabzeruz
|pt_tl   = The Samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival
|tr      = Sabzeruz Festivalinin Samsarası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il samsara del Festival del Sabzeruz
|it_tl   = The Samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 3]]

[[es:El samsara interminable del Festival Sabzeruz]]