{{Event Tabs}}
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{Black Screen|Hmmm... What kind of specialty would mother like?}}

;(Begin the event)
:'''Chasca:''' A rare day off... I should pay mother a visit... Hmm, is that a shop up ahead? I might as well buy some specialties while I'm here.

:Click here to go to the shop
;(Click Shop)
:'''Shopkeeper:''' Ah, isn't this Miss Chasca! It's all thanks to your constant mediation that we can do business in peace!
:'''Shopkeeper:''' So, what can I get for you? I'll give you a discount!
:'''Chasca:''' No need for any discount. Solving conflicts is merely my duty. Do you have any recommended specialties for parents?
:'''Shopkeeper:''' All the fresh specialties are right here! Feel free to choose!

;(Click Embercore Flower, Spinel Fruit or Grainfruit)
:'''Chasca:''' Hmm, I'll take this. Here's the Mora, please take it.
:'''Shopkeeper:''' Got it, thanks for your patronage!

:'''Chasca:''' Where could mother be now...? Hmm, let me follow the map and search for her.

;(Click A Bustling Place)
:'''Short-Tempered Tribesperson''' You... How could you do this!?
:'''Stubborn Tribesperson''' So what if I did! You're gonna punch me?
:'''Chasca:''' I could hear your pointless argument from a distance. Why don't you do me a favor and talk it out peacefully?
:'''Stubborn Tribesperson''' S—Sure, Chasca!
:'''Stubborn Tribesperson''' Ahem, we're just having a much-heated discussion, like... liquid Phlogiston, right, my friend?
:'''Short-Tempered Tribesperson''' Uh... Ah! Yes, exactly! My... good friend! Rest assured, Miss Chasca, we'll definitely "talk it out"!
:'''Chasca:''' Good. I hope I won't have to witness another scene like this if I come back later.
:'''Chasca:''' She's not here... But at least I stopped a fight. Let me check somewhere else.

;(Click A Familiar Place)
:'''Cusco:''' That's odd... I heard Chasca was nearby?
:'''Cusco:''' Is she hiding from me again... That girl, off on some adventure, no doubt!
:'''Cusco:''' She always hides her injuries from the "family"... If I catch her...
:'''Cusco:''' —I'll make sure to ban her from flying for three days so she can rest properly!
:'''Chasca:''' ...
:'''Chasca:''' *sigh* Papa still worries as much as ever.
:'''Chasca:''' Looks like mother's not here. I'll leave something behind... and check elsewhere.
:'''Cusco:''' Huh? When did this necklace get here... Looks like it's handcrafted?
:'''Cusco:''' There's also a note under it... "For my important family"...
:'''Cusco:''' —Chasca! Come out here!

;(Click A Quiet Place)
:'''Chasca:''' Mother, so this is where you are!
:'''Chasca:''' I brought this interesting specialty from the tribe. I hope you like it.
:'''Chasca:''' Don't worry, I'm doing well among the humans.
:'''Chasca:''' Yeah, I missed you too.

;(Click Chasca after receiving the rewards; one will play randomly)
:'''Chasca:''' It's been quite a few days, but mother still looks full of vigor.
:'''Chasca:''' Is there anything else you'd like to have as gifts? I'll bring them next time.
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Смысл полёта/История]]
[[vi:Ý Nghĩa Của Bay Lượn/Cốt Truyện]]