{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73070
|image         = World Quest The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = II
|act           = Dream Nursery
|part          = 
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arama; Arasudraka; Paimon; Traveler
|requirement   = [[Encounter in the Woods]]
|startLocation = [[Ashavan Realm]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|parent        = Children of the Forest
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}{{Card|Vasoma Fruit|1}}
}}
'''''The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[Aranyaka]]: Part II - Dream Nursery.

==Steps==
# Head to the designated location to look for clues about Ashvattha's Concourses
# Talk to Arama
# Observe the Sumeru Roses to find the hidden song
#Play the music according to the pattern of the roses
#*You can now use the [[Vintage Lyre]] on a [[Sprouting Branch]] to summon [[Dendrogranum|Healthy Dendrograna]].
# Head to the designated location
# Unlock the road ahead using the Rhythm of the Sprout
# Keep going and reach Ashvattha's Concourse
# Clean up the [[The Withering|Withering Zone]]
# Investigate the trees inside Ashvattha's Concourse
#*Touch the tree to enter a quest domain. Bringing along a bow user is recommended. Skip the next step if you touch the tree immediately.
# Talk to Arama and enter the [[Vasara Tree]]'s dream
# Explore the dream of the Vasara Tree
# Investigate the Vasara Tree
# Talk to Arama

=== Exploring the Vasara Tree's Dream ===
# Go towards the green barrier and defeat the Fungi.
# Touch the [[Claustroflora]] to open a new passage.
# Use the [[Dendrogranum|Dendrograna]] to make charged shots at the three floating targets in the next area.
# Use the [[Vintage Lyre]] to summon Healthy Dendrograna and make charged shots at the next three floating targets.
# Get on the elevating platform to go up.
# Defeat all the Fungi and leave the domain.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|According to Arakavi, Arayasa, Aradasa, and Arasudraka are looking for clues about Ashvattha's Concourses in the wild. Arama will meet up with them later. Join them in the search of the concourses, for it is the key to finding Vasoma Fruits.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? That's Arama over there, right? Let's go see what he's up to!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You meet Arama and some Aranara that you've never seen before...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Arama and Arasudraka)
:'''Paimon:''' Arama! Here we are again!
:'''Arama:''' Yes! Nara (Traveler) and Paimon! Hello! This is Arasudraka.
:'''Arasudraka:''' Ooh! Nara (Traveler) and Paimon! Nice to meet you! The Golden Nara is tall and strong, just like the song says!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's really happy to meet you, too! Is Arasudraka a friend of yours, Arama?
;(If this quest was started first out of the three)
::'''Arama:''' Yes! Arasudraka is a "song gatherer" and often goes to collect all sorts of songs.
::'''Arama:''' Before seeds became saplings, we hid in the leaves together and went to the Dendro Archon's big tree. We watched the Nara sing as they drank water that made them turn silly!
;(If this quest was '''not''' started first out of the three)
::'''Arama:''' Yes! Arasudraka is also a song gatherer.
::'''Arama:''' Before the seeds became saplings, we hid in the leaves together and went to the big tree of Lesser Lord Kusanali to watch Nara sing as they drank water that made them become silly!
:'''Arasudraka:''' Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, do you know any songs?
:'''Paimon:''' Songs... If it were that green fellow, he should know plenty of them!
:'''Arasudraka:''' The green fellow? What's that? A Dusk Bird? A Shroomboar?
:'''Paimon:''' No, no! He is the Anemo Archon of Mondstadt, and also a bard.
:'''Arasudraka:''' Wow! Then he must know a lot of songs!
:'''Arama:''' Amazing! The Anemo Archon must be able to blow the songs to faraway places with the wind!
;(If this quest was started first out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Yep! Speaking of which, is this one of Ashvattha's Concourses?
::'''Arama:''' No, it is not. But it is a great discovery nonetheless. Here lies a song that we Aranara have been unable to find for many, many years.
::'''Arama:''' Aranara song gatherers always pursue the beauty of songs. At the end of time, they will leave behind a song that belongs only to themselves.
::{{DIcon}} Does this have anything to do with Ashvattha's Concourses?
:::'''Arasudraka:''' Seems like here is a song left by Aramaha. If it's true, there should be a Vasara Tree nearby!
::{{DIcon}} Best of luck to you.
:::'''Arama:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler)! This seems to be the song left by Aramaha. If it's true, there should be a Vasara Tree nearby. We lucked out!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers Araja saying something about the Vasara Trees... Let Paimon check the Aranyaka real quick...
::'''Paimon:''' Vasara Trees bear Vasoma Fruits! We should help them, (Traveler)!
;(If this quest was '''not''' started first out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Yep! Speaking of which, is there any song hidden here, too?
::'''Arasudraka:''' This seems to be the song left by Aramaha. So there should be a Vasara Tree nearby!
::'''Paimon:''' Which means we'll be able to collect a Vasoma Fruit... Let's offer some help, too, (Traveler)!
:'''Arama:''' Yay! I get to study songs of the past with Nara!
:'''Arasudraka:''' Aramaha loves this type of rose, but it was Arayama who discovered the way to hide songs in roses! Arayama was proud, so Arayama's roses are proud, too.
:'''Arasudraka:''' So the roses won't tell us. Only a smart Aranara, or maybe a smart Nara, can find the hidden song. But Arasudraka is not smart enough...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry! Hehe, (Traveler) is very smart!
;(If this quest was started first out of the three)
::{{DIcon}} Since it's for Rana...
::{{DIcon}} Right.
::'''Paimon:''' Yup! And anyway, finding stuff is what we do best!
;(If this quest was '''not''' started first out of the three)
::{{DIcon}} Since it's for Rana...
::{{DIcon}} I really am very smart.
::'''Paimon:''' Yep! Leave it to us!

;(Talk to Arama again)
:'''Arama:''' I will become a smart Aranara, just like Nara (Traveler)!

;(Talk to Arasudraka again)
:'''Arasudraka:''' Nara (Traveler) is very smart! That's great!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|It seems that the Aranara of the past left behind some songs within the Sumeru Roses. These songs contain clues to the location of Ashvattha's Concourses. Whether this is true or not, it is best to observe these roses from different perspectives.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Investigate the stone)
:'''Paimon:''' These {{Color|buzzword|patterns}} may have some connection with the "hidden song" in the roses.

;(Find the correct orientation)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Those roses seem to be glowing, and they're forming some kind of musical score... (Traveler), try {{Color|buzzword|playing it with your instrument}}!

;(Play the song)
:'''Arasudraka:''' "Come, come, dreams of the sprouts, memories of the leaves..."
:'''Arama:''' "Look, shining pomegranates, glowing Sunsettias..."
:'''Arama:''' I see. Aranaga's song and Aramaha's song have the same source...
:'''Paimon:''' What do you mean, the same source...?
:'''Arasudraka:''' Songs are like rivers. They derive from the same origin, the "Sourcesong." She is the home to all songs and the source of all great rivers.
:'''Arasudraka:''' Then, it changes when it is sung for different memories and different stories, just like how a great river diverges into creeks.
:'''Arasudraka:''' Just like all the creeks eventually flow into the sea, all the songs eventually converge into one, into the Sourcesong.
:'''Arasudraka:''' So Aranara song gatherers have to find all the songs. That way, we can find the Sourcesong. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, for finding Aramaha's song.
:{{DIcon}} What an impressive aspiration.
::'''Arasudraka:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler)!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Songs will keep growing in numbers and changing along the way, so how can all the songs be found?
:{{DIcon}} But songs will keep growing in numbers...
:'''Arasudraka:''' And so will Aranara. So, if we keep doing our best, there will be no problem!
:'''Arama:''' Aramaha's song can attract Healthy Dendrograna. His Ashvattha's Concourse should be sealed in the same way.
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler) found his song, which means we can get to Ashvattha's Concourse right away!
:'''Arasudraka:''' Yes! Good luck, Nara (Traveler), Paimon, and Arama! I'm going to get ready for Festival Utsava!
:'''Paimon:''' Leave it to us! See you at Festival Utsava, Arasudraka!
:'''Arasudraka:''' Bye!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The song hidden within the rose can attract Healthy Dendrograna. Follow the mysterious traces with Arama and reach Ashvattha's Concourse using the Rhythm of the Sprout.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Sprouting Branch)
:'''Arama:''' Hmm... We should use Aramaha's song to draw power from this sprout and project the power onto that weird ring!

;(Approach the hole)
:'''Paimon:''' This place is affected by the Withering. Seems like we've hit a dead end...
:'''Arama:''' Over here! There's a huge opening.
:'''Paimon:''' This cave is sooo deep... Is Ashvattha's Concourse really in there?
:'''Arama:''' I've done some research on Nara. You always say, "fruits that are nice to drink or millet water don't fear the depth of the room." This is something like that!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh no, it isn't! Anyway, the correct saying is "the scent of fine wine conquers the longest street..."
:'''Arama:''' I see! Paimon's is pretty impressive! I see that I still have a long way to go to be an Aranara as knowledgeable and wise as you.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, of course! Paimon's (Traveler)'s partner, after all!
:'''Arama:''' What is "wine" though? I see Nara making it using fruits or grains. Nara seem to like it a lot. Is it as sweet as fruits?
:'''Paimon:''' Well... Paimon's not quite sure about that either. But when people drink it, they become dumb, dull, they start forgetting stuff.
:'''Arama:''' Eh? That's terrible... Why would Nara drink it? Forgetting things is cruel...
:'''Paimon:''' Perhaps for some people forgetting certain things can make them happy!
:'''Arama:''' Is that so... Many small Nara forget us after they become big Nara. Does forgetting us make them happy?
:'''Paimon:''' That's... not how it works. Hmm... Well, what happens is that people have to forget things in order to grow up.
:'''Arama:''' Looks like there's a lot more about Nara that I need to study! Will you forget us when grow up, (Traveler) and Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course we won't! We're friends!
:'''Arama:''' Yes! Friends!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The concourse seems to be corrupted by The Withering. Clean up the Withering Zone so that you can explore the place.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
<section begin=enter_withering/>
;(The dialogue for entering the Withering Zone is conditional based on the order the three quests are completed)

;(Enter the Withering Zone &mdash; if this was the first quest started out of the three)
:'''Arama:''' Marana's corrosion is getting more serious. Even Ashvattha's Concourse...
:'''Paimon:''' Is this Ashvattha's Concourse? Don't worry, Arama, just leave everything to (Traveler)!

;(Enter the Withering Zone &mdash; if this was the second quest started out of the three)
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, be careful! Marana is here too!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. You be careful too, Arama!

;(Enter the Withering Zone &mdash; if this was the third quest started out of the three)
:'''Arama:''' Even this place has been corroded by Marana... Are you alright, Nara (Traveler)?
:'''Paimon:''' Have some faith in (Traveler), {{MC|he|she}} is very strong!
<section end=enter_withering/>
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You have cleaned up The Withering that was affecting the concourse. Next, try investigating the tree inside it.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
<!-- The investigate the tree dialogue may seem the same across the three quests but there are some significant differences, so no transcluding... -->
;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if this is the first quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Is this... the Vasara Tree? Doesn't seem as lively as Paimon imagined...
::'''Arama:''' Yes, Aramaha resisted very hard, and kept Marana under control to the side. If not, the nearby forest would have become even more terrible.
::'''Arama:''' All the leaves would fall and rot on the ground. The mushrooms would all become angry Fungi, and the birds and beasts would also lie down and return to the ground, leaving only hard white things behind.
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds really scary...
::'''Arama:''' Yes, but thanks to Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Marana has become a lot less troubling!
::'''Arama:''' If it were just Arama alone, it wouldn't have worked at all. I am too young and don't have many memories, so I am not as powerful as other Aranara.
::'''Arama:''' But with memories of adventuring together with Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, my powers will grow!
::{{DIcon}} The same goes for us.
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Friends go on adventures together! That's the spirit!
::{{DIcon}} What's next?
::'''Arama:''' First, we must enter his dream to destroy Marana's lingering influence.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a second... When you say "his dream," you mean that of the Vasara Tree?
::'''Arama:''' That's right. If you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''(Traveler):''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::'''You seem to have entered someone else's dream...'''
::{{DIcon}} I still need a moment.
:::'''(Traveler):''' I still need a moment.
:::'''Arama:''' I'll wait for you.

;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if this is the second quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect Marana's corruption to be here too...
::'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler) is amazing. You drove Marana away easily this time, too.
::'''Arama:''' Aramaha resisted very hard to keep Marana to the side. Without his help, things would have been worse in the nearby forests.
::'''Arama:''' All the leaves would fall and rot on the ground. The mushrooms would all become angry Fungi, and the birds and beasts would lie down and return to the ground, leaving only hard, white things behind.
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds really scary...
::'''Arama:''' Yes, but thanks to Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Marana has become a lot less troubling!
::'''Arama:''' If it were just Arama alone, it wouldn't have worked at all. I am too young and don't have many memories, so I am not as powerful as other Aranara.
::'''Arama:''' But with memories of adventuring together with Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, my powers will grow!
::{{DIcon}} Do we need to enter the dream of the Vasara Tree this time too?
::'''Arama:''' Yes. We must erase all traces of Marana's influence.
::'''Arama:''' That's right. If you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''(Traveler):''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::'''You seem to have entered someone else's dream...'''
::{{DIcon}} I still need a moment.
:::'''(Traveler):''' I still need a moment.
:::'''Arama:''' I'll wait for you.

;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if this is the third quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' Next up, our third Vasoma Fruit!
::{{DIcon}} Let's do this for the Bija...
::{{DIcon}} Let's do this for Rana...
::'''Arama:''' There's also Marana here, but Aramaha resisted very hard and kept Marana under control to the side. If not, the nearby forest would have become even more terrible.
::'''Arama:''' All the leaves would fall and rot on the ground. The mushrooms would all become angry Fungi, and the birds and beasts would lie down and return to the ground, leaving only hard, white things behind.
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds really scary...
::'''Arama:''' Yes, but thanks to Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Marana has become a lot less troubling!
::'''Arama:''' If it were just Arama alone, it wouldn't have worked at all. I am too young and don't have many memories, so I am not as powerful as other Aranara.
::'''Arama:''' But with memories of adventuring together with Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, my powers will grow!
::{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Arama:''' If you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''(Traveler):''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::'''You seem to have entered someone else's dream...'''
::{{DIcon}} I still need a moment.
:::'''(Traveler):''' I still need a moment.
:::'''Arama:''' I'll wait for you.

;(Investigate the tree &mdash; if the player selected "I still need a moment.")
::'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler), if you are ready, reach out your hand and enter his dream...
::{{DIcon}} (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
:::'''(Traveler):''' (Reach your hand out to the Vasara Tree...)
::;(Enter the dream)
:::'''You seem to have entered someone else's dream...'''
::{{DIcon}} I still need a moment.
:::'''(Traveler):''' I still need a moment.
:::'''Arama:''' I'll wait for you.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You have entered the dream of the Vasara Tree. As long as you solve the problem here, you should be able to obtain a Vasoma Fruit.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Dendro sphere)
:'''Paimon:''' The Withering here doesn't seem that severe...
:'''Arama:''' Yes. But Marana has already crept in. We have to get rid of Marana in this dream so that the Vasara Tree can bear fruits.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's start by clearing out these Fungi, then!
:'''Arama:''' Yes! Fungi, shoo shoo!

;(Approach the Dendrogranum)
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, what's the difference between a "Dendrogranum" and a "Healthy Dendrogranum"?
:'''Arama:''' Eh? A Healthy Dendrogranum is more... healthy. Like a Shroomboar is bigger and healthier than a Puny Shroomboar.
:'''Arama:''' Like Nara (Traveler) is bigger and healthier than Paimon, who is smaller and weaker. Yes, that's right.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon may be small, but Paimon is like... Uh, what's the saying? Like a butterfly that can dodge and a bee that can sting!
:'''Arama:''' Oh! So Paimon likes flowers too. That's great. Paimon will be super delighted later for sure!

;(Play the song next to the Sprouting Branch)
:'''Arama:''' See? So healthy! Not the same as Dendrograna. Aramaha knew how to take care of plants. He knew exactly how to make them healthy and strong.
:'''Paimon:''' But our enemies are stronger now, too.
:'''Arama:''' Yes, I know. And I've studied Nara. I think this is the perfect time to say "it's like putting fine timber to petty use"!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't think you really understand...
:'''Arama:''' Ah, is that so? Huh. Nara language is quite interesting!
:'''Arama:''' I'm learning how to write things down with Nara "runes." There's so much for me to learn! It's really fun but also really difficult...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! We can help you with that once Rana's healed and everything's over!
:'''Arama:''' Really? Thanks, Paimon! Thanks, Nara (Traveler)!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, no problem! But we need to resolve the issues here and get the Vasoma Fruit first!

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Arama:''' We've arrived! Marana has already sneaked in. If left unattended, it will turn this place into a nightmare before continuing to infest other places.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! (Traveler), take care of it!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''Arama:''' Wow! Nara (Traveler) is so strong! You beat Marana, just like that!
:'''Paimon:''' So, the Vasara Tree out there should be able to bear Vasoma Fruits now, right?
:'''Arama:''' Yes! Let's go.
{{Dialogue end}}
<section begin=ending/><!--
-->{{Quest Description|update|On the Vasara Tree grows a Vasoma Fruit, with which you can obtain the Bija. Your adventure in this Ashvattha's Concourse will come to an end once you collect the Vasoma Fruit here.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Investigate the object &mdash; if this is the first quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' So this is...
::'''Arama:''' Yes. This is a Vasoma Fruit.
::'''Arama:''' It is the accumulation of the dreams and memories gathered by the Vasara Tree. It's a precious fruit that can help us restore our strength.
::'''Arama:''' A large amount of energy must be consumed for the Ashvattha Tree to produce a Bija. That is why we must offer Vasoma Fruits.
::'''Arama:''' Keep the Vasoma Fruit safe, Nara (Traveler)!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm. You know what? Let's teach Arama the meaning of "treasure"!
::'''Paimon:''' Now then! "Treasure" refers to something very precious. This Vasoma Fruit contains lots of dreams and memories, and it can restore an Aranara's power. That makes it pretty rare and amazing, right?
::'''Paimon:''' For things like Vasoma Fruits that are rare and precious, we call them "treasure"!
::'''Arama:''' Ah, so this is what treasure means... I got it! Thank you, Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} So, what's next?
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Araja said that we'll need more than one Vasoma Fruit. That means we need to find other Ashvattha's Concourses, right?
::{{DIcon}} {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|Thanks,}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|Thank you,}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|Thanks,}} Paimon!
:::'''Paimon:''' What are you thanking Paimon for...? Anyway, Araja said that we'll need more than one Vasoma Fruit. That means we need to find other Ashvattha's Concourses, right?
::'''Arama:''' That's right. I'll do my best to find them! So long, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' See you later, Arama!
:;(Obtain [[Vasoma Fruit]])

;(Investigate the object &mdash; if this is the second quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' We now have the second Vasoma Fruit!
::'''Arama:''' Impressive! Nara (Traveler) is not afraid of Marana and even drove all the monsters away. No wonder you could defeat Vanagni!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, the many adventures we've been through aren't just for show, y'know?
::'''Arama:''' That's great! Then Nara (Traveler) and Paimon must have many memories and stories, right?
::{{DIcon}} We do have a great many, yes.
::{{DIcon}} Eh, we do have some.
::'''Arama:''' I see. If you don't mind, we'd love to hear Nara (Traveler) and Paimon's stories sometime.
::'''Paimon:''' Sure! We've shared our stories with others before, though it feels like so long ago...
::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Paimon saw a giant purple tree in the distance while we were in the Vasara Tree's dream. Paimon's pretty sure we saw it in Vanarana, too. What was that?
::'''Arama:''' That's the very first Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams. Hmm, how should I put this...
::'''Arama:''' Dreams are like leaves in a stream. They soon float away with the water. If you want to keep a dream in place, you have to let it grow roots. That way, the dream won't drift away.
::'''Arama:''' Hmm... {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|it's so hard to explain...}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|words are failing me...}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|it's so hard to explain...}}
::{{DIcon}} So Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams is like their "roots"?
::{{DIcon}} So Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams keeps dreams from drifting away?
::'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler) is smart. This tree keeps Aranara's dreams stable. Aranara can enter or exit dreams and are able to connect with the Vasara Tree.
::'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is. Do you mean, then, that the Vanarana in dreams can be maintained because of that tree?
::'''Arama:''' {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|It is because of the Tree of Dreams.}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|It is because of the Tree of Dreams.}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|Yes.}} But I'm very concerned about Marana right now. We'll have to come up with a plan later.
::'''Arama:''' ...
::'''Arama:''' But let's get the Bija first! We need to help the friend of Nara (Traveler), Paimon, and Arana!
::'''Paimon:''' {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|Yeah!}} Will you be looking for other Ashvattha's Concourses after this, Arama?
::'''Arama:''' Yes! So we'll see each other again for sure!
::'''Paimon:''' Stay safe, Arama!
::'''Arama:''' You too, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
:;(Obtain [[Vasoma Fruit]])

;(Investigate the object &mdash; if this is the third quest started out of the three)
::'''Paimon:''' We got the third Vasoma Fruit! According to Araja, three Vasoma Fruits should be enough, right?
::'''Arama:''' Yes, that will do. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} You're welcome.
:::'''Paimon:''' Still, you were the one helping us throughout, Arama. So why are you thanking us?
::{{DIcon}} You've been the one helping us...
::'''Arama:''' Well... It's because you are helping Arana, and Arana is my friend. So, thank you.
::'''Arama:''' And Nara (Traveler) has helped Arayasa, Aradasa, and Arasudraka find the ancient songs. They're my friends too. Thank you for that, too.
::'''Arama:''' Finally, I'm so happy that I got to go on adventures with Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. So, thanks for that as well.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon had a good time too! Thank you, Arama!
::'''Paimon:''' {{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout|By the way, there are many signs of activity around Ashvattha's Concourses... Is there some story behind that?}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path|By the way, there are many signs of activity around Ashvattha's Concourses... Is there some story behind that?}}<!--
-->{{#ifeq:{{PAGENAME}}|The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail|Speaking of which, Ashvattha's Concourses looked a lot like ancient ruins... Is there a story behind that?}}
::'''Arama:''' That's a story from long, long ago. I wasn't even a seed then. It was a time when all Nara could see Aranara and not a single Aranara was afraid of Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Back then, Nara and Aranara helped each other. They played and sang together, just like Nara (Traveler) and I.
::'''Arama:''' Song gatherers like Arayasa originally learned their craft from Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Ashvattha's Concourses used to be where Nara and Aranara played together. But that was a long time ago.
::'''Arama:''' After the horrible, horrible catastrophe occurred, Vanarana was devastated, and the concourses were left desolate...
::'''Paimon:''' So that's what happened...
::'''Arama:''' Yes, and it's a very scary tale indeed. I'm lucky that they are not memories to me &mdash; only stories.
::'''Paimon:''' Don't worry! Things will get better. Right, (Traveler)?
::{{DIcon}} That's right.
::{{DIcon}} I wouldn't be too sure...
:::'''Paimon:''' ...Are you tired, (Traveler)?
::'''Arama:''' We've found Ashvattha's Concourses and obtained three Vasoma Fruits. Next, I've got to help prepare for Festival Utsava and call some of my friends back from the forest.
::'''Paimon:''' Best of luck, Arama! Paimon's super looking forward to the festival!
::'''Arama:''' Me too! I'll see you guys soon!
::'''Paimon:''' Bye, Arama!
:;(Obtain [[Vasoma Fruit]])
{{Dialogue end}}<!--
--><section end=ending/>

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/sxBgNpKhr6k
|caption1 = Aranyaka Part II: The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout
}}
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout
|zhs     = 新芽迸发的曲调
|zhs_rm  = Xīnyá Bèngfā de Qǔdiào
|zht     = 新芽迸發的曲調
|zht_rm  = Xīnyá Bèngfā de Qǔdiào
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 新芽迸発のメロディー
|ja_rm   = Shinme Houhatu no Merodii
|ja_tl   = The Melody of Sprouting Buds
|ko      = 새싹이 싹 트는 멜로디
|ko_rm   = Sessagi Ssak Teuneun Mellodi
|ko_tl   = Shoot Sprouting Melody
|es      = El ritmo que nutre los brotes
|es_tl   = The Rhythm That Feeds the Sprouts
|fr      = La mélodie qui fait grandir les nouvelles pousses
|fr_tl   = The Melody that Grows New Sprouts
|ru      = Песня, питающая росток
|ru_tl   = The Song which Nourishes the Sprout
|th      = บทเพลงของการแตกหน่อเติบโต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giai Điệu Mầm Non Nảy Mầm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Melodie für die Sprossen
|de_tl   = Melody for the Sprouts
|id      = Irama yang Memelihara Tunas
|id_tl   = Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout
|pt      = A Melodia que Nutre o Broto
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Filizleri Besleyen Melodi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il ritmo che nutre il germoglio
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}