{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72659
|image         = Event Quest The Moon Has Risen.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|event_name    = Lunar Realm
|description   = The Inazuman angler Kujirai Momiji has something that she wants help with...<br /><br />An Inazuman fisherwoman, Kujirai Momiji, has always wanted to catch a legendary great fish called the "Lunar Leviathan." She plans to assemble all her old friends and embark on a journey to find it &mdash; and she invites you to join her.
|requirement   = Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]] and [[Exploding Population]]
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|next          = To Thee My Tender Grief Confide
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
|characters    = Kujirai Momiji; Jiawei; Traveler
}}
'''The Moon Has Risen''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the first challenge in the [[Lunar Realm]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the [[Inazuma]]n fisherwoman [[Kujirai Momiji]]
# Talk to the [[Liyue]] fisherman [[Jiawei]]

==Notes==
* Players cannot purchase from Kujirai Momiji while this quest is active.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kujirai Momiji)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' "[[Lunar Leviathan]]"...
:{{DIcon}} What "Lunar Leviathan"?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Oh, hey there! You must be the fisherman sent by the [[Adventurers' Guild]], huh? I'm Kujirai Momiji, an Inazuman fisherwoman.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I heard about you from the [[Fishing Association]]. Seeing you today, you are indeed as young and promising as they said. I hope I didn't get the wrong person.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Recently I have been searching for a fish that is from legends. It's called the "Lunar Leviathan". According to the legends, it has the power to grant people's wishes.
:'''Paimon:''' Wowee &mdash; a wish-granting fish! [[Paimon]] likes these kinds of legends!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Hmph, even though everyone believes they are just legends...I believe it's real.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Because a few years ago, I may have personally encountered a "Lunar Leviathan"...
:{{DIcon}} Did it grant your wish?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Well... kind of. The story goes like this...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' A couple of years ago, because of each of our respective wishes, two friends and myself set out to sea to pursue the "Lunar Leviathan". One was [[Jiawei]] and the other was [[Nantuck]].
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' But the journey was turbulent. We encountered a violent thunderstorm. And although our fishing boat survived, our compass got damaged and we were lost in an unknown patch of ocean.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' A few days later, we still could not find the way home. We were out of fresh water and though no one said anything, everyone was getting desperate.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' To the point where one night, Jiawei wrote a suicide note, put it in a bottle and was about to throw it out to sea.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' He didn't know but we weren't asleep at the time. We heard him sneaking out and we rushed to {{sic|grabbed}} him. And in that moment we all saw a giant shape under the water.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' The shape glowed faintly, shining little by little, as if pieces of the moon were dropped underwater.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Was it a "Lunar Leviathan"? We were desperate so we believed so, we asked it to grant us safe return to our homeland.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Yep, whether you can believe it or not, we survived. When the magical shape began swimming away, we followed it and it led us back home.
:'''Paimon:''' Aww...That's such a touching legend!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' No! It's true! Believe me! We can definitely find it again.
:{{DIcon}} What should we do?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Well let's go find my old pals first. They're both seasoned fishermen and having them accompany us would help a great deal.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' {{Color|buzzword|Jiawei is located at [[Liyue Harbor]],}} I heard once he returned to Liyue he never left again. I'm sure he still reminisces about the "Lunar Leviathan" as well.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' As for Nantuck, I heard he started writing books about marine biology. When you meet Jiawei, you can ask him where he is.

;(Talk to Kujirai Momiji again)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Have you found Jiawei and Nantuck?
----
;(Talk to Jiawei)
:'''Jiawei:''' The ocean is like a beautiful woman, only a welcoming sight every so often...
:{{DIcon}} Are you Jiawei?
:'''Jiawei:''' Yes, what do you want?

:'''You tell Jiawei why you're here.'''

:'''Jiawei:''' Oh &mdash; the "Lunar Leviathan"! Of course it's about the "Lunar Leviathan"! That experience really stays with you.
:'''Jiawei:''' As for Kujirai, she also did not forget. Her wish was... Uh... Um, uhh...
:'''Jiawei:''' Then I will send you off with my best wishes, I hope you guys succeed!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? We came here to invite you, don't you want to come with us?
:'''Jiawei:''' Ah! I nearly lost my life at that time. The ocean is like a beautiful woman, only a welcoming sight every so often...
:'''Jiawei:''' Additionally, as a married man, how could I abandon my family? I must take on the role of being head of the household!
:'''Jiawei:''' After all the hard work and sweat I put in to marry such a generous and wonderful woman! So, I must apologize...
:{{DIcon}} Your old pal will be disappointed.
:'''Jiawei:''' Don't talk like that...let me think...
:'''Jiawei:''' Although I cannot accompany you on your journey, I will help in another way. I will pass on my years of fishing experience and knowledge to you.
:'''Jiawei:''' A legendary creature like the "Lunar Leviathan" will not be caught easily.
:'''Jiawei:''' So, accept my training, inherit my knowledge and then go pursue the legendary fish!
:'''Jiawei:''' Oh, right? Aren't you guys in a hurry to find Nantuck? Don't worry, that guy's been hibernating like an old sea turtle. He's stayed in Mondstadt all this time, it's said that he's writing a book?
:'''Jiawei:''' Now focus! Jiawei's magical fishing training is about to begin! Once training is over, you can go look for him.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Moon Has Risen
|zhs     = 月升之时
|zhs_rm  = Yuè Shēng zhī Shí
|zht     = 月升之時
|zht_rm  = Yuè Shēng zhī Shí
|zh_tl   = The Time of Moon-Rising
|ja      = 月昇の時
|ja_rm   = Gesshou no Toki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Time of Moon Rise
|ko      = 달이 뜰 무렵
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Luna en ascenso
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Lever de lune
|fr_tl   = Moonrise
|ru      = Луна взошла
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เมื่อดวงจันทร์ทอแสง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thời Khắc Trăng Lên
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Mond ist aufgegangen
|de_tl   = The Moon Has Risen
|id      = Saat Rembulan Terbit
|id_tl   = When the Moon Rises
|pt      = A Lua Surgiu
|pt_tl   = The Moon Arose
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Luna en ascenso]]
[[pt-br:A Lua Surgiu]]