{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70108
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|summary       = [[Esther]] asks the Traveler to place one more beacon in Dragonspine and deliver her letter to [[Cyrus]].
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = The Great Mountain Survey
|requirement   = Complete [[In the Mountains]] and [[The Great Mountain Survey]]
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 83
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Cyrus; Esther; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Great Mountain Survey II''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]. The quests [[In the Mountains]] and [[The Great Mountain Survey]] need to be completed in order to unlock this quest.
==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Esther]] north of [[Wyrmrest Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]. (Required to have finished [[The Great Mountain Survey]] and [[In the Mountains]]).

# Talk to Esther
# Place beacon at the very top of [[Dragonspine]] mountain
# Report back to Esther
#* You acquire [[Letter to Cyrus]]
# Deliver the letter to [[Cyrus]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Though the beacons have all been placed, Esther remains unable to measure Dragonspine's true height, seemingly due to having insufficient beacons. To resolve the issue, she is looking for someone who can help her plant a beacon at the mountain's summit...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Esther)
:'''Esther:''' Ugh, just as I expected... With only a limited number of beacons, the accuracy is nowhere near good enough. There's no way I could use this as a reliable altitude measurement.
:'''Esther:''' Unless...
:{{DIcon|Talk}} ...Unless?
:'''Esther:''' Unless are fearless adventurer can scale the highest peak and place a beacon there for me.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Like who?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Like me?
:'''Esther:''' Like you! Please, help me out one more time. All my other beacons keep getting destroyed by monsters, this is the only way to reduce the margin of error in my measurements.
:'''Esther:''' All you need to do is place it at the summit. If you succeed, I promise I will reward you generously!
<!-- No additional dialogue for talking to Esther again at this point -->
----
;(After placing a survey beacon at the summit)
:'''Paimon:''' Brr... Th&mdash;That should d&mdash;do it...
:'''Paimon:''' So c&mdash;cold... Can we g&mdash;go now...
----
;(Reporting back to Esther)
:'''Esther:''' Did you put the beacon in place?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Yep.
:'''Esther:''' Wonderful! Thank you, now I can finally get a reliable measurement of the height of the mountain.
:'''Esther:''' Oh, and regarding compensation &mdash; I asked Cyrus to put something together. Ask him for it next time you're in the city.
:'''Esther:''' And since you'll see him before I do, could you also give him this letter for me? He promised to keep me in the loop about a second exploration team for the mountains, but I still haven't heard back about it.
:'''Esther:''' Once the rest of my beacons are fixed, I'll have to head back up and set them all up. There's a lot of things that still need surveying on that mountain.
;(Obtain [[Letter to Cyrus]] ×1)

;(Talking to Esther again)
:'''Esther:''' *sigh* When will I finally be able to head back up the mountain...
----
;(Delivering the letter to Cyrus)
:'''Cyrus:''' Hello, how may I help?
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I have a letter for you.
:'''Cyrus:''' A letter? ...Oh, it's from her. I'll wager she's asking about the next exploration team again...
:'''Cyrus:''' *sigh* I don't know what I can do, It's rare to find a team that's willing to take on the mountain these days, it's just too dangerous up there...
:'''Cyrus:''' I'll write her a letter shortly to explain the situation. Thank you for making the trip to deliver this.
:'''Cyrus:''' Speaking of letters, she sent another not long ago asking me to prepare a reward for you. Here, please take it.
:'''Cyrus:''' One last thing... I can see that you are a hardy type, but nevertheless &mdash; I urge you to be careful in the mountains.
:'''Cyrus:''' Ah, Dragonspine... If ever the chance arose to lead a team of explorers there in person, I would surely take it!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Great Mountain Survey II
|zhs     = 雪山再勘测
|zhs_rm  = Xuěshān Zài Kàncè
|zht     = 雪山再勘測
|zht_rm  = Xuěshān Zài Kàncè
|zh_tl   = Snow Mountain's Survey, Again
|ja      = 雪山再踏査
|ja_rm   = Yukiyama Sai-tousa
|ja_tl   = Snow Mountain's Resurvey
|ko      = 설산 재답사
|ko_rm   = Seolsan Jaedapsa
|ko_tl   = Snow Mountain Resurvey
|es      = Continuación de la investigación alpina
|es_tl   = Continuation of the Alpine Investigation
|fr      = Enquête alpestre, bis
|fr_tl   = Alpine Survey, Bis
|ru      = Повторное исследование снежной горы
|ru_tl   = Recurring Snow Mountain Research
|th      = การสำรวจภูเขาหิมะอีกครั้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lại Thăm Dò Núi Tuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Erneute Bergbegutachtung
|de_tl   = Renewed Mountain Assessment
|id      = Survei Ulang Gunung Salju
|id_tl   = Snowy Mountain Resurvey
|pt      = Continue investigando a Montanha Nevada
|pt_tl   = Continue Inventigating the Snowy Mountain
|tr      = Büyük Dağ Araştırması II
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La grande indagine sulla montagna II
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:Continuación de la investigación alpina]]
[[fr:Enquête alpestre, bis]]