{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19073
|image         = Hangout Event The Birdwatcher.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaeya
|actNum        = I
|act           = Shenanigans and Sweet Wine
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Darbil; Kaeya; Traveler; Zabi
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = 
|next          = All the World's a Stage
|next2         = A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Birdwatcher''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Shenanigans and Sweet Wine}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Port Ormos]]
# Talk to [[Kaeya]]
# Follow Kaeya
# Talk to Kaeya

<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|An unexpected traveler, far from home, is hanging out in Port Ormos...}}
===The Birdwatcher===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Gundafar, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909801 gundafar 13.ogg}} '''Gundafar:''' (Good heavens, these lines are a bit much. Who talks like this in real life? Guess this is the wisdom of the Akademiya in action...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Qabus, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1909801 qabus 20.ogg}} '''Qabus:''' (No matter how you look at it, life as an actor is more stable than life as a mercenary.)

;(Talk to Gundafar or Qabus, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 qabus 02.ogg}} '''Qabus:''' You dare to defy your orders and abandon the front?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 gundafar 02.ogg}} '''Gundafar:''' I return to Your Majesty's palace to deliver a letter from the front, penned by the Prince himself. Your humble servant Gundafar respectfully begs an audience.

;(Interact with the Performance Bulletin, optional)
:'''Performance Bulletin:''' The Qabus Theatre is in town. Buy a drink and enjoy the performance for free!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Kaeya, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907302 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' (Traveling alone is so boring. I wish I had a buddy here to liven things up.)

:{{A|vo kycop001 1907302 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ♪...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907302 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hey, little birdie, don't feel down, come and perch on my shoulder ♪... Don't be shy, I'll show you around town!
:{{DIcon}} Kaeya!
:{{DIcon}} That's not what a Dusk Bird's call sounds like.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907302 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Really? No wonder they never pay attention to me... *sigh*... Forget it. I probably shouldn't be anthropomorphizing them anyway.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907302 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haven't seen you in some time, {{Traveler}}. To which one of the Anemo Archon's winds do I owe the honor?
:{{DIcon}} Guess your natural charisma drew me here.
:{{DIcon}} Must be ordained by fate.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907302 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oho, is this your way of saying that you missed me?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907302 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Since it wasn't meant to be with this little birdie, I'd better leave it alone. Let's take a walk, shall we?

;(Walk with Kaeya)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907303 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If you're wondering why I'm here &mdash; Jean's been worrying about trade safety recently. I discovered this when I unwittingly burst into her office to save the day...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907303 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Another job involving long-distance travel falls to me... I suppose it's my own fault for having such a strong sense of duty.
;(After reaching the end of the platform)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907303 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Still, on the bright side, business is now taken care of, and I have unused travel funds, so I was planning to&mdash;

===A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place===
;(Talk to Kaeya)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 qabus 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Gundafar, we are in the middle of a war. Your place is at the front lines by my son's side. Pray tell, what provokes your unwarranted return to the palace?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 gundafar 01.ogg}} '''???:''' A matter of utmost importance, Your Majesty, such that I must personally report it to you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Huh, outdoor theater? Looks fun.
:{{Hangout Branch|Where were we just now? Travel expenses?|His Ideas}}
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, yes. Here's what I was thinking about the unused funds...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Given that the Acting Grand Master saw fit to allocate these funds to my trip in the first place, I think it's my responsibility to make sure that every last Mora is put to good use.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' In other words... What do you say we find a way to spend the remaining budget?
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Perhaps a fancy meal at a nice restaurant? Or a river cruise that takes in the sights of Sumeru City? Or we could buy a few nice mementos to take home...
::{{DIcon}} Isn't this embezzlement?
::{{DIcon}} I can't believe you're talking so openly about living it up at the public's expense...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hey, no need to put it like that. Let's keep walking, we can consider it some more on the road.
:{{Hangout Branch|Do you wanna stop and see the show?|The Stage}}
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Actually, yes. I saw some guards do a musical performance when I was traveling with their caravan in Sumeru.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' They were desert-dwellers, so are these actors... Hehe, and I think I actually recognize one of them.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907304 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Come on, let's go watch.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Birdwatcher
|zhs     = 观鸟客
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 觀鳥客
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = バードウォッチャー
|ja_rm   = Baadowocchaa
|ja_tl   = Birdwatcher
|ko      = 새 구경꾼
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Ornitología
|es_tl   = Ornithology
|fr      = L'ornithologue
|fr_tl   = The Ornithologist
|ru      = Наблюдатель за птицами
|ru_tl   = The Birdwatcher
|th      = ผู้ชมนก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Ngắm Chim
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Vogelbeobachter
|de_tl   = The Birdwatcher
|id      = Pemerhati Burung
|id_tl   = The Birdwatcher
|pt      = O Observador de Aves
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kuş Gözlemcisi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'osservatore di uccelli
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[es:Ornitología]]