{{Act Infobox
|image          = Roses and Muskets Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Roses and Muskets
|actNum         = III
|prev           = Fiction and Reality Inside and Outside the Frame
|next           = Where the Roses Bloom
|event_name     = Roses and Muskets
}}
'''The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog''' is the third part of the [[Roses and Muskets]] Event.

==Quests==
* [[The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog (Quest)|The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog]]

==Summary==
;The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog

Over the next few days, Furina and the rest of the cast continue producing the film, while the investigation into the murder progresses in the background.

At the outskirts of the [[Opera Epiclese]], Furina begins the final scene of the film, where Iris and Tulipe kill the Baron, avenging their mother. Furina is impressed that the scene was completed in one take, asking Ayaka to consider staying in Fontaine as an actress. Ayaka declines the offer, as her duties in the [[Yashiro Commission]] come first. Furina finds it a shame, but states the offer still stands if she reconsiders in the future.

Chevreuse then calls the Traveler and Paimon over, having developed a new lead in the murder case. After sending the [[Rainbow Rose]] to [[Emilie]], she informed her that the Rainbow Rose that was found at the scene came from a very rare cultivar that only grew in one place in the entire nation - the novelist's house. While she is confident that he was not the murderer, it doesn't rule out the possibility that the true culprit might have gotten the flowers from him. They pay a visit to the house, where they find several [[Clockwork Meka]] patrolling the grounds. Chevreuse snipes the meka from afar before they begin to collect evidence, with her knocking on the door.

The novelist, [[Baptiste]], admits that he was the murderer, claiming that he was not able to reach the true mastermind of the plot. However, he asks for a private conversation with her, forcing the Traveler and Paimon to walk away. In the conversation, Baptiste expresses skeptism that the culprit would be found, as it had been twenty years since his mother's death, and that even if he was found, he would likely live a comfortable life in the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. He thus asks her to kill the culprit if the chance arises.

Chevreuse then returns to the pair, telling them that Baptiste would be heading to headquarters with an escort and that he gave them the identity of the real culprit. The Traveler notes that she's keeping something from them, but she then asks them for help with another matter.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog
|zhs     = 雾中隐现的孤岛
|zhs_rm  = Wù-zhōng Yǐnxiàn de Gūdǎo
|zht     = 霧中隱現的孤島
|zht_rm  = Wù-zhōng Yǐnxiàn de Gūdǎo
|zh_tl   = The Lone Isle Faintly Visible Through the Fog
|ja      = 霧に隠れし孤島
|ja_rm   = Kiri ni Kakureshi Kotou
|ja_tl   = The Lone Isle Hidden in the Fog
|ko      = 안개 속에 감춰진 외딴섬
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La isla entre la bruma
|es_tl   = The Island in the Mist
|fr      = L'île solitaire se profilant dans le brouillard
|fr_tl   = The Lone Isle Looming in the Fog
|ru      = Одинокий остров в тумане
|ru_tl   = The Lone Isle in the Fog
|th      = เกาะโดดเดี่ยวที่ซ่อนอยู่ในสายหมอก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hòn Đảo Cô Độc Trong Màn Sương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die einsame Insel, betrachtet durch den Nebel
|de_tl   = The Lone Isle Seen Through the Fog
|id      = Pulau di Tengah Kabut
|id_tl   = The Island in the Middle of the Fog
|pt      = A Ilha Solitária Vislumbrada Pela Névoa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sislerin Arasından Göz Kırpan Yalnız Ada
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Scorcio dell'isola solitaria attraverso la nebbia
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:A Ilha Solitária Vislumbrada Pela Névoa]]