{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79066
|image         = World Quest The Forest and the Princess.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Cimest; Paimon; Saborn; Souffache; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Forest of Blessings
|poi           = Kingdom of Breezes and Bells
|subarea       = 
|next          = The Answer of the Lotus Leaves and Forest
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*2
}}
'''''The Forest and the Princess''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Simulanka]].

==Steps==
* Start the quest by approaching [[Saborn]], [[Souffache]], and [[Cimest]] near the central waypoint of the Forest of Blessings
# Talk to Princess Cimest
# Accept Princess Cimest's trial
# Undergo the trial with Princess Cimest
# Talk to Princess Cimest
# Undergo the trial with Princess Cimest {{Enemy List|Hydro Hilichurl Rogue *1;Blazing Axe Mitachurl *2;Cryo Hilichurl Shooter *2}}
# Touch the "relic"

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In the forest, a princess is preparing to go solve a certain problem herself...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the base of the tree, optional)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel:''' Are you here to take the trials as well?

;(Approach the paper squirrels guarding a common chest, optional)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel A:''' This is a gift for our guests!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel B:''' You heard the Princess. Please, take it!

;(Approach Saborn, Souffache, and Cimest<!-- Initially all ??? -->)
:'''???:''' Your Highness! What brings you here?
:'''???:''' ...Given how things stand, I shall retrieve the {{Color|buzzword|relic}} myself, and then decide what to do next.
:'''???:''' Your Highness! That will not do!
:'''???:''' Your Highness! You cannot go!
:'''???:''' Oh? It seems you have a better solution. Let's hear it then, Minister Saborn.
:'''Saborn:''' I... Uh... Would like to inform Your Highness that, following a long discussion with Souffache last night, we have come to the conclusion that... It would be better to set up a trial ground elsewhere...
:'''Souffache:''' Hear, hear! And then the Guardian who passes our selection process can retrieve the relic for us &mdash; two birds, one stone!
:'''Cimest:''' But without the relic, how can we be sure that the chosen Guardian is really the one we are looking for?
:'''Saborn:''' I... Uh...
:'''Cimest:''' Worry not, ministers. Though we are indeed facing a great crisis, this is precisely as the legends predicted.
:'''Cimest:''' When the crisis befalls us, a Guardian shall thereupon emerge. At this moment, what I must do is ensure that they are shown the right path.
:'''Cimest:''' Besides, I am the best flyer in the kingdom, so there is none more suitable than I to judge the Guardian's abilities.
:'''Souffache:''' But...
:'''Cimest:''' Then will you go instead?
:'''Souffache:''' I&mdash;I'm afraid... My legs are rather useless when it comes to flight of any kind...
:'''Cimest:''' How about you, Saborn? Will you go?
:'''Saborn:''' Uhh, m&mdash;my eyesight... Alas, I fear I would be unable to see their movements clearly enough to judge...
:'''Cimest:''' Good, that's settled then. The two of you will stay to handle affairs within the kingdom, while I shall assist in managing the selection process at the original location myself.
:{{DIcon}} Something fun going on?
:{{DIcon}} Might I submit myself as a candidate for the trial, Your Highness?
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, ooh! We're good at flying, and adventuring too! Can we participate?
:'''Cimest:''' Oh, greetings to both of you, and welcome to the Kingdom of Breezes and Bells. You're very welcome to sign up for the "Guardian of the Kingdom" selection trials.
:'''Cimest:''' You have not previously participated in the selection trials of our Kingdom of Breezes and Bells, if I am not mistaken?
:'''Paimon:''' How does Your Highness know this?
:'''Cimest:''' Your appearance differs greatly from our kingdom's subjects. Had you taken part before, I would not forget it.
:'''Cimest:''' Oh! That's enough chit-chat, I suppose. As it so happens, I was just about to head over to host the selection ceremony near the Relic Shrine. Let us go there together.
:'''Cimest:''' Ministers, the kingdom's affairs are in your hands. Do try not to let anyone cut this tree down while I'm away finding our true Guardian, if you could?
:'''Saborn & Souffache:''' *sigh* As you wish, Your Highness.
:'''Cimest:''' The two of you, please come with me. Before the selection officially begins, there are a few things I still need to tell you.

;(Talk to Saborn or Souffache, optional)
:'''Souffache:''' Saborn, we must think of something!
:'''Saborn:''' *sigh* ...You are no doubt right. But when have we ever managed to hold back the princess?
----
;(Approach Cimest at the marked location)
:'''Cimest:''' Please wait here a moment. I will introduce the trial for you, as well as a few things that you'll need to watch out for.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... Her Highness sure is a decisive decision-maker, huh? Guess that's a true princess for you...
:{{DIcon}} I declared I'd accept the trial quite suddenly...
:{{DIcon}} But Your Highness didn't seem particularly surprised...
:'''Cimest:''' Hmm? Oh... Perhaps my introduction seemed a little too forthcoming. My apologies.
:'''Cimest:''' In truth, there have been many squirrels who &mdash; like you &mdash; have suddenly turned up and declared their intention to undergo the trial, so I am already accustomed to receiving such "candidates."
:'''Cimest:''' At least... There were many, before that [[Mini Durin|dragon]] attacked the kingdom.
:{{DIcon}} You said it was to retrieve a relic...
:{{DIcon}} Is it being kept somewhere dangerous?
:'''Cimest:''' It is indeed. As I mentioned, not long ago, a giant dragon passed through our kingdom.
:'''Cimest:''' We tried our best to drive it away, but before leaving, it trampled both the trial ground and the sacred site where the relic was kept to smithereens.
:'''Cimest:''' Our original, stable trial environment is now very different from the way it used to be. The wind currents have become unpredictable, causing a dramatic increase in the difficulty of some trial stages.
:'''Cimest:''' After the environment changed so drastically, some candidates &mdash; who could have easily passed the first few stages before &mdash; now find even the very first stage too challenging.
:'''Cimest:''' But from another perspective, the current trial is actually a better test of a candidate's true strength, so it should better help us choose a strong "Guardian of the Kingdom."
:{{DIcon}} I&mdash;I'm pretty strong!
:'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon too!
:'''Cimest:''' Hmm... Well if that is truly the case, let us get straight to it. Allow me to introduce the trial for you.
:'''Cimest:''' Simply put, in this trial, the candidate must help their squirrel companion fly in the right direction by guiding them along the wind currents.
:'''Cimest:''' Don't worry, it isn't complicated. All you have to do is observe the direction of the currents and make decisions accordingly.
:'''Cimest:''' Of course, you need not worry about the issue of direction. In this kingdom, no wind can stop me from flying wherever I will.
:'''Cimest:''' Alright, let us begin. Please make sure you're both ready.

;(After completing the first set of garlands)
:'''Cimest:''' Looks like we work well together. Your judgments are most precise.

;(After completing the second set of garlands)
:'''Cimest:''' Ahead lies the final trial. Prepare yourselves.
----
;(Complete the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' Your Highness, you're amazing! You flew past so easily!
:'''Cimest:''' Your ability to judge the wind's currents was also remarkable. It seems you are worthy to undergo the trial after all.
:'''Cimest:''' Let us make haste to the site where the relic is being kept... Hopefully we won't have another run-in with that dragon.
:'''???:''' "...I am a voice, but not life..."
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, what was that? It sounded like... someone's voice? {{Traveler}}, did you hear that?
:{{DIcon}} I definitely heard it...
:{{DIcon}} ...But I have no idea what it meant.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, The Princess is way ahead... Let's forget about that for now and catch up with her first.

;(Approach the source of the voice, optional)
:'''???:''' "...Time is uninhabitable, and there is no place to stand within eternity..."

;(Investigate the door, optional)
:{{DIcon|Investigate}} Eavesdrop {{sic|Quiety}}...?
:'''Tightly-Shut Door:''' (The door is shut tight. You can faintly hear something from within...)
----
;(Approach Cimest)
:'''Paimon:''' So... This is where the relic was being kept?
:{{DIcon}} These footprints are massive.
:{{DIcon}} That dragon must be huge...
:'''Cimest:''' Perhaps in driving the dragon away, we also drove it into a rage.
;(If the player has completed ''[[Until the End of the World]]'')
::{{DIcon}} That dragon is actually...
::{{Black Screen|You tell the story of the dragon to Princess Cimest in its entirety, sparing no detail...}}
::'''Cimest:''' ...Can such a thing be? Truly unexpected.
::'''Cimest:''' At the time, I was too panicked, and so I just gave the order to drive him away.
::'''Cimest:''' Had we the chance to calmly speak with one another, perhaps...
::'''Cimest:''' Ahem! Never mind. What's done is done. We must focus on the problem at hand.
::'''Cimest:''' As for that dragon... once all our problems have been resolved, I shall visit him personally.
::'''Cimest:''' Now, let us focus on the relic.
:'''Cimest:''' The relic is down there. Pass the trial, and you may claim it.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thought that the relic would be protected by some kind of seal, or guard, or... something.
:'''Paimon:''' But it looks like it's just lying there, and it doesn't seem like anything's stopping someone from just taking it...
:{{DIcon}} Just a hop and a step away.
:{{DIcon}} {{Sic|We}} don't we just jump down and take it?
:'''Cimest:''' What you say is correct. This relic does indeed have a "seal" &mdash; namely, the "trial" that you have seen.
:'''Cimest:''' According to the kingdom's records, one must pass the trial in order to retrieve the relic.
:'''Cimest:''' Conversely, if it is taken by someone who has not yet passed the trial, it will lose its "meaning" as a relic.
:'''Cimest:''' ...Thus, even I must pass the entire trial to retrieve the "true" relic.
:'''Cimest:''' There must be both a "trial" and a "challenger" to do so.
:'''Cimest:''' Without satisfying these two conditions, the best-case scenario is that we'd be walking away with a useless lump of stone.
:'''Paimon:''' "The best-case scenario"... Does that mean something worse could happen too?
:{{DIcon}} Those who act in defiance of the rules shall be cursed.
:'''Paimon:''' C&mdash;Cursed! Uhh, in that case, let's just... go ahead and accept the trial...

;(After completing the first set of garlands)
:'''Cimest:''' Hmm... Perhaps those furious flowers over there could be of some use...
----
;(After completing the trial)
:'''Cimest:''' ...I hadn't expected you to be able to judge the wind currents so accurately.
:'''Cimest:''' If you were flying squirrels like I am, navigating those wind currents would pose you no challenge, of that I am certain...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's a natural when it comes to flying.
:{{DIcon}} If everyone had to use wind gliders, I'd be unbeatable.
:'''Cimest:''' Pfff... Is that so? I'm glad to hear that, because you two are the most Guardian-like candidates I've ever seen.
:'''Cimest:''' Then let us continue. The current wind conditions are just right.
:{{DIcon}} No problem!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, everything's going great! Maybe we're the Guardians that Her Highness has been looking for.
:{{DIcon}} Your Highness was outstanding too.
:{{DIcon}} Your Highness is the only true Guardian.
:'''Cimest:''' Thank you for your kind words. I had in fact passed the trial many times before the dragon destroyed the sacred site.
:'''Cimest:''' Purely in terms of flying ability, I am confident that no other squirrel is my equal. Previous candidates found even the first few stages too difficult.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? But if Your Highness already passed the trial, how come you didn't take the relic?
:'''Cimest:''' ...Unfortunately, the relic has yet to acknowledge me.
:{{DIcon}} So even Guardians require the relic's acknowledgment?
:{{DIcon}} Why does that relic get to call all the shots...
:'''Cimest:''' That I do not know. Perhaps it thought I didn't pass the trial...
:{{DIcon}} Surely there aren't hidden stages?
:{{DIcon}} Do the trial stages change for each challenger?
:'''Cimest:''' All I know is, the relic has never lit up for me.
:'''Cimest:''' But you... Not only have you come precisely at our kingdom's hour of need, but your capabilities are undeniable. That is why I believe you will earn the relic's acknowledgement.
:'''Cimest:''' Let us continue. The final stage of the trial awaits.

;(After completing the second set of garlands)
:'''Cimest:''' ...It appears we have some uninvited guests.
:'''Cimest:''' Might I trouble the two of you to kindly remove them from the premises? Should we indulge their antics, I fear we will be delayed in our task.

;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''Cimest:''' Truly, you both are exceptionally skilled.
:'''Cimest:''' ...Something's wrong with the furious flowers.
:'''Cimest:''' Very well. Then I shall complete this part on my own.
:'''Cimest:''' Please, stay vigilant, to ensure that more unwanted guests do not invite themselves.

;(After completing the trial)
:'''Cimest:''' There we go. Next... we must accept the Relic's judgment.

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' We passed! {{Traveler}}, we're Guardians now! So is this the relic that's used to acknowledge new Guardians?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? There's something carved onto it, like a line of text maybe? Let Paimon take a closer look...
:'''Paimon:''' "Stories follow rules, unfolding in cyclical patterns, but each should follow its own course."
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh, Paimon doesn't get it. Do you get it, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} It's probably some roundabout way of cheering us on?
:{{DIcon}} It's probably meant to encourage challengers.
:'''Cimest:''' Those words have always been there. Even I do not know their origin...
:'''Cimest:''' I sense that they may hold some great significance for the kingdom... But I have yet to grasp their meaning.
:'''Cimest:''' Whatever the case, given your performance in the trial, you are undoubtedly the most suitable candidate for the title of "Guardian" that I've ever met.
:'''Cimest:''' Your abilities and judgment are beyond question. Meeting you at a time like this is truly a blessing for our kingdom.
:'''Cimest:''' Now that we have retrieved the relic, we may hold the ceremony right away.
:'''Cimest:''' I am fully confident that your courage and abilities will have won you the relic's respect.
:{{DIcon}} You flatter me, Your Highness.
:{{DIcon}} Nothing can stand in our way!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, it was nothing! We're just glad we could help you, Your Highness.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! When did you guys get here? Paimon didn't even notice you arrive!
:'''Souffache:''' We flew over, of course! We were among the best flyers around when we were young, you know. How else would we have been able to serve the princess?
:{{DIcon}} Never judge a squirrel by its appearance...
:'''Souffache:''' Well, I never! A visitor turning up at our time of crisis, a Guardian emerging from the trials victorious... and the relic in our possession, intact and unharmed!
:'''Souffache:''' Your Highness, everything is exactly as the legends said!
:'''Saborn:''' It seems that our kingdom finally has a "future" to look forward to!
:'''Cimest:''' We shall find out soon enough.
:'''Cimest:''' Now, please place your hand upon the relic. Let it light up and proclaim that you are henceforth the "Guardian of the Kingdom"!
:{{DIcon}} ...Erm, do... do you think it's not bright enough?
:{{DIcon}} Has... it even lit up at all?
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon take a look... Ehh? M&mdash;Maybe it's been there so long that... it just can't light up anymore?
:'''Paimon:''' Kinda like how candles that've been lying around too long won't burn very brightly.
:'''Saborn:''' How... How could that be? All the details match, yet the relic still...
:'''Souffache:''' Your Highness, whatever the case, at least the relic is in our hands. Even if our guest has failed to be acknowledged by...
:'''Cimest:''' ...No.
:'''Souffache:''' Your Highness?
:'''Cimest:''' Place the relic to one side. It is my kingdom for which the challengers have come; therefore it is I who must acknowledge them.
:'''Saborn:''' Your Highness! B&mdash;But no ruler of our kingdom has ever taken it upon themselves to acknowledge a "Guardian"...
:'''Cimest:''' Then let us create a precedent for future rulers to follow.
:'''Cimest:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, come forward.
:'''Cimest:''' As Princess of the Kingdom of Breezes and Bells, I hereby declare...
:'''Cimest:''' That {{Traveler}} and Paimon shall henceforth be recognized as the kingdom's "Paladins of Breezes and Bells"!
:{{DIcon}} At your service, Your Highness.
:{{DIcon}} It is my honor, Your Highness.
:'''Paimon:''' Hooray! A "Paladin of Breezes and Bells"... Hehe, such a cool title!
:{{DIcon}} Definitely cooler than just being any old guardian.
:'''Saborn:''' B&mdash;But surely that means we still haven't found our "Guardian"? And if that is so, then we won't be able to fulfill our "calling."
:'''Souffache:''' And if we cannot fulfill our "calling"... We'll no longer have a "future" to look forward to, just like the kingdoms that came before us...
:'''Cimest:''' ...Fret not, I will find a way.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[The Lotus Leaf and the Champion]]'')
::{{DIcon}} You have my sword.
::{{DIcon}} Shouldst thou require my aid, I am at thy service.
::'''Cimest:''' My thanks, good Paladin. I will indeed need your help.
::'''Cimest:''' But first, I will need to put the pieces of this puzzle together...
::'''Cimest:''' After some time has passed, please return to my kingdom to meet me. When the time is nigh, we shall set forth in search of the kingdom's future together.
;(If the player has completed ''[[The Lotus Leaf and the Champion]]'')
::{{DIcon}} Wait, speaking of choosing a Guardian...
::{{DIcon}} They're currently choosing a champion over at [[Rainsong Pond]]...
::'''Paimon:''' You mean that [[Faurobert]] who could jump super high?
::'''Paimon:''' You're right! The whole reason they held that contest was to find a champion to come rescue the princess...
::'''Paimon:''' Although it doesn't seem like the princess needs saving. If you were looking for a super-strong champion to win your contest, they just so happen to have one!
::'''Paimon:''' In fact, there's bound to be heaps of potential champions over there!
::{{DIcon}} Wait... By "contest," you mean "trial."
::{{DIcon}} And by "champion," you mean "Guardian."
::'''Cimest:''' What an extraordinary coincidence...
::'''Cimest:''' Though our trial doesn't really have anything to do with jumping. Still, from what you've said, it sounds like they've found the strongest candidate to complete their calling.
::'''Cimest:''' ...It seems a trip over to Rainsong Pond is in order. Thank you for informing me.
::'''Saborn:''' Wait! But Your Highness, they're all paper frogs over there! They're nothing like us, they're not...
::'''Cimest:''' So what? A Guardian's most vital asset is what is in their heart, not their appearance.
::'''Cimest:''' Ministers, you are to stay and look after the kingdom while I am gone. I will go to Rainsong Pond myself.
::'''Cimest:''' My loyal Paladin, I hope that the "Champion" over at Rainsong Pond is as fearless and skilled as you are.
::'''Paimon:''' Well... Skilled is certainly accurate...
::{{DIcon}} But as for fearless...
::{{DIcon}} ...That remains to be seen.
::'''Cimest:''' Oh? You mean to say that this "Champion" of theirs is actually... a sheep in wolf's clothing?
::'''Cimest:''' Hahaha! Then all the more reason to go meet him in person!
::'''Cimest:''' Alright, that's settled then. Oh, and if I'm going over to Rainsong Pond... Perhaps I'd better bring some gifts...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/GXEp2ZbKaUo
|caption1 = The Forest and the Princess Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Forest and the Princess
|zhs      = 森林与公主
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 森林與公主
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 森とプリンセス
|ja_rm    = Mori to Purinsesu
|ja_tl    = The Forest and the Princess
|ko       = 숲과 공주
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El bosque y la princesa
|es_tl    = The Forest and the Princess
|fr       = La forêt et la princesse
|fr_tl    = The Forest and the Princess
|ru       = Лес и принцесса
|ru_tl    = The Forest and the Princess
|th       = ผืนป่าและเจ้าหญิง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Rừng Sâu Và Công Chúa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der Wald und die Prinzessin
|de_tl    = The Forest and the Princess
|id       = Hutan dan Tuan Putri
|id_tl    = The Forest and the Princess
|pt       = A Floresta e a Princesa
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Orman ve Prenses
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = La foresta e la principessa
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:A Floresta e a Princesa]]
[[ru:Лес и принцесса]]