{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101716
|image        = Item The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival!.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = This is a most lavish invitation letter, whether in its construction or its content. The letter describes a large-scale, deep-rooted, nationally-acclaimed event in which you shall be a most important guest, the radiant star of the show.
|source1      = [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]] Event
|event        = The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival
}}
'''The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival!''' is an event item obtained during the [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]] event.

==Text==
Hoo-hahahaha! What's up, compadre? Have ya missed me since we last met at [[The Chasm]]?<br />
I mean, you've been on my mind, if that's what you're wondering! In fact, you're the first person I thought of when I came up with this idea!<br />
To celebrate [[Shinobu]]'s successful graduation and, y'know, show off the almighty awesomeness of the [[Arataki Gang]], I've decided to book a grand venue in Ritou to organize a festival!<br />
We're calling it "The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival!" How's that? Quaking with excitement already, I'll bet!<br />
I can guarantee that this festival will be as massive as the [[Irodori Festival]] and more meaningful than [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]]! Once it's over, the gang's name will spread far and wide, all across [[Inazuma]]!<br />
And that's why I thought of you, buddy. I'd love for you to join in on the fun!<br />
We can go nuts! Sing songs! Do some beetle fights! Grill some [[Lavender Melon]]s!<br />
How about it? Excited? Oh, I bet you are, so hurry down to Ritou, I'll wait for you there!<br />
Ahahahaha!<br />
Uh... Wait, Shinobu, I don't think we need that line about Lavender Melons. It just doesn't sound cool enough.<br />
Hey, I said we didn't need it!<br />
And we don't need this line either... Oh, come on...!

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival!
|zhs     = 荒泷盛世豪鼓大祭典！
|zhs_rm  = Huānglóng Shèngshì Háo Gǔ Dà Jìdiǎn
|zht     = 荒瀧盛世豪鼓大祭典！
|zht_rm  = Huānglóng Shèngshì Háo Gǔ Dà Jìdiǎn
|ja      = 荒瀧盛世豪鼓大祭典！
|ja_rm   = Arataki Gokujou Seisei Gouko Daisaiten!<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival (Quest)|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko      = 아라타키 천하제일 초호화 북 축제!
|ko_rm   = Arataki Cheonhajeil Chohohwa Buk Chukje!
|es      = ¡El Sublime y Glorioso Gran Festival de Tambores de Arataki!
|fr      = Festival des tambours harmonieux du sublime Arataki !
|ru      = Грандиозный барабанный фестиваль великолепного Аратаки!
|th      = มหกรรมเทศกาลตีกลองโห่ร้องแห่ง Arataki
|th_rm   = Mahakam Thetsakan thi Klong Ho Rong haeng Arataki
|vi      = Đại Hội Đánh Trống Arataki Long Trọng Bậc Nhất!
|de      = Das große und spektakuläre Trommelfest von Arataki!
|id      = Festival Drum Arataki yang Paling Hebat dan Keren
|pt      = O Glorioso Festival de Tambores do Muito Respeitado Arataki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ru:Грандиозный барабанный фестиваль великолепного Аратаки!]]