{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item The Wine-Flask Over Which the Plan Was Hatched.png
|set   = Unfinished Reverie
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A three-legged cup. Once, many heroes were gathered around the bonfire, raising their cups high in toast and drinking their fill while discussing their wishes and ambitions.}}
'''The Wine-Flask Over Which the Plan Was Hatched''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Unfinished Reverie]].

==Description==
He spoke to the [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth|scarlet-eyed young man]] and his heroes of the trials and tribulations he had endured.<br>
It is said the [[Och-Kan|king]] of the [[Ochkanatlan|ineffable city]] once gathered skilled artisans from the [[Natlan Tribes|tribes]],<br>
Underground, he excavated gargantuan beastly constructs, whose wings once caught the winds as great banners might, all to fulfill his ambitions.<br>
But the king's erratic behavior had long been common knowledge, and so, on the day he finally probed the [[Old Core of Chu'ulel|depths of the secrets]],<br>
He lit a great fire, intending to burn it all and all who knew of it, burying all together with the ruins, behind the stone gate...

Amidst the all-consuming inferno, as a doomed [[Masterful Craftsman|craftsman]] lay dazed at death's door,<br>
A golden tear dripping from the [[Ixlel|stone head]] fell into his eye, and he saw much.<br>
He spoke of the gigantic creations he saw in his stupor, of [[Secret Source Automaton|elaborate machines]] whirring.<br>
He spoke of [[Second Who Came|shadows]] driven by the flowing flames, climbing from the distant horizon up to the disk of the [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|moon]] hanging in the sky.

"So, that golden tear is..." "The source of your fountain of fanciful stories?"<br>
So the [[Atawallpa|twin]] [[Waskar|heroes]], who had taken in the story as but a tale, asked as they giggled.<br>
He could hear the incredulous jocularity in their tone, and they were always like this. The man had long grown accustomed to it.<br>
As he felt the [[Sakkuk|young girl]]'s inquisitive gaze reach him, he forced a derisive laugh, causing the muscles in half his face to sting slightly.

In truth, he had seen far more in those flames that had nearly rendered his life as ash, such as flowing [[Iridescent Inscriptions|golden patterns]],<br>
Another path to escape from the ruins, as well as the manifold iron rules that had established the empire that stretched far and wide.<br>
But the latter might be too far beyond the ken of the youths...<br>
He set aside his wine vessel, which had but a few drops sloshing about the bottom left.

Perhaps, when the dust finally settled, and when the ancient cornerstone was restored,<br>
When all had progressed farther, he could reveal everything, and this pleased him,<br>
For at this time, his wildest fantasies already revolved around how to craft a brilliant imperial wall for the [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth|new king]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Wine-Flask Over Which the Plan Was Hatched
|zhs      = 筹谋的共樽
|zhs_rm   = Chóumóu de Gòng Zūn
|zht      = 籌謀的共樽
|zht_rm   = Chóumóu de Gòng Zūn
|zh_tl    = Cup of Shared Scheming
|ja       = 計略の盃
|ja_rm    = Keiryaku no Hai
|ja_tl    = Alcohol Cup of Strategy
|ko       = 공모의 술잔
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Jarra del Gran Plan
|es_tl    = Great Plan Jug
|fr       = Coupe commune de stratégie
|fr_tl    = Shared Cup of Strategy
|ru       = Чаша замысла
|ru_tl    = The Cup of Intention
|th       = The Wine-Flask Over Which the Plan Was Hatched
|vi       = Ly Rượu Cùng Bày Mưu
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Weinflasche der Planung
|de_tl    = Wine Bottle of Planning
|id       = The Wine-Flask Over Which the Plan Was Hatched
|pt       = A Garrafa de Vinho Sobre a Qual o Plano Foi Concebido
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Planın Hazırlandığı Şarap Kadehi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Calice dell'escogitativa
|it_tl    = Chalice of the Excogitative
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Unfinished Reverie}}

[[fr:Coupe commune de stratégie]]
[[ja:計略の盃]]
[[tr:Planın Hazırlandığı Şarap Kadehi]]
[[vi:Ly Rượu Cùng Bày Mưu]]
[[zh:籌謀的共樽]]