{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Lupus Minor Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Lupus Minor Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Razor
|ARReq          = 21
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act III - [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|storyQuestReq  = [[Lepus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Wind, Courage, and Wings]]
}}
'''The Meaning of Lupical''' is the first act of [[Razor]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Lupus Minor Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|Song of the Dragon and Freedom}}, {{Quest|Wind, Courage, and Wings}}, and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 21.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] ventured the wildest place ruled in [[Mondstadt]], ruled by powerful laws of fierce wolves.

==List of Quests==
# [[Wolves' Territory]]
# [[Another Day as an Outrider!]]
# [[Ravaged by Wolves]]
# [[Fate's Chosen Lupical]]

==Summary==
;Wolves' Territory
Arriving at [[Wolvendom]], the Traveler and [[Paimon]] explored the area and are immediately attacked by some [[slimes]]. They fend some off, but another group of slimes comes in, one of which grows to considerable size. As the Traveler and large slime charge at each other, a boy comes in and cuts the slime back down to size, prompting the slimes to flee. Introducing himself as [[Razor]], he want them to help him find some raw meat as his intervention has ruined his wolf pack's hunt. The Traveler finds some raw meat and gives it to Razor. Although it is not enough for his pack, he considers it to be better than nothing, which the "[[Klee|red burny girl]]" often does, who the Traveler mistakes for [[Amber]].

At [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]]'s front gate, the Traveler finds Amber and asks if they met Razor before. Amber does not know who they are talking about, but asks them to accompany her for an investigation as she has heard reports of wolf attacks at [[Drunkard Gorge]] and [[Springvale]]. Upon investigating for clues, they find fur from different wolves, but also find a stray [[Wolfhook]] seed that indicates the attackers came from Wolvendom. Amber tells the people of Springvale to remain calm as she investigates, but the younger generation refuses to stand by and do nothing.
----
;Ravaged by Wolves
Returning to the wilderness, Amber meets Razor for the first time. Razor states that Amber is not the girl he had talked about, but nonetheless accepts her aid. He asks them to help, smelling blood, causing Amber to be concerned about the villagers' safety. Razor's lack of social skills initially makes Amber believe that his pack had attacked the village. He leads them to an injured wolf and when Amber states that it doesn't prove that his pack is innocent, Razor tells her that another wolf pack [[Rifthounds|from outside]], led by a black wolf, had been attacking the villages.
----
;Fate's Chosen Lupical
Venturing deeper into Wolvendom, Razor tells the Traveler to collect some Wolfhook seeds to tend to the injured wolf, while he answers Amber's questions. The Traveler returns with the seeds just as the Springvale villagers come and accuse Razor of orchestrating the wolf attacks. [[Boreas]], the Wolf of the North, is enraged by the disturbance and orders Razor to fight him to prove his worth for protecting outsiders. With the Traveler's aid, Razor is able to calm Boreas down, who confirms that an outside wolf pack had been causing the problems. Boreas states that the foreign pack would pay for their actions, but Razor cannot intervene, as he is ultimately human and not wolf. Seeing the Traveler's worth, Boreas also allows them to [[Wolf of the North Challenge|spar with him]] as he departs from the scene.

Razor is upset that he cannot help his wolf pack and Boreas' words have caused him to question his identity. Amber offers to bring him to Mondstadt for his safety. Razor rejects the offer and thanks the three for their help, jokingly forgetting Amber's name, much to her disdain.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|The Meaning of Lupical|type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
*The outside wolf pack that has been causing problems in Wolvendom are rifthounds, of which three [[Rockfond Rifthound Whelp]]s will appear slightly north of Boreas' location after completing the quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Meaning of Lupical
|zhs     = 卢皮卡的意义
|zhs_rm  = Lúpíkǎ de Yìyì
|zht     = 盧皮卡的意義
|zht_rm  = Lúpíkǎ de Yìyì
|zh_tl   = Lupical's Significance
|ja      = ルピカの意味
|ja_rm   = Rupika no Imi
|ja_tl   = The Meaning of Lupical
|ko      = 루피카의 의미
|ko_rm   = Rupika-ui Uimi
|ko_tl   = The Meaning of Lupical
|es      = El significado de Lupical
|es_tl   = The Meaning of Lupical
|fr      = La signification de lupical
|fr_tl   = The Meaning of Lupical
|ru      = Что значит Лупикал?
|ru_tl   = What does Lupical mean?
|th      = ความหมายของ Lupical
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ý Nghĩa Của Lupical
|vi_tl   = The Meaning of Lupical
|de      = Bedeutung der Lupical
|de_tl   = The Meaning of Lupical
|id      = Makna dari Lupical
|id_tl   = The Meaning from Lupical
|pt      = O Significado de Lupical
|pt_tl   = The Meaning of Lupical
|tr      = Lupical'ın Anlamı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il significato di Lupical
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:El significado de Lupical]]
[[ja:ルピカの意味]]
[[pt-br:O Significado de Lupical]]
[[vi:Ý Nghĩa Của Lupical]]