{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01025
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = III
|act           = A New Star Approaches
|part          = 6
|description   = The [[Osial|ancient god]] was subdued once again following a fierce battle and much sacrifice. The dust settles, and your journey in [[Liyue]] is reaching its conclusion with the [[Rite of Parting]]. But before that, there are still some mysteries regarding the [[Rex Lapis|Geo Archon]] that need unraveling.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Turning Point
|next          = Bough Keeper: Dainsleif
|exp           = 750
|mora          = 35,925
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Memory of Immovable Crystals|1}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Big-Footed Dajiao;Changchang;Cloud Retainer;Fengyan;Ferrylady;Ganyu;Keqing;Madame Ping;Moon Carver;Mountain Shaper;Ningguang;Paimon;Shitou;Signora;Tartaglia;Traveler;Uncle Gao;Uncle Sun;Wrench Wang;Ying'er;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|3|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Look for [[Zhongli]]
# Look for Zhongli at the [[Northland Bank]]
# Leave Northland Bank
# Follow the road up to [[Yujing Terrace]] (0/2)
#* Talk to [[Big-Footed Dajiao]] and [[Wrench Wang]] (1/2)
#* Talk to [[Uncle Gao]] and [[Uncle Sun]] (2/2)
# Listen to the [[Millelith]] announcement
# Go to the site of the [[Rite of Parting]]
# Talk to the people taking part in the rite (0/3)
# Look for Zhongli at the scene

==Notes==
* For step 7, you may talk to either [[Keqing]], [[Ningguang]], [[Ganyu]], [[Madame Ping]], [[Ying'er]], or [[Shitou]].
* Completing step 5 will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Final Farewell]]."
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[A New Star Approaches (Achievement)|A New Star Approaches]]."

{{clr}}
==Dialogue==
===Searching for Zhongli===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After cinematic ends)
{{Cutscene Description|Having experienced this great change, humans and adepti alike cannot help but lament their loss. But Zhongli, who helped organize the Rite of Parting is nowhere to be seen...}}
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it... finally over?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 01.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' The ominous aura of that monster has indeed begun to fade.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 02.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' The effects of the Sigil of Permission last but a short time.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 03.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' It will be some time before the Overlord of the Vortex can make any waves again.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' We are indebted to you for your assistance. If the adepti hadn't happened to be here, the future of Liyue Harbor would surely have been in great jeopardy...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 cloudretainer 01.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hmph, save your flattery. We didn't just "happen" to be here... Surely you won't pretend to have forgotten the reason for which we came?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Come now, there's no need for such harsh words, Cloud Retainer.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 02.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' I've heard that when Ningguang began learning to do business, she had already started setting aside part of her then-limited income in preparation for building the Jade Chamber.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' At first, it was only the size of a small room. But with continued expansion, it has become the palace that lies before you now.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 04.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' It is a testament to Ningguang's entire life, both as a businesswoman and as the backbone of the Liyue Qixing.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 05.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Seeing the Jade Chamber destroyed in the defense of Liyue means much to her. To me, such cooperation and sacrifice deserves at least some recognition, don't you agree?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well, I was really hoping you would say that such sacrifice could at least be used as some leverage in our negotiations.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 06.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' ...Heh.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Thank you all for hearing me out. We know very well why the adepti came here today... But please forgive us, we cannot yield to your wishes.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 04.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' 3,700 years... According to our records, the adepti signed a contract with Rex Lapis to protect Liyue 3,700 years ago.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Even to this very day, Liyue and its lands have stood the test of time, immovable as stone, just as it was thousands of years before. This is truly no small feat.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But that does not mean that Liyue today is the same city as it was all those years ago.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Do not merely cast your protective gaze upon the land. Instead, focus your sights on our city and each of the citizens that dwell within it.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 05.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Are you questioning our means of protecting Liyue?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mountainshaper 01.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I mean no offense. I simply hope that our new adepti forebearers would see Liyue in a new light.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 cloudretainer 02.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hah, "forebearers" you say. One doubts you would be fit to be part of such a lineage...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This morning, Rex Lapis appeared to me in a dream.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 cloudretainer 03.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' What?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' In the dream, I yearned to tell him that we Qixing, though mortal, are equally bound to the contract. Each passing generation of the Qixing leaves many things of value to be inherited by the next generation.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I also thought to tell him how the past generations of Qixing had strove under his rule to survive in our mortal world, establishing a network of contracts which has since come to be known as "trade."
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But I dared not speak. I could only gaze at him in silence until the moment I awoke.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Ningguang...
:{{DIcon}} We're all on the same side here...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 cloudretainer 04.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Yet another perspective... What are you trying to say, Outlander?
:{{DIcon}} When there is discord between the guardians and those they were meant to defend...
::{{DIcon}} Harmony becomes very difficult to restore. <!-- This is a two-liner, not two choices. The line from Cloud Retainer stays during both. -->
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, that's something that happened in Mondstadt &mdash; it's a story about the Four Winds and the people of the Anemo Archon.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Anemo Archon sought to quell the strife between the two sides, because he believed that such conflict would only scar the hearts of both and that nothing good would come of it...
:{{DIcon}} This is what we learned in the City of Freedom.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Each of the Seven Nations has its own scars from the past.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mountainshaper 02.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Though your point is the very height of simplicity...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mountainshaper 03.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' As adepti, we've become a laughingstock, to be chastised thus by an outlander who has lent us such succor.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 07.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Alright, alright. Didn't Ningguang suggest that we should focus on the city and each of its citizens? I know I already have, so why not see for yourselves?
;(Fengyan approaches)
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 fengyan 01.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' I apologize for appearing in full armor. I'm afraid I cannot show the proper courtesies.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 06.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' And who are you?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 fengyan 02.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' I am Fengyan, a sergeant of the Millelith. I have come to extend my thanks to the adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 fengyan 03.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' I thought this battle would perhaps be my last. But thanks to the aid of the adepti, our forces were not as badly battered as I feared we might be.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 fengyan 04.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' Although I am a mere mortal soldier, I promise to hold the line and never betray the grace given to us by the illuminated adepti this day.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 07.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
;(Changchang runs up)
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 changchang 01.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' Huh? Why does everyone look so down? Didn't we just beat that big monster?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 08.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Hahaha! Weren't you frightened, dear? It was quite the predicament...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 changchang 02.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' I wasn't afraid. All the strong Millelith guards were there, and those powerful heroes with their Visions were there... Everyone was there!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 changchang 03.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' When danger is near, everyone always protects me. And the rest of the time, they make fun toys, and tasty snacks, and... and loads of things that make the harbor so pretty!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 changchang 04.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' Thanks for protecting Liyue Harbor! Please come visit us for the next Lantern Rite!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Unfortunately, we wouldn't be able to participate.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 changchang 05.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Because we are adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 changchang 06.ogg}} '''Changchang:''' Oh, okay... It must be hard being an adeptus.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 09.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' You see, this is what Liyue is like today.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 10.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' The country of contracts is grateful to the adepti for their protection. But it is no longer necessary for the city to rely on the adepti's power to solve every little niggling matter.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 11.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Although their blood is weak, there is still strength to be found in those we call mortals...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 12.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' The time of contracts between gods and Liyue has long since passed. Now is the time of contracts between Liyue and its people.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mountainshaper 04.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Hmm, seeing the port around us now, it is hard not to feel a bit out of place... wouldn't you say so, Cloud Retainer?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 cloudretainer 05.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Your line of inquiry is askew. One did not spearhead this expedition to Liyue Harbor...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... seems like the adepti have had a change of heart.
:{{DIcon}} They've listened to what the people have said.
:{{DIcon}} And they're trying to understand things from their perspective.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Let us return now.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 08.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' ...Eager to leave, Conqueror of Demons?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 13.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Hehehe...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mountainshaper 05.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Yes, one understands what the Conqueror of Demons means. The city of Liyue has changed much after our long separation.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mountainshaper 06.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' One fears that by the time one finally grasps the new contracts of Liyue, you humans would have once again changed the place beyond recognition.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mountainshaper 07.ogg}} '''Mountain Shaper:''' Fair enough. Away we shall, and return whence we came...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 09.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Hmph...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 10.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Since we adepti have consensus, then one shall persist no further.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 mooncarver 11.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' But how will we ensure that the Liyue Qixing will not simply exploit their power once we depart? In my view, that is still a thing to be guarded against...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' *chuckles*
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 madameping 14.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Alright, Moon Carver. You needn't worry. It seems to me that this right of supervision is best left to the people of Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Looks like the conflict between humans and adepti was avoided. All's well that ends well, huh?
:{{DIcon}} You can say that again...
:{{DIcon}} The adepti were quite reasonable in the end...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! It's nice that we've got peace and all, but we're forgetting one thing!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Childe wanted to unleash the god so he could lure Rex Lapis out!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we were able to handle the Overlord of the Vortex on our own... So Rex Lapis never showed up!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and speaking of that &mdash; don't we still need to get to the bottom of that archon's "death," too?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it... But, isn't the strongest lead we have the adepti-less Rite of Parting that we're organizing?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No idea where Zhongli's gone. Let's ask for him at [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]].

;(Talk to the [[Ferrylady]])
:{{A|vo lyaq206 2 ferrylady 01.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Is there anything I can do for you two? I'm afraid that Wangsheng Funeral Parlor isn't in the best state to receive guests.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've come to see Zhongli. Could you please tell him we're here?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 2 ferrylady 02.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Unfortunately, Zhongli isn't here at the moment. It seems he went to Northland Bank.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't the Northland Bank belong to the Fatui?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Last time we saw Zhongli was before we went to the Golden House...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think he doesn't know about the attack on Liyue? Visiting the Fatui at a time like this could only mean more trouble!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We had better go and make sure that everything is okay.

;(Talk to the Ferrylady again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 ferrylady 01.ogg}} '''Ferrylady:''' Come to think of it, I wonder what business Mr. Zhongli has at the Northland Bank? He didn't tell me, either...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Northland Bank===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon entering Northland Bank)
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You call this "cooperation between Harbingers"? Cooperation involves communication, you know...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 01.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Hehe, don't take it to heart, Childe. Besides, weren't you happy that you got to skip the formalities and bring chaos to the land? I'm sure you must've enjoyed that...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 02.ogg}} '''Signora:''' ...Oh, it seems that some of your friends have arrived.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Zhongli and Childe! And... you! You're also one of the Harbingers...
:{{DIcon}} [[Signora]]!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 03.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Haha, it's you two. I believe we've met once before... In the City of Bards, was it? I'm glad you still remember my name.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 04.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Ah, right. I imagine that it must have been rather hard to forget watching helplessly as something precious was snatched away from your friend.
:{{DIcon}} (Breathe... Just stay calm.)
:{{DIcon}} I still have time to take it back.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, don't let her get to you, (Traveler)...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've yet to gather the powers of all seven elements, and our last battle at the Golden House was almost more than you could handle...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it might be best to keep things peaceful this time, seeing that two of the Harbingers are here.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well, if it isn't (Traveler). This is our first time seeing each other since Liyue was nearly wiped off the map. This is certainly a bit... awkward, wouldn't you say?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon knew that we should never have trusted a Fatui Harbinger.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Aw, now don't say that. Sure, I may have misled you, but I never had anything against you personally...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Besides, I thought we were getting along quite well together, didn't you? Except for that little tussle we had at the end... Haha.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Nothing personal, we just have... different views, that's all. Of course, you may very well hold this against me, but that's up to you...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The real deceivers here are Signora and Zhongli... curse them for leading me on.
:{{DIcon}} Zhongli tricked you?
:{{DIcon}} Signora and Zhongli?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So actually, I think&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 05.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Stop wasting time, Childe. There'll be plenty of time to chat once I'm through here.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 06.ogg}} '''Signora:''' You remember the agreement, Morax. Now, if you would be so kind... The [[Gnosis]], please.
:{{DIcon}} Agreement?
:{{DIcon}} Gnosis?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What in the world are you talking about!?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The contract is fulfilled. That which thou seeketh is now bestowed unto thee, for my promise is solid as stone.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 07.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Hmph, how sanctimonious...
:{{DIcon}} So Zhongli is actually Rex Lapis?
:{{DIcon}} I mean, I did have my suspicions...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What! So you're the Lord of Geo?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, wait! That's an exciting twist and all &mdash; but why give the Gnosis to the Fatui!?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I do not give it for free. I give it as agreed upon in the contract... for it is a matter solely between the Tsaritsa and I.
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid I don't understand...
:{{DIcon}} And why did you feign your death?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you don't think you went a little bit too far with that whole fake death thing!? Everyone was preparing the ceremony for you when splat, this big dragon falls out of the sky and all of Liyue goes into an uproar. Talk about a disaster!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 08.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Hehe... Gathering all the forces that had been bubbling behind the scenes, and then stirring them together in a pot that was bound to boil over... That's what he wanted to see, am I right?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... what?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Perhaps it's best that I explain.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As you know, I've dwelt upon this world for more than six thousand years. It is now 3,700 years ago that I founded Liyue together with the adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Even boulders that can withstand whirlpools will erode with the passing of time. I kept convincing myself that cracks had not begun to form and that the end of my time had not yet come.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Until one drizzly day, as I was strolling along the harbor, I heard a merchant tell one of his workers, "You've finished your duties, go ahead and call it a day."
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I stood motionless among the crowds, asking myself, "Have I already finished my duties?"
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Zhongli...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But as I began to consider relinquishing my divine role, I soon discovered that many reasons still remained to not hastily depart.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Was Liyue, the city I had dwelt in for so long, already prepared to enter its next age? I decided that a test was needed in order to reveal the answer.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So I feigned my own death, and gathered the cast of Childe, the adepti, and the Liyue Qixing to play their roles together on the stage that was Liyue.
:{{DIcon}} So, were you satisfied with the finale?
::{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 12a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed, I was. The Gnosis I had kept for so many years suddenly seemed to have lost its meaning.
:{{DIcon}} Let me guess &mdash; you had another plan in case it all burned down.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 12b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That's right, which is why I continued to safeguard the Gnosis until now.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you mean that if the chaos ever reached the point of no return, you would simply appear and use your divine powers to bring Liyue back under control?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 09.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Of course. And it would have been all too easy for him, too.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 10.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Just as a child quickly matures after losing their parents, so has Liyue matured when faced with the death of its deity...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' In the end, the resolution to all that has transpired was even more satisfactory than I could have hoped for.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Take the adepti, for instance. Owing to their years of seclusion, they were the least informed. Yet, when faced with a crisis, they, commendably, showed the greatest amount of restraint possible. Not only did they manage to co-operate with the Qixing, but in the end, they even made efforts to understand the hearts of the people.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Credit is also due to Signora, the emissary dispatched by the Cryo Archon to fulfill our contract. At my request, she kept everything she knew in strict confidence &mdash; this despite the eavesdropping ears of her colleague, Childe.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This meant I could remain as Zhongli, even having the chance to fulfill the age-old traditions of Liyue in this mortal form. Thank you for joining me on this journey, Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 17.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' All of these things turned out as I had planned. There is only one thing that I had not anticipated... and that was the conduct of the Liyue Qixing.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 18.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I had expected them to do no more than the adepti... To come to the defense of Liyue. But when all was said and done...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 19.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' They seized the opportunity to supplant Liyue's divine protectors, and used the subsequent power vacuum left by my death to quickly gain complete control of Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? That doesn't sound good at all!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 20.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hah... On the contrary, I think it is excellent. I had always feared that it was far too soon for them to take over from me, and it was also that which I longed for the most. As such, this is the best parting gift anyone could have given this god of old.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey, what about me? Doesn't anyone feel the least bit of remorse for deceiving me? You've practically kept me in the dark!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 11.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Heh, I think that thanks would be more appropriate. You certainly played no small part in all of this... Wreaking havoc and turning the city upside down. The Lord of Geo ought to thank you for your performance, if anything.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 12.ogg}} '''Signora:''' If you hadn't created the pressure of a battle between mortals, adepti, and a god, the lump of coal resting in the hands of the Geo Archon &mdash; Liyue &mdash; would never have been able to become a dazzling diamond of a city.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Huh? Just whose side are you on, mocking me like that? Are you itching for a fight?
:{{DIcon}} We were both equally fooled.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 10a.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Be that as it may, you've come out of this as the hero of Liyue. I, on the other hand, will forever be proscribed as a disturber of peace, no?
:{{DIcon}} You've really embarrassed yourself this time.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 10b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey! Haven't you learned the Liyue saying? "Don't always call it as you see it"!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 13.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Well then, with the Gnosis in my possession, I have no use for such idle chatter. We should return to Zapolyarny Palace and seek an audience with Her Majesty, the Tsaritsa. Come, Childe.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ugh, fine... I'll meet you there later. I'm not sharing a boat with the likes of you.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 signora 14.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Hmph, do as you wish.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 21.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Now then, is there anything else you wish to ask me?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to know what the Cryo Archon offered you.
:{{DIcon}} What could possibly be worth a Gnosis?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! As Zhongli always told us, "a good trade is a fair trade." Paimon has no idea what could be a good trade for a Gnosis.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 22.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Realistically speaking, there is no such thing.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh???
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 23.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' However, I am the God of Contracts. For thousands of years, I have made countless contracts. If the deal was of no benefit, then I certainly would not be inclined to agree to it.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 24.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' My agreement with the Cryo Archon will be the last of my contracts as the Geo Archon &mdash; my "contract to end all contracts."
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 25.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As for the bargaining chip that the Tsaritsa used to balance the scales...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 3 zhongli 26.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Uncover that answer for yourself in your future journeys.
----
;(If you talk to Zhongli again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon... can't... absorb so much information at once...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Zhongli, what sort of contract did you sign with the Cryo Archon? Paimon's so curious!
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...One of the clauses of our contract was not to divulge any of its contents.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... You're so petty.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Rite of Parting===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After exiting Northland Bank)
:'''''After the dust settles, a date is fixed for the Rite of Parting...'''''

:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Today's the day of the [[Rite of Parting]].
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although the star of the show is fake, we've spent so much time trying to organize it. It would be a real shame not to go there now.

;(Talk to [[Big-Footed Dajiao]])
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 bigfooted 01.ogg}} '''Big-Footed Dajiao:''' ...Well, since we're going through with this Rite of Parting... I guess it means that those rumors hit the nail on the head.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 wrenchwang 01.ogg}} '''Wrench Wang:''' So Rex Lapis is really... But they didn't catch the culprit, did that?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 bigfooted 02.ogg}} '''Big-Footed Dajiao:''' Ah, come on, do you think that the assassin could have been a normal person? You know what I think? I don't think any of the gossip on the streets you hear from those shady types is worth anything.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 bigfooted 03.ogg}} '''Big-Footed Dajiao:''' There's only one real possibility in my mind. I've heard that the assassin was that Fatui fellow. Youngish, pretty high in rank &mdash; I think they called him Childe.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 wrenchwang 02.ogg}} '''Wrench Wang:''' The Fatui? They certainly are very suspicious. Who knows what those greedy, crooked folks...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 bigfooted 04.ogg}} '''Big-Footed Dajiao:''' Shh! Lower your voice! If the Fatui catch you in their sights, Rex Lapis won't be around to protect you this time!

;(Talk to [[Uncle Gao]])
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 unclegao 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' You know that god from the ocean couldn't have just shown up out of nowhere. I mean, it's been two thousand years since Rex Lapis subdued it.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 unclesun 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' Yes, and to think that this happened right on the heels of the incident with Rex Lapis, too...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 unclegao 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Say, do you think the person who assassinated our Lord and released that evil god might have been one and the same?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 unclesun 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' Now that you mention it, that's very possible. Yes... it's very possible indeed.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 unclesun 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' I mean, it all fits together! That person must have colluded with the evil god to harm Rex Lapis. Ugh, that wicked black-hearted scoundrel...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 unclesun 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' Still, what sort of supernatural prowess must this person possess to be able to do such things? I have never heard of such a person in all my years.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 4 unclegao 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Ah, forget it. Guessing's no use to us. Look, the Millelith over there looks like he's about to make an announcement. Let's hear what the Ministry of Civil Affairs has to say first.

;(Approach the Millelith)
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 fengyan 01.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' Hear ye all the Qixing's words:
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 fengyan 02.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' Though a dragon soars ageless as the mountains, it too must return to dust. This is common knowledge.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 fengyan 03.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' Gods and adepti live glorious lives, but both light and shadow have their season. So, too, must they face divinely-appointed trials.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 fengyan 04.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' Rumors and hearsay abound on the streets that Rex Lapis was murdered. Now, let the truth be revealed.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 fengyan 05.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' Having been thwarted in his trial, Rex Lapis' soul has recouped the celestial heights. He beseeches the people of Liyue to grieve not, and to not let their hearts be saddened.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 fengyan 06.ogg}} '''Fengyan:''' Nor are they to believe street-borne rumors or indulge in baseless speculation.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... Um, Paimon needs a translation on what the Qixing's announcement said, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} They said that Rex Lapis wasn't murdered.
:{{DIcon}} They said that Rex Lapis died because of a divine trial.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...So that's how they're spinning it...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something feels off. Why would they suddenly give up looking for the murderer? Not to mention how this excuse sounds like something they just made up on the spot.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could the Qixing already have known that Rex Lapis wasn't dead? But Zhongli said that neither they nor adepti knew anything....
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Did Zhongli tell them in secret after his Gnosis changed hands?
:{{DIcon}} That's possible.
:{{DIcon}} I think you've hit the bull's-eye this time.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly, right? Ooh, seems like the Rite of Parting has been going on for a while now. Let's go have a look.
----
;(Approach the Rite of Parting area)
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, it's [[Ningguang]] and [[Keqing]]. Are they saying something? Are their speeches over?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' ....As said previously, Rex Lapis' soul returning to the heavens is the end of the contract, and it is also the end of an era.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 shitou 01.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' 3,700 years of contracts, burnt and reduced to ash...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' We, the people of Liyue were indeed prosperous. But blinded by our prosperity, we forgot that time can be pitiless.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' The long, unending dream of our archon walking among us...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Mm...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now that we have awoken from our dream, we must learn to say farewell.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Will you stand with us as we reestablish our contracts &mdash; as we build a new age of prosperity?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' So concludes the words of her Eminence, the Tianquan.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Does Her Eminence the Yuheng have anything to add?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Is she looking this way?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Traveler.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! She really is looking our way!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 peoplea 01.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Is that the traveler who they say defeated the ancient god?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 peopleb 01.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' So young...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The Liyue Qixing always repay their debts. And as you have heard, our eyes see far and our reach is long.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 keqing 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Name your price. You deserve that much.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 6 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo lyaq206 6 heroine 01.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' Well... could you help me put up some missing person posters...?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Talking to the Attendees===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Shitou)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 shitou 01.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Ah, Rex Lapis... Rex Lapis...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 shitou 02.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Hmm. Now that I think about it, if everyone's the same mind as me...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 shitou 03.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Perhaps mementos for Rex Lapis might be the best short-term business opportunity.

;(Talk to Ying'er)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Ha, and to think I'd put my best perfume on before coming here, thinking you'd like it...
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' But it seems as if those perfumes really were meant to be offered to Rex Lapis.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Well, that's fine. Suffer no rivals in love, they say, and that's three gone in one stroke. *chuckles*

;(Talk to Madame Ping)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' As for the mortals and adepti of Liyue... what shape shall our relationship take from now on?

;(Talk to Keqing)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Heh. Why, you... Were you just trying to look cool earlier, or are you really that selfless?
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' If you were looking for someone, you could have just told me that in private...

;(Talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Roping you in was possibly the most masterful move we could have made. I believe that future generations will say so too, when our deeds come up for their review.

;(Talk to Ganyu)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' The clean-up of the premises, managing the crowds as they exit, making an account of the Rite... There's much that remains to be done. I didn't miss anything, did I?

;(Talk to Zhongli)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh? Why are you hanging back here? Don't you want to get closer to the action?
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq206 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' You went through a lot to organize this rite, and this is a rare opportunity to see your journey bear fruit with your own eyes. You should make the most of it.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Zhongli's Farewell===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Zhongli)
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Zhongli!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look at this. Everyone in Liyue's caught up in their emotions, thinking they'll never see Rex Lapis again...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...And here you are, looking all relaxed!
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hahaha. Why would I not feel more at ease after laying down the burden I have borne for 3,700 years?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Right, if the two of you can spare the time. I should treat you to a meal at the [[Xinyue Kiosk]].
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah! That sounds like big talk, Zhongli. Paimon might have believed you if you were treating us to some [[Third-Round Knockout]], but you'd have to pay out your nose just to stand inside Xinyue Kiosk. Are you sure you can afford it?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' You're right, I do lack the Mora.
:{{DIcon}} You've been this way this entire time, but...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would Morax lack Mora?
:{{DIcon}} But why would Morax lack Mora?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As the Rex Lapis Morax, I can easily create Mora. But since I have chosen to walk this earth as the mortal Zhongli, I should abide by the same rules that mortals do.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' When I was journeying with you, though I still had the Gnosis in hand, I knew that I must soon retire from my role as an archon. So I had to... rehearse a little, for my new life.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no wonder! Paimon gets it now. You didn't look at the price tags when we were spending because you've never had to.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But since you weren't used to not being able to just make some Mora as and when you wanted to, you had to try becoming a parasite to society who lives off of other peoples' credit...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well, we were only spending Fatui money. You don't have to say it like that...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' In the city of commerce, we do not merely exchange money or goods. We also exchange knowledge, memories, and foresight, as well as positions, roles, and lives.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The archon Morax could never experience life as the true mortal Zhongli could, no matter how many times he descended to be with his people.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, I must thank you for that, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I will treasure the memories that I made as Zhongli, traveling the streets of Liyue with you.
:{{DIcon}} It was a fine journey.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That is true, but there is no journey that does not end. No meetings without partings.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm... Paimon thinks that we should make a move and continue our search for The Seven.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I fear that continuing your journey may be difficult. The nation that neighbors Liyue by sea, [[Inazuma]], is [[Sakoku Decree|presently closed]].
:{{DIcon}} "Closed"?
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 14a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes. The nation has been closed by order of its deity.
:{{DIcon}} Who's the god who rules Inazuma?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The Electro Archon, [[Ei|Baal]] &mdash; and just as the people of Liyue preferred to call me Rex Lapis, she too goes by another name among locals in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon thinks we've heard that one before. Uh.. Rai... Raiden?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That is the case. And since Raiden is also the Shogun of Inazuma, people call her the [[Raiden Shogun]].
:{{DIcon}} The Inazuma Shogunate...
:{{DIcon}} The Shogun...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That said, though people at the wharf were saying that the situation in Inazuma is very tense, Paimon doesn't remember that always being the case. It wasn't that bad last year...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Zhongli, since you're Rex Lapis, shouldn't you know something about what's happening there? Just how did Inazuma become a closed nation?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 17.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's because of [[Vision]]s.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Visions?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 18.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' When faced with circumstances beyond their control, humans often bemoan their lack of power.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 19.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But if a person shows true strength of will at a desperate and fateful moment in their life, the gods will look upon them with favor.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 20.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That is what Visions are. Magical foci bestowed upon those who have been acknowledged by the gods.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh. That's how people in Teyvat see it.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 21.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But starting from last year, the Raiden Shogun began promulgating the "[[Vision Hunt Decree]]."
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Vision Hunt Decree?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 22.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes. It was an order to seize all Visions within Inazuma's borders, and to inlay them upon the hands of the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]].
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They want to seize Visions? But why? Aren't Visions blessings from the gods?
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 23.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I should think that in the Raiden Shogun's eyes, it is precisely because they are divine blessings, that they should be under the sole dominion of divinity.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... That's harsh.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 24.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The Anemo Archon is the God of Freedom, and the Geo Archon is the God of Contracts. For her part, the Raiden Shogun is the God of Eternity. It seems as though she has finally decided to eliminate any unstable elements that could pose a threat to her eternal realm.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 25.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The fact that even I, the oldest of The Seven, have now "passed away" will only strengthen her resolve to pursue eternity.
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 26.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Knowing her, she must have again quoted that adage she is most fond of when proclaiming that decree to her people:
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 27.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' "Seven ideals for seven gods, and of these, Eternity is nearest unto the [[Heavenly Principles]]."
:{{DIcon}} Heaven...
:{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 28.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Alright, then. Was there anything else you wished to know?
:{{DIcon}} So, about the "trial"...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29a 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha... Ah, that was a good one. Failing a divine trial? How they came up with that excuse, I will never know.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29a 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That said, the reason why the Qixing were so eager to resolve the incident and stop pursuing the culprit was indeed because they received news in secret that Rex Lapis was not dead.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29a 3.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I hinted as much to the adepti as well.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29a 4.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' How did I accomplish that, you ask? Hmm... Have you ever heard of this particularly convenient adepti art known as "gifting dreams and visions"?
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} What about Childe...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 17b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, about that. Before the Qixing made their announcement, we listened to a lot of people talking on the way. Most of them put the blame of everything on Childe.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29b 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' These are indeed false accusations, but it remains undeniably true that Childe did send people to the Jade Chamber to prevent the adepti and the Qixing from defeating the ancient god.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29b 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I've heard that Ningguang is busy milking that for all it's worth on the foreign relations front at the moment, browbeating the envoys of the Fatui.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29b 3.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ah, those poor Snezhnayan diplomats. If it were not for Childe's exalted position as a Harbinger, I'm certain that they would have shifted all the blame to him and called for his dismissal by now.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} As for the Liyue Qixing...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29c 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' "The time of the adepti has long passed. If even the Liyue Qixing don't want to face that truth, then what future is there for Liyue?"
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29c 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Keqing is absolutely right in saying this.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29c 3.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Now, though I did laud Ningguang's desire for power, believing this to be a good thing, and thought as a matter of course that she must have been behind the Qixing's plan to take governing power over Liyue from the hands of the gods and adepti...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29c 4.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Could the original person who brought up the idea of seizing power have been...? Hmm...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Now, about Mora...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 17d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Zhongli, now that you don't have your Gnosis, what's going to happen to all the Mora in Teyvat?
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 17d 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since Morax is "dead," are they all just gonna disappear?
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 17d 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, isn't the Golden House the only mint in the entire continent? Will it even continue to work?
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29d 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The Mora present now will not vanish. But the Golden House will indeed have to cease operations for a lengthy period of time, since creating Mora requires the use of the Geo Archon's power.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 17d 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh! This is terrible. We're all about to run out of Mora! The world is coming to an end!
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29d 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes, this is indeed a major issue from a financial standpoint...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29d 3.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Uh... Well. I suppose we'll just leave such troublesome matters to the Liyue Qixing to debate.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 17d 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then... did you at least set some private funds aside for yourself?
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29d 4.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, a private fund? Hmm, this does seem like a good, logical, common-sense idea.
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29d 5.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ah, it's a shame...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 paimon 17d 6.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's a shame?
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29d 6.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's a shame that I didn't think of it at the time.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing else...
::{{A|vo lyaq206 8 zhongli 29e.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well then, I suppose you'll have to find a way to get inside this closed nation. Have patience... I suspect that some serendipity must first come into play...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Fond Farewell
|zhs     = 送仙
|zhs_rm  = Sòng Xiān
|zht     = 送仙
|zht_rm  = Sòng Xiān
|zh_tl   = Adeptus Farewell
|ja      = 送仙
|ja_rm   = Sousen{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Adeptus Farewell{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 송신
|ko_rm   = Songsin
|ko_tl   = Sending God
|es      = El Rito del Ascenso
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Ascension
|fr_tl   = Ascension
|ru      = Церемония Вознесения
|ru_tl   = Ceremony of Ascension
|ru_note = "Ascension" here means "release from earthly life".
|th      = ส่งเซียน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Adepti Sending
|vi      = Tiễn {{tt|Tiên|仙}}
|vi_tl   = Adeptus Farewell
|de      = Liebevoller Abschied
|de_tl   = Fond Farewell
|id      = Perpisahan
|id_tl   = Farewell
|pt      = A Despedida Carinhosa
|pt_tl   = The Fond Farewell
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]
[[pt-br:A Despedida Carinhosa]]