{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41130
|type          = World
|image         = 
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|The Crisis Deepens|showType=0}}
|startLocation = [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Fading Star's Might*20;Primogem*40;Mora*25,000
|characters    = Jinglun; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Siege of Qingce''''' is one of the quests during the second phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Star of Deceitful Dreams. The player must complete [[The Crisis Deepens]] to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
#Speak to [[Jinglun]]
#Defeat all enemies and clear all the obstacles
#Return to [[Qingce Village]] and report back to Jinglun
#Defeat the enemies
#*Defeat one [[Stonehide Lawachurl]]
#Report back to Jinglun

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Millelith soldier Jinglun is fretting about how to defeat the monsters around Qingce Village...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Jinglun)
:'''Jinglun:''' Traveler, over here!
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
:'''Jinglun:''' It's about Qingce Village again. Those meteorites that came down have caused the monsters around the village to go wild. They've been rampaging across the roads, and Qingce Village is on the verge of being surrounded by them.
:'''Jinglun:''' While no major harm will befall Qingce Village so long as we guard it, the supplies we get from the city need to come in from the outside.
:'''Jinglun:''' Under the present circumstances, the Ministry of Civil Affairs can't send too many troops to escort those supplies. They would be in trouble if attacked by large groups of monsters.
:'''Jinglun:''' I and some of my compatriots gave this some thought... and while we can't go too far from Qingce Village, we can help to defeat the monsters near the village itself.
:'''Jinglun:''' This way, we can help those who are escorting our supplies. However, our scouts tell us that there are quite a few points of monster concentration.
:'''Jinglun:''' We'd be hard-pressed to take all these camps out in good time by ourselves. And I worry that something might happen to Qingce Village if we take too long...
:'''Jinglun:''' Could you help us with a portion of the monsters, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
::'''Jinglun:''' Great! I'll call the others, and we'll head out immediately. The quicker we settle this, the better.
::'''Jinglun:''' Let's meet back here once we've defeated them all.
:{{DIcon}} I have other matters to attend to.
::'''Jinglun:''' Um... Alright then. It's fine, we'll think of another way to deal with those monsters...
----
;(Upon approaching the area)
:'''Paimon:''' This seems to be a rally point for the monsters.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go clear out the area.

;(After clearing all obstacles and defeating the enemies)
:'''Paimon:''' That should be the last of them. Let's go back and meet up with Jinglun.
----
;(Talk to Jinglun)
:'''Jinglun:''' That won't do... We need reinforcements...
:{{DIcon}} I've cleaned the monsters out.
:'''Jinglun:''' Thank you very much, but I'm afraid there's been an emergency.
:'''Jinglun:''' I'd assumed that the monsters around Qingce Village were all the ordinary sort...
:'''Jinglun:''' I'd just led some troops to clean out one monster camp, and we were looking to get some rest before continuing.
:'''Jinglun:''' But that was when a Stonehide Lawachurl came charging out of the nearby woods...
:'''Jinglun:''' It was upon us before we could even react, and many were injured... We were forced to fall back.
:'''Jinglun:''' That monster is too huge a threat to be left alone, but the other detachments have yet to return from clearing their targets out...
:'''Jinglun:''' Could you help us defeat that monster, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} You can count on me.
::'''Jinglun:''' I will, thank you. I'm really sorry... This should have been our task.
:{{DIcon}} How are the wounded.
::'''Jinglun:''' We were able to get help in time, so no one is in serious danger... But they'll have trouble moving about for a while.
::'''Jinglun:''' As such, I'm afraid it's all up to you, Traveler.
::'''Jinglun:''' I'm very sorry. This should have been our duty...

;(Talk to Jinglun again)
:'''Jinglun:''' We're counting on you to defeat that monster, Traveler.
:'''Jinglun:''' *sigh* If only I was more alert...
----
;(Talk to Jinglun after defeating the Stonehide Lawachurl)
:'''Jinglun:''' How did it go? Did you defeat that monster?
:{{DIcon}} Sure did.
:'''Jinglun:''' That's great... I suppose we can finally rest easy now.
:'''Jinglun:''' Thanks for your help, Traveler. Here's a token of our appreciation.
:'''Jinglun:''' ...Still, it doesn't add up. Why would such a creature suddenly show up near Qingce Village?
:'''Jinglun:''' Regardless, I'll have to report this matter to the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]].
:'''Jinglun:''' I hope that they'll be able to send us more people...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Siege of Qingce
|zhs     = 轻策之围
|zhs_rm  = Qīngcè zhī Wéi
|zht     = 輕策之圍
|zht_rm  = Qīngcè zhī Wéi
|zh_tl   = The Siege of Qingce
|ja      = 軽策の囲い
|ja_rm   = Keisaku no Kakoi
|ja_tl   = Qingce's Enclosure
|ko      = 포위된 경책
|ko_tl   = Surrounded Qingce
|es      = El asedio de Chingtsé
|es_tl   = The Siege of Qingce
|fr      = Le siège de Qingce
|fr_tl   = The Siege of Qingce
|ru      = Осада Цинцэ
|ru_tl   = The Siege of Qingce
|th      = Qingce ที่ถูกล้อม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vòng Vây Khinh Sách
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Belagerung von Qingce
|de_tl   = The Siege of Qingce
|id      = Pengepungan Qingce
|id_tl   = The Siege of Qingce
|pt      = O Cerco de Qingce
|pt_tl   = The Siege of Qingce
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:軽策の囲い]]
[[ru:Осада Цинцэ]]