{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Felis Fuscus Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Felis Fuscus Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Lyney
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter IV]]: Act II - [[As Light Rain Falls Without Reason]]
}}
{{Description|The "Phantom Weasel" who brought the Court of Fontaine to its knees has resurfaced once again after ten years. Behind a tangled web of doubt and suspicion, a meticulously-planned magic show is about to begin.<br>"Let's fulfill his past dream for him. It feels like those happy moments are right in front of us."<br>"The petals of Lumidouce Bell flutter, as the stars illuminate our stage."<br>Until the finale arrives... may all grievances be gone with the wind, and all glory endure in legacy.}}
'''The Forgotten Thief''' is the first act of [[Lyney]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Felis Fuscus Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|As Light Rain Falls Without Reason}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the events of the quest, the [[Traveler]] helps Lyney uncover the identity of the "Phantom Weasel", a notorious thief who has resurfaced for reasons unknown.

==List of Quests==
# [[The Phantom Thief's Reappearance]]
# [[The Magician's Secret]]
# [[The Truest Thing]]
# [[The Interview]]

==Summary==
;The Phantom Thief's Reappearance
Walking around the [[Court of Fontaine]], the [[Traveler]] spots [[Charlotte]] asking [[Abagnale]] about his thoughts on the Phantom Weasel. After he leaves, Charlotte notices them and asks them what they think about the Phantom Weasel, but they don't know of their identity. Charlotte explains that ten years ago, the Phantom Weasel was a professional thief who was never caught by the authorities and targeted everyone regardless of wealth. Around that time, a magician named [[Cesar]] fell to his death during a performance, and while investigating his belongings, the [[Gardes]] found the stolen goods, making everyone believe that he was the Phantom Weasel, as the thefts also fell at the same time. However, the Phantom Weasel is now said to return, as there was a poster put on the [[Opera Epiclese]] stating so. Charlotte anticipates an exciting article and then spots Lyney performing a show, believing that he might have a connection to the Phantom Weasel.

The three approach Lyney after he finishes the show, where he too has learned of the Phantom Weasel and offers to help investigate them, having the Traveler and Paimon assist as "temporary assistants". Lyney states that they'll have to look into Cesar to check if he faked his death or not, and their first best bet would be approaching his fiancée [[Jemma]], who is said to frequent the cemetery at [[Poisson]].

Arriving at the cemetery, they meet up with [[Lynette]], who hadn't spotted Jemma yet. Therefore, they ask the others about her and Cesar, hoping that the case could be finally closed. They then spot Jemma and ask her about Cesar, though they realize that she's hiding something from them. Regardless, Lyney asks the Traveler and Paimon to meet him at [[Hotel Debord]] to begin the next step in their investigation.

;The Magician's Secret
When they arrive at Hotel Debord, they meet up with [[Lorenzo]], a former magician and apprentice of Cesar's who had since retired from the career and is now a businessman. While asking about Cesar, Lorenzo becomes agitated and annoyed before [[Edmondo]] unintentionally interrupts, causing Lorenzo to threaten him to back off before storming out of the room. This behavior makes them realize that he's definitely hiding something and they ask Edmondo about Lorenzo, who tells them that those who make an enemy of Lorenzo are met with misfortune. As he leaves, Lyney realizes that someone's watching them and tells them to meet him outside of the city to avoid unnecessary intervention from the Gardes.

Outside, Lyney calls the pursuers out, who try to kill them. After a brief scuffle, the pursuers realize that they can't handle a Vision bearer and flee, but not before remarking about how their tactics wouldn't work on the lady. Lyney correctly assumes that they meant Jemma, so they return to her and tell her that they gave them a taste of their own medicine. Jemma explains that whenever she tried to look into Cesar's death, they would always come and threaten her, but after being assured that they wouldn't do so anymore, allows Lyney to investigate on her behalf. Lyney has Lynette watch her while he and the Traveler go to investigate Cesar's workshop, which had been sealed by the Gardes after his death.

Exploring into the workshop, the Traveler and Paimon eventually find Cesar's diary, which contains writing about two kids that he had agreed to train and the time he spent with them. Paimon believes the two kids he was talking about were actually Lyney and Lynette, so they ask Lyney about it. Before they could do so, Lyney explains about the trick Cesar wanted to perform and while reading his notes, discovered that someone had intentionally sabotaged his play and resulted in his death. As Lorenzo was the only one closest to Cesar, he calls him out on his murder. Lorenzo appears with his lackeys and tries to kill them, but they easily overwhelm his group.

Lorenzo admits to killing Cesar, as he loathed him for self-perceived poverty, since Cesar forbade him from using magic to trick people out of Mora and spent his time entertaining the masses for free rather than charging them and that he was the one who elevated his tricks. He also admits to being the Phantom Weasel, targeting the poor so he could hone his craft to steal more valuable items. Lyney believes that he also had feelings for Jemma but could not admit them because she was engaged to Cesar, though he denies this. After taking him out, he admits his crimes to [[Bruno]] and [[Lori]] and is taken away.

Returning to Lynette and Jemma, Lyney informs them that Cesar's name has been cleared and the true suspect apprehended. They then head to the cemetery where they hold a memorial service for Cesar. Jemma is still upset by her husband's death, though Lynette tries to cheer her up, stating that Lyney is going to host a magic show tomorrow.

;The Truest Thing
Heading to the Opera Epiclese the following day, Lyney performs his show alone, rather than having Lynette with him. After the first half of the performance ends, Lynette reveals that Jemma was the true Phantom Weasel, surprising Paimon. As the audience leaves in anticipation for the second half, they head to a secluded spot where Lyney and Lynette confront Jemma over her identity as the Phantom Weasel. The true Phantom Weasel had begun to worry over being caught by the Gardes, and saw someone she could use as a scapegoat to cover her crimes. When she noticed an aggravated pupil, she realized that she didn't have to get her hands dirtied and used him to perform the murder and to take care of his loved ones.

While not confirming the facts, Jemma states that in the Phantom Weasel's youth, she was betrayed, abused and scorned by others after her parents died when she was young, barely getting by with the happiness she had at the time. However, when the world decided it was enough and betrayed her again, she came to the conclusion that she would detest all types of happiness and steal them to fill the void in her soul. Lyney thanks her for clearing up his confusion before Paimon asks her why she wrote the letter. Lyney reveals that she didn't; he did in order to draw her out, as they felt indebted to Cesar and wanted to restore his legacy. Jemma is confused as to why they would target her, since Lorenzo admitted to everything, but the twins tells her otherwise, as she had feelings for Lorenzo and that her "truth" was gone now that he was apprehended. Before Lyney could leave for his performance, Jemma asks him about the secrets he and Lynette hid from Cesar, believing that he'll be just like her in the future. Lyney denies this notion, stating that he's nothing like her before walking away.

At the top of the opera, Lyney performs his final act, the same one that Cesar had attempted ten years prior. As he falls, he vanishes into a sea of flowers, captivating the audience, including Charlotte. Wondering where he went, Paimon then recalls that Lynette said that he would be at his usual "haunt" and head to the cemetery.

Returning to the cemetery, the two catch up with Lyney, who explains his past to them. After being taken in by [[Arlecchino]], he and Lynette approached Cesar with an agenda in mind. While he and Lynette had some talent, he realized that they needed a professional magician to guide them or they would quickly plateau. They were surprised when he accepted them readily and during the ten days they spent together, Cesar treated them well, yet they hid many secrets from him. When Cesar asked him why he wanted to learn magic, he told him that it was his passion, but knew that it was a lie. While selfishness and lies have followed him and Lynette wherever they went, they are grateful to have each other to get through tough times, unlike Jemma. Lyney then decides to lighten the mood and talks about the show briefly before leaving. Paimon then decides to head to [[The Steambird]] to see what news Charlotte would have made.

;The Interview

The next day, they head to the Steambird, where they find Lyney, Lynette and Charlotte, the latter trying to interview the twins. As the Traveler and Paimon join in, Charlotte tells them that she was about to publish her piece when she was informed that Jemma had turned herself in and admitted to being the real Phantom Weasel. Charlotte noticed that they were nowhere to be seen and asks why Jemma would have turned herself in, so Lyney gives his thoughts on the matter. Paimon then tells her that Lyney was now using Rainbow Roses in his tricks, which gets Lynette's attention as she had never received on from him and believes that he cares more for the Traveler than he does her. Charlotte then realizes she doesn't have time for an interview as the news of Jemma's arrest has made ripples, though not before remarking that she wanted to see Lorenzo one last time, which confused her. As she leaves, Lynette reveals that she had only put on an act to distract Charlotte, though she asks the Traveler not to lose the Rainbow Rose that Lyney gave them.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|type=Act}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Forgotten Thief
|zhs     = 被遗忘的怪盗
|zhs_rm  = Bèi Yíwàng de Guàidào
|zht     = 被遺忘的怪盜
|zht_rm  = Bèi Yíwàng de Guàidào
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 忘れられた怪盗
|ja_rm   = Wasurerareta Kaitou
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 잊힌 괴도
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El ladrón olvidado
|es_tl   = The Forgotten Thief
|fr      = Le voleur oublié
|fr_tl   = The Forgotten Thief
|ru      = Забытый разбойник
|ru_tl   = The Forgotten Robber
|th      = หัวขโมยที่ถูกลืม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đạo Chích Bị Lãng Quên
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der vergessene Dieb
|de_tl   = The Forgotten Thief
|id      = Pencuri Terlupakan
|id_tl   = The Forgotten Thief
|pt      = O Ladrão Esquecido
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Unutulan Hırsız
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il ladro dimenticato
|it_tl   = The Forgotten Thief
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[es:El ladrón olvidado]]
[[pt-br:O Ladrão Esquecido]]
[[vi:Đạo Chích Bị Lãng Quên]]