{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73003
|image         = World Quest The Lost Child.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = I
|act           = Woodland Encounter
|part          = 4
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Arana; Alphonso; Iotham; Traveler; Paimon; Rana
|startLocation = [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|prev          = Into the Woods
|next          = The World of Aranara
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Primogem*50;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
}}
'''''The Lost Child''''' is the fourth and final part of the {{Quest|Woodland Encounter}}.

==Steps==
# Return to [[Vimara Village]]
# Look for [[Iotham]]{{Enemy List|Eremite Crossbow;Eremite Sunfrost}}
# Go into the depths of the cave to look for Iotham
# Defeat the [[Fatui]]{{Enemy List|Fatui Pyro Agent;Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer}}
# Proceed deeper within to look for Iotham
# Try to clean up the [[Withering Zone]]
# Return to Vimara Village
# Escort Iotham back to Vimara Village
# Go to where [[Rana]] is
# Follow the strange traces

==Gameplay Notes==
*Defeating the enemies that appear during step 2 is completely optional.
*Rana will fight alongside the player during steps 4 and 6 as an {{Enemy|Eremite Axe Vanguard}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have taken care of the [[Withering Zone]]s marked by Rana as well as the [[Spinocrocodile]]s. The children at Vimara Village should be safe now. Head back with Rana.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the village)
:'''Rana:''' I'm so glad you both could come with me. Still, I'll need to report the expansion of the nearby Withering Zone to [[Tighnari]].
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Is that... the kid from Vimara Village?
:'''Rana:''' Eh? Iotham! Wait up!

:'''Rana:''' Iotham! Where are you?
:'''Rana:''' I think I just saw him run into the cave.
:'''Mercenary:''' Tsk, it's the Forest Watchers... Don't let them sabotage our sponsor's business.

;(Approach the cave entrance)
:'''Rana:''' I told him not to go running off...! Can you hear me, Iotham? Call out if you can!
:'''Paimon:''' Iothaaam...!

;(Upon entering the cave)
:'''Fatui Sergeant:''' ...Who are you people? Don't get in our way.
:'''Rana:''' Hmph, I should be asking you that question! I'm a Forest Watcher here, and I'm in the middle of searching for a missing child. State your names!
:{{DIcon}} It's the Fatui! Where did they come from?
:{{DIcon}} It's the Fatui. Be careful.
:'''Rana:''' Huh? So, these are the Fatui that Alphonso mentioned? State your business.
:'''Fatui Sergeant:''' Alphonso...? Whatever, don't think you'll be getting out of here without a fight!
:'''Rana:''' Well, looks like we're not gonna be able to talk this one out!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|During the search for Iotham, you ran into The Eremites and the Fatui. This is bad. You need to get through the obstacles and find him quickly.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(During the fight)
:'''Rana:''' Hyah! Get out of Sumeru, you rascals!

;(After defeating the Fatui)
:'''Rana:''' Thank goodness you were here, {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry.
:{{DIcon}} You fought well.
::'''Rana:''' Really? Hehe, probably because you and Paimon were by my side.
:'''Rana:''' Looks like Alphonso wasn't kidding, these Fatui guys are dangerous...
:'''Rana:''' Anyway, we can talk more about that later. Iotham must be somewhere deeper in the cave. We'd better keep moving.

;(After talking to Rana)
:'''Rana:''' Can you hear me, Iotham!? Answer me if you can!
:'''Iotham:''' Rana! Is that you, Rana? *sob*
:'''Rana:''' Don't be scared! {{Traveler}} and I are coming to get you right now!

;(Approach the Withering Zone)
:'''Rana:''' Is that a Withering Zone? In a place like this?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Iotham seems to be trapped in the Withering Zone, and Rana rushed to help regardless of the danger. Go and rescue them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Withering Zone)
:'''Rana:''' Iotham... What happened...
:'''Iotham:''' Wah, Rana... and {{Traveler}}...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What're you doing in... a Withering Zone... And there are so many monsters...
:'''Rana:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} I'll take care of this.
:{{DIcon}} What's that green thing...?
:'''Rana:''' No... There's no time...
:'''Rana:''' Darn it! {{Traveler}}, let's do this together!
:'''Rana:''' Iotham, wait here and don't move! We're coming to rescue you!

;(As the battle begins)
:'''Rana:''' Urgh... I don't feel good...
:'''Iotham:''' Rana! *sob* Just leave me...
:'''Rana:''' Don't be silly! Stop saying that. Just stay still! You'll be okay!

;(Destroy the second Withering Branch)<!-- defeating enemies not required to get this dialogue -->
:'''Rana:''' Iotham... Don't worry! I'm here with you! Even if I'm not here, {{Traveler}} will still be here for you!
:'''Rana:''' Whew... Why are there still more coming...<!--more Fungi will spawn after enough time as passed-->

;(Approach Rana after destroying the third Withering Branch)<!--no need to defeat the Fungi for dialogue-->
<!-- For me this happens after destroying the second branch -->
:'''Rana:''' Ugh...
:'''Iotham:''' Rana...

;(After clearing the Withering Zone)
:'''Rana:''' Whew... Hah... Finally...
:'''Iotham:''' Rana... Waaah...
:'''Rana:''' Iotham... It's okay, little man, there's nothing to cry about. Look... If I can tell them about what I felt in the Withering Zone... to those Akademiya researchers... they'll be able to take care of The Withering for good...
:'''Rana:''' And... did you see... me fight? No... did you see {{Traveler}} fight? Be sure to thank {{MC|him|her}}...
:'''Paimon:''' Rana...
:{{DIcon}} Please, that's enough.
::'''Paimon:''' Rana, you'd better rest now...
:{{DIcon}} I'll go get help.
:'''Rana:''' Ha... haha... it's fine. I just feel a little dizzy, that's all. And a little tired...
:'''Iotham:''' Rana... I'm sorry...
:'''Rana:''' Wh... What are you talking about? You're my little tiger, so no more crying! You're okay, aren't you? Does anything hurt, Iotham...? Do you feel dizzy, weak, or...
:'''Iotham:''' I'm fine, but Rana, you...
:'''Rana:''' It's nothing... I'll be fine. I'm a battle-hardened Forest Watcher, after all! Let's go!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Rana, optional)
:'''Rana:''' (At least Iotham and {{Traveler}} are safe)

;(After talking to Rana and Iotham)
:'''Iotham:''' I'm sorry, Rana...
:'''Rana:''' Don't worry about me. Now let me catch my breath...
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Probably because of the magical green shield, Iotham is merely scared. Rana doesn't look so well, though. Better bring them back to Vimara Village as soon as possible.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Rana:''' I'm sorry... {{Traveler}}, Paimon, I need to rest... Wait for me, Iotham.
:'''Paimon:''' Rana, are you really okay...?
:{{DIcon}} We'll go get help...
:'''Rana:''' No, no, it's fine... I just need... a little rest...
:'''Iotham:''' I'm sorry, Rana... I'm sorry...
:'''Rana:''' Really... How many times do I have to say it? I'm fine! But I'm very angry...
:'''Rana:''' You promised me... that you wouldn't go into the forest. Once I'm all rested up, I'll teach you a lesson about breaking promises... you little rascal...
:'''Iotham:''' Waaah... Alphonso said that the mushrooms here are huge! And I just wanted to bring you some fresh mushrooms to eat... to give you energy...
:'''Rana:''' Dummy... You didn't need to do that. Just thinking of you guys gives me energy...
:'''Rana:''' Still, hahaha... the mushrooms here really are huge... They'd definitely taste great in a curry...
:{{DIcon}} Did Alphonso let you come here?
:'''Iotham:''' No... Alphonso also told me not to go running off. But I wanted to give Rana something tasty to eat, so I...
:'''Rana:''' Alphonso wouldn't do that, he's Iotham's big brother...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon understands... But Iotham, how did you get stuck in the Withering Zone?
:'''Iotham:''' When I was in the forest, I thought someone was following me... I got scared, I thought it was [[Marana's Avatar]]... So, I just kept running... *sob*
:'''Iotham:''' And I ended up running into Marana...
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:{{DIcon}} "Marana"?
::'''Rana:''' That's... The Withering.
::'''Iotham:''' Oh... Yeah, The Withering.
::{{DIcon}} "Marana's Avatar"?
::'''Iotham:''' Uh-huh. It does bad things in the world for Marana... It's a big black thing...
:{{DIcon}} "Marana's Avatar"?
::'''Iotham:''' Uh-huh. It does bad things in the world for Marana... It's a big black thing...
::{{DIcon}} "Marana"?
::'''Rana:''' That's... The Withering.
::'''Iotham:''' Oh... Yeah, The Withering.
:'''Paimon:''' Marana... What a strange name.
:'''Rana:''' Mm... How did I know that Marana is The Withering...? Dang it... everything's spinning...
:'''Rana:''' Iotham, what was that green thing just now?
:'''Iotham:''' ...
:'''Iotham:''' That was Ararakalari... It can protect people from the corrosion of Marana.
:{{DIcon}} More and more things I don't understand...
:'''Rana:''' This is... a kind of forest magic. It's also a kind of music... It's an Ara...
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
::'''Paimon:''' Don't worry about that, Rana, you need to rest!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about that right now, rest up.
:'''Rana:''' It's on the tip of my tongue, but...
:'''Iotham:''' I'm sorry, Rana, I'm sorry... I'll never run off like that again, I'll be good and stay home...
:'''Rana:''' I know. You'll become smart, healthy, and you'll know right from wrong... It's just like knowing which mushrooms you can eat, and which you can't...
:'''Iotham:''' I know... I know... I'm sorry...
:'''Rana:''' Know that Marana is bad, and... the forest is good... Become a strong and good person, help people who need help... just like {{Traveler}} and Paimon...
:'''Rana:''' And don't forget... the forest will remember...
:'''Paimon:''' Wah, this is bad, Paimon thinks Rana's condition is getting worse!
:{{DIcon}} I'll go get help.
:{{DIcon}} Rana, wait for us.
:'''Rana:''' Eh? Oh... I'm fine, really... I just need to rest for a little while...
:'''Rana:''' {{Traveler}}, please... take Iotham back for me...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay. Let's go, Iotham. Don't move, Rana! We'll be right back!

;(Talk to Rana again)
:'''Rana:''' Don't worry about me... You guys go ahead.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Rana insisted that "a little rest would be enough," and Iotham should be sent back to Vimara Village as soon as possible. But Rana's condition is still worrisome. Go back to her after sending Iotham back.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Alphonso, optional)
:'''Alphonso:''' (I hope everything will go smoothly, but...)

;(Approach Alphonso)
:'''Alphonso:''' Iotham? Why are you... and {{Traveler}}...
:'''Paimon:''' It's urgent, so we'll make this quick...
:{{Black Screen|You quickly explain what happened.}}
:'''Alphonso:''' ...I see. Iotham, you go rest up.
:'''Iotham:''' Okay. I'm sorry, Alphonso...
:'''Alphonso:''' It's fine, what matters is that you're okay... Wait here a moment, {{Traveler}}. I'll go with you as soon as I prepare some medicine.
:{{DIcon}} There's no time. This is the location, head there as soon as you can.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we have to hurry back to look after Rana...
;(The Traveler and Paimon run off)
:'''Alphonso:''' Eh? Wait...
:{{Black Screen|Your pursuit takes you back inside the cavern...}}
;(Enter the cave)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon hopes Rana's okay.

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' ...Eh? Paimon's sure this was the place...
:'''Paimon:''' Rana! Can you hear Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} Rana!
::'''Paimon:''' No answer... Darn it! What happened?
::'''Paimon:''' Hm...? These traces...
:{{DIcon}} What are these traces...
:'''Paimon:''' We'd better follow them... Maybe they're clues left for us by Rana.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Rana is gone. However, some traces appeared from where she was last seen. Follow the traces, and we might find Rana.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Follow the traces)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon hopes Rana had gotten better and walked off on her own...
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' That would be great...

;(Approach the river)
:'''Paimon:''' It went across the river. Let's follow it, {{Traveler}}!

;(Approach the Dendro sphere)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? This looks a lot like the thing that protected Iotham earlier...

;(Talk to Rana)
:'''Rana:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Rana! Can you hear Paimon?
:'''Rana:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on here...? Could it be that Ara-thing Iotham and Rana were talking about? What was it called again?
:{{DIcon}} "Ararakalari"?
::'''Paimon:''' Ah, yes, right, that was it! Paimon thinks they said it could resist the Marana corrosion or something...
::'''???:''' Yes. Nara smart. Ararakalari can resist Marana.
:{{DIcon}} What was that again?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks they said it could resist the Marana corrosion or something... It had a funny name.
::'''???:''' It is Ararakalari. It can fight Marana. Ararakalari, NOT a funny name.
:'''Paimon:''' Woah!
:'''???:''' Woah!
:{{DIcon}} Isn't this the thing we saw before...?
::'''Paimon:''' Phew... You scared Paimon! Paimon thought you were a talking vegetable...
:{{DIcon}} Vegetable...
:'''Arana:''' Not vegetable, Arana. Arana is friend, Aranara.
:{{DIcon}} "Aranara"...
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Did you say Aranara? Now that Paimon's really looking at you, Paimon thinks we really have seen you before...
::{{DIcon}} "Arana"...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks we heard this name when Iotham was telling that story before...
::'''Arana:''' Yes. Nara Iotham is Arana's friend.
:{{DIcon}} "Arana"...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks we heard this name when Iotham was telling that story before...
::'''Arana:''' Yes. Nara Iotham is Arana's friend.
::{{DIcon}} "Aranara"...
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Did you say Aranara? Now that Paimon's really looking at you, Paimon thinks we really have seen you before...
:'''Arana:''' [[Aranara]] are children of the forest, we live with trees. Not like you, Nara {{Traveler}}. You are the child of dandelion, always traveling.
:'''Paimon:''' How do you know {{Traveler}}'s name?
:'''Arana:''' How Arana knows, not important. But Arana wants to help Narana, this very important.
:{{DIcon}} Narana... That's almost a tongue-twister.
::'''Paimon:''' You want to help Rana? What do you need us to do?
:{{DIcon}} What do you need me to do?
:'''Arana:''' Thank you, you good Nara. She is Arana's very important friend. So, Arana will protect her.
:'''Arana:''' But that is not enough. To heal Narana, we need Bija. Nara {{Traveler}} must go to [[Vanarana (Subarea)|Vanarana]] and ask everyone to help get [[Bija]].
:{{DIcon}} Bija...
:{{DIcon}} What's that?
:'''Arana:''' Narana got corroded by Marana, very serious. Bad bugs are biting tree roots. Trees will wither, fruits will rot.
:'''Arana:''' Nara's life is like tree, bad bugs, like Marana. Only Bija can make Narana better.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... So, we need to go somewhere called "Vanarana" and come up with a way to get this Bija, right? Then we can heal Rana?
:'''Arana:''' Mm-hmm.
:{{DIcon}} Then Rana's current condition...
::'''Arana:''' No worry. Arana will be here and fight Marana corrosion. So, Rana will not get worse.
::'''Arana:''' But with no Bija, Rana will not get better either.
:{{DIcon}} Got it. How do we get there?
:'''Arana:''' Follow the forest path, keep going towards where water comes from, then you will reach Vanarana.
:'''Arana:''' Then sing.
:{{DIcon}} Sing?
::{{DIcon}} (A melody is rising up in my mind...)
:{{DIcon}} That'll attract Whopperflowers...
::'''Arana:''' Nara {{Traveler}}, very funny.
::{{DIcon}} (A melody is rising up in my mind...)
:'''Arana:''' This is the Rhythm of the Great Dream. Sing it to enter Vanarana.
:'''Arana:''' Enter our dreams, our world.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Lost Child
|zhs     = 迷失的孩子
|zhs_rm  = Míshī de Háizi
|zht     = 迷失的孩子
|zht_rm  = Míshī de Háizi
|zh_tl   = The Lost Child
|ja      = 迷子になった子供
|ja_rm   = Maigo ni Natta Kodomo
|ja_tl   = The Lost Child
|ko      = 사라진 아이들
|ko_tl   = The Lost Children
|es      = El niño desaparecido
|es_tl   = The Missing Child
|fr      = L'enfant disparu
|fr_tl   = The Lost Child
|ru      = Заблудившийся ребёнок
|ru_tl   = The Lost Child
|th      = เด็กที่หลงทาง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đứa Bé Lạc Đường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das verlorene Kind
|de_tl   = The Lost Child
|id      = Anak yang Tersesat
|id_tl   = The Lost Child
|pt      = Criança desaparecida
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kayıp Çocuk
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il bambino scomparso
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:El niño desaparecido]]