{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73687
|image         = The Sight of the Divine Emissary.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Warrior's Spirit
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete Challenge 2 of the Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Duel
|characters    = Kamisato Ayaka; Mizuta; Onodera; Paimon; Traveler; Yuu; Tetsuya
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = Unexpected Battle
|next          = Warrior's Spirit (Event Quest)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Sight of the Divine Emissary''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Warrior's Spirit]] Event.

==Steps==
# Check out the results of the vote
# Go to the [[Kamisato Estate]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The voting results for Ayaka's outfit will soon be revealed...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(On obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Today's the third day of the competition. The voting results for Ayaka's outfit should be ready, right? Let's check the Bulletin Board in Inazuma City.
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders which outfit theme won, hehe.
----
;(Approach the bulletin board)
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, there's already a crowd gathering in front of the Bulletin Board. Let Paimon see! Coming through!
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 yuu 01.ogg}} '''Yuu:''' Oh, I didn't expect the votes to differ by that much. I thought for sure that Masako would win, given that Warrior's Spirit is a competition unique to Inazuma!
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 tetsuya 01.ogg}} '''Tetsuya:''' Just as I predicted. After all, "The Case Files of Miss Orith" is a recent bestseller. Not only is the story interesting, but the book's illustrations of Fontaine outfits are also really unique.
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 tetsuya 02.ogg}} '''Tetsuya:''' Besides, don't you think that Miss Orith's character is a good fit for Miss Kamisato?
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 yuu 02.ogg}} '''Yuu:''' Well... Miss Orith is fiercely competitive, but loves to play pranks on others, which is nearly the complete opposite of Miss Kamisato. However, it'll be interesting to see Miss Kamisato in a Fontaine outfit.
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what're they talking about? Paimon's kinda confused.
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, look! There are some options for the outfits... "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?|Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji]]"? "The Case Files of Miss Orith"?
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on, didn't they say the choices were gonna be between the four seasons of Inazuma? When did they switch to cosplay outfits from light novels?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they had a change in plans?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe something went wrong with the poll?
:{{A|vo yweq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks we need to find out what happened. C'mon, let's find Ayaka at the Yashiro Commission!

;(Interact with the bulletin board)
:'''Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit:''' Voting results for "Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?"...
:'''Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit:''' Voting Results for "The Case Files of Miss Orith"...
:'''Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit:''' ...
:'''Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit:''' I hereby announce the result of the voting, which was calculated in a transparent and fair manner.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Some sort of mistake seems to have been made in the voting process for Ayaka's outfit...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Ayaka at the Kamisato Estate)
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 mizuta 01.ogg}} '''Mizuta:''' I'm terribly sorry, I was the one who mixed up the two voting boxes! By the time Mr. Onodera came back from his business trip, the results had already been announced...
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' *sigh* In an effort to keep things confidential, we specifically didn't mark the ballots with the title of the poll. I regret that decision now that everything's gotten mixed up.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way... something did go wrong with the outfit voting.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, Paimon, it seems you've also heard about the results.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, and we're not the only ones... It felt like everyone we saw on the way here was talking about it. What are you going to do?
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 onodera 02.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Miss Kamisato, we're the ones responsible for this blunder. I'll go reorganize a vote right now and we'll set things straight.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please wait, Onodera. There might be yet another solution.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The poll error is something that only the competition organizers are aware of. The public didn't seem to notice anything wrong with the ballots.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Moreover, there were no complaints when people thought that outfits from popular works would make an appearance in the exhibition match. On the contrary, everyone seemed to think it was a special surprise.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Since our goal was to generate interest in the competition, the consequences of this mistake shouldn't be viewed a "blunder."
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Ayaka, so do you mean that&mdash;
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, I think we should just make the best of this mistake. In the final exhibition match, I'll simply wear whichever outfit accumulated the most votes.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 onodera 03.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Yes, but... that will make things difficult for you, Miss Kamisato. Unlike outfits tailored for martial arts, the outfits from the novels aren't designed for combat.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It won't be a problem. The Fontaine-style dress from the novel shouldn't be too heavy, so it won't affect my abilities.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'll try to get used to it, even if it's quite different than something I'm accustomed to wearing.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Ayaka is speaking calmly, but Paimon can still feel her courage!
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 onodera 04.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Alright, I understand. In that case, we'll proceed with Miss Kamisato's proposal.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 onodera 05.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' The outfit we prepared for the readers' meet and greet will be tailored and adjusted according to Miss Kamisato's figure. We'll ensure that the outfit is completely ready for the exhibition match!
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you. It's a lot to handle, but I'm sure you can manage.
:;(Onodera and Mizuta leave)
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayaka, will you really be okay wearing some character's cosplay in the exhibition match? You're not pushing yourself because we're here, are you?
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' No, please don't worry. I actually feel relaxed and even a little joyful at the moment.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Before, the thought of wearing a fancy dress on the stage of the exhibition match had me worried. I was concerned about whether I would be presentable enough to meet the audience's expectations.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' However, if I'm wearing the same clothes as a fictional character, then it shouldn't be too big of an issue. The detective in the novel is known for being mischievous and doing things her own way.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Everyone watching the exhibition match will be able to experience something new in a traditional form.
:'''(Traveler):''' (So that's what Ayaka was thinking...)
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And that's not all... Deep down, I've always been looking forward to the day I could wear something different from what I normally do.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, not long after we met, I remember you mentioning that Liyue, Mondstadt... and every nation has their own unique fashion.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' At that time, I couldn't imagine that one day I would be able to experience all these foreign places. But now, all those wishes that were once impossible don't seem so far out of reach.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Besides, my mother was always curious about outfits from other countries when she was alive. This time, I will be able to fulfill my mother's dream.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thinking about it that way, this special outfit can indeed be called a surprise.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, in that case, this whole accident with the vote turned out to be a good thing, hehe. Well, now that this is all settled, let's get ready to go to the arena.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, I know you will do great, Traveler.
:{{A|vo yweq002 2 ayaka 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Onodera and I will also head to the arena to watch your fight once we've confirmed my outfit's measurements.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Sight of the Divine Emissary
|zhs     = 御神使的风姿
|zhs_rm  = Yù-shénshǐ de Fēngzī
|zht     = 御神使的風姿
|zht_rm  = Yù-shénshǐ de Fēngzī
|zh_tl   = The Figure of the Divine Emissary
|ja      = 神使の風姿
|ja_rm   = Shinshi no Fuushi
|ja_tl   = The Appearance of the Divine Emissary
|ko      = 신시의 자태
|ko_rm   = Sinsi-ui Jatae
|ko_tl   = The Figure of the Divine Emissary
|es      = Divina de la muerte
|es_tl   = Divine One of Death
|fr      = La grâce de l'émissaire divin
|fr_tl   = The Grace of the Divine Emissary
|ru      = Облачение божественного посланника
|ru_tl   = Attire of the Divine Emissary
|th      = ท่วงท่าของราชทูตแห่งเทพ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phong Thái Của Sứ Giả
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Haltung der göttlichen Gesandten
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Penglihatan Sang Utusan Suci
|id_tl   = The Vision of the Holy Emissary
|pt      = O Vislumbre da Emissária Divina
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kutsal Elçiye Tanıklık
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'emissario divino si palesa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:O Vislumbre da Emissária Divina]]
[[ru:Облачение божественного посланника]]