{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15009
|image         = Story Quest The Riddle of Sea and Sky.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = Where the Springs Return
|actNum        = III
|act           = Journey to the Mysterious Island
|character     = Mualani
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Karya; Mualani; Paimon; Traveler; Viramdra
|startLocation = [[Ameyalco Waters]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Toyac Springs
|subarea       = Ameyalco Waters
|prev          = Where the Koholasaurs Gather
|next          = The Mysterious Island's Truth
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Riddle of Sea and Sky''''' is the third part of {{Quest|Journey to the Mysterious Island}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the location analyzed by [[Mualani]]
# Activate the [[Phlogiston]] Node (0/2)
# Challenge the [[Spiritway]]
#* ''Upon failing the challenge:'' Get together and discuss countermeasures
# Use the Phlogiston Nodes to switch paths
# Continue onward
# Use the Phlogiston Nodes to switch paths
# Complete the challenge
# Observe the changes in the water
# Accompany Mualani to investigate the whirlpool<!--nothing happens if you go directly to the whirlpool-->
# Rescue [[Viramdra]]
# Help Mualani set up camp

==Gameplay Notes==
* During steps 3, 5, 7, and 10, the active party is limited to a trial [[Mualani]].
* During steps 4 and 6, the active party is limited to the [[Traveler]].

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 5, 8, 9
|character_name          = Mualani

<!-- WL 5 Stats-->
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_name5            = Surf's Up
|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5

|hp5                     = 25,866
|atk5                    = 1,280
|def5                    = 529
|em5                     = 42
|crit_rate5              = 66.2%
|crit_dmg5               = 164.6%
|er5                     = 135%

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Surf's Up
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Reckoning of the Xenogenic
|artifact_feather8       = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|artifact_sands8         = Myths of the Night Realm
|artifact_goblet8        = Pre-Banquet of the Contenders
|artifact_circlet8       = Crown of the Saints
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Obsidian Codex
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 33,555
|atk8                    = 1,254
|def8                    = 687
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 45.2%
|crit_dmg8               = 242.3%
|er8                     = 135.0%
|hydro_dmg8              = 46.6%

<!-- WL 9 Stats-->
|character_level9        = 90
|constellation9          = 3

|weapon_name9            = Surf's Up
|weapon_level9           = 90
|refinement9             = 3

|artifact_flower9        = Reckoning of the Xenogenic
|artifact_feather9       = Root of the Spirit-Marrow
|artifact_sands9         = Myths of the Night Realm
|artifact_goblet9        = Pre-Banquet of the Contenders
|artifact_circlet9       = Crown of the Saints
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Obsidian Codex
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 10
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 13
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 10

|hp9                     = 35,073
|atk9                    = 1,254
|def9                    = 687
|em9                     = 105
|crit_rate9              = 45.2%
|crit_dmg9               = 242.3%
|er9                     = 135.0%
|hydro_dmg9              = 46.6%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Mualani successfully figures out the next destination based on the clues found in the valley, but it seems that new challenges await you there...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Okay, this is the place.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, where do we go next?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'm not completely sure yet. The map seems to indicate there's a mechanism here that crosses the water, but I still need to think about what these lines might be referring to...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I knew it! My theory was correct!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like he's got something to say again.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' If you have any suggestions, then please feel free to share.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I believe the mechanism that the lines are indicating is a Spiritway.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hmm, that is a possibility, but I don't remember anyone from the tribe setting up a Spiritdoor around here.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' According to my theory, it might not have been set up by humans. The [[dragon]]s living in [[Natlan]] also used a similar device, long before the humans.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 04.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Speaking of which, the Spiritdoors your tribe uses may have been built imitating the dragon ones.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I remember now! Uncle [[Nuu]] did mention this possibility to me before...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 05.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' After learning about the legend, I realized that it was connected to my research, and so, I looked up a lot of related information.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 06.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Even though I haven't found an exact route to the mysterious island, I'm fairly certain I've deduced the geographical features of the island's surrounding areas.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 07.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Firstly, it's at an intersection between water and land, and secondly, there should be a high concentration of Phlogiston. My research indicates that the Spiritway was originally a natural phenomenon caused by the flow of Phlogiston.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 08.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Therefore, the area must contain many potential Spiritways, and the dragons who lived here in ancient times may have left behind some devices to control them.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ah... amazing! Now it all makes sense!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now everyone's contributing to the team!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 09.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Ahem... You flatter me. If my theory is correct, we should already be very close to the mysterious island. Once you've unlocked the mechanism, we'll be able to derive the island's location.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alright, then let's start searching for the dragons' Spiritdoor!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 10.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' That's just a quick and easy name... I won't be able to include it in my thesis. Given the dragons used the device long before the humans, we should stick with a name that references no human concepts. Calling it a "Phlogiston Node" would be much more appropriate.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' ...Uh, then let's start searching for the Phlogiston Node! Speaking of which, what is it, exactly?<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "Speaking of which, what does it look like exactly?"</ref>
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 viramdra 11.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' If I'm not mistaken... look that way!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it started glowing! This should be it, right?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Looks like we can activate it once we get close enough. The light does remind me of a Spiritway.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But according to the map, there should be two more Phlogiston Nodes. Let's keep searching, everyone.

;(Talk to [[Karya]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mlnlq005 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' I'm so happy Viramdra was able to help the team.

;(Talk to Viramdra, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mlnlq005 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Now, how to control the Phlogiston Nodes... Let me reflect on the information I read.

;(Approach the eastern node)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sees it! But it's way up high... We'll need to find a way up there.

;(After activating both nodes)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... We finally found all of them!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Great work, everyone! Okay, now, first, we need to figure out how to control this thing. Hmm... Its qualities are very similar to that of a man-made device, but it doesn't seem as intuitive to me...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there something wrong?
:{{Color|menu|When Mualani tries to operate the Phlogiston Node, a Spiritway appears in mid-air, then disappears again.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' See, look at this... After activating a normal Spiritdoor, we could just go ahead and use it. But this one requires someone to stay and keep operating it here.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Also, according to the map, we need to activate the mechanism and switch between different Phlogiston Nodes to change the path of the Spiritway.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' If we don't operate the nodes properly, then the people on the Spiritway will come tumbling from the sky.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't that super dangerous?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' In theory, the process should be very safe, but only if the three Phlogiston Nodes are each being operated by someone.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Do you think you'd be able to operate it? I just tried, and it clearly requires more skill than a typical Spiritdoor.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Though I've never tried before, I've read a lot of information and theoretically should be able to properly control it. Let me give it a try...
:{{Color|menu|Viramdra tries to operate the Phlogiston Node, but ultimately fails.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' ...Huh? But in theory, this shouldn't happen.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' If Viramdra can't control it, then that also rules out me...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Okay... Well, how about you?
:{{Color|menu|You try to operate the Phlogiston Node too, and manage to successfully activate the Spiritway.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all the adventures {{Traveler}}'s been on, handling something like this should be easy-peasy!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alright, then it'll be up to the {{Traveler}} to stay here and operate the Phlogiston Node. I'll go activate the mechanism.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'll let you know when we need to switch nodes. Just make sure you quickly head to the corresponding node and we should make it safely!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! But handling it this way sounds even more dangerous, Mualani.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't worry, it looks like the Spiritways are all above the water. I'm pretty good at swimming, so I'm not afraid if I end up falling in!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's so high, and you'll be falling so fast... If we don't manage to reach a node in time, or if we make a mistake, there's a lot that can happen...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Do you still remember the promise we made before we left, Paimon?
<!--restart from here if spiritway challenge failed-->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Only those who can trust each other with their lives can reach the mysterious island. Since you two are willing to trust me, then naturally, I'm willing to trust you.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alrighty...
:{{DIcon}} Just leave it to us!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Please be careful!

;(Talk to Paimon, optional)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Please be careful!

;(While completing the spiritway challenge)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Now, switch to the Spiritway on the right!
<!--switch to the right spiritway-->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' {{Traveler}}, time to activate the next node!<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "Please, activate the next node!"</ref>
<!--switch to Traveler-->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard Mualani shouting just now. Let's go find the node we need!
<!--activate the node-->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We did it, Mualani!
<!--switch to Mualani-->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The path ends up ahead! Switch to the next Spiritway!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' {{Traveler}}, get to the next node!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it!
<!--switch to Traveler-->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard Mualani shouting just now. Let's go find the node we need!
<!--activate the node-->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mualani, we've taken care of the final node! Please be careful!
<!--switch to Mualani-->

;(After completing the spiritway challenge)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Whew... That was perfect!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're amazing, Mualani! There were a couple moments Paimon thought it was over...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hehe, I'm confident I could do it all over again! Wait, why are the Phlogiston Nodes no longer lit?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, you're right...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' It appears the Phlogiston Nodes here need to automatically recharge. Once they're activated, they'll be unusable for some time.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' In that case, no matter what happens next, we have to seize our chance. Otherwise, who knows how long we'll have to wait for another shot.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Do you hear that...?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The weather's getting gloomy... And a bunch of whirlpools just appeared in the water!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yes, we need to get to higher ground and take a look.
:{{Black Screen|You make your way up the hill nearby.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hey, look over there!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, there's a giant whirlpool over there!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yep, and that's our next stop...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' ...The info I deciphered from the map points to only one possibility... To reach the mysterious island, we must enter that massive whirlpool.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Forgive me for being frank, but as a guide of the [[People of the Springs]], I'm sure you understand of the danger of such a vortex even better than we do.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yes, I know. But whether it's the information deciphered from the map, or the direction of the Spiritway that I observed in the air...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Everything points to the path ahead being hidden in that whirlpool!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 04.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' And what if you're wrong?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Viramdra...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 05.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I'm not trying to be unreasonable. Unfortunately, I'm very knowledgeable in this area...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 06.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' The Spiritways must have affected the nearby bodies of water, and lowered the water level... That's why the whirlpools appeared.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 07.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' At this rate, some of the land that was once underwater will soon reappear at the surface and see the light of day again... Don't you think that sounds more like the definition of a mysterious island?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 08.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' So our goal should be the shallow waters. If we enter that vortex, the undercurrents will drag us to the bottomless abyss!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... He does seem to have a point.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I can't find any evidence to refute your claim for the moment, but I still trust my judgment.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 09.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Then it seems like it's time for our collaboration to come to an end.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But didn't we all agree to trust each other!?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 10.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I have reached this conclusion based on my field of expertise, and I cannot deny it, even if you try to convince me otherwise. From now on, let us each choose our own way.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' ...No, I refuse!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 11.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Y&mdash;You...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Letting your clients separate themselves from the group in the middle of a journey will result in the worst luck possible! I will not agree to that.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 12.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Then we can implement the plan I proposed at the very beginning. You're not my guide, and as such, you don't have to take responsibility for me!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ugh, but you can't do that once you've traveled together as a group! If you were to leave now, we'll all be hit with bad luck. It's now beyond both of our control.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' How about this... You and Karya wait here. We'll go first and investigate the whirlpool.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I know you like to explain everything with theories and logic, so let me build my case first, and then I'll come back to convince you!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 viramdra 13.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Well, uh...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 3 mualani 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, let's get going!

;(Talk to Karya or Viramdra, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mlnlq005 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' You're better acquainted with her than I, so you should tell her to carefully reconsider her decision.
:{{A|vo dialog mlnlq005 karya 02.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Viramdra is quite knowledgeable about Natlan's geography, so his ideas might also be worth considering. Perhaps you can give it some thought...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Trust and courage have helped you complete the thrilling challenge. However, the next choice confronting you halts your forward march once more...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, the massive whirlpool is up ahead. Just the thought of going in there is making Paimon dizzy...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Do you also think that this is a reckless decision?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, well...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's okay, that's completely normal. Actually, I completely understand how Viramdra feels.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' This is just how it is to be a guide. The tribe's experiences that has been passed down from generation to generation is what gives us the ability to guide our guests through hardships.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' This gives us the power to decide which way we should go, but it also means that we must bear the consequences of our mistakes in judgment. Which could be quite dire this time...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Although I'm pretty convinced that all the leads we have collected are pointing us to the whirlpool, I still don't know what awaits us inside.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' If the scholars still choose to reject my plan, I won't have the confidence to ask them to only do as I say.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The same goes for the two of you. You are the commissioners, so if you think this is too risky, then it's perfectly reasonable if you want to end the trip here...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The good news is that I know the way back to the tribe very well!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mualani...
:{{DIcon}} We've already made a promise to each other.
:{{DIcon}} We'll reach the island together.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! You've trusted us before, Mualani. Now it's our turn to trust you.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, it's gonna take more than a whirlpool to scare the two of us! We all managed to make it back from the Night Kingdom. After an experience like that, what's so scary about being sucked into a whirlpool?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Aw, Paimon... C'mon, bring it in again!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, alright... Let's investigate this whirlpool and see if we can gather any info to convince that scholar.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Matters of luck aside, he definitely knows a lot about geography. We'll need him on the team.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I know, it's just that we can't see much from here... I'll get closer to the water and have another look.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a sec... Is it just Paimon, or does the whirlpool seem to be getting smaller?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You're right... Maybe it's just like the Phlogiston Nodes and can only be active for a certain amount of time?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That means we need to hurry!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Miss Guide, we have a problem!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Karya? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 karya 02.ogg}} '''Karya:''' I tried to persuade him, but Viramdra insisted on verifying his theory first.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 karya 03.ogg}} '''Karya:''' He said that the water to the south was about to be shallow enough to wade through. But after he took a few steps, the water suddenly began to surge, and he was swept away.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 karya 04.ogg}} '''Karya:''' I'm not much of a swimmer, so I came to call for help.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why did this have to happen now... Can we still make it into the whirlpool?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' No need to hesitate.<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "No time to hesitate."</ref> I'll get in the water and rescue him, just tell me which way he went, Karya!

;(While rescuing Viramdra)<!-- Timed challenge, 90s. Unsure what happens if you fail -->
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Help! *coughing*
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That way? He's been pulled away by the current!

:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Not here either... The current is too fast!

:{{A|vo mlnlq005 4 mualani 17.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' We found him!

;(After reaching Viramdra)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' *coughing* *spluttering*
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Whew... Karya came and found us just in time.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, there they are!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Viramdra... thank goodness you're alright. Thank you so much, Miss Guide.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ugh, didn't I tell you to wait for me?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' *cough* Judging by the changes in the water's surface, the path to the mysterious island wouldn't be around for long! I didn't want to miss this opportunity!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' It's just... I didn't expect my calculations to be wrong. It seems you were right...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, who knows if we can make it back in time now... Huh? The whirlpools have disappeared!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Seems we missed our chance...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 viramdra 04.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Why would you give up on such an opportunity to come rescue me?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' How can you say that? It's already bad enough that you had to be left behind. Do you think I'd let anyone in my group drown?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 viramdra 05.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' ...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 karya 02.ogg}} '''Karya:''' I'm really sorry...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't feel guilty, Karya. I think if I reactivate the nodes, that will cause the whirlpools to reappear.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The only problem is that we still don't know exactly when we'll be able to do that...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's already getting late now, and we've been on the move for the whole day. As your guide, I suggest we make camp first and have a good meal. We can talk about the other stuff tomorrow.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that you mention it, Paimon is feeling a little hungry...
:{{DIcon}} It's a miracle she hasn't mentioned food for so long...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon's stomach can be very sensible. It won't interrupt while everyone's busy solving puzzles.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' We have plenty of tasty things to eat, let's just find a suitable spot to make camp. Hmm... I like that place right over there.
:{{Black Screen|Mualani guides everyone to the best place to make camp.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the spot? Let Paimon and {{Traveler}} help set up the tent!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 5 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Go ahead! I'll take care of the fire. And here's a little camping tip, it's best to set the tent upwind from the campfire!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You missed your chance to head to the mysterious island and have no choice but to wait, but Mualani seems to have found an opportunity to mend the rift in the team...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Karya or Viramdra, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mlnlq005 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I can't believe there was an error with my theory...
:{{A|vo dialog mlnlq005 karya 03.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Is there anything I can help with? I must thank you all for saving Viramdra earlier.

;(Set up the tent)
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' What do you think? This is a specialty dish I learned to make that's perfect for camping.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, it really hits the spot! You're a great cook, Mualani.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Karya helped out quite a bit, so she deserves some credit, too!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' No no, I'm just happy I was able to help out.
:{{Color|menu|You hear an unsettling scream in the distance...}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What was that sound? Some kind of wild beast? Oh, it's scary to camp out at night...<ref group="Note">The voice line omits the words "Some kind of wild beast?"</ref>
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't worry. Remember the record player I bought? Let me go turn it on.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Listen. It really works, huh?<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "Listen. Not bad, right?"</ref>
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so it really works? Paimon thought you were just playing it for good luck.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' My parents told me that most of the valuable experience from our ancestors is hidden in various customs. It's always better to trust our traditions.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, guess that makes sense...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' In a sense, this trip to the mysterious island is also a custom left behind by the first chief of the tribe. I wonder what kind of experience he's trying to share with us.
:{{DIcon}} What kind of person was he like?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon would like to know, too!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Even though I've heard my parents tell stories since I was little... I actually don't know too much about him.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's said that he was the first person to make a map of Natlan, and even the first person to become friends with the [[Koholasaur]]s.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds pretty amazing!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yeah, there isn't a place in Natlan that he didn't visit... even the most remote parts bear his footprints.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Even now, no one has even come close to his reputation and status as a guide. His trip to the mysterious island is the most legendary of all his accomplishments.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But oddly enough, after returning from the mysterious island, he laid aside his yearning for adventure and chose to settle down. That's how the tribe was founded.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 12.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It really makes me wonder what the journey meant to him.
:{{Color|menu|Mualani notices that Viramdra has already gone silent...}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 13.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Hmm? Ahem... A camping trip shouldn't be this stuffy and quiet! Everyone needs to help make it more lively!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 14.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' How about this... before we rest for the night, let's have a bonfire party!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' If we're going to go plunging into that whirlpool tomorrow, then wouldn't it be best to try to rest and conserve energy now?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 15.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Now's not the time to be a party pooper! You ought to agree to ideas from the one who rescued you today!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, she's right!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Alright... So what do the rules stipulate for a bonfire party?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 16.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Rules? A bonfire doesn't have any rules! Everyone just needs to have a good time. How about this, I'll ask everyone a question, and then we'll take turns saying what's on our mind.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, sounds fun enough!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 17.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' So, for the first question... what's the purpose of a journey?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we were just talking about this!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 18.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Let's hear everyone's ideas, and maybe we can figure out what the first chief was thinking back when he made the trip.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can go first! If you ask Paimon what the purpose of a journey is... it'd definitely be about treasure and all kinds of delicious food! And...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Most importantly, it's about making the trip together with your companions!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 19.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yes, I can't agree more! Okay, next person... How about you, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} The purpose of a journey...
:{{Black Screen|You close your eyes and recall the moment you were separated from [[Traveler's Sibling|{{MC|m=her|f=him}}]]...}}
:{{Black Screen|You remember the purpose of your journey has been to find {{MC|m=her|f=him}} all along... but you have yet to achieve this goal. You don't seem to see any other meaning to this long journey...}}
:{{Black Screen|However, you suddenly begin to recall the sound of the windmills creaking in [[Mondstadt]], and the sight of the colorful night sky in [[Liyue Harbor]]...}}
:{{Black Screen|You remember the moment you stepped onto the islands of [[Inazuma]] with the falling Sakura petals.}}
:{{Black Screen|You remember following the smell of coffee in [[Sumeru]].}}
:{{Black Screen|You hear the sound of the tide, and return to the waters of [[Fontaine]], swimming alongside schools of colorful fish...}}
:{{Black Screen|These things seem to be the real meaning of your journey.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 20.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You sure are taking your time thinking about it!
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, where should I even start?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 21.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ah, I get it. You must have passed through many nations before making it to Natlan, right?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 22.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's quite possible that your experience traveling is more than what I have as a guide. It's understandable that you can't explain it off the top of your head.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 23.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Why don't I circle back to you later? You can tell me once you have a clear answer.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 24.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Next... Let's hear what Karya has to say.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 karya 02.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Me? If you ask about my travels... Well, this is actually my first time traveling, so I don't have anything useful to contribute.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 25.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That doesn't matter! This is a party around the bonfire, not some research seminar.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 karya 03.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Alright... If I had to say what the meaning of a journey is, I'd say... it provides an opportunity for true companionship.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 karya 04.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Before you reach the destination, you don't need to think about anything outside the trip itself. As long as you stick together with your companions, you won't have any trouble to worry about.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 26.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I think I understand.<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "Yeah, I get it."</ref>
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon, too!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 karya 05.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Huh? I hope that didn't sound too silly...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 27.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ahem! Alright, now it's Viramdra's turn!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Alright, if you insist...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 04.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' In my opinion, our goals and dreams in life are all in pursuit of what we call "results." The so-called "journey" is but a path that leads to these results.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 05.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' So, the greatest meaning of a journey lies in managing to find the right result.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 28.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Not sure I completely get what you mean...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 06.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' There's nothing difficult to understand. It's the same as the decision of your first chief.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 07.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' He must have discovered enough valuable results after visiting the mysterious island to decide that he should end his journey. Once you've achieved the results you want, any additional journeys would become all but meaningless.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 29.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Um...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 08.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Before coming here, someone had stolen the "results" of one of my research projects.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 09.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' All that person had to do was sign his name on my achievements, and he was able to take all of the honors. All my effort vanished into the air as though it never existed.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 10.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Do you understand now, Miss Guide? Without results, the journey is meaningless.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 30.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I sympathize with your situation, but I'm afraid I can't agree with your take.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 11.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I don't need your sympathy. As long as I can reach the mysterious island and find the correct results, my pain and struggles will become just another insignificant part of the process.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 12.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' What happened during the day already proved that my theories were wrong, so I'm willing to trust your judgment. I apologize for our previous argument.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 13.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' I must make it to the mysterious island, and if I have to entrust my life to someone else to achieve that goal, then so be it!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was that actually supposed to be an apology, 'cause It sounded kinda awkward...
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 31.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Actually, there's a saying among the guides of the People of the Springs... If the goal of the journey was to reach the destination, then you should have never left the house to begin with.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 32.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Because the final destination of every journey is your home.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 33.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It would be disrespectful of my duties as a guide if I were just taking tourists straight to where they wanted to go. It's my hope to also make everyone feel happy along the way to their destination!
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 34.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That is what I would truly call a journey, and that is my answer.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 14.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Just as you don't agree with me, I can't agree with your point of view, either.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 35.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I'm not too worried about that. After all, another purpose of traveling is to help people understand each other better.
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 viramdra 15.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' What sort of logic is that...?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 mualani 36.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Alright, that's it for this round. Since it's still early, how about we tell some horror stories next?
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 6 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Oh, now Paimon's scared...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq005 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've found them all! Let's get everyone back together!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|group=Note}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|The Riddle of Sea and Sky}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Riddle of Sea and Sky
|zhs      = 天空与海的谜题
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 天空與海的謎題
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 空と海の謎
|ja_rm    = Sora to Umi no Nazo
|ja_tl    = The Riddle of Sea and Sky
|ko       = 하늘과 바다의 수수께끼
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Un enigma de cielos y mares
|es_tl    = An Enigma of Skies and Seas
|fr       = L'énigme du ciel et de la mer
|fr_tl    = The Riddle of Sky and Sea
|ru       = Загадка неба и моря
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ปริศนาแห่งท้องฟ้าและท้องทะเล
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Câu Đố Của Bầu Trời Và Biển Cả
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Das Rätsel von Himmel und Meer
|de_tl    = The Riddle of Sky and Sea
|id       = Teka Teki Laut dan Langit
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = O Enigma do Mar e Céu
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Denizin ve Gökyüzünün Bilmecesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = L'indovinello del mare e del cielo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}