{{Location Infobox
|image   = The Steambird.png
|type    = Point of Interest
|region  = Fontaine
|area    = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea = Court of Fontaine
|poi     = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>{{If Self|The Steambird|It|The Steambird}} is the main newspaper of the Court of Fontaine<ref name="Mona Story">{{Ref/CS|Mona|All Things Astrological}}</ref> and is read all across [[Teyvat]].</p>}}

==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|heo=1}}

==Lore==
===Members===
* [[Sir Arthur]] &mdash; The Steambird
* [[Euphrasie]] &mdash; Chief Editor
* [[Antila]] &mdash; Photographer
* [[Charlotte]] &mdash; Reporter
* [[Chronie]] &mdash; Reporter (political affairs)
* [[Delerue]] &mdash; Reviewer
* [[Ethan]] &mdash; Reporter (real estate)
* [[Gaston]] &mdash; Trainee Reporter
* [[Herbier]] &mdash; Reporter
* [[Houallet]] &mdash; Reporter
* [[Paban]] &mdash; Newsy
* [[Staelle]] &mdash; Columnist (romance novel)

===All Things Astrological===
'''Columnist:''' [[Mona]]

As the former Astrology columnist sought to retire, he recommended Mona to the editor. Mona's style of writing was much more academic and complicated than her predecessor, but it drew in readers who became interested in the intricacies of astrology.<ref name="Mona Story" /> She has written a manuscript for The Steambird on "celestial shifts and their relation to a person's changing fates."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Owe Mora, Pay Mora|note=Mona's version}}</ref>

===Teyvat Food Notes===
{{Main|Teyvat Food Notes}}
'''Columnist:''' {{Lang|Ryuji-kun|zh=龙二君|zh_rm=Lóng'èr-jun}} (the [[Traveler]], not [[Ryuuji]])

The official Chinese ''Genshin Impact'' website publishes a series of blog posts originally entitled {{lang|"The Steambird: Teyvat Food Notes"|zh=蒸汽鸟报社｜提瓦特美食札记}}, although they were later truncated to simply "Teyvat Food Notes." They contain real-life recipes for in-game [[food]]s and are written by "Ryuji-kun," their version of the Traveler (specifically Aether), and the stories are written in-character as Ryuji-kun prepares the recipes with the featured character(s).

===Tales of Humanity===
A column for reader submissions. It was created to let people to "express" themselves, and is thus "drowning in all manner of content." The Chief Editor, [[Euphrasie]], believes that this is not a bad thing, as it provides light reading and improves the newspaper's reputation.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Euphrasie}}</ref> Many locals use this column to post commissions, and Euphrasie coordinates assistance for them.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Steambird Interview}}</ref> This is the in-game explanation for Fontaine's [[Reputation]] system.

==Trivia==
* Completely unbeknownst to the [[Traveler]], The Steambird reported on their battle against [[Dvalin]], and the topic was incredibly popular among readers: it made headlines for three weeks, and the articles on it included expert interviews and high-quality hand-drawn illustrations.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Evermotion Mechanical Painting (Quest)}}</ref> The newspaper characterized the Traveler as "a straight-shooting knight-errant who prefers to let their blade do the talking."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Finale}}</ref>
* The Steambird reported the battle between [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] and the [[Raiden Shogun]]. Kazuha made the headlines of The Steambird for blocking the Musou no Hitotachi and the topic captured the public imagination in Fontaine for a while.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}}</ref>
* The Steambird also organizes the "La Verite Prize," the most prestigious media award in Fontaine. It commemorates the greatest individual and collective achievements in media, including in periodicals (newspapers, magazines, journals) and other media fields. The awards ceremony is held at the [[Opera Epiclese]].<ref>{{Ref/BB|Opera Epiclese Notice Board}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = The Steambird
|zhs       = 蒸汽鸟报
|zhs_rm    = Zhēngqìniǎo Bào
|zht       = 蒸汽鳥報
|zht_rm    = Zhēngqìniǎo Bào
|zh_tl     = Steam Bird Newspaper
|ja        = スチームバード新聞
|ja_rm     = Suchiimubaado Shinbun
|ja_tl     = Steambird Newspaper
|ko        = 스팀버드
|ko_tl     = Steambird
|es        = «El Pájaro de Vapor»
|es_tl     = "The Steam Bird"
|fr        = L'Oiseau de vapeur
|fr_tl     = The Steam Bird
|ru        = Паровая птица
|ru_tl     = The Steam Bird
|th        = The Steambird
|vi        = Báo Chim Hơi Nước
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Dampfvogel
|de_tl     = Steam Bird
|id        = The Steambird
|pt        = Pássaro a Vapor
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Buğukuş
|tr_tl     = Steambird
|it        = L'Uccello a vapore
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World|state=collapsed}}
{{PoI Navbox|Fontaine}}

[[es:«El Pájaro de Vapor»]]
[[fr:L'Oiseau de vapeur]]
[[ja:スチームバード新聞]]
[[pt-br:Pássaro a Vapor]]
[[vi:Chim Hơi Nước]]