{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Aphros Delos Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Aphros Delos Chapter
|act            = I
|character      = Eula
|ARReq          = 40
|keyReq         = 1
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
}}
'''The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea''' is the first act of [[Eula]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Aphros Delos Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs a [[Story Key]], must have completed [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] receives reports from [[Jean]] that a [[Schubert|member]] of a [[Lawrence Clan|disgraced aristocratic family]] may have ties to the [[Fatui]], prompting them to investigate. Due to said member's pride and poor attitude, the traveler consults [[Amber]] who recommends [[Eula|a friend of hers]], a high-ranking member of the [[Knights of Favonius]] who just so happens to be a disavowed member of the clan.

==List of Quests==
#[[Shadow of the Past]]
#[[Speech and Etiquette]]
#[[Through the Motions, to the Heart]]

==Summary==
===Shadow of the Past===
Arriving in the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], the Traveler and Paimon enter [[Jean]]'s office. Jean apologizes for calling them on such a short notice, but tells them that there have been reports of [[Schubert]], a member of the [[Lawrence Clan]], lurking around the northern city walls. She asks them to talk with him, hoping that because the Traveler is an outsider, would be able to approach them better due to the animosity between the Knights and the Lawrences.

The Traveler finds Schubert and tries to talk with him, but he is immediately offended over their lack of etiquette and rants about the current state of the city, claiming that it is in disarray without the guidance of nobility before storming off. Returning the HQ to inform Jean, they run into [[Amber]], who was just about to leave. After informing her of the situation, she recommended them to her friend, [[Eula]], and that she is likely on patrol at [[Stormbearer Mountains]].

Arriving at the mountains, the pair immediately find several [[Fatui Skirmishers]], who immediately attack them. As the Traveler finishes off a skirmisher, another takes aim at them from the top of a nearby tower. He snipes at the Traveler, who reacts too late - however, the shot was parried by a woman, who then rapidly scales the tower and kills him with ease.

The woman then scolds the Traveler for being careless and that she had been spending a lot of time tracking the Fatui group down, only finding them after hearing them fight. The two realize that the woman is Eula, but her strange speech patterns cause Paimon to state that she's weird. Eula takes offense to this before realizing that they know her name and demands an explanation. The Traveler and Paimon then explain that they came out to look for her as they need to approach Schubert, who is suspected of committing a crime. Eula states that she can teach them, but they should return to the city first.

===Speech and Etiquette===
Returning to the city, Eula tries to teach them how to speak like a noble. Paimon, still offended and confused by her lesson, forces Eula finds some people nearby; however, without asking for their consent, coupled with the animosity towards the Lawrence Clan, greatly rile them up in the process. Seeing they are getting nowhere plus riling up the people, Paimon tells Eula that the Traveler is a quick learner to avoid any problems. Eula then tells them to meet her at [[Dragonspine]] for the next half of the trial.

There, Eula teaches the Traveler how to fight and traverse "dignified". The Traveler successfully completes both trials, and with the training complete, Eula tells them to head to [[Good Hunter]] as they need to prepare a gift. There, they find Amber and Eula places her order - Gebratenes Fleisch mit Sauerkraut. The four share a meal and Eula reminds the Traveler to pick up the gift and that her uncle is most likely camping outside [[Springvale]]. As they do so, Sara explains that Eula is prejudiced because of her family name, but she is an actually a kind person if the people of Mondstadt could just get over it.

===Through the Motions, to the Heart===
Arriving at Springvale, the Traveler and Paimon find Schubert relaxing. He is upset by their presence, but allows them a second chance. The Traveler impresses him with their formal speech, before offering the Roasted Meat. Schubert is left impressed and takes the Traveler under confidence, telling them he is in need of competent fellows. He takes the two to the hideout, which had been [[Retrieve the Holy Lyre der Himmel|cleared before]] was reclaimed by the Fatui, confirming Schubert's collaboration with them.

When Schubert introduces them to [[Sergei]], the Fatuus becomes suspicious, but Schubert forces him to accept them. Schubert then hands Sergei a diagram of the northern wall of Mondstadt and patrol routes. The Traveler reveals themselves as the Honorary Knight and both men flee, Sergei going deeper inside while Schubert tries to escape. The Traveler pursues Schubert first, where they find Eula and two Knights have apprehended him. The two argue over right and wrong before Eula orders him to be taken away. The Traveler informs her of the plot. They proceed to clear the Fatui out and reclaim the diagram. Eula thanks the Traveler for their assistance, but reminds them not to take her targets next time.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea
|zhs     = 浪花不再归海
|zhs_rm  = Lànghuā Bù Zài Guī Hǎi
|zht     = 浪花不再歸海
|zht_rm  = Lànghuā Bù Zài Guī Hǎi
|zh_tl   = Flower-Like Foam Will Not Return to the Sea
|ja      = 波花は海に戻らない
|ja_rm   = Namibana wa Umi ni Modoranai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Flower-Like Foam Will Not Return to the Sea
|ko      = 바다로 돌아가지 않는 파도
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Las olas que no vuelven al mar
|es_tl   = The Waves that don't Return to the Sea
|fr      = Vagues à la mer
|fr_tl   = Waves at the Sea
|fr_note = Alteration of ''vague à l'âme'' "melancholy" (literaly "wave to/at the soul", but "vacant soul" is the actual literal meaning since ''vague'' is polysemic).
|ru      = Волны больше не возвратятся в море
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ฟองคลื่นไม่หวนคืนสู่ทะเล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sóng Không Quay Về Biển
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Gischt dem Meer enthoben
|de_tl   = The Spray Lifted from The Sea
|id      = Buih Ombak Tidak Akan Kembali ke Laut
|id_tl   = The Spindrift Will Not Return to the Sea
|pt      = A Espuma Não Volta para o Mar
|pt_tl   = The Foam Doesn't Go Back to the Sea
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}