{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item The First Days of the City of Kings.png
|set   = Desert Pavilion Chronicle
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|An artificial flower that shimmers with a strange light. If you incline your ear to it, you can vaguely hear charming laughter issuing from within.}}
'''The First Days of the City of Kings''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Desert Pavilion Chronicle]].

==Description==
Fallen noble, please heed [[Blind Poet|this man]] so old and blind.<br />
Heed the lessons of [[Gurabad]], heed the evanescence of the flowers made by man.<br />
Heed the king of common birth, and the mad love and boiling fury possessed by the [[Jinn]]...

Legend has it that the [[King Deshret|Lord of the Sands]] made a pact with humanity after the passing of [[Goddess of Flowers|his lover]], with the Jinn as his envoys.<br />
Only those who possessed hearts of iron and were untainted by the allure of corruption,<br />
Could serve as a vassal-king and guide the people, like a shepherd tending to a flock.<br />
Just like that, under the merciful yet stern gaze of her master, the Jinni found her choice...<br />
[[Ormazd]], a young shepherd at the time, fell in love with the lily-born [[Liloupar]].

"I shall grant you a hundred generations of blessings, at the price of sharp retribution and the spilling of red wine."<br />
"For the mad love that we Jinn possess is chained to greed and want, and carries with it self-deigned retribution."

Yet, beneath the light of the moon, Ormazd failed to take heed of these warnings...<br />
It was as if such fated punishment was still far from this valiant youth.<br />
Under the guidance of the Jinni, the young shepherd became the leader of his nomadic clan,<br />
And as time went on, Ormazd defeated his divided rivals and found himself crowned the vassal king.

Gurabad bloomed like a man-made flower in a cliff wall, becoming the capital of the mortals.<br />
Once a shepherd, Ormazd had now become the vassal king, proxy of the Lord of the Sands.<br />
Yet, even as the flowers bloomed and their fragrance filled the air, who would have thought that...<br />
The most bitter and violent demise was to follow the most vibrant bloom.

Following the old tales told to him by his master, [[Xiphos]] began his journey to the [[Tulaytullah|city of sapphires]],<br />
Toward the lessons buried beneath the sands of yesteryear, which he would in future find repeated as the winds of infinite time blew...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The First Days of the City of Kings
|zhs     = 众王之都的开端
|zhs_rm  = Zhòngwáng zhī Dū de Kāiduān
|zht     = 眾王之都的開端
|zht_rm  = Zhòngwáng zhī Dū de Kāiduān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 諸王の都の始まり
|ja_rm   = Sho'ou no Miyako no Hajimari
|ja_tl   = The Beginning of the Capital of Kings
|ko      = 왕의 도시의 탄생
|ko_rm   = Wang-ui Dosi-ui Tansaeng
|ko_tl   = The Birth of the City of Kings
|es      = Inicios de la Capital de los Reyes
|es_tl   = Beginnings of the Capital of the Kings
|fr      = Aube de la cité des rois
|fr_tl   = Dawn of the City of Kings
|ru      = Рождение города королей
|ru_tl   = The Birth of City of Kings
|th      = The First Days of the City of Kings
|vi      = Khởi Đầu Của Vương Đô Vua
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Erste Tage der Stadt der Könige
|de_tl   = First Days of the City of Kings
|id      = The First Days of the City of Kings
|pt      = Início da Capital dos Reis
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Krallar Şehrinin İlk Günleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Primi giorni della Città dei Re
|it_tl   = First Days of the City of Kings
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Desert Pavilion Chronicle}}

[[fr:Aube de la cité des rois]]
[[th:The First Days of the City of Kings]]