{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Event Quest The Palace, Dyed in Black.png
|title         = The Palace, Dyed in Black
|id            = 40058
|type          = Story
|chapter       = True Tales of the Violet Garden
|act           = The Palace, Dyed in Black
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Albedo; Asakawa; Kaedehara Kazuha; Kamisato Ayaka; Kaedehara Yoshinori; Kujou Sara; Paimon; Scaramouche <!-- under the name of Kunikuzushi -->; Traveler; Venti; Xingqiu
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|prev          = A New Painting in Pale Scarlet (Quest)
|next          = The Five Colors' True Form
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Palace, Dyed in Black''' is the first part in the [[True Tales of the Violet Garden]]: Act IV - [[The Palace, Dyed in Black]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following afternoon (12:00 – 14:00)
# Go to The Five Kasen Plaza
# Talk to [[Kazuha]]
# Go to the [[Kamisato Estate]]
# Talk to [[Ayaka]]
# Go to the [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters]]
# Talk to [[Kujou Sara]]
# Go to the Police Station warehouse
# Talk to everyone (0/4)
# Go to where Kazuha is
# Follow Kazuha to the seaside
# Talk to Kazuha

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kazuha mentions that there is something he must investigate and that he will meet with everyone else the following afternoon. Time to wait patiently for that time (12:00 – 14:00) to come.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait until the next day)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The agreed time has arrived. Go to The Five Kasen Plaza to meet Kazuha.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kazuha said he would wait for us at The Five Kasen Plaza today. Let's go find him there.

;(Approach the Plaza and talk to Kazuha)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Ah, you're here. It appears everyone has arrived.
:{{DIcon}} How did your investigation go, Kazuha?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Last night I visited a former servant who once worked for my family. I was able to learn the entirety of what happened all those years ago.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' In my great-grandfather's generation, the Isshin Art was tasked with forging an important Goshintou according to an ancient forging diagram.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Though all the craftsmen involved were very experienced, the process was still unsuccessful. Every blade that was forged was defective.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When the deadline came, the blade still wasn't finished, so the craftsmen all fled and hid for fear of punishment.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The Kaedehara Clan and Yashiro Commission then conducted an investigation. My great-grandfather and the head of the Kamisato Clan eventually tracked down the craftsmen near the seaside.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' However, they met fierce resistance from the craftsmen, and in the end, they were unable to prevent them from escaping by sea.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The Kaedehara Clan was severely punished for the swordsmiths that had escaped, and the family gradually fell into decline.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Moreover, I heard that the head of the Kamisato Clan was injured by the fleeing swordsmiths, which, combined with his advanced age, caused him to pass away shortly thereafter.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes... The sudden passing of the family head left the Kamisato Clan leaderless. Treacherous people took advantage of the situation and put the family's status in the Yashiro Commission at jeopardy.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This single incident had profound effects. Even after the position as head of the clan was passed to my father, the Kamisato Clan still wasn't able to regain its prior reputation.
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But, thanks to my brother, everything is getting better now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The failure to forge the blade was ultimately attributed to a lack of required skill and finesse. The Kaedehara Clan and the Yashiro Commission always believed that was the case.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' However, the story of The Five Kasen seems to imply that the failure didn't stem from a lack of skill, but rather, the diagram had been tampered with by someone.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Miss Kamisato, I heard yesterday that the Yashiro Commission has still kept the diagram ever since the failed forging all those years ago.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Might I ask you to do me a favor?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 2 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, I understand. I will go back and search for the diagram. Please come meet me at the Kamisato Estate later.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Ayaka has gone back to her family estate to get the old forging blueprint. Meet up with her there.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Yashiro Commission headquarters)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Ask Ayaka what she has discovered.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Everyone, I've managed to find the old diagram.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm. Though the diagram is well-preserved, you can still tell that it's seen at least three or four centuries of history.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's pretty old! Is it still possible to find any evidence of tampering?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' At this point, we can only try our luck and see how we fare.
:{{Black Screen|They immerse the diagram into a basin of water, and after a short while...}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Although the effect is not too obvious, you can still see that some words have now started to smudge.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Kazuha, this is clear evidence that this chart was indeed tampered with. Someone framed the Kaedehara Clan all those years ago.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' *sigh* I see, but I fear that I've discovered this secret too late...
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When my grandfather was young, he proposed reviving the Isshin Art many times to my great-grandfather. But my grandfather was only scolded for being too foolhardy.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yesterday, the former family servant said that my great-grandfather even went to the Yashiro Commission to request that diagram from the head of the Kamisato Clan. He then showed that diagram to my grandfather and asked him and his subordinates to try to forge the sword.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Sure enough, my grandfather also failed. My great-grandfather then told him, "If you can't find the secret within, then the Isshin Art deserves to fade from the world."
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My grandfather left Inazuma in a rage after hearing those words. He didn't ever see my great-grandfather again, even till the day of his passing.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Looking back at it now, the argument between the two of them was simply... meaningless.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Kazuha...
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I heard that your great-grandfather was very industrious when he was young. But later in life, he no longer bothered with the forging arts. It appears that his failure took quite a toll on him.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Kazuha, did your great-grandfather really say "if you can't find the secret within"? Did he use those exact words?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, the servant said that he personally heard those words and still remembers them very clearly.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My grandfather was so angry at the time that he smashed my great-grandfather's cherished bonsai tree...
:{{DIcon}} Wait, Albedo. Are you trying to say...
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, it appears that you understand my meaning, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Kazuha, if your great-grandfather thought that the Isshin Art lacked finesse, then after witnessing his son's failure, wouldn't he have said something more along the lines of "your skills aren't sufficient"?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But instead he said, "If you can't find the secret within." Don't you find that a little strange?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Huh? Oh!
:;(Kazuha's eyes widen with realization)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' So, you're saying... my great-grandfather may have very well known that the failure was due to someone's tampering?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, the current evidence suggests that it is highly likely.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I apologize, but would you all please accompany me to the Tenryou Commission?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' After I became a wanted criminal, the Tenryou Commission seized my family's last remaining estate, which contained all of my family's old belongings.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I want to inquire about the whereabouts of those belongings. If I can find them, we might be able to get some clues.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's get moving!
;(Obtain [[Ancient Forging Blueprint]] ×1)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Go to the Tenryou Commission Headquarters, find Kujou Sara, and ask her about the items confiscated from the Kaedehara Clan.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Kujou Sara)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm? What are you all doing here? Did something happen on Ritou?
:{{DIcon}} Nothing's happened, Sara.
:{{DIcon}} We're just here to ask about something.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Kujou Sara, perhaps you still remember me?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Yes, I do. You're Kaedehara Kazuha, a wanted criminal during the Vision Hunt Decree. However, your arrest warrant has since been repealed.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sara, we'd like to ask about the Kaedehara Clan's property that was seized by the Tenryou Commission. Do you know where all their belongings are now?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Yes, the items seized at that time are currently stored in the warehouse next to the Police Station. Since Kaedehara has come back to Inazuma, those items should be returned to their rightful owner.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' No, I'm afraid you misunderstand. I'm not here to reclaim those belongings. I just want to investigate them for a personal matter.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I see. Alright, I'll inform the Police Station. They'll take you into the warehouse.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank you, Sara!
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Ahem... Kaedehara, about the Vision Hunt Decree...
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' That's all in the past now, Kujou Sara. There's no need to mention it again. I know you've also had your own convictions and struggles.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' However, may I ask something of you?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Yes, what is it?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Currently I have no plans to stay in Inazuma. As the result, those items from my family's estate are of no use to me.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Madam Kujou, I believe you're a person of integrity. After our investigation is over, I'd like to ask if you can handle those belongings for me. Please, sell them and use the money to help the poor.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 4 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Alright, I understand. I'll be sure to take care of it.

;(Talk to Kujou Sara again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I've already informed the Police Station. There'll be someone to take you into the warehouse, so you may head there directly.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As for the belongings left by the Kaedehara Clan, I will deal with them promptly.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Kaedehara Clan's items have been stored in a warehouse near the Police Station. Sara has already informed the Doushin on duty of your investigation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Asakawa)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 5 asakawa 01.ogg}} '''Asakawa:''' You must be here to investigate the Kaedehara Clan's belongings. Madam Kujou has already informed me of the situation. Please, come this way.

:{{A|vo rcjeq005 6 asakawa 01.ogg}} '''Asakawa:''' The Kaedehara Clan's belongings are stored in this warehouse. Unfortunately, the items are scattered throughout in order to save space. My deepest apologies.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 6 asakawa 02.ogg}} '''Asakawa:''' However, I have clearly marked the corresponding items, so they shouldn't be too difficult to find.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 6 asakawa 03.ogg}} '''Asakawa:''' I'll be waiting for you at the door, please come see me if you require any assistance.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 6 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Kazuha, since the items are scattered throughout the building, I propose we split up and look for clues.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, sounds like a plan. Thanks for your help, everyone.

;(Talk to Asakawa again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 asakawa 01.ogg}} '''Asakawa:''' Sorry, many of the items were moved here recently, so things are still a bit unorganized.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 asakawa 02.ogg}} '''Asakawa:''' Although the previous warehouse was large, the locks were dated, and something was nearly stolen. So, Madam Kujou Sara ordered the contents to be moved here.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Everyone has split up to look for clues. Talk to them about what they've found.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I'll be checking around here. You and the others can start looking elsewhere.

;(Talk to Kamisato Ayaka)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} Ayaka, how's it going for you?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, it's you, {{Traveler}}. I'm currently investigating this sword rack.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, since the Kaedehara Clan was a family of renowned swordsmiths, then this blade should be super valuable, right? *gasp* Maybe it's a treasure of the Isshin Art!?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'm afraid not. Although the sword rack is made of fine wood, the swords placed here appear to be quite ordinary. Due to the dire financial situation of the late Kaedehara Clan, everything of value has probably been sold off already.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The blade on this sword hasn't been sharpened, but there are many signs of use on the hilt. Perhaps Kaedehara used it for training as a child.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... Oh, there seems to be a couple uneven characters etched into the scabbard! "Kazu"... "ha." Wow, so it really was Kazuha's!
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can imagine what Kazuha was like as a kid, hehe.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I will continue investigating here and call you if I find anything interesting.

;(Talk to Xingqiu)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What did you find, Xingqiu?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I've found quite the pile of old books.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' These books here are all related to smelting steel, and these are about the process of forging blades. This pile over here is all about plants and flowers.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, the books about plants and flowers must have belonged to Kazuha's great-grandfather.
:{{DIcon}} Could there be any clues in the books?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I skimmed through them just now, but I didn't find anything particularly worth noting. I shall take a closer look and let you know if I find anything.

;(Talk to Albedo)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh, it's you. Unfortunately, I have yet to find anything of value here.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, this folding screen looks pretty old, though.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes. Perhaps if it were better maintained, then it could fetch a decent price. However, I doubt it could be sold in its current condition.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I was taking a closer look just now and noticed a large piece of dirt caught in the fabric fibers on the backside.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The soil is deeply embedded into the cloth. That means a great deal of force was used when the dirt was lodged into the cloth. It's likely that this patch of dirt is from the very flower pot thrown by Kazuha's grandfather.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that an important discovery?
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you think this is of any value?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Because this is not what we are looking for now.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Let me think... If I wanted to leave a message behind, I would probably choose to leave it on something a little more special. Hmm...
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo seems to be thinking pretty hard, we'd better not bother him.

;(Talk to Venti)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm, there must be some around here somewhere...
:{{DIcon}} What are you looking for, Venti?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Do you see all these pots here? Some of them are bound to have liquor inside, right?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Everyone else is trying hard to help and you're over here looking for a drink!?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I merely jest, of course. C'mon, we're close to uncovering the truth now, why do you look so worried?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon doesn't really get why Kazuha told Sara to sell all these belongings...
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What if we don't end up finding anything today? Then wouldn't Kazuha lose the chance of finding out what really happened all those years ago? ...Y'know, just saying.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I know you are worried about Kazuha, but if you ask me, he is stronger than you think.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Since Kazuha made such a request to Sara, that indicates he's already made his choice. Whether we find out the truth or not today, or whatever it turns out to be, he's ready to accept it.
:{{DIcon}} Is this your archon's intuition speaking?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' No, not intuition. Rather, I've lived for a long time now, so you could say I have some experience in reading people.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjeq005 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Leave the things here to me, you two can look around elsewhere.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Kazuha seems to have found a clue. Go and see what he's found.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After talking to everyone)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Everyone, I've found something that you should all have a look at.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Seems Kazuha discovered something, let's go see what he's got!

;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This flowerpot was in my house for a long time. I heard that it was left behind by my great-grandfather.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, the plants seem to have been dead for a while now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Well, after my great-grandfather stopped studying the forging arts, he picked up the hobby of keeping bonsai plants. Most of his prized plants were given to others once he became seriously ill.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But he specifically left behind this dead plant at the time, and even instructed my grandfather not to throw it away in his will.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My grandfather deeply regretted that he never managed to reconcile with my great-grandfather, so he left the plant exactly as it was.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But now that I think about it, my great-grandfather could very well have left it behind for other reasons.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, now that you mention it, this flower pot is kinda suspicious.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes. Let's take a closer look, shall we?
:{{Black Screen|They find a hidden compartment at the bottom of the flowerpot...}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We finally found something! Huh, it's only a bunch of blank paper.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think someone already discovered the compartment and swapped the contents?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No, I do not think that is the case here. See the paper? It's quite yellowed, which means it's very old.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we need to try using water again.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm. You mean to say that these sheets have been written with special ink, like that which Miss Kamisato found before?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 albedo 02a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, I agree with this hypothesis.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's give it a dunk then!
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 8 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There is a pond outside the Police Station. I'll use the water there.
:{{Black Screen|You go with Kazuha to the pond outside the police station...}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 9 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well? How did it go? Those weren't just plain old sheets of paper, were they?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 9 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Just as everyone guessed, after I sprinkled some water onto the paper, writing did indeed begin to appear on it. It is a letter written by my great-grandfather.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, what does the letter say?
:{{DIcon}} Is it something you can share with us, too?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 9 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It is. I'll tell you what my great-grandfather knew at the time. But before that, I wish to take you somewhere.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 9 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Everyone, please follow me.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Kazuha says that he'd like everyone to go somewhere, and that he'll reveal the truth there.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the beach)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 10 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Kaedehara, why did you lead us to this beach?
:{{DIcon}} Is this place related to the contents of the letter?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 10 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It is... In fact, my great-grandfather and the head of the Kamisato Clan tracked the fleeing swordsmiths to this very location.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 10 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Our hypothesis was correct. My great-grandfather was well aware of the truth behind the defective blades. And it was right here where they encountered the culprit who framed the Kaedehara Clan and the [[Raiden Gokaden]].
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 10 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It reads:
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 10 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "To whoever reads this letter: I, Kaedehara Yoshinori, have been held to a certain secret throughout my entire life. I don't have much longer in this world, and after much consideration, I've finally decided to disclose the matter."
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 10 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "All those years ago, when I was pursuing the swordsmiths alongside Commissioner Kamisato of the Yashiro Commission, I was not injured by one of the fleeing smiths. Rather..."
;(Flashback begins)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 11 kaedeharayoshinori 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Yoshinori:''' ...It was night, and after the clues led us down to shore, I waited for the culprits to show themselves. However, there were no swordsmiths in sight, only a single eccentric stranger.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 11 kaedeharayoshinori 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Yoshinori:''' This stranger claimed to be the one behind the failed forgings and said that he had been patiently waiting for us. He then threatened to destroy the Raiden Gokaden.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 11 kaedeharayoshinori 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Yoshinori:''' That person was of able body, and in a blink of an eye, myself and the accompanying samurai had been defeated.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 11 kaedeharayoshinori 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Yoshinori:''' Commissioner Kamisato was severely wounded, and I barely escaped death myself. My hat had fortunately blunted a blow to my head.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 11 kaedeharayoshinori 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Yoshinori:''' The unusual stranger could've easily claimed my life at that moment. But, after noticing my appearance, he stopped his attacks, and sternly asked if I had any connection with the name "[[Niwa Nagamitsu|Niwa]]."
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 11 kaedeharayoshinori 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Yoshinori:''' I answered that it was my father's surname and after my father disappeared, I was adopted by the Kaedehara family.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 11 kaedeharayoshinori 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Yoshinori:''' Upon hearing my answer, the stranger paused. After a long silence, he suddenly said: "Tell her this. My name is [[Scaramouche|Kunikuzushi]]." He then turned and left...
;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so that's what really happened!
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes. My great-grandfather and the head of the Kamisato Clan escaped from death and learned that the forging diagram had been tampered with by Kunikuzushi.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' However, due to the encounter, the head of the Kamisato Clan was worried that my great-grandfather would be falsely accused of being involved with the perpetrator. So even on his deathbed, the master of the Kamisato Clan cautioned my great-grandfather to never speak of what happened.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Because the perpetrator said he would destroy the Raiden Gokaden, my great-grandfather worried that the perpetrator would still return for vengeance. So, to protect his loved ones, he closed the family business.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He said: "As the leader of the Kaedehara Clan, I am deeply ashamed to witness the decline of the Isshin Art. But, as a father, it is my priority to ensure the safety of my children and grandchildren."
:{{DIcon}} So all those harsh words he said...
:{{DIcon}} Were because he was worried about his son's well-being.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, that's right. If my grandpa had somehow discovered the secret behind the tampered diagram all those years ago, perhaps my great-grandfather would've told him the truth.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Unfortunately, he failed to catch any of the hints in my great-grandfather's words.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Miss Kamisato, it appears you were unaware of the happenings that my great-grandfather described here. What are your thoughts?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm, I suppose the reason the head of the Kamisato House never spoke of this to the family was due to similar safety concerns.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' If the perpetrator was capable of tampering with even the Shogun's diagrams, and could single-handedly defeat many men, then he is not an ordinary enemy.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I will discuss this matter with brother shortly and investigate the identity behind the one called "Kunikuzushi." Rest assured, we will act cautiously.
:{{DIcon}} How are you feeling, Kazuha?
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' To be honest, as I read the letter, I felt much turbulence in my heart. But now, I've managed to calm myself.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My great-grandfather said in the letter that he did not wish his descendants to blindly seek revenge and be deceived by things of the past.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Though he was in a tight situation when he wrote these words, I feel like they are still valid nonetheless.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I think what's most important for each person is not the past, but the present. Even though we must carry the burdens from the past, there are also things we wish to strive for.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Therefore, knowing the truth behind what happened is enough for me. I will live on just as my great-grandfather had hoped.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' That being said, if the enemy from all those years ago is still lurking and plotting to stir up more trouble, then I definitely won't turn a blind eye.
:{{DIcon}} That's Kazuha, always sensible.
:{{DIcon}} Classic Kazuha, optimistic as always.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 14.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' These are simply insights I've gathered from all that I've experienced.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 kazuha 15.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Thank you all for accompanying me in my search for the truth behind that incident.
:{{A|vo rcjeq005 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Now that we're done here, let's head back to Ritou.
;(Obtain [[Kaedehara Yoshinori's Letter]] ×1)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|The Palace, Dyed in Black}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[ja:黒に染まりし宵暗の御所 (任務)]]
[[pt-br:Um Palácio Tingido de Preto (Missão)]]
[[ru:Дворец в чёрных тонах]]