{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79065
|image         = World Quest The Lotus Leaf and the Champion.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Calm Paper Frog; Estampe; Excited Paper Frog; Faurobert; Horellou; Kind Paper Frog; Paimon; Sullen Paper Frog; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Forest of Blessings
|poi           = Rainsong Pond
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = The Answer of the Lotus Leaves and Forest
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*35,000
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''The Lotus Leaf and the Champion''''' is an [[World Quest]] in [[Simulanka]].

==Steps==
* Start the quest by approaching the quest area (northeast of [[Rainsong Pond]]).
# Talk to the [[Calm Paper Frog]]
# Practice with the Calm Paper Frog
# Talk to the Calm Paper Frog
# Talk to the [[Excited Paper Frog]]
# Practice with the Excited Paper Frog
# Talk to the Excited Paper Frog
# Watch the finals
# Catch up with [[Faurobert]]
# Catch up with Faurobert again
# Have the lotus leaf avoid the waterspouts

==Gameplay Notes==
* After starting the quest, the player may choose to whether to speak to the Calm Paper Frog (and complete steps 1&ndash;3) or the Excited Paper Frog (and complete steps 4&ndash;6) first. After choosing one, the entire section must be completed before talking to the other frog.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Add missing open-world lines. Check for branching dialogue.<!-- Likely requires unlock of the next area of the event map. -->}}
{{Quest Description|There seems to be a grand contest taking place at Rainsong Pond...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Horellou:''' Well done, my fine, hind-legged ladies and gentlemen, well done indeed! This jumping contest is. On. Fireeee!
:'''Horellou:''' Just a moment ago, we saw [[Estampe]] the Fearless show his awesome might!
:'''Horellou:''' With his impressive, epic strength, he's made a stable yet distant leap, one worthy of a favorite to take gold!
:'''Horellou:''' But next up, we have... The one you've all been waiting for! The unequalled! The unrivaled! The unparalleled...
:'''Horellou:''' Faurooooobert!
:'''Horellou:''' *cough*... Who will emerge as champion, and win the great honor and burden of fetching the princess?
;(If the player has completed ''[[The Forest and the Princess]]'')
::'''Paimon:''' They want to fetch the princess? Wait a minute...
::{{DIcon}} So the one [[Cimest|Princess Cimest]] was looking for was...
::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's gotta be a coincidence, right? But if that's the case, then this should save her a whole lot of effort!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, guess we've done our duty as the "Paladins of Breezes and Bells" too, huh?
::{{DIcon}} In any case, let's check the situation out first.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! Let's stay focused and keep our eyes peeled!
:'''Horellou:''' Before the final round begins, let us take a short break and give our two contestants time to rest.
:'''Horellou:''' For the time being, the competition venue will be open to you all, so go forth and jump to your hearts' content! That is what the Rainsong Pond is here for, after all!

;(Approach the three Paper Frogs to the north)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I wonder who'll be the champion...

;(Talk to Estampe, Faurobert, or [[Horellou]])
:'''Horellou:''' Faurobert, I know how nervous you are right now, but this is the final match that every frog has been looking forward to. You...
:'''Faurobert:''' I'm sorry, Mr. Horellou, but I... I...
:'''Estampe:''' Please don't blame him, sir. Give him a moment to rest.
:'''Estampe:''' After all, Faurobert, I'm sure you need some time to think about how you shall pleasantly surprise us all.
:'''Faurobert:''' Estampe... You're good enough. I think&mdash;
:'''Estampe:''' Oh, save it, friend. You will no doubt set a new record in just a moment. Trust me.
:'''Estampe:''' For now, just rest. You need time.
:'''Faurobert:''' ... Alright. You're right, my friend. I need some time...
----
;(Talk to [[Kind Paper Frog]], optional)
:'''Kind Paper Frog:''' *sigh* I hope everyone'll be able to do their best today &mdash; and that they won't give up even if they fall into the pond.

;(Talk to [[Sullen Paper Frog]], optional)
:'''Sullen Paper Frog:''' The paper frog that jumps the highest will always have the furthest to fall... I hope they're ready...
----
;(Talk to Excited Paper Frog)
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Greetings, honored guests. You don't seem like frogs.
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Nonetheless... Welcome to Rainsong Pond. May your legs be limber!
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the competition...
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' As you have seen and heard, this contest is to decide the frog who's best at jumping.
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Our contestants go through the qualifiers, group matches, and elimination matches, and only those who make it through all these can reach the finals.
:'''Paimon:''' That, uh... sounds kinda complicated...
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' It's not complicated at all. Simply step into the arena and clear the challenges that lie before you!
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Dear guests, if it suits your fancy, you can also try out the "Bouncing Contest" here!
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' This is meant to test the contestants' speed and stability when jumping. I was just about to do some practice here, then take part in the next contest.
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' But my skills aren't exactly up to par. I can't jump well enough on my own. Would you two be willing to assist me?
:{{DIcon}} So there's no competition ongoing here?
::'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Of course. The competition's already reached the finals, so the other venues are now open for practice.
::'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Keep practicing, keep jumping, keep competing &mdash; that's the way you get better and better!
::'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Come on, dear guests! You'll enjoy the Bouncing Contest too, I guarantee it!
:{{DIcon}} I&mdash;I'm not the best jumper ever...
::'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon can fly, so uh, she doesn't have much use for jumping.
::'''Excited Paper Frog:''' You've got the wrong end of the stick. It's not about being good or not, or whether you need to jump or not.
::'''Excited Paper Frog:''' The word "contest" is the key. It is the spirit of competition itself that keeps us lively and spry!
::'''Excited Paper Frog:''' So come, dear guests! You'll enjoy the Bouncing Contest too, I guarantee it!

;(Nearby paper frog)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Paper Frog:''' Come over here first!

;(Reach the first checkpoint)
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' We're almost there!

;(Talk to Excited Paper Frog)
:'''Paimon:''' Heh. This game is pretty fun, don't you think? Paimon wants to give it a try, too.
:{{DIcon}} Then be my guest.
:'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon can pose as if she's jumping in the air too, you know? It's pretty much the same, anyway...
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Hahaha, I knew you'd enjoy the Bouncing Contest!
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' But just now... That was just a "game." This is a long way off from a real "contest."
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Only the very best of the best of us can take part in the latter!
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' And this contest will decide who is best suited to rescue the princess... Ah, it's just so exciting!
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Oh, sorry, dear guests. My apologies... I just can't help but ramble on about Faurobert.
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' After all, the whole reason we've organized so many contests was to choose the paper frog with the steadiest, furthest, most awe-inspiring jump so that they could go rescue the princess!
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' There's still some time before the final match begins, so feel free to take a look around.
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Horellou will use his booming voice to remind us when the competition is about to begin, so listen out for it, and make sure you find good seats.

;(Talk to Excited Paper Frog again, optional)
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Faurobert will surely win the finals. I believe in him!
----
;(Talk to Calm Paper Frog)
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Welcome, dear guests. I presume you are also here to watch the competition? Welcome, in any case, to Rainsong Pond.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' You have come at the right time... but also perhaps the wrong one. The competition is coming to a close, with only the final &mdash; the result of which is already beyond doubt &mdash; left to take place.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' I'm sure you have heard of Faurobert and Estampe. They are both leading exponents in the art of jumping, but in my experience, Faurobert is sure to win.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Faurobert is far better at this than all other paper frogs, and has won countless championships as a result &mdash; he is, therefore, the undisputed favorite.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' He has the strongest legs, the most agile mind, the most resolute spirit... Most importantly, he constantly seeks to share his know-how with all other frogs.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Estampe is, like me, one of the paper frogs who learned by watching him... We respect, trust, and believe that he will once again achieve great success.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Before the final begins, I'd like to stay and practice a little longer to prepare for the next round of competitions.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' If you do not mind, we could practice together. Perhaps you might even come up with some good ideas to help me jump all the better.
:{{DIcon}} So, after choosing the paper frog who will save the princess...
:{{DIcon}} Will you still organize these contests?
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Of course. This is not just about rescuing the princess.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Most important is the "contest" itself, and what it teaches us &mdash; self-belief, resolve, bravery...
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Only a paper frog who understands and embodies such virtues will emerge as our champion.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Come then, dear guests. Hehe... Let's see if you can feel the virtue inherent in our contest.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Calm Paper Frog:''' Let me have a go first!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Green Paper Frog:''' R&mdash;Really? But earlier, you...
::Observe the paper frog's next attempt
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Calm Paper Frog:''' Oh dear, what a terrible collision...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Green Paper Frog:''' Come on. Chin up, buddy!
:{{DIcon}} I've come to aid you!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Calm Paper Frog:''' Let's go again. We'll get it this time.
:{{DIcon}} Let's do it!
::Control the waterspouts and prevent the lotus leaf from being hit
:{{DIcon}} Lower the waterspout!

;(Talk to Calm Paper Frog)
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Not bad. You're quite good at this! If you have time, I'd be willing to recommend you to the organizing committee.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' The next time we hold this competition, we'll be able to measure ourselves against one another.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Still, I shan't take up more of your time until then. The final is about to begin.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, guess we'll have to see just how good this Faurobert guy is.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' He'll blow your socks off for sure! Still, he did seem a bit nervous when I saw him recently...
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' He was constantly practicing the most basic moves... and then getting annoyed at how he was performing them.
:'''Paimon:''' But these are the finals. It's normal to get nervous, right?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, these are the finals.
:{{DIcon}} A bit of nerves are to be expected.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' That's what I thought, but...
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' No, I still believe in him. He's not the type to give in so easily.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' I've got to keep practicing myself. If you'd like, dear guests, please feel free to have a look around.
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' The finals are about to begin, though, so be sure you don't miss them.

;(Talk to Calm Paper Frog again, optional)
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Faurobert... I can only hope that you're in better shape now...
----
;(After completing both challenges)
:'''Horellou:''' And here it is, here it comes! My fine hind-legged ladies and gentlemen, the unparalleled Faurobert steps forward to make his leap! And he&mdash;
:'''Horellou:''' ...He jumped three lotus leaves... and fell into the water...
:'''Horellou:''' I&mdash;It seems we have a champion &mdash; the one who will welcome our princess is Estampeee! Congratulations to our&mdash;
:'''Estampe:''' No! Mr. Horellou, I protest! This is ridiculous &mdash; absurd, even! I shall not accept the title of champion in this manner.
:'''Horellou:''' Goodness gracious, by the morning dew... Come now, you surpassed Faurobert in front of all frogkind!
:'''Estampe:''' Faurobert slipped up, that's all... He's just not in good form, you know?
:'''Horellou:''' That will not convince me, nor any other paper frogs! Anyway, let's give Faurobert a moment to himself... Hmm, we'll continue this later &mdash; it seems we have guests.
:'''Horellou:''' Welcome, welcome to Rainsong Pond. What can I help you with?
:{{DIcon}} What's this competition about?
::'''Horellou:''' As you can see, it is a jumping contest.
::'''Horellou:''' Only the most legendary leaper may take the crown, thus earning the great burden of rescuing the princess... This is why we organize so many contests.
::'''Horellou:''' I imagine that you saw the frog who just made his leap... That was Faurobert, one of our contestants, and the greatest jumper in all the pond... or he used to be, anyway.
:{{DIcon}} We saw a frog make a really awesome leap!
::'''Horellou:''' Ah, then you must've caught sight of Faurobert. He is one of the participants in this contest, and the finest jumper in all the pond... or so he once was.
::'''Paimon:''' A contest? Ooh, Paimon gets it. This must be that sorta competition to see who can jump the best.
::'''Horellou:''' Very sharp of you, young lady. That is exactly the sort of competition we're running.
::'''Horellou:''' Only the most legendary leaper and skilled skipper may take the crown, thus earning the great burden of rescuing the princess.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, sounds pretty cool! Shame we seem to have missed it all, though...
:{{DIcon}} Otherwise, I'd have taken part.
::'''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon's never seen you jump that far before &mdash; except when you were running away from monsters...
::{{DIcon}} It's the taking part that counts. You never know, we might get a prize for participating...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, why's the reward always the first thing on your mind?
:{{DIcon}} What a shame. You'd have done so well too, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Wh&mdash;Why Paimon? Flying doesn't normally involve much bouncing, y'know.
::{{DIcon}} Flying's faster than jumping &mdash; it'll be an easy win for you.
::'''Paimon:''' But wouldn't that be cheating? You're supposed to use your legs to jump!
::'''Paimon:''' If one of us had to take part, it'd have to be you. Still, Paimon's never seen you jump that far before &mdash; except when you were running away from monsters...
:'''Estampe:''' ...
:'''Horellou:''' Hahaha! In that case, you'd do well to ask our champion over here for some advice.
:'''Estampe:''' ...My apologies, dear guests, and Mr. Horellou too, but I said it before and I'll say it again. I'm no champion!
:'''Horellou:''' But as surely as the lotus stems stand, according to the rules, you are the champion!
:'''Estampe:''' I'll be the judge of that, thank you very much! This contest is meant to pick the best of us &mdash; the most skilled of jumpers &mdash; to go save our princess. This is a matter of the honor of all frogkind!
:'''Estampe:''' And Faurobert is the very best of us. You know this &mdash; all of us do!
:{{DIcon}} So Faurobert was really that impressive?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... We've heard a lot of other paper frogs talking about him. Is everything they say about him true?
:'''Estampe:''' That's right. Faurobert is... was, the best frog in our pond.
:'''Estampe:''' He could easily bound all the way across twelve lotus leaves and land on the thirteenth, and he'd land so lightly that the dew upon the leaf would not be disturbed.
:'''Estampe:''' He could even jump between lotus leaves amidst a flowing river and not fall into the water, no matter how fierce the current.
:{{DIcon}} But we just saw him, uh...
:{{DIcon}} So I'm guessing he's... not in good form right now?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, he seems kinda down. He looked super sad when he was leaving just now too.
:'''Estampe:''' He's just having a temporary rough patch. That's the only reason he made that mistake.
:'''Estampe:''' Please, Mr. Horellou, for the sake of the contest, and the sake of our calling, I'd like to ask for a rematch.
:'''Estampe:''' If you deem it necessary, you can consult the opinion of all the other frogs. I am sure they'll concur.
:'''Horellou:''' Listen, Estampe, I know you're a capital fellow, sharp-minded, and upstanding to boot.
:'''Horellou:''' But did you not see how Faurobert was faring? He left without even attempting to make another leap...
:'''Estampe:''' I'll speak with him. We've trained together all this time, so I know how he feels. He'll understand.
:'''Horellou:''' Ah, for the love of lotus leaves and lucent dew... Alright. I'll go with you to meet Faurobert.
:'''Paimon:''' We'll come along too! We're, uh, really good at encouraging people!
:{{DIcon}} And we're great jumpers too!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Have you been secretly training behind Paimon's back or something?
:{{DIcon}} I'm just good at making others jump... a long way away.
:'''Horellou:''' Hahaha. Both humorous and polite! Thank you for your goodwill. In that case, let us go together.
:'''Horellou:''' With any luck, that good humor of yours might soothe his sore spirit... Pond protect us. I wonder which shall serve us better &mdash; the soft or hard approach?

;(Talk to Excited Paper Frog, optional)
:'''Excited Paper Frog:''' Wha... How!? How could this be!? How could Faurobert flub it so badly...

;(Talk to Calm Paper Frog, optional)
:'''Calm Paper Frog:''' Faurobert... Just what's going on with you? *sigh*...

;(Talk to Kind Paper Frog, optional)
:'''Kind Paper Frog:''' Poor Faurobert. We've squashed that poor froggy flat under the weight of our expectations.
:'''Kind Paper Frog:''' *sigh* If you ask me, winning all the time does a frog no good. The tallest Lotus Head always breaks first, as they say.

;(Talk to Sullen Paper Frog, optional)
:'''Sullen Paper Frog:''' Failure is a deep pond indeed, doubt is the choking algae, and avoidance is the shackling sludge.
:'''Sullen Paper Frog:''' Faurobert, Faurobert, Faurobert, how are you going to hop out of this one...
----
;(Approach Faurobert)
:'''Estampe:''' He's here!
:'''Faurobert:''' Ah, there you are. The award ceremony is over, then?
:'''Estampe:''' Just the opposite, in fact! Both Mr. Horellou and I are of the opinion that things are far from over.
:'''Horellou:''' Indeed. I hereby announce, in my capacity as referee, that you, Mr. Faurobert, have one more chance to jump.
:'''Horellou:''' To maintain the fairness of this competition, and to fulfill our duty to the calling, you must do a re-jump.
:'''Faurobert:''' Dear Mr. Horellou, I, as a contestant, cite the competition rules pertaining to competitive behavior that may bring harm to oneself and one's tribe...
:'''Faurobert:''' I forfeit my second jump attempt... I do not want to disappoint everyone again, nor bring ruin to our calling. This is the only truly responsible course of action.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, what a professional answer. He even had the specific clauses handy!
:{{DIcon}} He even gave it a touch of emotional appeal...
:'''Horellou:''' Alright, looks like playing hardball isn't going to work! Oh, lucent dew and lotus leaves...
:{{DIcon}} But you haven't left the venue.
:'''Faurobert:''' ...I don't understand what you mean to say, dear guest.
:{{DIcon}} This is the best place from which to watch the competition unfold.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh... You're right! You can see everything that's going on in the long-distance jumping contest from here!
::'''Paimon:''' If he really had given up and no longer wanted to have anything to do with the contest... Why would he stay?
:{{DIcon}} If you really wanted to give up, you wouldn't have stayed here.
::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's true. You can see everything that's going on in the long-distance jumping contest from here!
::'''Paimon:''' If he really had given up and no longer wanted to have anything to do with the contest... Why would he stay?
:'''Faurobert:''' ...
:'''Faurobert:''' I don't wish to talk about this anymore. I believe I've been clear. Sorry, Estampe, and our two guests as well.

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' He didn't even wait for Paimon to finish speaking to hop away! After him!
:'''Estampe:''' Hold, Faurobert! For the pond's sake, I...
:'''Horellou:''' ...You too should hold, Mr. Estampe. I have an idea.
----
;(Approach Faurobert)
:'''Paimon:''' *pants* So... tiring...
:{{DIcon}} H... Hang on a moment!
:{{DIcon}} L&mdash;Listen... to us... would you...
:'''Faurobert:''' Is there anything else I can help you with, dear guests? You saw the terrible state I was in.
:'''Faurobert:''' ...I admit, I mostly knew what you were going to say the moment I saw you arriving with Estampe.
:'''Faurobert:''' My answer is "no," and so it will always be.
:'''Faurobert:''' Look at my ankles... They are not ankles that can carry such a heavy burden. Not ones that can save a princess.
:{{DIcon}} They look like pretty sturdy ankles to me!
:{{DIcon}} A finer pair of ankles I have never seen!
:'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;Yeah! Paimon hasn't either!
:'''Faurobert:''' But I made a mistake... No, I have been making mistakes all along. I'm sorry, you two, but I cannot continue competing.

;(Approach Faurobert again)
:'''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Hey, don't go! We just wanna tell you one thing, one last thing!
:{{DIcon}} All frogs make mistakes.
:{{DIcon}} They just need to learn from them, that's all!
:'''Faurobert:''' Good guest, you do not understand. I... I initially believed that mistakes were mere drops of dew that fall upon our heads. Nothing that could truly knock a froggy down.
:'''Faurobert:''' But I was wrong. Perhaps they were never mere drops but rather more akin to rocks at the bottom of a pond, withered wood stuck into the waterbed, or a vent hidden within the muck.
:'''Faurobert:''' We can overlook them, bury them, step over them, or pretend they don't exist.
:'''Faurobert:''' But they will not rest, my friend. They will await their opportunity, for a chance to come back to bite you.
:'''Faurobert:''' Please go, and let me go too. I am nothing but a mere Lotus Head who has had all its seeds removed.
:'''Faurobert:''' Even a light breeze would surge through the many holes in my heart and chill me to the bone.
:'''Faurobert:''' I cannot take up this great burden. This is the voice of my heart. I have let all frogs down &mdash; including myself.
:{{DIcon}} You still have a retry, you know.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, you've got another chance to prove yourself!
:'''Faurobert:''' ...I do not wish to taste the bitter pang of failure once more. My legs and my heart cannot...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! This lotus leaf is moving all of a sudden. What's going on!?
:'''Faurobert:''' What? But it should have been fixed in place...
:'''Faurobert:''' ...No, it's moving forward. Please stand firm, dear guests. I will steer it as best I can!
----
;(While riding the lily pad)
::Control the waterspouts and prevent the lotus leaf from being hit
:'''Paimon:''' Waaah! This leaf's rocking all over the place, we're gonna... capsize!
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Lower the waterspout!
:'''Paimon:''' If we get hit by many more of these water pillars, we'll fall in!
:'''Faurobert:''' Watch out for the water pillars! The lotus leaf won't withstand the impact!
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Lower the waterspout!
:'''Faurobert:''' ...D&mdash;Don't worry! It's only a short course, and there'll be frogs at the end to stop the leaf!
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Lower the waterspout!
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Lower the waterspout!
:{{DIcon|Gear}} Lower the waterspout!
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... This has gotta be the end. What a close call... Good thing you were here with us!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Paper Frog:''' Huh. Someone's training?
:'''Faurobert:''' I've trained here before, so I'm pretty used to it.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Green Paper Frog:''' That's neat!
:'''Faurobert:''' Alright, we'll soon reach the shore ahead.
:'''Faurobert:''' Wait, those two frogs on the shore, are they... Horellou and Estampe? What are they up to...
:'''Faurobert:''' Aaaah! The leaf got knocked away again!
:'''Faurobert:''' Looks like we won't be able to reach the shore for now...
:'''Faurobert:''' J&mdash;Just like this... No no, not like that! Agh, I can't control it...
:'''Paimon:''' Stop freaking out! You're the only one here who has any chance of controlling this lotus leaf... Eek, we're really gonna capsize!
:;(The lotus leaf gets launched into a cave)
:'''Faurobert:''' ...*huff*.. I can do this... I can do this...
:'''Paimon:''' The current... feels like it's getting faster?
:'''Faurobert:''' ...L&mdash;Looks I'm the only one who can control it! {{Color|buzzword|Leave it to me}}, everyone, and hold on tight!
:'''Paimon:''' Waaah! We're gonna go over the cliff! We've gotta jump!
:'''Faurobert:''' Jump? I won't make it!
<!--:'''Paimon:''' It's a bit late for that n... Whoa!-->
:;(The lotus leaf breaches through a waterfall)
:;(The Traveler jumps off and glides)
:;(Faurobert takes a leap of faith off the leaf)
----
:'''Horellou:''' Would you look. At. That! Faurobert the Unyielding! Faurobert the Bold! He's seized the opportunity for a retry &mdash; and... *gasp*! A spectacular leap. Spectacular indeed!
:'''Horellou:''' This is a miracle, without precedent! He is... the only paper frog ever to leap across this precipice!
:'''Estampe:''' I knew you had it in you, Faurobert! I believed in you!
:'''Faurobert:''' The lotus leaf that suddenly started moving &mdash; that was your doing, wasn't it?
:'''Estampe:''' It was something that Mr. Horellou and I came up with together. I apologize, dear guests, for hiding this from you.
:{{DIcon}} W&mdash;Well, it was certainly exciting!
:{{DIcon}} I'd do it all over again!
:{{DIcon}} A bit of advance notice would be appreciated though!
::'''Estampe:''' I am truly sorry. I have spoken to Mr. Horellou, and we will surely compensate you for the fright we caused.
::'''Estampe:''' To be sure, we did place a great many lotus pads in the waters beneath you. Even if you had fallen, you would not have been injured.
::'''Estampe:''' We would never allow guests to be harmed &mdash; I swear it by the good name of Rainsong Pond.
:'''Estampe:''' Alright then, Faurobert. Now that everyone has witnessed your great leap &mdash; you no longer have any reason to reject the victor's crown.
:'''Faurobert:''' But it was a coincidence, a miracle born of circumstances! Just one... one fluke leap.
:'''Faurobert:''' It was only with the aid of these two guests that I was able to do it at all.
:{{DIcon}} I'll be honest, we were just having fun drifting alongside you.
:'''Paimon:''' Exactly, we were just watching from the sidelines. That big jump was all you.
:{{DIcon}} Still, our work wasn't in vain.
:'''Paimon:''' Right? Hehe, it would've been a waste to stand by and watch such a brilliant... frog give up like that.
:'''Paimon:''' You love it so much, and you trained so hard for so long &mdash; it would've been awful if you'd just given up.
:{{DIcon}} A tragedy for you and frog-kind!
:{{DIcon}} Just glad that you didn't actually give up.
:'''Estampe:''' Ah, honored guests! Truly, your hearts are purer than the first drop of morning dew.
:'''Faurobert:''' I am sorry, my friend, to have done you such an injustice... You should have been the winner of that match.
:'''Estampe:''' Ah, come now! You proved that you were the best of us, did you not? Please, listen to me.
:'''Estampe:''' We have many competitions ahead of us, and I will gladly compete with you a hundred, a thousand times more!
:'''Estampe:''' But this time, we must put our best frog forward to fetch the princess.
:'''Estampe:''' That is our "calling," and the future of Rainsong Pond rests upon it. As such, there is no room for error &mdash; do you understand me?
:'''Faurobert:''' I do.
:'''Estampe:''' Good, Faurobert, that's wonderful!
:'''Horellou:''' Hahaha, well this all seems to have turned out great! We have ourselves a real champion now, don't we?
:'''Horellou:''' Next up, our champion shall go rescue the princess, and then our "calling" will be complete!
:{{DIcon}} Uh, not to interrupt or anything...
:{{DIcon}} About that princess of yours...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, so uh... You've said a whole bunch about this princess of yours. Fetch her this, best frog that...
:'''Paimon:''' Now everything's ready, do you actually know where the princess is?
:'''Horellou:''' Hahaha, of course. We are about to go receive and rescue her &mdash; for she lives in a tower made of vines and giant trees.
:'''Horellou:''' Only the bravest, boldest, most jumpiest of frogs may evade the thorns and deep mist, leaping atop the tower to deliver the princess from her cage.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[The Forest and the Princess]]'')
::{{DIcon}} Seems like a lot of pressure to be putting on someone.
::{{DIcon}} To the top in one jump...
::'''Faurobert:''' I'll definitely fall down halfway...
::'''Estampe:''' Come now, Faurobert, don't be in such a rush to return to the pond. Why, we have yet to even lay eyes upon that tree!
::'''Horellou:''' Our hard work has paid off! We have located the tower &mdash; it is in the [[Kingdom of Breezes and Bells]]!
::'''Estampe:''' Um, Mr. Horellou, there is naught there but forest and flying squirrel. Certainly not a high tower.
::'''Estampe:''' Are you certain that it is our destination?
::'''Horellou:''' Absolutely! I personally went to inspect that place. The tower there is so high that you can barely see the top! There are none, I reckon, who might scale it, apart from us paper frogs.
::'''Paimon:''' That sounds really impressive...
::{{DIcon}} Let me go take a look first.
::{{DIcon}} Then let's meet in the kingdom.
::'''Faurobert:''' You're coming along too? That would be wonderful!
::'''Estampe:''' Hahaha! Looks like we've got quite the crowd for our little princess welcoming party! Not bad, not bad at all.
::'''Horellou:''' See? I knew that things would work out for the best.
::'''Horellou:''' Let us make our preparations, then set forth for the Kingdom of Breezes and Bells. As for you, dear guests, we shall see you there.
::'''Horellou:''' Ah, yes. Mr. Faurobert, please go to the award ceremony first, would you? It will take place at the pond.
::'''Faurobert:''' No!
;(If the player has completed ''The Forest and the Princess'')
::'''{{Traveler}}:''' "Princess"... You don't mean the one in the forest, do you...
::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's right. We met a princess previously when we went to the Kingdom of Breezes and Bells.
::'''Paimon:''' She does indeed live in a very, very tall tower, and she even has a trial to select Guardians.
::'''Paimon:''' But she can fly herself, so Paimon doesn't really think she needs saving...
::{{DIcon}} And she's selecting her own Guardians...
::{{DIcon}} She doesn't seem to be waiting for anyone...
::'''Horellou:''' Really? Wonderful! That's wonderful!
::'''Horellou:''' That said... I didn't expect her to be able to fly.
::'''Faurobert:''' Well, that's wonderful! Then I shan't have to go all the way out there, just to mess up such an important task.
::'''Faurobert:''' In any case, I must confess to being a little tired. Having just jumped so far, I must rest...
::'''Estampe:''' Hold, friend, I say, hold! Ah, dewdrops above, you shall not escape from this matter.
::'''Estampe:''' Mr. Horellou, I believe that we should travel to the kingdom regardless to see what is happening.
::'''Horellou:''' Hmm... You may be right, but this is quite strange. The princess does live in a high tower, and yet she needs no frog to save her.
::'''Horellou:''' Estampe, Faurobert, it seems that we must speak to that princess.
::'''Horellou:''' Well then, dear guests, please lead the way.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/FREQYRve9CY
|caption1 = The Lotus Leaf and the Champion Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Lotus Leaf and the Champion
|zhs      = 荷叶与冠军
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 荷葉與冠軍
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = ハスの葉とチャンピオン
|ja_rm    = Hasu no Ha to Chanpion
|ja_tl    = The Lotus Leaf and the Champion
|ko       = 연잎과 우승자
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El campeón y las hojas de loto
|es_tl    = The Champion and the Lotus Leaves
|fr       = La feuille de lotus et le champion
|fr_tl    = The Lotus Leaf and the Champion
|ru       = Лотос и чемпион
|ru_tl    = The Lotus and the Champion
|th       = ใบบัวและแชมป์
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Lá Sen Và Quán Quân
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Das Lotosblatt und der Champion
|de_tl    = The Lotus Leaf and the Champion
|id       = Daun Teratai dan Sang Juara
|id_tl    = The Lotus Leaf and the Champion
|pt       = A Folha de Lótus e o Campeão
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Nilüfer Yaprağı ve Şampiyon
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = La foglia di loto e il campione
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:A Folha de Lótus e o Campeão]]
[[ru:Лотос и чемпион]]