{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04001
|image         = Archon Quest The Truth Lost With the Rain.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
|actNum        = II
|part          = 2
|characters    = Adele; Calcagni; Coralie; Florent; Marcel (Fontaine); Melus; Navia; Neuvillette; Paimon; Sedene; Silver; Thierry; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia
|prev          = Like the Faint Moonlight of Yesteryear
|next          = When All Return to the Waters
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,050;Mora*46,150;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Truth, Lost With the Rain|chapter=4|act=2|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Palais Mermonia]]
# Go to the [[Neuvillette|Chief Justice]]'s office
# Talk to Neuvillette
# Go to [[Poisson]]
# Talk to [[Navia]]
# Talk to [[Melus]] on the ship
# Visit [[Jacques]]' family
# Talk to [[Florent]]
# Go to the Court of Fontaine and speak to [[Thierry]]
# Contact [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]]
# Go over the clues with Navia

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You're now involved in the "serial disappearances of young women" case, whether you like it or not. From the new intelligence you gained from your encounter at the [[Fountain of Lucine]], you and Navia prepare for the next step in your investigation...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Palais Mermonia)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The Palais is right up ahead. Come on.

;(Enter the central area)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 sedna 01.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Halt! Please state your business here. The Chief Justice is presently occupied with official matters.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... This place does look pretty heavily guarded. Guess that proves that Neuvillette's files are really secure!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, don't you recognize us?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 sedna 02.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Huh? Who are you? Just to be clear, I don't care who you are or who you might be related to, our rules make no exceptions.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' See? They've got great discipline, too.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep yep, Paimon can tell!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 sedna 03.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' ...If you're just here to crack jokes, I can point you towards the exit. Unlike some, we're busy, so please leave if you don't have a reason to be here.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No, no, what I meant to say is, shouldn't you remember us from a few days ago? We were at the trial of the Great Magician Lyney.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 sedna 04.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Ohhhh! Yes, I remember, I read about it in [[The Steambird]]. You... You must be [[Lyney]]'s attorneys. It's all coming back to me now.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We're here today to report and archive some information on a follow-up case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 sedna 05.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Huh? Is that even a thing...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Of course! Don't worry, we're here on official business. You can trust us.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 sedna 06.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Alright, then I'll let you through. The Chief Justice is just inside.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 1 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thanks so much!

;(Knock on the door)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Please, come in.

;(Enter the Chief Justice's office)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Sorry to barge in, Monsieur Neuvillette. We only lied to get in because we didn't know any other way...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It's alright. Please let me know how I may be of assistance to you.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, so you're not mad at us?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We're looking for a man called "[[Vacher]]." He may have been an eyewitness in the serial disappearances case. If we can find him, we may be able to unearth some key information on the case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, I see. In that case, please wait here a moment while I browse through the files.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knew that Neuvillette would be so easy to talk to...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Unfortunately...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I'm quite certain that no one by the name of "Vacher" has been involved in any case, criminal or civil, in the past several years.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' There are no records of him either in the files or in my memory.
:{{DIcon}} Guess that's that...
:{{DIcon}} So we're back to square one...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, what if it was really all just a dream?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Is that so... Alright then, thank you so much, Monsieur Neuvillette. We'll take our leave now.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ahem...
:;(The group begins to leave)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...Miss Navia, I can understand how you feel.
:;(Navia stops walking)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Your father, [[Callas]], was a truly exceptional man. We deeply regret his passing.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And what are you trying to say, Monsieur Neuvillette?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Are you trying to console me? Extend your sympathy? Or just express some tendril of regret...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No... You are not trying to do any of that. I can hear it in your voice. There's no emotion behind your words &mdash; you only said those things because you felt like you should.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:;(Navia walks back to Neuvillette)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's just like last time. After my father took his place in the Duelists' Ring, I pushed through the guards to talk to you as a last resort...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You even told me then that you thought there was something fishy with the case, yet you still allowed the duel to go ahead.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' In your eyes, the value of a human life is nothing compared to those cold laws you hold so dear.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If you truly regret my father's death, then why didn't you call a stop to the duel!?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Why didn't you... give me the power to stop him from throwing his life away, why did you just let him die, despised and hated by all...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Everything was hanging on a thread at that moment... Just the tiniest effort could have changed everything.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' There are still so many things I never got to tell him... So many questions he still owes me answers to...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If you really have no heart, then just look me in the eyes &mdash; I, Navia, will show you the true meaning of "regret"!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...I'm sorry, Miss Navia.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You and my father are truly alike. You'd keep all kinds of things in your heart, and never say a word to anyone.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's not so much that you can't feel, but that you would never express anything.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh well... In any case, everyone already knows full well the apathy of the Chief Justice.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 2 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My apologies for taking my emotions out on you, Monsieur Chief Justice. Let's go, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:;(Outside the Palais)<!-- Black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia... Are you okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm fine...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah... rain... It's raining.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right... Wasn't it still sunny when we went into the building? And there shouldn't be any active trials today, how strange...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Now that I think of it... On the day my father was convicted of murder, it was also raining.
:{{DIcon}} Rain...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it, {{Traveler}}? Did you think of something?
:{{DIcon}} Your father's case...
:{{DIcon}} Was he outside when it happened?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, he was outside... It was uncovered and the rain could fall there. Why? Do you think the rain could have affected the crime scene?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That thought has occurred to us before. We've even expanded the search area to try to account for that, but didn't find anything of value.
:{{DIcon}} But there was something you didn't know at the time.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh? Wait, you don't mean...!
:{{DIcon}} The fact that people can be turned into water.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're saying that the true murderer could have been turned into water? And then got washed away with the rain...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... And if that's what had happened, then no one would have believed your dad even if he explained what he saw to the authorities!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I really think I've found a true genius for a partner... You're completely right, how did I not connect the dots earlier...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, let's go to Poisson! With this new lead in mind, we'll get to the bottom of my father's case for sure!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We're gonna make progress for sure this time!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Do you want to go with me now, or do you want to head over by yourself later?
:{{DIcon}} We should go while the idea's still fresh!
::{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 10a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Great. Let's go, then.
:{{DIcon}} You can go first, I'll join you later.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 3 navia 10b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, then I'll wait for you at Poisson.
----
;(Approach Navia at Poisson)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, what a huge ship! Why would a ship be anchored at a place like this?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, there's no need to be so surprised. While it may look like a ship, it's actually [[Spina di Rosula]]'s headquarters.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My father was the one who asked for it to be built like this. Perhaps our taste in exterior design is the only thing we occasionally had in common.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' A gigantic and glamorous ship embodies discovery, opportunity, ambition, and conquest. It symbolizes Spina di Rosula's bright and limitless future.
:{{DIcon}} I think I'm starting to get why you like it.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Paimon thought you were bluffing when you said Spina di Rosula had a glorious past!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon was confused why a group with such a history would live in the sewers...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But now that Paimon has seen this ship for herself, she's been convinced!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, Poisson is where Spina di Rosula began, after all. It's our main base, our home.

;(Approach Melus on the ship)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus, we're back!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 01.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Apologies for the wait, Demoiselle, and our most important partners.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 02.ogg}} '''Melus:''' You said before that you still had some business at the Court. What brings you back to Poisson so quickly?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 06a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 06b.ogg}}--> '''Navia:''' Uh, about that... it's because my partner here reminded me of something really important. You see, what if my father's case had something to do with Water from the Primordial Sea?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You still remember, right, Melus? On that night, it was raining...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 03.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Yes, the case was quite similar to that of Mr. Lyney's. Both were what you'd call "impossible murders."
:{{DIcon}} Could the mastermind be the same person?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could you tell us a bit more about what happened before?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, of course. Many years ago, something called "[[Sinthe]]" began to gain popularity in Poisson.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' At a glance, it was a kind of drink that could excite your mood and produce many pleasant hallucinations.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, didn't [[Vaughn|that Garde guy]] who turned into water also mention that the Primordial Water could be used to produce some kind of potion?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yes, he did. Considering what we know now, it's almost certain that Sinthe is created using Water from the Primordial Sea.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If you drink Sinthe for an extended amount of time, you'll suffer many side effects, such as losing the ability to focus or control your emotions.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And if you were to stop drinking it completely... you'll experience flashes of paranoia and anxiety, while lacking energy to do anything. It's an extremely dangerous substance.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' As he oversaw Poisson, my father was compelled to put a stop to Sinthe abuse, and called for a complete ban of it.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 04.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Boss' uncompromising attitude incurred the Sinthe vendors' wrath, but no matter how much they threatened or bribed him, he refused to yield.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 05.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Not only that, Boss became determined to find the mastermind behind the Sinthe operation, and put an end to the problem once and for all.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yes, but the enemy was very cunning, so he could never get anything out of the dealers, all of whom only sold the stuff and weren't privy to the rest of the operation.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Recognizing that, my father decided to contact the dealers in secret, and cultivate personal relationships with them. Finally, he was able to convince someone to become his informant.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The man's name was Jacques. He felt greatly ashamed about his work after seeing many families destroyed by Sinthe abuse.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That night, my father hosted a banquet at this countryside estate. He planned to meet up and exchange information with Jacques over some food.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But then we heard two gunshots from the courtyard. We raced to the scene and found my father, still holding a gun, and Jacques, who was already dead on the ground...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? How did that happen? Weren't they on the same side?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Sounds just like Lyney's case, doesn't it? In both cases the culprit seemed obvious, but neither appeared to have any motive at all.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Looking back on it, though, I now believe the most important clue was something we all overlooked at the time &mdash; there were pieces of clothing left at the scene.
:{{DIcon}} So they could have belonged to someone who got dissolved?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Precisely. It's all thanks to you that I made the connection now. Back then, we all just thought they were some costumes that Jacques used to disguise himself at the banquet.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 22.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But considering it now, it's almost certain that they belonged to a third person at the scene. With one extra person, we'll also need to reconsider why the two shots were fired.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe your father got into an argument with Jacques...?
:{{DIcon}} But it's also possible that the third person was to blame.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 23.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You're right, we still don't know what happened, but my intuition tells me that we're on the right track to figuring it all out. I'm finally headed towards the truth...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 06.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Jacques was an empathetic man who was infinitely remorseful for his past actions. It's unlikely that he turned on Boss with zero warning.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 07.ogg}} '''Melus:''' I think this "third person" is probably the key to the full truth.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 08.ogg}} '''Melus:''' On that note, however... Even though this will not please you, Demoiselle, as your and your father's butler, I must still offer a word of warning.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 09.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Our opponent is insidious and cruel. They are extremely difficult to deal with, and Boss has already lost his life trying to bring them to justice.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 10.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Even though Spina di Rosula has lost most of its former glory, Poisson has welcomed a new time of peace, and we have been allowed to live out our lives...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 11.ogg}} '''Melus:''' There's no need to follow your father's path. It would be both wise and in line with Boss' wishes to step back and give up on the case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 24.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If that's indeed what he wished for, then he should have told me that himself.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 25.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Was I not the closest person to him? And yet, I was the one most kept in the dark.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 26.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What was the point of him dying without sharing any of the secrets he knew? Did he manage to protect anything in the end?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 27.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Sinthe is still here, "Callas the Unfaithful" is still his epithet, and Spina di Rosula is barely getting by. Nothing has changed.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 28.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Did he think I'd just accept his meaningless death, and live out my life just as meaninglessly?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 29.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I've never accepted that, ever. Not since that day, and certainly not now.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 30.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I want to find out the real answer for everyone's sake. For the missing girls... for the victims... and for myself.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 12.ogg}} '''Melus:''' This is indeed the best moment to act. Your partner appears to be quite reliable, and more importantly, Demoiselle, I think you're also ready to take this on.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 31.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So you do know something else, Melus.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 13.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Yes, I do. In fact, even before that banquet, Boss already knew of the connection between Sinthe and the serial disappearances case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 14.ogg}} '''Melus:''' But what drove all the tensions to the boiling point was the revelation that you, Demoiselle, had been selected as the next target to "disappear."
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 32.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 15.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Boss also didn't tell you that he had been diagnosed with a rare illness. The doctors told him that he had no more than five years left to live...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 16.ogg}} '''Melus:''' And the serial disappearances case caused him great anxiety.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 17.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Five years was nowhere near enough time to resolve this long-standing conflict, but once he passed away, all the danger would pass onto you.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 18.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Knowing all of this, he decided to use one final intimidation tactic before his death. He claimed to have already gotten his hands on some key incriminating evidence for the other side, and even told some members of Spina di Rosula about the details.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 19.ogg}} '''Melus:''' But as long as you remained safe, he would not share the evidence with the public.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 20.ogg}} '''Melus:''' If something were to happen to you, then he and all those he had told would immediately expose all they know about Sinthe and the disappeared victims.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, so nobody would be able to get off scot-free...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 21.ogg}} '''Melus:''' As we've seen, Boss' tactic has worked. Even though Boss has been gone for a long time, the other side has not tried to take Demoiselle's life.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 33.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No, I don't believe it! He never appeared to look sick to me!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 22.ogg}} '''Melus:''' No father wants their daughter to see them weak and haggard, especially someone as proud as Boss.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 23.ogg}} '''Melus:''' To him, dying in a duel and suffering lasting dishonor as "the Unfaithful" were still far preferable than losing face in front of his daughter.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 34.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Argh!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 35.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...So he chose to die in silence so that he could protect me?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 24.ogg}} '''Melus:''' I'm afraid you're not understanding this correctly, Demoiselle. What Boss wanted to hand to you was not a parasol, but a sword.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 25.ogg}} '''Melus:''' If Boss' spirit could hear you telling me that you want to find the answer for the sake of everyone involved...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 26.ogg}} '''Melus:''' I'm sure he'd be extremely proud.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 36.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That fool, couldn't he have just given it to me straight...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 37.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No, he might have set up everything precisely because... he never thought I'd be able to understand him...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 38.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Is that the amount of confidence he had in me? And what if I was never able to make it to where I am now...?
:{{DIcon}} He gave you the choice to live how you want.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 39.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, I suppose that's true... With the way he'd set things up, if I had wanted, I could have just lived out my life without a care in the world.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 40.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But thankfully, he rarely talked to me about complex matters, and thus understood little of me as a person. In this case... he really didn't need to give me an easy way out.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 41.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus, what was the key evidence that he shared with you?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 27.ogg}} '''Melus:''' It's the location where Sinthe is produced. Essentially, it's the enemy's headquarters.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 28.ogg}} '''Melus:''' When he was threatening the enemy, Boss didn't share the specifics of the incriminating evidence he found.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 29.ogg}} '''Melus:''' But if you want to use it against the enemy, you'll still have to take several things into consideration.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why? If we know where the place is, can't we just go storming in?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 30.ogg}} '''Melus:''' You mustn't forget that we're fighting against a mysterious and dangerous organization that's been in operation for decades.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 31.ogg}} '''Melus:''' There's no telling what might be lying in wait at their headquarters. We also have no idea what kind of evidence we may be able to find inside, nor what people we may be able to capture.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 32.ogg}} '''Melus:''' But a single visit to their headquarters would be tantamount to a formal declaration of war.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 33.ogg}} '''Melus:''' The worst case would be that we leave empty-handed, but also open ourselves up to full retaliation.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then in that case, why not work with the Fontaine authorities?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 34.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Well, you saw one of them dissolve during Mr. Lyney's case. We have no idea just how thoroughly they may have been infiltrated.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 42.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That's true... Seems my father really had no choice...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 43.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But things are different now. It should be a lot easier to prove the other side's guilt now that we've connected Sinthe with the disappearances case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You sound like you've put a lot of thought into this, Melus!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 35.ogg}} '''Melus:''' I am the butler, after all. I live but to serve the Boss and Demoiselle's will.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 36.ogg}} '''Melus:''' I've always been willing to take on any kind of risk for your sake, but considering my relative lack of ability, I've spent my time keeping secrets, performing basic investigations, and waiting for the right time to come.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 44.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you for all of that, Melus. Have you discovered anything new in the past few years?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 37.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Let me think... One conclusion I came to was that the enemy must be quite familiar with Spina di Rosula, or at least, have an informant planted here.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 38.ogg}} '''Melus:''' When I announced orders to the organization's members on Demoiselle's behalf, I used to deliberately keep a few people in the dark, and observe the reactions of the Sinthe vendors.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 39.ogg}} '''Melus:''' If the vendors didn't change their plans, then the individuals informed of our orders must be innocent. If the vendors packed up and fled, however, then someone must have given them the news.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 40.ogg}} '''Melus:''' After several rounds of testing and investigative tracing, I've narrowed the suspect list down to three people.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 41.ogg}} '''Melus:''' The first is Florent, Spina di Rosula's senior adviser.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 45.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh? Florent?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 42.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Yes. Surprising, isn't it? He was one of the people Boss trusted the most, which also means that he was someone who understood Boss really well.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 43.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Thanks to his position within Boss' innermost circle, he always knew our upcoming plans, and could thus avoid capture this whole time.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 44.ogg}} '''Melus:''' There's someone else like him, too. Marcel, the head of Confrerie of Cabriere.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 46.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Uncle Marcel...
:{{DIcon}} What is this "Confrerie"?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 45.ogg}} '''Melus:''' It's a guild in Poisson. Boss helped it to grow to its current size and prominence.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 46.ogg}} '''Melus:''' In the beginning, they were only reselling some daily goods, but now, they're one of the richest guilds around with a lot of business connections in the city.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, they're like a sister organization of Spina di Rosula?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 47.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yes, you can say that. When we were fighting against the Sinthe dealers, they provided us with plenty of support.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 48.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's a bit difficult to imagine someone using their own money to hunt down themselves...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 47.ogg}} '''Melus:''' The final suspect is Thierry, the man responsible for coordinating information between Spina di Rosula and the Gardes.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 48.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Although the Gardes mostly leave us to our own devices, there are still many activities we have to report to the local authorities.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 49.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Since Thierry is always in the know about our current activities, he could theoretically always plan one step ahead.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 49.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I see... These are all people who I communicate with quite regularly.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 50.ogg}} '''Navia:''' To think that the enemy we've been fighting against has been right next to me all along, among those I trust the most... It's almost too hard to believe...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 50.ogg}} '''Melus:''' If you want to investigate them, please take every precaution to not alert the quarry. Judging from our experience, the enemy is extremely cautious.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 51.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Of course, and thank you, Melus. You've provided us with a lot of great information.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 51.ogg}} '''Melus:''' You're too kind, my lady. I'm just doing my duty.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 52.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Ah, and before I forget, proving Boss' innocence would also mean clearing him of blame in Jacques' death...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 53.ogg}} '''Melus:''' After that incident, Jacques' wife and daughter were taken into the Spina's care. They still live in Poisson today.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 marcillac 54.ogg}} '''Melus:''' If it might help, you could also pay them a visit. I can make the necessary arrangements.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, thank you so much, Melus! You really are the best!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 52.ogg}} '''Navia:''' A new case awaits, my dear partner.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 4 navia 53.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I hope we can work together to uncover the truth, and end this case once and for all.
:;(Obtain {{Item|"Water and Missing Person" Case Record}})
:;("Callas' Case Records" added to the Case Record)
----
;(Approach Melus, [[Coralie]], and [[Adele]])
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 marcillac 01.ogg}} '''Melus:''' It is settled, then. Please excuse me, and enjoy your conversation at your leisure.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you for arranging everything for us, Melus.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 01.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' Excuse me, Miss... Do you need anything from us?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 01.ogg}} '''Adele:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Navia's all quiet... This isn't like her at all.
:{{DIcon}} Let's not bother her for now.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm sorry that I only came to visit after all this time. After what happened... I didn't know how I was supposed to face the two of you.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 02.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' Ah, if it's about that, there's no need to apologize. After my husband died, Spina di Rosula sent us a lot of Mora and support. I understood your guilt and apology to be genuine.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But aren't all of those things nothing compared to the loss of Jacques?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I can understand the kind of pain that comes with losing a father so needlessly.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 02.ogg}} '''Adele:''' ...You don't understand at all.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I didn't know how to face you because I didn't know what I could possibly bring as a consolation gift.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I know only the full truth could bring closure to you &mdash; and to all of us.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 03.ogg}} '''Adele:''' Mhm...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 03.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' I'm sorry... I appreciate the sentiment, but you don't have to carry all that guilt.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 04.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' On the matter regarding my husband, my daughter and I have more or less found our answer already...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Would you mind sharing it with me? I really can't believe that my father could ever bring himself to shoot Jacques.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 05.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' I always knew that my husband's money was earned through others' suffering. He told me countless times that if he could turn back the clock, he would never go into the Sinthe business again.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 06.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' He had many regrets, and felt that he took the idea of providing for his family too literally. For the longest time, he thought Mora was everything.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 07.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' So when Mr. Callas came to him with a proposal, he accepted it almost immediately.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 08.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' He tried to be as careful as he could, but even so, he was still found out by the higher-ups...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' They found out about his betrayal?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 04.ogg}} '''Adele:''' Papa didn't say that exactly, but Papa did tell me that I should never be ungrateful.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 09.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' Before he left that day, he told me that he had no choice. It was only later that I realized it was his final farewell to the two of us.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, does that mean...
:{{DIcon}} Someone ordered Jacques to take out Callas?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 10.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' I don't know that for sure, but you could say that's... the conclusion I eventually came to.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 11.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' Which is why I'm the one who should feel guilty. Callas had always taken great care of us, both when he was still alive, and after he passed away...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 12.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' Even if he fired the shot that killed my husband, it was likely in self-defense. It is impossible for me to hate him for what he had done.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 05.ogg}} '''Adele:''' But Mama, why is Papa still the bad guy if he did the right thing?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 06.ogg}} '''Adele:''' Papa always wanted to be a good man, so why did he have to do a bad thing in the end?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, things aren't always as they seem. You still feel like your Papa was a good man, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 07.ogg}} '''Adele:''' Yeah, Papa was a really good man. The best in the whole world...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Then you should hold onto that. If a good man had to do a bad thing, then he must have had his reasons.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Regardless of whether he left you a parasol or a sword, he must have done so to give you a better life.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 adele 08.ogg}} '''Adele:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you for everything you've told me. I will definitely find the truth. The current state of things is not something I'm willing to just sit back and accept.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 13.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' Thank you. I'm very grateful to hear this from you.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 coralie 14.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' Even though your personality is quite different from your father's, your determination when you speak is really similar...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...You really think so?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That's the first time anyone's said that to me.
:;("Testimony From Jacques' Family" added to the Case Record)

;(Talk to Coralie or Adele again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq005 coralie 01.ogg}} '''Coralie:''' I'll leave my husband's case to you.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq005 adele 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dialog fdaq005 adele 01b.ogg}}--> '''Adele:''' Thank you, Miss Spina, and Miss Spina's friend.

;(Walk away from Coralie and Adele)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you okay, Navia?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm fine, don't worry. Let's investigate the three suspects next.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Florent should be nearby, and we should be able to find Thierry and Uncle Marcel in the city.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 5 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'll get myself together on the way, so please don't worry!

;(Approach Florent)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 01.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Greetings, Boss. How may I be of assistance today?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm sure you've heard about what happened at the opera house? Someone got turned into water right in front of us...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 02.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Yeah, I've heard... With something that dramatic, I'm sure journalists will milk it for all its worth, and it'll be all the talk for the next several weeks.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It also reminded me... On the day that the incident happened with my father, it was raining outside, and we found some clothes left at the scene...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' After my partner here put the dots together for me, I feel like we should try to reopen his case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Can you do me a favor and try to recall what happened that night?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 03.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Hmm, let me think... Mr. Callas was feeling pretty upbeat that day, so he was drinking and bantering away with us at the table.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 04.ogg}} '''Florent:''' After that, he told us that he wanted to go get some fresh air, so we let him go without thinking much of it. Who knew that we would hear two gunshots ring out right after...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 05.ogg}} '''Florent:''' My first reaction was that Mr. Callas' life was in danger, so I grabbed my holster and made a mad dash towards the scene.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 06.ogg}} '''Florent:''' But when I got there, it was already too late. Mr. Callas was standing over a dead body with a gun in his hands. All we could do was look back and forth at each other, not knowing what to say...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So you also remember two gunshots, then?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 07.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Indeed. The Gardes said the first shot didn't hit anyone, while the second killed Jacques... but I've never really bought that explanation.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 08.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Reason being, Mr. Callas had left his gun on the table. I even made sure to confirm that before running to the scene.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 09.ogg}} '''Florent:''' But according to the Gardes, that doesn't mean he couldn't have had other guns on his person.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 10.ogg}} '''Florent:''' About the clothes left at the scene that you mentioned... Do you think there was a third person there who was turned into water?
:{{DIcon}} It's very possible.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' At least from our perspective, my father had no reason to kill, so he would also have no reason to bring an extra gun with him.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The gun he was holding probably belonged to Jacques, or a third person on the scene.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 11.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. So you're saying... Mr. Callas ended up with the gun because he seized it from one of the other guys?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 12.ogg}} '''Florent:''' But hold on, if that's what had happened, then why didn't he share the truth with any of us?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 13.ogg}} '''Florent:''' He didn't even want to face the [[Oratrice]] Machine, and chose instead to prove his honor in a duel...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 14.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Did he lose all faith in the courts after seeing someone dissolve right in front of his eyes?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' About that... Melus told me a thing or two, so I think I can understand why he committed to the duel.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'll tell you everything once the whole truth has been revealed.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 15.ogg}} '''Florent:''' I understand. Then, I'll leave Mr. Callas' honor in your hands, Boss.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 16.ogg}} '''Florent:''' And if I may just say one more thing... The whole "Callas the Unfaithful" epithet has been a thorn in my side since the day it was invented.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 17.ogg}} '''Florent:''' Many people have laughed at me for still calling him "Mr. Callas" even after so many years have passed.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 18.ogg}} '''Florent:''' But it was Mr. Callas' trust that allowed me to rise through the ranks of Spina di Rosula and live the life I lead today.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 florent 19.ogg}} '''Florent:''' No matter what others might say, he'll always be the man I respect the most, and he'll always be my Boss.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Don't worry, I will definitely find the truth.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 6 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You and all our other comrades at the Spina deserve to know the truth as well.
:;("Information Regarding Florent" added to the Case Record)

;(Talk to Florent again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq005 florent 01.ogg}} '''Florent:''' My apologies, Boss, for that last sentimental bit.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq005 florent 02.ogg}} '''Florent:''' It's just... Many years have passed while I've held my tongue. It's not often that I get to share my true feelings with others.

;(Talk to Thierry)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, Thierry. It's me.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 01.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Oho, now what brings you here, Miss Navia? I've heard that you made quite the name for yourself at the opera house.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, so you've caught news of that already?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 02.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Oh, okay... Hey, I'm also a member of the Gardes, you know. The way you make it sound, people would think I was sent off to Poisson because I had done something wrong.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Are you sure there isn't a little bit of truth in that? Under normal circumstances, shouldn't you have been called back to the city already?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 03.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Haha, I mean, where I work is really up to me. Let's just say I enjoy the ambience of Poisson.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 04.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Callas did a fantastic job running the town, building Spina di Rosula from the ground up, and clearing many obstructions in my way.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 05.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' It would be next to impossible for me to find a similarly easy but high-paying job in the city.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 06.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Anyway, enough chitchat, are these two friends of yours? You here for some formal business?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 04b.ogg}}--> '''Navia:''' Ah yes, these two are my partners.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What happened at the opera house made us realize that Lyney's case and my father's may be related. We're trying to re-investigate the details of my father's old case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 07.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Ah, I get it. You think there might be more to the case now that we know people can be dissolved into water, right? I was also flabbergasted when I first heard of it.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 08.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' If you want to go through the original files from your father's case, I can help you look for them.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That'd be much appreciated, thank you. Actually, I have another question &mdash; do you have the authority to dispatch [[Gardemek]]s?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 09.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Of course! Without them, I couldn't possibly handle Poisson on my own.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 10.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Why do you ask? We definitely can't use them to forcefully get more evidence for your father's case.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, you see, just recently we were attacked by a horde of unnumbered Gardemeks in the city.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So if you hypothetically wanted to do something against me, all you would need to do is get rid of the meka's serial numbers and send them after me...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 11.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Hahaha, then you think too highly of my abilities. "Dispatching" meka is very different from "controlling" them.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 12.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' If I had to make an analogy... when you order a dish, the chef will make it for you. You can ask the chef to cook, but not to massage your shoulders, or carry your baggage.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 13.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' If you try to make unreasonable demands, the chef would just think you're out of your mind and ignore you completely. The same goes for me and my Gardemeks.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 14.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Removing a serial number is also not as easy as you might think. There are a lot of complex steps to it, and it's almost impossible to keep it a secret.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 15.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' So I can promise you &mdash; those meka were definitely private units.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 16.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' They're certainly not cheap, so whoever their owner is must be super rich, powerful, or both. Now that you mention it, though, being in the Sinthe business would definitely be profitable enough to afford this...
:{{DIcon}} Makes sense.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, then you're officially in the clear, Thierry.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 17.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Ahaha, thank you for the vote of confidence, Navia.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 18.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Jokes aside, I'd like to wish you all the best with your investigation.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 7 thierry 19.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' I'll be staying in the city for a little while, so just come find me if you need any support from the Gardes.
:;("Information Regarding Thierry" added to the Case Record)

;(Talk to Thierry again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq005 thierry 01.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' I'll see what I can do for you and Spina di Rosula when it comes to Garde stuff, but don't go advertising it to everyone else, haha.

;(Approach the Confrerie of Cabriere)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 calcagni 01.ogg}} '''Calcagni:''' Hello, how may I help you?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm here to see Marcel. Could you please let him know? You can just say Navia is looking for him.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 calcagni 02.ogg}} '''Calcagni:''' Sure, I will let him know right away.
:{{Black Screen|After waiting for a while, Marcel arrives in a hurry.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 01.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Navia, hello! Sorry to keep you waiting. I'm not as young as I used to be, so my legs are giving out a bit.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's alright, Uncle Marcel. There's no need to stress.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I just wanted to talk to you briefly about what happened in the opera house. I'm sure you saw everything too, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 02.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Yes, I've never seen anything so strange.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you were at the opera house, too?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 03.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' That's right, I went there with Navia to see the magic show. Who knew it would turn into a whole murder mystery...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 04.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' I also witnessed your marvelous sleuthing work. Quite impressive.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 05.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' To beat the Hydro Archon at her own game on her home turf... I can already imagine everyone in Fontaine discussing your exploits over a few glasses of wine.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon doesn't want to become the talk of drunkards...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 06.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Hahaha, apologies, it's just how Fontaine is as a nation. Everyone loves drama and theatrics.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Uncle Marcel, you've also noticed that other thing, right? The fact that humans can dissolve in water...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 07.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Yes, I was reminded of your father's case right away. Is that what you're investigating now?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Exactly. I still don't have much solid proof, but I can sense that the other side has already begun to act.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 08.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Oh, and what makes you say that?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We were attacked on [[Erinnyes]] by some unnumbered Gardemeks, and there was also an attempt to get me to drink Water from the [[Primordial Sea]].
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If not for the vigilance of my partner, I probably wouldn't even be here talking to you right now.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're giving us too much credit! Wasn't it you who protected us?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 09.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Alas, it seems things are heating up again. The peace that Callas sought so dearly will soon become a thing of the past.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 10.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' But rest assured, Navia, Poisson will always remain a safe haven for you. If you're scared, you can always return there.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 11.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' If anyone dares to lay their hands on you there, the Confrerie of Cabriere will use its funds to the last Mora to bring them to justice.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you, Uncle Marcel. But I don't intend to go into hiding. I'm going to strike while the iron's hot.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Do you have any new thoughts on my father's case?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 12.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Hmm, about that... Sorry, my age's catching up with me, so it'll take me a while to recall my memory.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 13.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' The Confrerie was responsible for that banquet, so I was out and about the whole time making sure things were running smoothly. I didn't even have the time to drink with the guests.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 14.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Then I heard the sound of a gunshot, and the rest was history.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's okay, no need to push yourself. We'll ask around some more, see if there are any valuable clues elsewhere.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 15.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Sounds good. Just let me know if you ever need Mora.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 8 marcelle 16.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' All my wealth comes from Callas' patronage and support. I'll spend however much it takes to clear his name.
:;("Information Regarding Marcel" added to the Case Record)

;(Talk to Marcel again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq005 marcelle 01.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Alas, why do these kinds of things happen to the kindest people...

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We've talked to all three suspects, purely based on their conversations with me...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' None of them sounded particularly suspicious.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, none of them really stood out as a suspect.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I suppose that's to be expected, though. If a single conversation's all that's needed to find them out, then my father wouldn't have needed to investigate the case for so many years.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Anyway, even though we didn't make a breakthrough, let's still compile what we were able to find.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... But where should we start?
:{{DIcon}} Jacques' motive.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, you're right! Florent mentioned that Callas probably only ended up with the gun because of circumstance. Hmm... that makes sense.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' According to Jacques' family members, he already told them that he had been discovered and that he had no choice before he left home that day.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm, if I had to guess, he probably received an order from the Sinthe boss to kill my father. Had he refused, he and his family's lives would have been forfeit.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Jacques fired the first shot?
:{{DIcon}} If I was Jacques...
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't have fired a shot at all.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh? And why is that?
:{{DIcon}} Could he guarantee his safety after killing Callas?
:{{DIcon}} Could he guarantee his family's safety after killing Callas?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, that's a good point! Jacques probably already knew that he was just being used as a tool for murder. And once he had completed his mission, he'd be of no more use to his boss...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So, what would make more sense from his perspective would be to turn his back on the order, and seek protection from my father.
:{{DIcon}} Seems the third person was the one who derailed everything.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Makes sense, but without evidence, that's still just a theory...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Besides Jacques, the attack from the Gardemeks has been bothering me quite a bit as well.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's obvious that our enemy has become more antsy after the secret of the Primordial Seawater was revealed.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think he knew, even then, that we'd follow this lead to the end?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Given everything that's happened since... it's quite possible.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 9 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But who among the three suspects would have the ability to control privately owned Gardemeks?
:{{DIcon}} Florent.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 91 navia 01a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Florent? It is true that he was closest to my father, and thus had the best chance of learning about his dealings with Jacques...
::{{A|vo fdaq005 91 navia 01a 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But as Spina di Rosula's adviser, his work mostly deals with personnel and security, so he shouldn't have much means when it comes to finances.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 91 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're saying he's too broke to afford a meka army?
::{{A|vo fdaq005 91 navia 01a 3.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Exactly, he can't. And even if he could, I don't think he would be able to dispatch a whole group so quickly.
:{{DIcon}} Thierry.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 92 navia 01b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thierry, you say? Hmm, it is possible that he's figured out a way to convert the Gardemeks for personal use...
::{{A|vo fdaq005 92 navia 01b 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But I didn't feel like he was lying when he was talking to us about the meka. I also don't think he'd be able to keep that kind of tampering under wraps.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 92 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, had he actually tampered with the meka, we'd be able to prove it with a simple check of the Gardes' inventory.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 93 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the meka were taken from the Gardes, it should be pretty easy to find out when and how that happened.
:{{DIcon}} Marcel.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 93 navia 01c 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Uncle Marcel? Hmm, my father did really trust him, and they worked together on a large number of projects. Maybe that's how he got to know Jacques.
::{{A|vo fdaq005 93 navia 01c 2.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And with funds from the Confrerie, he could also afford a large number of Gardemeks...
::{{A|vo fdaq005 93 navia 01c 3.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's still really hard for me to imagine, though. After all, Uncle Marcel has been around since I was just a child...
::{{A|vo fdaq005 93 navia 01c 4.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Also, wouldn't this mean he has been spending a whole lot of Mora and energy to fight his own Sinthe business?

;(If the options haven't been depleted yet)
::{{DIcon}} Maybe it was someone else...
:;(Return to option selection)

;(After choosing all the options)
:{{A|vo fdaq005 94 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ugh, who could it be...?
:{{DIcon|Case Record}} I think...

;Which of the three suspects was most likely to have committed the crime?

;(Select "Information Regarding Florent" or "Information Regarding Thierry")
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (If we just consider the incident with the Gardemeks... only one person really fits the bill.)

;(Select "Information Regarding Marcel")
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You know, if you think everything through, Uncle Marcel is indeed the most suspicious of them all...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could we be missing other suspects? Melus didn't know about the people turning into water thing when he narrowed it down to these three, did he?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus has always been very reliable, and his judgment of others' trustworthiness has been fair and well-considered. When he laid out his case for the three, the rationale he gave me made a lot of sense as well.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The suspect is knowledgeable about the Spina's internal affairs, has the means to dispatch meka to assassinate us, and possesses significant intellect and foresight...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Even if I don't want to believe it, I'm starting to see how things could all tie back to Uncle Marcel.
:{{DIcon}} He is someone who's very close to you, after all.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we still have another trump card on top of all the theorizing and speculating!
:{{DIcon}} The Sinthe production base!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yes... Melus did say that charging straight in there would be extremely risky, but we don't have any other options right now...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We'd need far more solid proof before we can hope to go charging in on our enemy.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 thierry 01.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Navia, here you are... *panting*... I've been looking for you.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Aren't you the guy from the Gardes? Did something happen?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 thierry 02.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Yeah, news came from Erinnyes just after you left! We've got another trial on our hands!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wasn't that place built specifically for holding trials? What's so newsworthy about this one?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 thierry 03.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' I know, I know, but they said the person they're putting on trial is a [[Fatui Harbinger]] called [[Tartaglia]]!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, Childe!?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What? Is that someone you know?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we know him, maybe even a little too well...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 thierry 04.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Well, he's been accused of being the true culprit behind the serial disappearances case. It's absurd, don't you think?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait, how? None of our investigations have had anything to do with him.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 thierry 05.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' That's what I thought was strange about it... So I came to tell you the news right away.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 thierry 06.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' If the charge against him stands, then it'll be next to impossible to get the Gardes to support any of our planned investigations.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Right, because they'll think they've already found the culprit...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 thierry 07.ogg}} '''Thierry:''' Yeah, and it'll be a lot harder then to clear Mr. Callas' name.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I understand. Well, partner, what do you think we should do? We still haven't found any conclusive evidence...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Erm...
:{{DIcon}} Let's split up.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm, split up? What do you mean?
:{{DIcon}} You can go to Erinnyes, while I'll go investigate "that place."
:{{DIcon}} I'm confident in my combat abilities.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, just as expected of my partner!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Since this is a trial about the serial disappearances case, the culprit's attention will be focused on Erinnyes, leaving his home base wide open...
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You're right, this is our best opportunity. Alright then, let's do this. I'll stall them at the opera house and charge Marcel as the true culprit.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I won't have any chance of making that charge stick though, unless we find more evidence. It'll be up to you to make it back in time and hand the decisive evidence to me.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll help you just like you helped us in Lyney's trial!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 marcillac 01.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Demoiselle, please allow us to accompany you.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 silver 01.ogg}} '''Silver:''' I'm ready.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus, [[Silver]]... when did you two get here!?
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 marcillac 02.ogg}} '''Melus:''' We heard that you'll be leaving Poisson and figured that you might require our assistance.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 marcillac 03.ogg}} '''Melus:''' It's our hope that your confidence will be bolstered with the two of us by your side.
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hahaha, thank you so much. Then, let's make haste for Erinnyes! Paimon, {{Traveler}}, I'll see you at the opera house!
:{{A|vo fdaq005 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you then!
:;("Suspect Analysis" added to the Case Record)
:;(The player is teleported near the coast northeast of the Court of Fontaine)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Truth, Lost With the Rain
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Zhnxing Lish y Y Hu
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Zhnxing Lish y Y Hu
|zh_tl   = The Truth Lost After the Rain
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Ame ni Nagasareru Shinsou
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      =    
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Una verdad perdida tras la lluvia
|es_tl   = A Truth Lost After the Rain
|fr      = Vrit perdue dans la pluie
|fr_tl   = Truth Lost in the Rain
|ru      = ,  
|ru_tl   = The Truth, Washed Away by the Rain
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = S Tht Tri Theo Mn Ma
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Wahrheit, die im Regen verloren ging
|de_tl   = The Truth That Got Lost in the Rain
|id      = Kenyataan yang Hanyut Terbawa Hujan
|id_tl   = The Truth Drifted Away by the Rain
|pt      = A Verdade, Perdida com a Chuva
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yamurla Kaybolan Gerek
|tr_tl   = Truth Lost With the Rain
|it      = La verit perduta nella pioggia
|it_tl   = The Truth Lost in the Rain
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[es:Una verdad perdida tras la lluvia]]
[[ja:]]
[[vi:S Tht Tri Theo Mn Ma]]