{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest The Blessings of The Seven.png
|id            = 00469
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Windrise
|summary       = The Traveler makes his/her first [[Anemoculus]] offering to a [[Statue of the Seven]].
|requirement   = Collect your first [[Anemoculus]]
|startLocation = [[Windrise]], [[Mondstadt]]
|other         = 
*Unlocks the Wind Current south of [[Windrise]]
|characters    = Traveler; Paimon
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Blessings of The Seven''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
Collect your first [[Anemoculus]] to start the quest.
#Offer the Anemoculus to the Statue
#*Since this is your first Anemoculus and offering, giving it to the Statue of The Seven should immediately level up the statue, rewarding you.
#*Bringing the Anemoculus Statue to Level unlocks an air current that will be used later to get another Anemoculus.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Paimon]] suggests you go to a [[Statue of The Seven]].}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon obtaining an Anemoculus)
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's one of those consolidated wind thingies...
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), let's head back to the Statue of The Seven at Windrise and offer it to the gods!
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... You should come with me, Paimon'll tell you about the rest later.

;(Reaching the Statue of The Seven at Windrise)
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a Statue of The Seven!
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's make an offering and see if the gods respond!

;(After offering the Anemoculus)
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you feel the blessings of The Seven?
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In Mondstadt, people refer to the consolidated wind as Anemoculi.
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're called this because they can be fitted into the statue's eyes.
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some fairy tales say the statues' eyes originally had gems that were taken by swallows.
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Anemoculi never had a physical form from the start.
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' People with Visions collect them to offer to the statues in exchange for blessings.
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Unlike others with powers, you don't have a Vision. But then the rules of this world don't apply to you anyways so...
:{{A|vo tips goddess paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Keep offering Anemoculi, and maybe you'll receive more blessings!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Unlocking the Statue of The Seven at Windrise will also unlock a wind current near Falcon Coast.
* Related voiceovers when you approach the Dawn Winery [[Statue of the Seven]], which cannot be unlocked until you defeat the [[Eye of the Storm]] that is guarding it:
** {{A|vo tips goddess paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This Statue of the Seven seems to be affected by a monster nearby.
** {{A|vo tips goddess paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Defeating that monster might remove the strange wind current seal thingy around the Statue of the Seven.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Blessings of The Seven
|zhs     = 七神的赐福
|zhs_rm  = Qīshén de Cìfú
|zht     = 七神的賜福
|zht_rm  = Qīshén de Cìfú
|zh_tl   = The Granted Blessings of the Seven Gods
|ja      = 七神の祝福
|ja_rm   = Shichishin no Shukufuku{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Blessing of The Seven
|ko      = 일곱 신의 축복
|ko_rm   = Ilgop Sin-ui Chukbok
|ko_tl   = The Blessings of The Seven Gods
|es      = La bendición de Los Siete
|es_tl   = The Blessing of the Seven
|fr      = La bénédiction des Sept
|fr_tl   = The Blessing of The Seven
|ru      = Благословение семи Архонтов
|ru_tl   = The Blessing of the Seven Archons
|th      = พรแห่งเทพทั้งเจ็ด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự Ban Phước Của Bảy Vị Thần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Segen der Sieben
|de_tl   = Blessings of The Seven
|id      = Berkat dari The Seven
|id_tl   = Blessing from The Seven
|pt      = As Bênçãos dos Sete
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yedilerin Lütfu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La Benedizione dei Sette
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[ja:七神の祝福]]