{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10111
|image         = Story Quest The South Wind Brings Adventure.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Carmen Dei Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land
|character     = Venti
|part          = 2
|startLocation = [[Falcon Coast]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Falcon Coast
|prev          = A Child's Secret
|next          = Lionfang's Legacy
|domain        = The Great Adventurer Stanley
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Jack; Paimon; Stanley; Traveler; Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The South Wind Brings Adventure''' is the second part of {{Quest|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land}}.

==Steps==
# Head to the [[Temple of the Lion]]
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[The Great Adventurer Stanley]]
#* [[Venti]] will join the party as a trial character
# Look for [[Jack]] and [[Stanley]]
# Rescue Jack and Stanley
# Complete the Domain adventure

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While investigating imaginary friends with Venti, [[Ellin]] asked you to search for the adventurer Jack within the Temple of the Lion. It seems he is traveling together with the legendary adventurer, Stanley.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Inside the domain)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Temple of the Lion... We explored this place once before, didn't we? During the [[Stormterror]] incident.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like it's now a hotspot for adventurers. That can only mean one thing...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't bag all the loot last time!

;(Upon approaching the first obstacle)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we can't go any further.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Not to worry! Allow me.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Those who wander in the dust, the {{Color|buzzword|wind}} shall send soaring sky high.

;(Upon finding two people surrounded by a [[Cryo Abyss Mage]] and [[hilichurl]]s)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, are those guys...
;(During combat)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 2 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Oh no, what're we going to do?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 2 stanley 01.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' D&mdash;Don't worry...! I&mdash;I've got this...

;(After defeating the enemies and talking to either Jack or Stanley)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 stanley 01.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' *panting*
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' I was so sure I was about to die!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' To be fair, that could have gone either way.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So &mdash; you must be Jack the Adventurer, I assume?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 jack 02.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Yes... Who are you?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, we came looking for you.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ellin has a message for you. She said she won't be able to join you today to plan out your next adventure together. She'll join you some other time.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 jack 03.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Oh, I see... I feel bad you had to come all this way to find me... and then had to rescue me...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 stanley 02.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Huh? I don't see what all the fuss is about. It was nothing that I, Stanley, couldn't have dealt with by myself!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, you're Stanley? You're that legendary adventurer? Renowned in all of Mondstadt? Who once set foot in the [[Mare Jivari]]!?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 stanley 03.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Hehehe, the very same!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha! I must say, it's an honor to meet one as legendary as yourself.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well then, how would everyone like to proceed? Head back, or head further inside?
:{{DIcon}} Stanley, what do you think?
::{{A|vo wdlq002 3 stanley 04a 1a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo wdlq002 3 stanley 04a 1b.ogg}}--> '''Stanley:''' Hehehe, well... I think you're now in the safe hands of Stanley, the great explorer and legend of Mondstadt!
::{{A|vo wdlq002 3 stanley 04a 2.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' In which case, why head back now?
:{{DIcon}} Jack, what do you think?
::{{A|vo wdlq002 3 jack 04b.ogg}} '''Jack:''' I think we should keep going. With Stanley by our side, we'll have no problem.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 3 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Okay, motion passed by unanimous consent! Let's head further in.

;(After the cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 01.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' So. I'm guessing you mostly came here because you wanted to hear my adventure stories, am I right?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' No, we really were just looking for Jack.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 02.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' What!? Do you know who I am? I am Stanley, renowned adventurer of Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yeah, I think we got that.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 03.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Well, your attitude says maybe you don't got that! I am Stanley, the living legend! Stanley, who braved the Mare Jivari!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Enough already! Stop name-dropping yourself every time you open your mouth!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' It's true! Stanley is the most amazing guy!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 04.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Hmph. Well, Jack will listen, won't you? Now, where was I?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 jack 02.ogg}} '''Jack:''' You and your partner reached the Mare Jivari! A famously terrifying place with not a wisp of wind!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 05.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Precisely! There was a deathly silence in the air. A sea of ashes stretched out before us, as was as the eye could see &mdash; the Mare Jivari.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 06.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Suddenly, my partner was caught in a whirlpool whipped up by an evil beast! Luckily, I managed to grab hold of him just in time...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 jack 03.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Wow! So did he make it?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 07.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' *sigh* Sadly... In the end, I alone was able to set foot on home ground once more, where the gentle breeze carried away the tears welling up in my eyes...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 jack 04.ogg}} '''Jack:''' *sobs* That poor guy... How could that happen...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 08.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Jack! You can't cry so easily if you want to be a great adventurer!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 jack 05.ogg}} '''Jack:''' I&mdash;I know! Because an adventurer's proudest achievement is to die in the course of their final adventure.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 jack 06.ogg}} '''Jack:''' But whatever happens, no adventurer should ever die in a place where the wind doesn't blow... The wind has to bring your spirit back to Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 stanley 09.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' *sigh* That's right! To die in a place where the wind blows, and to have your spirit carried back to Mondstadt on the wind... That's... that's the dream...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 jack 07.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Yes... Although, the most I can aspire to right now is beginners' commissions, like clearing out the slimes clogging up the sewers...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You shouldn't die in a place with no wind... Why do they keep going on about that?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, is that why Stanley thinks that Mare Jivari is the most terrifying place in the world? Because there's no wind there?

;(After defeating the enemies in the domain)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Traveler, I believe I have made a small discovery.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Could I ask you to use the nirnama detector once more?
;(The Traveler saw Stanley's imaginary friend while using the nirnama detector)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Stanley has an imaginary friend?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It seems his imaginary friend is a seasoned warrior... covered in scars from head to foot, and a look of staunch determination on his face.
:{{DIcon}} It fits Stanley's description of himself.
::{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 04a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You're saying his imaginary friend is an idealized version of his own self?
::{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 04a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Interesting idea! But is it true?
:{{DIcon}} I knew there was something weird about his story...
::{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 04b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh? You thought so too, huh?
::{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 04b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I agree. He wasn't telling the whole story.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 stanley 01.ogg}} '''Stanley:''' Please excuse me, I'll be leaving now.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Bye, Stanley!
;(Stanley leaves the scene)
----
;(Jack talks to the Traveler, Venti, and Paimon)
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 02.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Do you two still have time to spare?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' What is it?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 03.ogg}} '''Jack:''' A few days ago, Stanley got drunk and told me a secret &mdash; something he's never told anyone before.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 04.ogg}} '''Jack:''' The weapons he took on his adventure all those years ago... they were none other than those once wielded by Mondstadt's greatest hero, [[Vennessa]] herself! The {{Color|buzzword|Sword of Brilliant Valor}} and the {{Color|buzzword|Shield of Magnificent Honor}}!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 05.ogg}} '''Jack:''' I don't know whether you believe me, but... apparently, both the sword and shield are still right here in Mondstadt, over in {{Color|buzzword|Dadaupa Gorge|link=1}}!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 06.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Since you guys are the experts at this... Can you come with me to try and retrieve these two legendary weapons?
:{{DIcon}} Stanley seriously owned these weapons?
::{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 07a.ogg}} '''Jack:''' You bet! This is Stanley we're talking about!
:{{DIcon}} Why did he abandon them in the wild, then?
::{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 07b.ogg}} '''Jack:''' I dunno, outstanding individuals always come with their quirks, right?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 08.ogg}} '''Jack:''' If I can just get ahold of something impressive enough to show my family what I'm capable of, maybe they'll finally come around to the idea of me being an adventurer...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 09.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Right now, I'm just a rookie. My abilities are limited, and my parents don't support my goals one bit...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 10.ogg}} '''Jack:''' So, what do you say? Help a guy out?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 11.ogg}} '''Jack:''' I can't bring myself to tell Stanley about it, because my reasons are so... selfish. But, I swear I'll give the weapons back to him as soon as I'm done!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, poor Jack... Let's help him out!
:{{DIcon}} Alright then.
:{{DIcon}} Hard to say no after that sob story.
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Venti, you coming too?
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Mm... I don't know...
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 jack 12.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Oh, one other thing &mdash; I have a bottle of rare vintage wine that I had someone fetch for me a couple years ago. Help me find these weapons and it's all yours!
:{{A|vo wdlq002 5 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, {{Color|buzzword|Dadaupa Gorge}}, was it? Hehe, let's hurry, there's no time to lose!
;(The camera pans to Stanley, who has been listening in on the conversation)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The South Wind Brings Adventure
|zhs     = 南风与冒险
|zhs_rm  = Nán Fēng yǔ Màoxiǎn
|zht     = 南風與冒險
|zht_rm  = Nán Fēng yǔ Màoxiǎn
|zh_tl   = The South Wind and the Adventure
|ja      = 南風と冒険
|ja_rm   = Nanpuu to Bouken
|ja_tl   = The South Wind and the Adventure
|ko      = 남풍과 모험
|ko_tl   = The South Wind and Adventure
|es      = Viento del sur y aventura
|es_tl   = South Wind and Adventure
|fr      = Vent du sud et aventure
|fr_tl   = South Wind and Adventure
|ru      = Южный ветер и приключения
|ru_tl   = The South Wind and the Adventure
|th      = สายลมทิศใต้และการผจญภัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gió Nam Và Mạo Hiểm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Abenteuer aus dem Süden
|de_tl   = Adventurer From The South
|id      = Petualangan Dari Angin Selatan
|id_tl   = Adventure From the South Wind
|pt      = Vento do Sul e Aventura
|pt_tl   = South Wind and Adventure
|tr      = Güney Rüzgarıyla Gelen Macera
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Dove ci porta il vento del Sud
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Viento del sur y aventura]]
[[ja:南風と冒険]]