{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12017
|image         = Story Quest The Fabric of Constancy.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Reflections of Mortality
|character     = Raiden Shogun
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = To Traverse the Mortal Plane
|next          = To Hear Mortal Hearts
|exp           = 425
|mora          = 26,025
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Ei; Ippei; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Fabric of Constancy''' is the third part of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act I - [[Reflections of Mortality]].

==Steps==
# Go to the best spot to take a picture
# Recommend a suitable pose
# Pick a good spot to take a picture
# Show the picture to Ei
# Follow the voice to see what's happening
# Talk to the hurried Ippei

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|With you as her tour guide, Ei witnesses a great many new things and even seems to be enjoying herself. You decide to remember this leisurely time by taking a picture.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the best spot to take a picture)
:{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So, uh, what are we supposed to be doing?
:{{A|vo sglq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're taking a photo of you. Just leave the hard work to us, all you need to do is stand over there and strike a pose.
:{{A|vo sglq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Basically, a photo makes a visual record of you at this very moment in time, so it makes a great souvenir.
:{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Okay, so what exactly is "striking a pose"?
:{{DIcon}} The photo is a visual representation.
:{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ah, I see. So in other words, I need to do some sort of visually agreeable action in front of you, right?
:{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The more I think about it, the more embarrassing it seems.
:{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' How should I pose? Help me out here. It should look good but not too over the top. This isn't coming naturally to me at all.

;(Recommend a suitable pose)
:{{DIcon}} Try graceful and dignified.
::{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 06a.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Okay... I'll try that.
:{{DIcon}} Try stern and serious.
::{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 06b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This doesn't feel very "me." Is this okay?
:{{DIcon}} Try relaxed and casual.
::{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 06c.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Casual... How about this? This feels quite natural.

;(Confirm the pose)
:{{DIcon}} That works.
::{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Okay, let's get started.
::{{A|vo sglq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's pick a good angle to record this moment from.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe try another one.
::{{A|vo sglq003 1 raidenei 06b 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Alright. Well, I'll leave the decision to you.
:;(Dialog returns back to the "Recommend a suitable pose" dialogue options above)

;(Talk to Ei again)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq003 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So a photo is a visual representation... an impression, like casting a shadow...
:{{A|vo dialog sglq003 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Fascinating. I'm learning a lot today. Let's get this underway.

;(Take the photo and show the picture to Ei)
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a wrap! Take a look, here's the photo we took of you.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Wow... this is astonishing. Is it some kind of magic? It seems to be... another copy of me?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But she doesn't seem to be able to move or talk...
:{{DIcon}} It's just a record.
:{{DIcon}} It's not the real you.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I thought it would turn out poorly because I felt rather rigid. But it actually looks much more natural than I'd imagined.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The pose is exactly the same and so is the scenery in the background... I can't imagine how it's achieved.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's what makes it so special.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hang on, I'm still struggling to understand this. I need you to explain it again...
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So the one in this photo... are you sure it isn't me?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' If it's not me, then why does she look exactly like me? And if she is me, then... who am I?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... okay, way above Paimon's head&mdash; over to you, (Traveler)!
:{{DIcon}} It's a little bit like you and the Shogun.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, that's right. Do you think the Shogun counts as you?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Of course I do. It was never my intention to place control of Inazuma into anybody else's hands.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So then, who does that make you, here and now?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Well I'm still me. There is no doubt about that.
:{{DIcon}} So your existence isn't singular.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' My existence, hmm...
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I think I understand.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I am me. There is only one of me, but I can exist in many different forms. It's not important what form I exist in.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The Shogun, for example, is one of my forms of existence. The question of whether or not she is me is not determined by any of her components.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, this picture is one of your forms of existence, too.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm. So even I, who seeks Eternity, am constantly changing my form of existence...
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Then, how can I ask Inazuma and everyone who lives here to remain unchanging?
:{{DIcon}} Inazuma will always be Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} Human beings will always be human.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Everything I have encountered on this journey with you has been from beyond my existing sphere of knowledge.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' *sigh* You've seen a lot of my ignorant side today. Maybe you can't tell, but all this has challenged my understanding of things.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Based on what I have seen today, I am forced to accept that Inazuma is a completely different place from the one I remember.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But it would be incorrect to conclude from this that the Inazuma of today is no longer Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} Right.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Both the Vision Hunt Decree and the Statue of the Omnipresent God were conceived as a means of bringing about Eternity. But if I were really getting closer to Eternity, none of this ever would have happened.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 22.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Perhaps... perhaps I've been holding on to everything too tightly.
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds to Paimon like Ei's figured things out!
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And that means that we've done a really great job as her guides!
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Master Kamaji! Master Kamaji!
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? Why's it getting so noisy down there?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounded like Ippei. What could be the matter?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 raidenei 23.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ippei? Is that someone from the Tenryou Commission?
:{{A|vo sglq003 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep. Let's find out what's going on.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Ei seems especially concerned as to whether "the person in the picture is her or not." After some discussion, she receives an answer that satisfies her... but that is when you head the voice of Ippei, Kujou Kamaji's servant.}}
;(Approach Ippei)
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Ippei, what's the matter?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 01.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Ah, it's you. I...
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 02.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Huh? Th&mdash;The Almighty Shogun!?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 03.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' You must be looking for my master, Kujou Kamaji? I'm very sorry, he's not here at the moment. But if it pleases you, I will gladly deliver a message on your behalf?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's okay, I'm not here to see him. We just heard you calling out, so we came to see what was going on.
:{{DIcon}} Are you looking for your master?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 04.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Yes. Master Kamaji still hasn't returned from the negotiations, and I'm starting to get worried.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 05.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' In fairness, he does have a habit of taking long walks and coming back late. It's perfectly possible that he just found somewhere he likes and lost track of time.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 06.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' But for some reason, today I'm particularly nervous.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Kujou Kamaji... A descendant of the Kujou Clan, I presume.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 07.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' That's right. Apologies, since the head of the clan is in poor health at the moment, and Master Masahito is rarely home, Master Kamaji is currently serving as representative of the Kujou Clan.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I have heard that things are quite tumultuous within the Tenryou Commission at present. Does this have anything to do with Kujou Kamaji?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 08.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Forgive us, Almighty Shogun. The Kujou Clan has failed in its duty.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 09.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' The Kujou Clan's reputation is damaged and its power over the Tenryou Commission is in decline. Plus you, um... ahem, you have yet to issue a verdict on the Commission's future...
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 10.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' So, Master Kamaji decided to enter negotiations with the Takatsukasa Clan with a view of having them take over...
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Surely they would be discussing something like that at their headquarters, right? Why are you looking for them here?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 11.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Actually, they decided to hold this one elsewhere. I'm a little confused as to why, to be honest, but I didn't feel it was my place to question the higher-ups.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 12.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' The meeting place is in the mountains near the Grand Narukami Shrine. I believe the Takatsukasa Clan have some kind of base there.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Takatsukasa... another familiar name. They have been faithfully serving the Kujou Clan all these years?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 13.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Yes, yes. That's why Master Kamaji decided to discuss things with them. I understand they must have had a lot of ground to cover, but still, there's no way it should have gone on this long.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 14.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' I've searched all over the city. If he really hasn't returned yet, then...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they haven't finished.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe something's happened.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 15.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Yeah, I thought of that possibility too... but someone of my rank can't just go venturing into Takatsukasa Clan territory like that.
:{{DIcon}} We can go check things out for you.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 16.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' No, no need. I'm probably just overthinking things. Besides, if they're still at it, they'll only blame me for interrupting the negotiations.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 17.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' I'm only a lowly servant, but Master Kamaji and I grew up together... It'd be terrible if anything ever happened to him.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 18.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' I'm not as smart as Master, so I can't really share his burdens. But the last thing I'd want would be for him to come to harm when I could've done something about it.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... what do you think, Almighty Shogun?
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Let's go see what's happening.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' With me present, they are unlikely to blame you even if we do happen to interrupt the negotiations.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Besides, this has only come about because I failed to make a timely decision. This issue started with me, and I shall be the one to finish it.
:{{DIcon}} That's commitment, right there.
:{{DIcon}} Awesome stuff.
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 19.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Thank you so much, Shogun! I'll keep looking around in the meantime, too!
:{{A|vo sglq003 3 ippei 20.ogg}} '''Ippei:''' Let me mark out the location of the base for you. I hope everything goes smoothly!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Fabric of Constancy
|zhs     = 质料恒常无易
|zhs_rm  = Zhìliào Héngcháng Wúyì
|zht     = 質料恆常無易
|zht_rm  = Zhíliào Héngcháng Wúyì
|zh_tl   = Consistent Material is Not Easy
|ja      = 恒常質料
|ja_rm   = Koujou Shitsuryou
|ja_tl   = The Matter of Constancy
|ko      = 영원불변의 질료
|ko_rm   = Yeongwonbulmyeol-ui Jillyo
|ko_tl   = The Matter of Constancy
|es      = El tejido de la constancia
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = L'essence de la constance
|fr_tl   = Essence of Constancy
|ru      = Постоянство материи
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = รากฐานแห่งนิรันดร์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Root of Eternity
|vi      = Chất Liệu Vĩnh Hằng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gewebe der Beständigkeit
|de_tl   = Fabric of Resistance
|id      = Kekekalan Materi
|id_tl   = Eternity of Matter
|pt      = O Tecido da Constância
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}