{{Act Infobox
|image          = Roses and Muskets Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Roses and Muskets
|actNum         = I
|next           = Fiction and Reality Inside and Outside the Frame
|ARReq          = 
|event_name     = Roses and Muskets
}}
'''The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence''' is the first part of the [[Roses and Muskets]] event.

==Quests==
* [[The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence (Quest)|The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence]]

==Summary==
;The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence

The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] take a walk around the [[Court of Fontaine]], having learned that there's a film festival being hosted from [[The Steambird]]. When they arrive at the plaza, they run into [[Xavier]], who's pleading to an investor named [[Morris]] to bring him funds for his next film; however, Morris has run into a problem and is unable to invest in the film. Xavier wonders how he would pay everyone, including [[Chiori]], who the two quickly realize is the owner of [[Chioriya Boutique]]. Nonetheless, he decides to bring them to her as she had helped him a lot, particularly with finding actors from other lands.

They meet Chiori at the [[aquabus]] station, where Xavier informs her that he would not be able to secure any funding for his upcoming movie. Chiori reassures him that he shouldn't worry about costs, as the actors she recommended aren't interested in the Mora. Just then, an aquabus arrives from the Clementine Line, bringing [[Kamisato Ayaka|Ayaka]], [[Kamisato Ayato|Ayato]] and [[Yoimiya]]. The three are pleased to see the Traveler in Fontaine and they enjoy some sightseeing and local food. Xavier then informs them of his problem, which Ayato initially suggests that they resolve the matter in court. Xavier declines this, as the system would be too slow. Ayato then suggests they raise the funds themselves, though Xavier states that they simply don't have enough time. Finally, he suggests they simply perform for free, shocking Xavier as he does not find that even remotely acceptable. Ayato states that he and Ayaka had already planned to work for free, since improving ties with other nations was far more important than wealth. Paimon volunteers as a clapperboard, so Xavier would need to find a director and an assistant.

Yoimiya volunteers as an assistant, leaving the group to find a director to finish the requirements. The Traveler immediately suggests [[Furina]], which makes Xavier nervous but he accepts as there isn't any other choice. Xavier decides on a clockwork ring as a gift, but Yoimiya suggests a dessert instead. Chiori also adds that to make the gift sweeter, they'll also need to praise her.

The Traveler prepares a serving of [[Fontinalia Mousse]] and they head to Furina's apartment, where she learns of Xavier's situation. The Traveler provides her a sample of [[Estelle]]'s blacksmith with the [[Kamera]], convincing her to join in as a director. As she wonders how everyone will be paid, she becomes shocked to learn that she wouldn't be getting paid much. Xavier tells her that he's working on a film adaptation of "The Two Musketeers", which she enjoyed reading. Furina decides to join on the condition that she would have absolute freedom in directing the script, which Xavier grants. She then asks who they would consult on the proper use of muskets, as she hadn't talked to [[Clorinde]] in a while and [[Navia]]'s style would not match the film. Chiori suggests [[Chevreuse]], being acquainted with her and knows where she is. Before Furina leaves to buy macaroni, she asks about the pay of the lead actors, and is shocked upon learning that everyone was basically working for free and remarks on how the gods were smiling on him.

Chiori brings the Traveler to Chevreuse, a young lady wearing an eyepatch who's seemingly reading a book. Chiori tells her that she's working and walks up to her, engaging in short conversation. Chevreuse then stops the other two people, ordering them to hand whatever they were hiding in the book before having [[Letellier]] escort them away. She explains to the Traveler that after [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]] was brought to justice, [[Sinthe]] production was completely halted, though there were still batches circulating on the market. When Chiori had walked up to her, she also blocked her from view from the owner, who tried to discreetly sell Sinthe to a customer and had to approach the situation from that way to obtain evidence of guilt. Chevreuse learns of the situation from Chiori and agrees to join for free, as she also enjoys the book version. She asks the Traveler to stay with her for a moment while Chiori leaves to inform Xavier that she found someone for the role.

Chevreuse asks the Traveler if they've read "The Two Musketeers" before and summarizes the story for them. The Traveler realizes that there's more going on to what she's saying, and she tells them that she needs their help with a murder case that happened recently, which appears to be copying from the book itself. The [[Marechaussee Phantom]] are busy trying to find the suspect and has kept the case secret; she was helping out of personal interest. The Traveler tells her that they'll consider it after filming tomorrow.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence
|zhs     = 划破宁静的枪响
|zhs_rm  = Huápò Níngjìng de Qiāngxiǎng
|zht     = 劃破寧靜的槍響
|zht_rm  = Huápò Níngjìng de Qiāngxiǎng
|zh_tl   = The Gunshot Breaking the Silence
|ja      = 静寂を切り裂く銃声
|ja_rm   = Seijaku wo Kirisaku Juusei
|ja_tl   = The Gunshot Breaking the Silence
|ko      = 정적을 깨는 총성
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Un disparo que rompe el silencio
|es_tl   = A Shot that Breaks the Silence
|fr      = Le claquement des mousquets brisant le silence
|fr_tl   = The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence
|ru      = Грохот мушкетов разрывает тишину
|ru_tl   = The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence
|th      = เสียงปืนที่ทำลายความสงบสุข
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tiếng Súng Phá Vỡ Sự Yên Tĩnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Musketenschüsse durchbrechen die Stille
|de_tl   = Musket Shots Break the Silence
|id      = Derak Senapan Memecah Keheningan
|id_tl   = The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence
|pt      = O Som de Mosquetes Rompendo o Silêncio
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tüfek İcat Oldu Sessizlik Bozuldu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un silenzio interrotto dal fragore dei moschetti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:O Som de Mosquetes Rompendo o Silêncio]]
[[th:เสียงปืนที่ทำลายความสงบสุข]]
[[vi:Tiếng Súng Phá Vỡ Sự Yên Tĩnh]]