{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40172
|image         = Event Quest The Spirit of Ah K'ulbatil.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Iktomi Spiritseeking Scrolls
|actType       = Volume
|actNum        = III
|part          = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Citlali; Leyla; Matla; Ororon; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [["Masters of the Night-Wind"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tezcatepetonco Range
|subarea       = "Masters of the Night-Wind"
|prev          = Vision of Ashen Desolation
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mysterious Weapon Fragment: Arrow Rest*1;Iktomi Scroll: Map*1;Incense Ashcrystals*80;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Spirit of Ah K'ulbatil''''' is the third part of the [[Iktomi Spiritseeking Scrolls]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later
# Head to [[Leyla]]'s cave
# Head to where the witch doctor [[Matla]] is
# Return to Leyla's cave

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|According to [[Citlali]]'s plan, today's the day to guide Leyla's spirit back to his body. But will everything go off without a hitch...?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Ororon)
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Greetings again, everyone.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali, you're here!
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I got the ceremonial sword from the chief. It has a certain power that's needed in situations like this.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...You haven't forgotten what we're doing today, right?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course not, we're gonna wake Leyla up! ...And then ask him just what the heck he was playing at.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' And I've prepared the rest of the tools for the ceremony, per Granny's instructions. We've dotted all our i's and crossed all our t's, so today should go off without a hitch.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Good work, kiddo. Then without further ado, let's get started.
:{{Black Screen|Citlali summons the ceremonial sword "[[Calamity of Eshu]]."}}
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I give offerings from the mystic smoke: The gift of stars on a moonless night, a wreath of dreams in the swirling wind.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Glory be to the [[Ronova|Ruler of Death]]. Fade. Fade. Fade. Thrice uttered, and thrice repeated.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Is this one of her magic spells? This whole place suddenly got cold! What's happening!?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Keep your voice down. We mustn't disturb her.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We, the children of the priest-king, swear to abide by the ancient pact, and tear through the veil of the [[Night Kingdom|Night Realm]].
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I am Citlali, hear my command. I am the shepherd of doomsday, I am Ah K'ulbatil.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 01.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' ...
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Look! Leyla's spirit is back. It's coming towards his body.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I shall pierce the cloak of night with flintstone, and banish all souls that do not belong to the land of the dead.<br>
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Leyla! Obey my command, and return to the land where the sun shines. Return to your own path!
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Did it work?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 02.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Huh... Huh? Where am I? And... who are you?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 03.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Whoa! ...G&mdash;Granny Itztli! I mean...! High Priestess Citlali! Please, have mercy!
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Guilty conscience, huh? So you know full well what you've done.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Do you have any idea how close you were to never making it back? Or maybe you thought life would be more fun as an inanimate object?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 04.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' I&mdash;I'm sorry! I messed up... and I'll face the consequences.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh? You sure about that? Then say goodbye to your parents. Tell them this:
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' "Goodbye, Mom and Dad. I've realized I enjoy life as an empty shell so much that I've decided to get Granny Itztli to turn me into a stone statue, so I can stand guard over her house for the next hundred years."
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 05.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' No, please! Please don't, I'm begging you! I'll never do this again, I promise! Thank you, High Priestess Citlali, thank you for rescuing me!
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hehe, don't thank me &mdash; thank my grandson. If he hadn't sensed something was amiss, I wouldn't have bothered getting involved.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're more than welcome, Leyla. And don't mind Granny's &mdash; she's all bark and no bite. We're just glad that you're okay.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Besides, someone tricked you into doing this, didn't they? That [[Kokuchuu]] guy. He's the real culprit here.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 06.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' No... Mr. Kokuchuu had nothing to do with it. It was all my doing.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 07.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Well, I mean, he suggested the method of using a powerful spirit relic as a medium. But it was my decision to go through with it. I wasn't coerced or anything.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 08.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' I'm sorry. I'm the one to blame.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah, the brainwashing is strong with this one.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... So, did Kokuchuu provide the relic?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 09.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' He did. He said it was a treasure related to the [[Mare Jivari]].
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, so that proves it &mdash; he was using you! He coaxed you into doing the clairvoyance for him!
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 10.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' But I'm a spirit-duffer who can't cast a single spell... What use would I be to him?
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 11.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Guys like me couldn't sense a spirit even if we spent the rest of our lives sitting and meditating.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 12.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' But Mr. Kokuchuu said that if I brute-force the spell and immerse myself in a spiritually rich substance, I might be able to catch a glimpse of one. Seemed like my only option...
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, brute-forcing a spell when you're a spirit-duffer is like... forcing yourself to run a marathon without any legs! If it wasn't for Citlali, you'd have been lost forever!
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 leyla 13.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' I know, I'm sorry... It's just... everyone in this tribe is so amazingly talented, and then there's me... I just didn't wanna be the odd one out anymore.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I totally understand how you feel, Leyla...
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Some seeds effortlessly grow into beautiful cabbages, while others struggle with all their might and never even sprout.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Who knows why this is the way things are... Maybe that's just life? Life is full of things we can't change.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I know saying this doesn't change anything either, but I hope it makes you feel a little better.
:{{A|vo tleq003 1 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's pause this discussion for now. We need to get you to Matla's for a checkup.
----
;(Talk to Matla)
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 matla 01.ogg}} '''Matla:''' Okay, looking good... Seems like this guy got off lightly. Just make sure he eats when you get back &mdash; he must be starving.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' That's a relief. I've heard of cases where people's bodies started necrotizing after they spent too long meditating.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a horrifying thought...
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Mm. Anyway, Leyla, even though we didn't know each other before all this, I'm still really glad that you're okay now.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 01.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Well, maybe you didn't know me, but... I've heard all about you.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 02.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' The same goes for High Priestess Citlali, {{Traveler}}, and Paimon. I've heard all the stories...
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Even us?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 03.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' This might sound corny, but you're exactly the kind of people I've always dreamed of becoming... But it's clear to me now, that was just wishful thinking.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 04.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Honestly, why'd I have to be born a spirit-duffer? Hehe, nah, it's alright really. I'm used to being useless by now. Thank you all for saving me.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 05.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Ororon, I think you're right &mdash; it's just a fact of life. I promise I won't take another risk like this in the future. I've brought you more than enough trouble already.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Leyla...
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 06.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Haha, it's okay! There's no need to comfort me.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, you little rascal. What are you talking about? Look at me.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 07.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Huh? What's wrong, High Priestess Citlali?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I said look at me. Take a good hard look. Sense anything strange?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Granny, what are YOU talking about?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}? Another case of "happy to help" written on someone's face?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 08.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' ...Hold on, I think...
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 09.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Either my mind's playing tricks on me, or... her entire body is an illusion.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 10.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' No... It must just be my imagination. I wouldn't be able to see through something like that.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Wait, I know this trick... It's the same one I used a while back. Granny snuck away from right under our noses...
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You see? You can perceive some spiritual abnormalities now. Congratulations.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 leyla 11.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' But where are you going, Granny?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Where do you think? I'm going fishing, you dummy.
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Someone triggered the trap I set in the cave. Looks like our friend Kokuchuu took the bait!
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What?
:{{A|vo tleq003 2 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sorry, can't talk now. You'll find me in the cave.
----
;(Approach Citlali)
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (I don't believe it! He got away! Oh, this is terrible... Why'd I have to go and act so cocky about it? Ugh, I'm gonna look like such a fool...)
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (This Kokuchuu must be a real escape artist or something. But I can't tell them that. I'll have to think of something else...)
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali! Did you get him!?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Given that she's the only person here... I'm guessing no.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...I...
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...I thought I'd let him go. For now.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But I left a mark on him! So if he comes around here again, I'll be able to track his every move.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Oh, so Granny had only pretended to leave the cave... When in fact, she'd set up a whole trap for him and was lying in wait.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so just like how you caught Ororon!
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But how did you know Kokuchuu would come here?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Because I planted the bait here. The Mare Jivari map and the bow shard &mdash; left them both on the table. I had a feeling those were what he was truly after.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And sure enough, my trap was triggered just moments after we left.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you really did set up traps here after all, huh?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Of course. It's just that they'd never do anything to either of you.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' See? What did I tell you?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 leyla 01.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' So, Mr. Kokuchuu, you used me after all... This whole time, all you wanted was to find the location of the Mare Jivari.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's right. I've been wondering about the shard he left ever since I came across it. Why did he leave it there?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The moment I confirmed the Mare Jivari's location, that's when I realized: It was bait.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He was counting on Leyla's spirit getting lost, and the tribe coming to his rescue. Then, by helping Leyla, we'd be helping him...
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! So he was fishing too! It was all a ploy to lure in an actual clairvoyant who could look into the shard for him...
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yep. And somebody fell for it hook, line, and sinker...
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sorry. I took the bait...
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' But so did Granny.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...! The nerve! I only got involved because of you, you little scamp!
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Either way, Kokuchuu played us like a fiddle. He managed to accomplish his goals without taking any of the risk himself. Pretty sneaky.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can say that again! Imagine if he'd tried to approach Citlali directly. She'd have seen through it right away!
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although, actually... Citlali, why did you let him go...?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Uhhh... Because I couldn't risk using my full abilities here. He was a pretty slippery character, and if I'd kept him here by force, there could have been unintended consequences.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Was it my fault for picking a bad place...? I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I went looking for somewhere with a wealth of spiritual energy when I first decided to help Leyla, and ended up choosing this [[Wayward Hermetic Spiritspeaker|mad sage]]'s hideout.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Mad sage?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yeah, he's napping right behind that wall. We'd have a whole new situation on our hands if we woke him up. That's why I decided against using my full abilities.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I do have some good news, though: I snatched the shard and map back before he bolted. So I may have restrained myself, but I certainly didn't let him walk all over me.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's great! So he left empty-handed, haha!
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Uh, yes, sort of... The bad news is, he did get a look at the map before he left. Not that the Mare Jivari's last-known location is a huge secret, but still...
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's kind of worrying... What if he's got some sorta diabolical plan?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't worry, I'll keep tracking him.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 20a.ogg}} {{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 20b.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Also, Leyla &mdash; if it's all the same to you, I'd like to give the shard and map to {{Traveler}} as a gift. They might prove useful at some point in {{MC|m=his|f=her}} journey.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 leyla 02.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Absolutely! That's completely fine. {{Traveler}} deserves it.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure? This is a very generous gift.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ehh, none of us are interested in them. And if there's any chance of them leading you to the Mare Jivari, I'm sure an adventurer like you wouldn't want to pass on that opportunity.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Granny Itztli has a sense for these things.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 leyla 03.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' So, um, Granny Itztli... Do you think I'm still a spirit-duffer?
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What kind of a dumb question is that? You saw through my illusion, didn't you? I mean, that's partly because I deliberately made it imperfect, but even then, a spirit-duffer wouldn't be able to see through that.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ororon, give this guy some lessons when you've got the time.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Leyla, put in the work and we'll see how far you get.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Amazing... Life is so full of surprises. As long as you keep moving forward, you might just run into some fertilizer in the middle of the road.
:{{A|vo tleq003 3 olorun 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm so happy for you, Leyla. Let's both give this our best shot, and who knows &mdash; we might both be beautiful cabbages one day.
:;(Quest completes)
----
;(Talk to Citlali, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hm? You alright?
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I have to return the ceremonial sword to the chief shortly, but I'll leave everything else in the camp as-is for now. Feel free to make use of it.
:{{DIcon}} Um... I have the latest volume of "Mirage Warriors" here...
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Huh?
:{{DIcon}} ...Along with a special-edition spinoff of "The Case Files of Miss Orith."
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' HUH!?
:{{DIcon}} Wanna read them together?
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Uhh...
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 06b.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (What is this? What's going on? How did {{MC|m=he|f=she}} know I like those books? Don't tell me... Has {{MC|m=he|f=she}} been trying to find out what I'm into?)<ref group="Note">"Don't tell me..." is missing from the voice-over."</ref>
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (No, that's ridiculous, don't be silly... I bet Ororon sold me out, the little scamp...)
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 08b.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (Still... {{MC|m=he|f=she}} remembered, that's gotta mean something, right? Why make a note of some mundane detail like that?)
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 09b.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (Ugh, focus! {{MC|m=He|f=She}} asked me a question! Umm, umm, umm... Argh, how do I respond?)
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ahem...
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sure, why not. I should have some time later. I'll let you know.

;(Talk to Leyla, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 leyla 01.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' I'm going to apply myself hard, and learn everything I can from Ororon. He'll make a cabbage out of me yet.
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 leyla 02.ogg}} '''Leyla:''' Although to be honest, I'd rather become a carrot... More nutritious, y'know.

;(Talk to Ororon, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog tleq003 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Thank you for everything. This would have been so much harder without you.
;(First time)
::{{A|vo dialog tleq003 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' These are for you. They're all home-grown. Hope you like them.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Cabbage|x=30}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* ''Ah'' may be a variant spelling of the Mayan word "aj" which is an agent prefix that is usually translated as "he/she of (something)" and ''K'ulbatil'' means "border" in K'iche' Maya. Thus, "Ah K'ulbatil" roughly translates to "he/she of the border." This correlates with [[Citlali]]'s ability to manipulate the borders of the [[Night Kingdom]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Spirit of Ah K'ulbatil
|zhs      = 阿库乌波蒂尔之灵
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 阿庫烏波蒂爾之靈
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = アー・クルバティの霊
|ja_rm    = Aa Kurubati no Rei
|ja_tl    = The Spirit of Ah K'ulbatil
|ko       = 아쿠르바티의 영혼
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El espíritu de Ah K'ulbatil
|es_tl    = The Spirit of Ah K'ulbatil
|fr       = L'esprit d'Ah K'ulbatil
|fr_tl    = The Spirit of Ah K'ulbatil
|ru       = Дух Ах К'ульбатиль
|ru_tl    = The Spirit of Ah K'ulbatil
|th       = จิตวิญญาณของ Ah K'ulbatil
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Linh Hồn Của Ah K'ulbatil
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der Geist von Ah K’ulbatil
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Roh Ah K'ulbatil
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = O Espírito de Ah K'ulbatil
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Ah K'ulbatil'in Ruhu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Lo spirito di Ah K'ulbatil
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

[[pt-br:O Espírito de Ah K'ulbatil]]
[[ru:Дух Ах К'ульбатиль]]