{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 30029
|image         = Random World Way of Survival.png
|type          = World
|group         = Random World
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Tsukishiro
|startLocation = [[Yashiori Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Yashiori Island
|otherRewards  = 
*AR Dependent Rewards
}}
'''The Way of Survival''' is a [[Random World Quest]] that can activate in certain areas within [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Defeat all opponents
#*The following enemy may appear: {{Enemy|Nobushi: Jintouban|x=1}} '''or''' {{Enemy|Nobushi: Hitsukeban|x=1}} '''or''' {{Enemy|Hilichurl|x=3}}
#Talk to [[Tsukishiro]]

==Rewards==
{{Transclude|Random Event|Rewards}}
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A miner named Tsukishiro is under attack by monsters and needs immediate aid...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Tsukishiro)
:'''Tsukishiro:''' Shoo! Go away!
:'''Paimon:''' Look over there &mdash; someone is being attacked!
:'''Paimon:''' Quick, help them out before something terrible happens!
----
;(Talk to Tsukishiro after defeating the monsters)
:'''Tsukishiro:''' Thank you! Thank you very much. If you hadn't saved me, I don't know what would've happened...
:'''Tsukishiro:''' *sigh* These monsters... I just wanted to mine some ores here...
:{{DIcon}} Are you a miner, then?
:'''Tsukishiro:''' You could say that. I worked as a miner for some time, but ever since my mining team was shut down, I've had to take on odd jobs everywhere.
:'''Tsukishiro:''' But given the current situation, even odd jobs are hard to come by. I had to pick up my old job again to make some money.
:'''Tsukishiro:''' Either way, please accept this for saving my life! It's all I have &mdash; I hope you won't mind...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Way of Survival
|zhs     = 生存的方式
|zhs_rm  = Shēngcún de Fāngshì
|zht     = 生存的方式
|zht_rm  = Shēngcún de Fāngshì
|zh_tl   = Way of Survival
|ja      = 生存の道
|ja_rm   = Seizon no Michi
|ja_tl   = Way of Survival
|ko      = 생존의 방식
|ko_rm   = Saengjon-ui Bangsik
|ko_tl   = Way of Survival
|es      = Método de supervivencia
|es_tl   = Method of Survival
|fr      = Une façon de survivre
|fr_tl   = A Way to Survive
|ru      = Путь выживания
|ru_tl   = A Way of Survival
|th      = หนทางรอดชีวิต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cách thức sinh tồn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Überlebensstrategie
|de_tl   = Survival Strategy
|id      = Cara Bertahan Hidup
|id_tl   = Way of Survival
|pt      = Maneira da Sobrevivência
|pt_tl   = Way of Survival
|tr      = Hayatta Kalmanın Yolu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lotta per la sopravvivenza
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Quests by Type Navbox|type=Random World Quests}}

[[ja:生存の道]]